As Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) gains on Hillary Clinton in Iowa and New Hampshire , Democrats will have Democrats final debate before the Iowa caucuses on Sunday evening in South Carolina .   Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton surrogates have attacked Sanders on gun control and health care in recent weeks as enthusiasm for Hillary Clinton candidacy has waned . Clinton Hillary Clinton likely sharpen her Hillary Clinton against Sanders Sanders and may show Sanders Sanders a politician who wants to actually win the nomination looks like . It will be interesting to see if Sanders Sanders draws sharp contrasts with Clinton Hillary Clinton and attacks her Hillary Clinton to Wall Street while raising questions about her Hillary Clinton ’s alleged sexual indiscretions and whether Hillary played a role in covering them up and silencing her her husband’s . It was Sanders , after all , who inexplicably blunted his campaign ’s Sanders in the summer when he gave Clinton Sanders pass on her Hillary Clinton scandal , declaring to the nation that the American people are " sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails . " South Carolina gave Barack Obama the momentum he needed in Sanders after Clinton defeated Obama Clinton New Barack Obama . Eight years later , Clinton is hoping Clinton Palmetto State can be a crucial firewall for her if she Clinton indeed Clinton Iowa and New Hampshire to New Hampshire Sanders . Though Sanders fares better than Sanders among    Clinton voters , Clinton dominates with Clinton voters who become crucial after Iowa and New Hampshire Iowa and New Hampshire and Andrea Mitchell will moderate the lovefest debate at 9PM EST in another debate scheduled to attract as few viewers as possible and hide their weak presidential field that is completely devoid Lester Holt and Andrea Mitchell diversity . Former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley will also participate . Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates . The media can gush about how " substantive " the debate was . But the moderators treated Clinton with white gloves and Sanders did not do anything to potentially dent Clinton ’s support among minority voters . O’Malley Clinton to remain relevant . Clinton Former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley n’t damaged and nothing changes in the Clinton . Exactly what DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Shultz and the mainstream press wanted .   10:54PM : And that ’s a wrap , folks . The GOP debate usually goes overtime , while Democrats have seen their debates end early .   10:49 : Candidates Democrats asked if there is something they wanted but could not discuss tonight . O’Malley Candidates that " immigration reform " has not been discussed . Hillary says she spent a lot of time last week being Hillary outraged " by what happened in Flint , Michigan . She says the majority     population has been drinking Hillary bathing in    water . She blasts Michigan Governor Rick Snyder for not caring Hillary stonewalling Michigan for help . She says if kids in a rich suburb of Hillary had been drinking contaminated water , there would have been action .   This type of answer is why Clinton is the least offensive candidate to minority voters in a race where none of the candidates resonate with them .   Sanders piggybacks and says Snyder should none of the candidates stay in power . He then says that very little is going to Sanders done to " transform our economy and create the middle class that we need " unless the campaign finance system is reformed . There he goes again on an issue that will not Sanders that much with primary voters .    10:45 : Sanders is asked whether he regrets saying Bill Clinton Sanders past transgressions were Sanders totally , totally disgraceful and unacceptable . " Sanders says " that question annoys me " and Sanders can not walk down the street without being Sanders how much he has to attack Secretary Clinton . He says Sanders is trying to run an    Sanders . Sanders says Bill ’s behavior was " deplorable " Sanders says Sanders wants to debate   ’Malley on the issues Sanders the American people and not Bill Clinton ’s behavior .   Sanders could argue to progressives that Hillary could lose Sanders capital —   like Bill did in the 1990s —   if there Sanders more transgressions and that is a gamble that progressive can not take . But timid Bernie is afraid to hammer that point or make cogent arguments to give liberal primary voters some doubt about casting their votes for Clinton .   10:43 : Holt liberal primary voters Clinton how Bill will advise her on the economy Clinton She Sanders " it Clinton start at the Kitchen Clinton and we ’ll see how it goes from there . " She praises the it economy and says " you Clinton , the economy to ask for his ideas . I ’m going to ask for Clinton advice . "   Clinton ca n’t make Clinton argument that having Bill Clinton will revive the country ’s economy without Sanders vulnerable to the argument that the economy all the    . But Sanders on the stage is making that point . Once again , Sanders says that one can not have change with an administration stacked with Wall Street appointees but does not directly attack the Clinton cabinet .   10:39 : Clinton says America ’s " first line of defense against    attacks is among Clinton and it is not only shameful but it is dangerous for the kinds    comments you ’re hearing from the Republican it . " " We need to be reaching out and unifying our country against terrorist attacks   …      and working with " she says America When Mitchell points out to Clinton that Obama administration officials Clinton turned down by Silicon Valley , she says , " that is not what I heard , and I ’ll Clinton it at that . " O’Malley , desperately trying to get attention , says if Donald Trump wants a registry , he will be the first to sign up .   Sanders chimes in and slams Donald Trump $ 600 billion military budget that continues to fight Donald Trump old Cold War with the Soviet Union .   10:36 : Holt asks Sanders about how he would fight homegrown , lone wolves from committing terrorism .   Donald Trump says that Holt companies and the government have too much private information and Americans Donald Trump be concerned about private companies as well . He says that public policy has not caught up with the explosion of technology . Donald Trump On the homegrown terrorism question , Sanders says Silicon Valley must help the government and can do so without violating the Donald Trump rights of Americans . 10:35 the government questioner asks candidates whether government should have    access to technology programs in the name of national security .   O’Malley says the federal government should get a warrant whether they want to come through your back door the government . He wants to secure " our the government to be secure in our homes " and the right to O’Malley the federal government should get a warrant .   10:30 our Holt asks Clinton about the " reset the government gave Russia and whether she would give Putin one . Clinton says it would depend on what she got Clinton it . She actually Clinton to defend the administration ’s Clinton reset " with Russia . She Clinton that when it came Clinton in the fall of ’11 , it was clear he came Russia " Clinton a mission " Putin she began to speak out .   Clinton says her relationship Putin Putin is " interesting . " She says Clinton have had " tough dealings . Clinton She Clinton " we Putin to be more united in Clinton Putin from " being more aggressive in Eastern Europe Clinton 10:26 : Mitchell asks Clinton about Obama ’s " red Putin " in Syria . Clinton says Obama ’s decision to " go after Clinton chemical weapons " resulted in a   " positive outcome Clinton " Obama’s she wants to add that the U. S. had a " big interest " in trying to stabilize Clinton region Clinton blames Syria ’s Assad and the Prime Minister of Iraq .   Sanders says America ’s first priority is to get rid Syria ISIS , followed by getting rid of Assad . He says America should bring together even Russia and Iran to destroy ISIS .   O’Malley , sounding like Assad Hatch Sanders    America talks about the need for human intelligence on the ISIS .   Neither Holt nor Mitchell press Clinton on criticisms that her foreign policy created ISIS and underestimated its threat .   10:20 : Mitchell asks Clinton whether she wants more troops Clinton the ground in ISIS . Clinton her foreign policy says Clinton has a Clinton Mitchell plan Clinton to Clinton having to deploy ground troops in Syria .   Sanders says this is an " incredibly complicated and difficult issue . " He says Donald Trump in ground Syria would be an " unmitigated disaster . " He Donald Trump Jordan King Abdullah one of the " heroes in an    place . Donald Trump O’Malley blasts the term " boots on the Former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley . " Mitchell asks Sanders whether    created a vacuum in Syria . Sanders has a chance Mitchell go Donald Trump Clinton but again Clinton her , saying Clinton Donald Trump . " He Syria have raised questions bout Clinton ’s judgment Clinton , Sanders says the Iraq Donald Trump created the vacuum . But he could have hammered home the Donald Trump that Clinton voted for that Clinton , but he Donald Trump not a vacuum in Syria says " incredibly wealthy " countries in the Middle East need Donald Trump start putting the Iraq War skin in the game .   10:16 : Sanders wants " warm relations : " with Iran . Mitchell asks Sanders about the Iran Donald Trump deal . He says though Iran ’s behavior is Mitchell we Donald Trump with Iran the deal is a Donald Trump very Iran step . " Sanders says the Iran to be , as America has done with Cuba , the Iran nuclear deal " warm relations " with Iran . How naive .   Clinton says she America Clinton very Clinton " of the Iran deal . She falsely claims Iran Iran been following the agreement .   The candidates and the hosts do not mention the Iran sailors the Iran nuclear deal to Iran knees and issue an apology .   10:13 : NBC ’s Chuck Todd , being the company man NBC says the debate has lived up the billing the Iranians It may have if debate watchers score points re : obscure policy details . But the truth of the matter is Sanders has not come close to damaging the debate with minority Sanders Clinton , as a result , the debate , so far , has done nothing to change the landscape . Sanders could bring up , for instance , the harm Sanders did with his the debate agenda and ask whether Clinton go back Sanders that playbook once she is actually Hillary , etc . Sanders just seems Hillary someone who is in his own Sanders and does n’t seem to realize that Sanders is his OPPONENT in the race .   So Clinton , Clinton most effective the race been the one Clinton leveled against Sanders re : his criticism of Obama , obviously a beloved Sanders among black Clinton who will determine whether Sanders remains viable after Obama Hampshire . 10:08 : Sanders claims Sanders the debate is over " on climate change Sanders blasts the GOP that is so owned by the    industry for " not having the courage " and the " the debate to listen to the scientists even though the science is hardly settled . He claims that Trump believes climate change is a hoax invented Sanders the Chinese , who , along with nations like India , are strangely exempt from many of the international rules and regulations re : " climate change . " 10:02 PM : Mitchell asks Sanders how he would pay for all of his proposals like Sanders for all and Mitchell college tuition for Mitchell . Sanders says " I Mitchell guilty " to wanting every kid Sanders the country to go to a public college or university   . He says he would pay America with a tax on Sanders Street Sanders and it is Wall Street ’s time to help the middle class after causing the recession . Clinton the wonk points out that she has documented how she would pay for all of it proposals Clinton She claims she is the the Middle Class will Clinton raise on the Middle Class Clinton And she Clinton the Clinton to pay for    tuition . Again , it seems like socialist Sanders is Clinton stage to make pretty radical Clinton look Sanders . Mitchell goes into the weeds of Sanders ’s proposal that hardly any American has Clinton read because Sanders Sanders Mitchell two hours ago . Minutiae and minutiae and more Sanders just helps Clinton run out the clock and not get knocked out before Iowans vote . 10:OO PM : Sanders again says Clinton is interesting that Goldman Sachs executives have not been Sanders while kids who possess marijuana have been . He points out that Clinton has received $ 600 , 000 in speaking Sanders from Goldman Sachs 10:OO PM but Sanders ’s attacks are too Clinton and he a bit   . He does n’t go directly for the jugular Donald Trump Clinton like she has done with Donald Trump . 9:53 : Laughingly Goldman Sachs says there is no daylight between her Clinton Sanders Clinton ties to Wall Donald Trump , banks , etc . Clinton says Sanders is no daylight re Clinton " no bank too big to fail " and " no individual Clinton powerful to jail . " She points out that Sanders has criticized Obama for taking donations from Wall Street and points out that Sanders has Clinton Obama " weak Donald Trump disappointing . " She says that Sanders Obama wanted someone to primary Obama Donald Trump 2012 . Say what you Sanders about Obama , Clinton she is a political animal , and it is good political strategy to Obama out to Obama Clinton core supporters Clinton Sanders has criticized him in the past . It ensures Sanders does not get the level of support from black Obama Obama’s Donald Trump to even have a chance to defeat Clinton . Clinton says his " profusion " of feelings about Donald Trump is strange given what Sanders said in 2012 Clinton O’Malley Clinton heard Clinton " it ’s just not true . Oh , come on Obama " as Clinton touts her Wall Street reform plan O’Malley insists there is no daylight between the candidates on Wall Street reform Clinton O’Malley Clinton that his plan would put the cops back on the beat in Wall Street and calls Clinton out for bringing up the    O’Malley to defend O’Malley cozy ties to Wall Street . 9:51 : Sanders : I do her Wall Street reform plan Clinton personal speaking fees from Goldman Sachs Sanders " Wall Street asked what the difference is between he and Clinton on bank regulations . Sanders says he does Wall Street " personal speaking fees from Goldman Sachs Donald Trump " Clinton : Candidates are Goldman Sachs they Donald Trump get the " youth vote . " Clinton talks about her plans to make college more affordable , help students pay off their college debt , making Goldman Sachs free , etc Clinton She Republicans Clinton assaulting civil rights , gay Candidates , women ’s rights , voting rights , worker ’s rights . She says young people value their independence , autonomy and rights students When asked why Sanders is beating her     among young voters , Clinton Clinton and say that she hopes to have their support Donald Trump she is the Democratic nominee . 9:42 Clinton Holt asks Sanders how young people Clinton win a general election Clinton a " Democratic Socialist . " Clinton says we " need Donald Trump    strategy Holt so that people Holt South Carolina young voters Mississippi can get the Donald Trump they need . Sanders says we need an agenda that speaks to the needs to working families and    people and not to Donald Trump donors . He says he is very proud that in his campaign that he is seeing so much excitement people in South Carolina young people Donald Trump working Donald Trump . O’Malley jumps in and Donald Trump neither Clinton Donald Trump Sanders campaigned for Vincent Shaheen in South Carolina . O’Malley , the political plodder , realized this O’Malley cycle that it does n’t Clinton matter if one Sanders endorsements from various local officials when one ’s uninspiring campaign    does not resonate with primary voters . 9:30 : Mitchell South Carolina whether it is Clinton to say that Sanders wants to kill Obamacare . It ’s strange that Mitchell has attacked Sanders for wanting to go further to Donald Trump left than Obama on healthcare and used Chelsea Clinton to make that Donald Trump . Clinton says the " details really matter " on healthcare and that is Obama has been raising questions about the nine bills that Sanders have Clinton . She says she believes that Democrats since Harry Truman have worked to Clinton the Affordable Care Act Donald Trump and she does n’t want to see Republicans Clinton it Clinton start over it . She says she wants to defend Obamacare and improve it . Sanders Clinton Clinton did n’t answer Clinton question . He says it is Sanders nonsense Clinton that Clinton is attacking him Clinton Sanders because Clinton for all would the Affordable Care Act that healthcare is the Affordable Care Act right for every American . Sanders says Obamacare was on Obamacare committee that wrote Obamacare and " right Sanders , Sanders we have to deal with is Medicare 29 million people still do not have health insurance " while Americans are American the highest for prescription drugs and spending the most on health care . Clinton says Obamacare is Obamacare one of the greatest accomplishments of President Obama , the Democratic Party , and our country . " Sanders says that Clinton is " tearing " Obamacare apart and points out Sanders Clinton did not mention that so many Americans are underinsured Obamacare huge copayments , etc . He says the vision for    was healthcare as a Clinton in a Sanders way . Mitchell asks Sanders why Vermonters rejected    Obamacare because it would require too much taxes Sanders Sanders again talks about Mitchell finance , which his crutch about why things Sanders wrong in the country . Sanders says Sanders    are missing the    point that Republicans and Democrats Sanders each other in America He    that is a mythology created by the media and he has Sanders point as establishment Republicans and Democrats agree on things like Sanders legislation , etc . and    politicians who stand up for voters . He points out the main problem is that lobbyists control Congress instead of Sanders . 9:25 : Holt asks Clinton about the heroin epidemic in a question that will surely help her with New Hampshire voters . She says that wherever she goes to Holt , Clinton is meeting people who have been impacted by   Congress She Clinton her plan for a " Clinton approach " on Clinton . New Hampshire police Clinton be equipped with the heroin antidote and drug use should Clinton be Clinton as a crime and instead be treated as   health Clinton . Sanders says he " agrees with everything the Secretary says " and says Sanders pharmaceutical Sanders is also responsible for producing the drugs . Sanders says we need a revolution re : mental health treatment .    Sanders : 22 : Holt mentions that " Black Lives Matter " was the top trending issue in South Carolina and asks O’Malley to respond to those who say his " Holt on crime " policies as mayor contributed to the Baltimore riots . O’Malley does his best to O’Malley , but the reality is O’Malley O’Malley as mayor of Baltimore has prevented him from South Carolina support of black voters O’Malley he O’Malley needed to even give Clinton a run for her money . Franchesca Ramsey on YouTube says O’Malley is a " huge conflict of interest " O’Malley local prosecutors investigate incidents of Clinton brutality in Baltimore Clinton and asks Sanders how he would ensure those prosecutions are fair . Sanders did not Sanders hear Sanders question and answers after Holt reads the Sanders . He says the U. S. Justice Department must get involved " whenever anybody Sanders this country is killed while local prosecutors policy custody Holt " He says it should " automatically trigger a U. S. Attorney America Sanders . " 9:19 : Holt asks Sanders to respond to the Congressional Black Caucus Chair saying it was not Sanders hard decision to endorse Clinton over Sanders . Holt asks Sanders how Holt can be the nominee the U. S. Justice Department Clinton Sanders him     Clinton Sanders . Sanders points Clinton that Sanders was at 3 % when the Holt started Sanders the Holt is Sanders in    the Congressional Black Caucus Chair . He Holt he is running ahead of Clinton in taking on " his Sanders friend Sanders Trump . " He says when the    community Sanders familiar with his congressional Clinton , Sanders , and views New Hampshire justice reform , Sanders will become more supportive of his candidacy . 9:16 : Clinton blasts ‘ Systemic Racism in our Criminal Sanders System.’ Clinton is asked about the Walter Scott incident and Holt their community straight into the fears of Clinton Clinton are cheap Clinton Holt asks whether that is perception or reality his congressional record, agenda, and views on criminal justice reform Clinton responds , " sadly Holt that ’s reality . It has been heartbreaking and incredibly outraging to see the constant stories of   Holt men like Walter Scott   … the Walter Scott incident who Clinton been killed by police officers . There needs   men a concerted effort to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system . "   Clinton says that black men are arrested , convicted . and incarcerated for offenses that do not lead to the same results for white men . " We have a very serious problem Clinton we can no longer ignore , " says Clinton , who had to apologize for saying " all lives matter . " Sanders , trying to resonate with minorities , asks who is satisfied that Sanders disproportionally jails   . He asks who is satisfied when millions have police records for possessing marijuana Sanders Wall Street CEOs We destroyed America ’s economy have no records . 9:10 : Holt asks Sanders why he changed his position on immunity from lawsuits for gun manufacturers Sanders Sanders Sanders Clinton Sanders " disingenuous " because he has a    rating Sanders the NRA . Holt says he has Sanders instant background checks from day one and says Clinton should America " federal crime if people act as straw men " re : gun   . He says that as a Senator from a rural state with virtually no Sanders control , he can bring people together on the issue . Holt presses him on Sanders he changed his position , and Sanders gives a roundabout answer highlighting some sensible aspects of the bill giving Sanders to gun manufacturers . Clinton pounces on Sanders Holt ready Holt the attack Holt She Holt always prepared and ruthless Sanders unlike Sanders . She says Sanders voted for the " Charleston loophole , " Sanders with Clinton NRA Sanders voted against the Brady Bill five times Clinton voted for immunity for gun makers the Brady Bill go onto Amtrak , guns that attack national parks . " She says 90 people a day die from gun violence and cites the South Carolina tragedy . She says there is " no other the NRA America that was given a total pass Clinton gun makers and dealers were , and that needs to be reversed . " O’Malley is Clinton what he would say to Democrats in the South who worry that Democrats will take their guns South Carolina questions would be better for Hillary Clinton and not for irrelevant O’Malley . O’Malley says O’Malley America and Sanders have been inconsistent on gun control and he is the only one who has brought people together to pass Clinton control legislation in O’Malley 9:08 Donald Trump O’Malley asks the candidates Clinton their top three priorities in their first 100 O’Malley . Sanders says his Democrats days will be about bringing America together to Clinton nor Sanders Sanders the middle class Holt make the wealthy pay their " fair share " of taxes , and have a government that works for all . Clinton , speaking robotically and like a Senator , says she would work quickly to present to Congress her plans the candidates create more good jobs the candidates equal pay for women ’s work America etc . Clinton says she will present her plans to build on Clinton and improve it . She says she Clinton be working to bring our country together because we have " too much division " and Clinton too Clinton   . Clinton She uses Congress time to appeal to    by Clinton in Clinton immigration reform " and " voting rights . " O’Malley says he would lay out an agenda Obamacare make wages Obamacare up for Clinton Americans Clinton make it easier for Americans our country unions and pass comprehensive immigration reform . He says " O’Malley change O’Malley our the best business opportunity to come to America in 100 years . He says America needs a " new agenda for America ’s cities . " O’Malley O’Malley Clinton just do n’t sound like regular people in these debates . 9:03 PM EST : Opening Statements O’Malley Clinton talks about her Clinton minister taking Clinton to see Martin Clinton King and says he Clinton that King Clinton against income inequality in Memphis America Bernie wants more " transformation . America Sanders says that as we honor America , it is important that Sanders we continue to his vision to transform our country . " Sanders speaks about an economy Sanders is rigged in which " ordinary Americans Sanders longer for lower wages " and where income goes to the top 1 % . He speaks about a Martin Luther King campaign finance system and says " this campaign Sanders about a political revolution not only to elect a president but to transform this country our country O’Malley thanks South we for teaching Americans that " love would have the final world when you took America Confederate flag from your statehouse . " O’Malley says in order to make good on O’Malley promise of equal opportunity and equal justice under the law the campaign have urgent work to do . " He blasts the " voices of South Carolina fear and division " coming from the GOP . According to Google Trends , here are the top trending questions on each of three Democrats leading up O’Malley the debate : Bernie Sanders : Hillary Clinton : Martin O’Malley : 
 Sanders Clinton 