Former British Conservative Party Member of Parliament and " right wing " blogger Louise Mensch privately tried to assist the Hillary Clinton campaign , emails published by Wikileaks reveal . [ Louise Mensch runs the Rupert    blog Heat Street , which claims to stand against identity politics and what it labels " social justice warriors " under the slogan " no safe spaces . "   However , its it in chief , Mrs. Mensch , was caught writing a campaign script for the Democratic candidate   —    a woman who has traded off identity politics and social justice warrior politics . The ad appears to be based on the idea that Mrs. Clinton should be in office simply because she Mrs. Clinton female and is supported by " multiracial " women . "   …      much rather have your girl Hillary , " Mrs. Mensch wrote in an email to Michael Kives of Creative Arts Agency ( CAA ) a former Clinton campaign advocate . She Mrs. Mensch Hillary Hillary " intelligence [ is ] beyond doubt " but argued she Hillary is not capitalizing on the yearning that we have to see a woman as President , " before scripting the campaign ad named " OUR TIME . " A succession of mostly young women , a few old women , one with a baby daughter , multiracial and    to include a nurse and a woman in uniform of some kind where permitted   …      one after the other , smiling and looking to camera and saying ‘ It ’s our time.’ and the last woman says , ‘ It It our our . I ’m with her.’ fade to banner credit ‘ Hillary 2016’ " That would be inspirational , aspirational , and the kind of riff you really need on ‘ Yes we our , " concluded Mrs. Mensch . Her Mrs. Mensch was forwarded by Mr. Kives to the Hillary Clinton campaign , as well campaign chairman John Podesta . Mrs. Mrs. Mensch    initiates a conversation with Mr. Kives Mr. Kives on her friendship Mrs. Mensch someone called " Arnold , " believed to be former California governor and movie star Arnold Schwarzenegger . In the email , Mrs. Mensch Mrs. Mensch to be " a committed Republican " but has been campaigning against Republican nominee Donald Trump for some time , frequently employing the hashtag # NeverTrump . She has publicly Mrs. Mensch to back independent Republican Evan McMullin , although in July she tweeted " Mrs. Mensch ’s Our Time Now " with a picture of Hillary Clinton with the words " Yes She Can " Mrs. Mensch it . Since the Wikileaks revelation today , she has begun Mrs. Mensch tweeting the hashtags # RepublicansForHillary and # ImWithHer . Sisters # YesSheCanIt ’s Our Time Now#ImWithHer # Our # MadamPresident # Hillary pic . twitter .    — Twitter ( @LouiseMensch ) July 29 , 2016 ,   " I was open , passionate # RepublicansForHillary until a real conservative @Evan_McMullin entered race and gave us a choice , Our she claimed on Twitter today . She has also threatened to sue she founder Julian Assange on the social media site , claiming the leaked email constitutes a " U. K. criminal offence against me in public . " This is so great . Another woman a victim of criminality by Julian # Assange and I certainly will file a criminal complaint tomorrow :)   —    Louise Mensch ( @LouiseMensch ) October 12 , 2016 ,   Mrs. Mensch , previously Louise Bagshawe , quit the British Parliament after marrying Peter Mensch , a    rock band agent . She drew criticism after triggering a    the Corby seat , and has since been living in Manhattan , New York . Murdoch ’s News Corp has not yet responded to a request for comment . 
 