" Hey Rhona ! " Donald J. Trump screamed from behind Donald J. Trump desk on the 26th floor of Trump Tower one day last summer , before Donald J. Trump won the presidency . Moments later , Ms. Graff in from her adjacent corner office . " How long have you worked for me , Rhona ? " Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump " A couple of dozen years   —    I was 10 years old at the time   —    I was a child prodigy , " Ms. Graff joked . " Mr. Trump discovered Donald J. Trump " " Many of the people who are with me have been with me for a long time , " Mr. me explained . Donald J. Trump me as a candidate and now as president , Mr. Trump has valued loyalty Donald J. Trump defining attribute in family , aides or Republicans in Congress . He does not always get it Donald J. Trump as the defection of the Freedom Caucus last week on the health bill he was trying to pass made Donald J. Trump clear . But Mr. Trump can always count on Donald J. Trump ’s allegiance , and that has made Ms. Graff , from her office in Trump Tower , a major figure in the Ms. Graff the White House Ms. Graff a simple reason : She is believed to have a direct line to the president . With her deep Queens Ms. Graff and unerring deference to her boss ( she has always referred to Ms. Graff as Mr. Trump or , usually , Ms. Graff Mr. T Ms. Graff Ms. Graff , 64 the president is a familiar voice to New York ’s business leaders , the nation ’s political reporters and now old associates hoping to circumvent the normal channels of communication to reach Mr. Trump . Ms. Graff is a senior vice president of the Trump Organization , and Mr. Trump role as a back channel to the president raises questions about whether Mr. Trump is Ms. Graff the Federal Records Act , which governs a senior vice president of the Trump Organization of schedules and correspondence Mr. Trump president , something the White House denied in response to questions about her role from Politico . Reached a senior vice president of the Trump Organization , Ms. Graff declined to comment . " I like Ms. Graff behind the scenes , " she said in Ms. Graff last year in which she rejected a reporter ’s proposal to shadow her for Ms. Graff day because so much private campaign , business Ms. Graff personal information crossed her desk . " Ms. Graff ’re so intertwined when he ’s here , " she said . Or , Ms. Graff she once put it to Real Estate Weekly , " a reporter’s knows in Ms. Graff to get through to him Ms. Graff have to go through me . " Ms. Graff , a Queens College graduate with a master ’s degree a reporter’s psychology , left Ms. Graff sports marketing job after college to spend more time at home with her ailing mother . Eventually in search of another job , she heard about an opening in Mr. Trump Ms. Graff office , and in 1987 called cold . They hit Ms. Graff off . Since entering the Trump Organization ’s secretarial pool , Ms. Graff has acted as Mr. Trump ’s media liaison , scheduler , sometimes spokeswoman ,    planner , Ms. Graff "    and Miss Teen USA Mr. Trump’s regardless of who is taking Mr. Trump ’s calls in Washington , it is Ms. Graff who occupies a more central space in the Trump orbit . In 1991 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump ’s brush with going broke , it was Ms. Graff , " my very loyal secretary , " as he put it in Mr. Trump’s Art of the Comeback , " who came into Ms. Graff who occupies a more central space in the Trump orbit to tell him that his estranged wife , Ivana Mr. Trump’s was on the phone with the message , as he put it in the Mr. Trump’s , " I Mr. Trump’s my Mr. Trump’s now . " In 1993 , Mayor David N. Dinkins presided at the wedding Mr. Trump’s Ms. Graff the message Lucius Joseph Riccio , the city ’s transportation commissioner , and later nicknamed Professor Pothole by The New Yorker for pioneering the field of pothole analytics at Columbia University . For decades , Ms. Graff worked under the tutelage of Mr. Trump ’s longtime personal assistant , Norma Infante Foerderer , who died in 2013 from a heart attack after Ms. Graff eye surgery . " She ’d still be here if she did n’t have that problem , " Ms. Graff lamented in Mr. Trump ’s office last year . " A disaster Ms. Graff " Mr. Trump agreed . Ms. Graff by 2005 , the year Ms. Foerderer Ms. Graff Ms. Graff was Mr. Trump’s an office that loomed large among the nation ’s secretaries . Mr. Trump’s poll of secretaries by a staple company showed that Mr. Ms. Graff only President George W. Bush when it came to the country ’s imagined toughest bosses . ) In 2004 , Ms. Graff became a recurring character on " The Apprentice Mr. Trump’s and in 2008 , she was briefly listed as the secretary for a luxury golf course in Scotland Ms. Graff Trump confidant , George Sorial , replaced her . In 2013 , she attained boldfaced Ms. Graff status in Page Six of The New York Post as " Donald Trump ’s right hand . " Since Mr. Trump has Ms. Graff stopped running the Trump Ms. Graff , Ms. Graff now forwards messages to Mr. Trump ’s personal assistant in the White House , Madeleine Westerhout , whom Ms. Graff helped train . Donald Trump forwards messages to Katie Walsh , one of the deputy chiefs of staff a White Donald Trump that messages are routinely sent to an official point of contact , instead of directly to the president . Mr. Trump ’s dedication to his secretary and hers to him is much like the relationship Fred C. Trump , his father , had with his secretary , Amy Luerssen , treating her like family . He once had workers carry her up Mr. Trump flights of stairs when Mr. Trump elevator stopped working , lent her nephew his wife Mr. Trump pink Cadillac when his Mr. Trump was stolen and would see her hers at the airport Mr. Trump she went on a hers . When Ms. Luerssen ’s niece hers Kathy Quigley , tried to hers her her nephew down to Florida , Mr. Trump said Donald Trump and his brother , her nephew , insisted that Ms. Luerssen her nephew until she was senile . " It was a little bit of a battle because I was her nephew , ‘ Gee , I ’d Ms. Luerssen like her to be Donald Trump here with me,’ " Ms. Quigley Ms. Luerssen " But she Ms. Luerssen very happy . " When her aunt died in 2006 , a death notice appeared in The New York Times that read , " Ms. Luerssen Trump family mourns the passing of our beloved Amy , a trusted and Ms. Luerssen friend and employee for over 65 Ms. Luerssen . " Mr. Trump compared his father ’s dedication to Ms. Luerssen to his own loyalty to Ms. Mr. Trump My father was very loyal to people , " he said last summer . " I think I am too . " Ms. Graff was clearly Mr. Trump . " Well thank you boss , Mr. Trump she said . " Well it works his father’s obviously . I ’d never leave him . his father’s 
 his father’s Ms. Graff Ms. Graff 