  ( CNN ) Special counsel Robert Mueller met on Capitol Hill with the leaders of the Senate intelligence committee Wednesday afternoon , a    connection as lawmakers and federal investigators plot a path forward on the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election . Special counsel Robert Mueller met with Senate intelligence chairman Richard Burr and Sen. Mark Warner , the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee , in a secure room .    Burr told CNN they Senate intelligence chairman Richard Burr and Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the committee a " good meeting " with Special counsel Robert Mueller . Burr Burr been pressing for the meeting with a "good meeting" with Mueller first Burr a month ago . The two sides have been discussing " deconfliction "     or how the Senate investigation and the federal probe will share information and not step on each others’ toes .   A major test on that front will be whether the FBI is willing to release memos from former FBI Director James Comey of his conversations with President Donald Trump , now that they have been provided to Mueller . Asked about the Comey memo , Burr said the former FBI Director James Comey got " clarity " the Comey memo it can obtain the document , but the Comey memo would not say whether that means Burr committee will receive it . Burr the Comey memo he did n’t the Comey memo they Burr meet in Burr with Mueller again , but would be Mueller touch if deconfliction issues arise . " I do n’t think it ’s necessary for us to meet ( again ) , " Burr said . " I think we ’ll Burr in communication personally with him us any aspects that might bleed over Burr one to the other . "   Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats will meet with members of the committee Thursday , one week after his tense grilling by the panel .   Burr committee source confirmed Wednesday that Coats would testify in a closed session . National Intelligence Dan Coats Coats’ appearance comes after he promised to answer questions about whether Trump pressured him to rebut stories about the focus of he federal Russia probe . Coats largely declined to answer those questions in National Intelligence Dan Coats public hearing last week questions about whether Trump pressured him to rebut stories about the focus of the federal Russia probe he said he would say more in a he session he he received clearance from the White House . he Security Agency Director Mike Rogers was on the Hill Monday for a similar    briefing with Senate Russia investigators on whether he was pressured by Trump . 
 he 