While speaking at the May 20 NRA Leadership Forum in Louisville , Kentucky , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump called on Hillary Clinton to release a list of justices Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump would consider naming to replace Second Amendment stalwart Antonin Scalia . [ Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump pointed out that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has released a list of 11 justices from which Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump would pick a replacement for Scalia and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump urged Hillary Clinton to do the same .   On May 10 , Huffington Post reported that Hillary Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin admitted that Hillary Clinton " believes District of Columbia v Heller ( 2008 ) was wrongly decided " and Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin thinks " cities and states should have the power to craft common sense laws to keep cities and states residents safe . " Trump pointed to Hillary Clinton criticism of this crucial SCOTUS decision and made clear that she Hillary Clinton wants to reverse Heller . "   Trump expounded , saying , " Hillary said ‘ the Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment . ’ " Trump Trump stressed that control of the SCOTUS one of the " biggest reasons " to win in November . He Trump , " The next president is going to appoint from 3 to 5 judges . " He Trump that if Clinton gets to appoint judges , she will Clinton abolish the Second the Second Amendment He Trump , " I put forth a list of judges who will protect and defend all of our freedoms , including the Second Amendment . the Second Amendment follow the Constitution judges who will protect and defend all of our freedoms, including the Second Amendment He Trump , " Now , I ’d like to call for Hillary Clinton to put together a Clinton . Because I ’d like to see who that list [ of justices ] consists of . And you will see it ’s day and night , and her list will not be good for Clinton in this room . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him AWR Hawkins at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 AWR Hawkins 