This article first appeared in the Guardian :   Stein , has seen a lot of elections but none like this . " It has been an extremely strange year , " says the     who got his start as a speechwriter for Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford . Stein has never voted for a Democrat , but he is appalled by Trump ’s    trade rhetoric Stein he says could lead to a trade war . Stein Clinton probably has a better grasp of things , Stein thinks . Bernie Sanders , on the other Stein , is " willfully ignorant " . " I have seen a lot of elections and I have never seen anything like this . It seems to me it is a testament to the complete collapse Stein education that people can have such preposterous policies as an end to free trade and think that ’s going to help America . It ’s just startling that : a ) the candidates know so little and b ) that the voters have not been better informed about this . The American education system is in a state of freefall collapse so that certainly explains a lot , " he says . [   …     ] In terms of raising tax on the rich , frankly , I think that ’s a good idea . The rich in this country are really , really rich . And America pay more tax . Whether that ’s going that be enough to substantially affect the deficit is very , very questionable . I applaud Mr Sanders for wanting to seriously raise rates on the rich . That is something that should happen . If he did it , there would be a lot of Mr Sanders and screaming but I do n’t think the deficit would be affected very much . [   the deficit ] I do n’t think the regular folks   —    of course , I do n’t know that many regular folks   —    but I do n’t think the regular folks know much about the economy or about how trade works . If the regular folks think that China came along in the middle of the night and stole all their jobs , then nothing could be further from the truth the regular folks It ’s just nonsense . I think Trump is popular because he says : I am going to go to China and Trump those jobs back . But he is not China to be all their jobs do that . And Trump attempt to try would be a disaster . You can read the rest of the story here . 
 