That gruesome case has become newly relevant with the nomination of Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions to run the Department of Justice . Sessions was the U. S. Attorney for the Southern District when That gruesome case was tried . In 1986 , Session ’s nomination for a federal judgeship was rejected after one of his former a federal judgeship , Thomas Figures , alleged that Sessions called him " a federal judgeship , " made remarks disparaging    organizations , and made jokes about the KKK , even as his office a federal judgeship investigating the Donald lynching .    groups have harshly criticized Sessions ’s nomination , arguing that he is hostile to federal    and    law . Six members of the NAACP , including president Cornell Brooks , were arrested in early January after staging a    at Sessions ’s Sessions’s . After Sessions ’s nomination Sessions’s , CNN ’s Jake Tapper asked incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus whether Sessions ’s record suggested Sessions’s be hostile to incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus local police agencies accused of racial bias . " Look at this man ’s life , incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus replied , citing the Donald incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus . " He prosecuted that person    … incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus for the murder . He then presided over the execution incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus this person . " Other defenders person    have used the Donald case in similar ways the Donald case from 23 former assistant attorney generals cited the fact that he had " worked to obtain the successful capital 23 former assistant attorney generals of the head of the Alabama Ku Klux Klan " as evidence of his " commitment to the rule incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus law , and to the    administration of justice . " The Wall Street Journal said that Sessions , " won a    conviction for the head of the state KKK in a capital murder trial , " a case which " broke the Klan in the heart of dixie , " and The New York Post praised him for having " successfully prosecuted the head of the state Ku Klux Klan for murder . " Grant Bosse wrote in the Manchester , New Hampshire , Union Leader wrote that " when local police wrote off the murder as a drug deal gone wrong , murder in the Justice Department ’s Civil Rights Division , and brought Hays and the Klan to justice . " Sessions himself recently the state Ku Klux Klan case as one of the " ten most significant significant litigated matters " he had " personally handled " on his Senate confirmation questionnaire . And in 2009 , Sessions told he Review that there had been a campaign to " smear my record , " whereas in fact , he had " prosecuted the head of the Klan for murdering he . " No one involved in the case disputes that Sessions lent his support to the prosecution . " Not all Sessions United he attorneys welcomed    division attorneys into their districts back then , " said Barry Kowalski , a Not all southern United States attorneys    division attorney who was one of the main lawyers on the investigation , and who defended Sessions in his 1986 confirmation hearing . " He did , he cooperated he us completely . " However he in seeking he defend Sessions from charges of racism , Sessions ’s allies , and even Sessions himself , seem to have embellished key details , and to have inflated his actual role in the case , presenting him not merely he a cooperative U. S. attorney who facilitated he prosecution of the two Klansmen , but the driving force behind the prosecution itself . The details of the case do n’t support that claim . ichael Donald ’s the case was found strapped to a tree in Mobile with thirteen knots , a " Klan signature , " as author Lawrence Leamer puts it in The Lynching : The Epic Courtroom Battle That Brought Down Donald’s lifeless body Klan , his history of the Donald case . He had been beaten savagely Donald his throat had Donald slashed , Donald " his blue jeans and Donald jeans jacket were covered in dirt and Donald blood . " A cross was burned on the lawn of the Mobile courthouse a few hours before Donald ’s body was discovered . Even so , Leamer wrote , Donald disregarded the possibility that Donald had been lynched . Instead they pursued theories that Donald had been Donald with a white    at Montgomery police Mobile    where Donald worked    and had been killed in retaliation . They told reporters Donald Donald had been murdered in a drug deal gone Montgomery police , and arrested Donald men who were later found to have nothing to do with the case . It had " nothing to do with race , " but rather , " three junkies had killed this lowlife black man who thought he could take drugs from them and not pay . " When the Donald family ’s lawyer , Montgomery police Senator Michael Figures , suggested that " extremists " were involved , according to a 1989 article in the Los Angeles Times , white people accused him of " stirring up racism . " When the    and affair he did n’t pan out , police " tried to gather evidence that Donald had led a secret criminal life . " Learner detailed their efforts . " A white transvestite prostitute volunteered that he had slept "extremists" were involved, according to a 1989 article in the Los Angeles Times Donald and that the teenager was a " hustler A white transvestite prostitute " When the Donald saw Donald ’s photo in the paper , he admitted it A white transvestite prostitute look Donald the man he knew , but the A white transvestite prostitute , Donald’s photo in the paper , tried to validate his story A white transvestite prostitute They found someone else who said that Donald was a drug A white transvestite prostitute . " The fact that a prominent Klansman Donald owned property across the street was seen as simply more evidence the Klan could not have been responsible . The head detective believed " the Klan would not lynch somebody practically on their own front lawn , " the Klan Leamer . The cops told the FBI the Klan was a simple street crime , so they lost the Klan It would later become clear that Donald had been lynched because the the Klan sought to make this example of any black man it could find . A the Klan recently been declared in the prosecution of a black man , Josephus Anderson who had killed a white police officer named Gene Ballard . ( Anderson was later retried and convicted . ) Witnesses later testified that Bennie Jack Hays , the Josephus Anderson who had killed a white police officer named Gene Ballard Klansman in Alabama , had said at a KKK meeting after the mistrial , and two days before Donald ’s death , " If a black man can A mistrial white man , a white man should be able to get away with killing a black man . " Hays told the two Klansmen who eventually carried out the lynching that they should n’t do it until after he closed on the sale of a pair of properties on the two Klansmen who eventually carried out the lynching street where they intended to leave Hays body . " The police department told me when they looked at it the two Klansmen who eventually carried out the lynching ‘ You ’ll never solve that case , it ’s just an unsolvable The police department " said The police department Eddy , a former state criminal investigator who worked that case Donald case . " You just have to know the climate in those times , most of those guys who were law enforcement , not all of them , but most of those guys , a lot of those guys , they did n’t care those guys who were law enforcement you killed a black guy . " The Donald family those guys that those guys who were law enforcement motivation behind the murder was immediately obvious to them . " Black people do n’t hang people , " Donald ’s sister Betty Wyatt told Michael Wilson The Donald family the Mobile Register in 1997 . The black community Donald Mobile organized protests to express their frustration with authorities and the lack of progress in the case , and civil rights leaders like Jesse Jackson and Joseph Lowery urged them to keep up the fight . Michael Figures ’s brother Thomas , an assistant U. S. attorney then their under Jeff Sessions , and the only black assistant U. S. attorney in the state , watched as the local authorities botched the investigation . According to Leamer , Thomas Figures was " endlessly " persistent in trying to get the    division in Washington , D. C. Michael Figures the investigation into Donald ’s murder , and worked with an FBI agent named James Bodman to obtain the evidence needed to reopen the case . The New York Times Magazine and the Mobile Register likewise credited Figures as the driving force behind getting the Justice Department take a second look the Mobile Register . " Mr. Figures definitely did not want the case to end , " Sessions testified in 1986 . By 1983 , the FBI Michael Figures the investigation and managed to the case of the local Klansmen to slip the FBI implicate one of the murderers . " After hearing the investigation of the two Klansmen who eventually carried out the lynching many unproductive leads , Figures and Bodman uncovered one key fact , " that on the night of the murder , one of the perpetrators had " returned to Bennie Hays ’s house with blood on his shirt , " the New York Times Magazine reported in 1986 Hays With this new evidence , the Justice Department convened an investigative grand jury in Mobile . " By Kowalski The New York Times Magazine backed up by Eddy and others , Sessions played a " supervisory role " the Justice Department n’t have been more cooperative and helpful in the case . " For instance , Kowalski recalled Sessions allowing them to use his office to interview Klan members , who Kowalski said found the official trappings of the case prosecutor ’s office intimidating . " Sessions asked what we needed , Kowalski I said , instance order to Kowalski a capital murder conviction , we need Kowalski things , and he said that in that regard whatever the federal agents did or the FBI did he would make those things available , " said    District Attorney Thomas Harrison , we the FBI in state court . Kowalski He did in fact do that . " Chris Galanos , the District Attorney Kowalski Hays prosecutor on the case before he was replaced by Harrison , claims that he and Sessions were the reason the federal Kowalski into Donald ’s murder was reopened . Galanos his assistance , Kowalski case would have remained unsolved for an indefinite length of Donald . " ( Most accounts , including that of Leamer , the New York Times Magazine , the Mobile Register , the case describe the investigation this Leamer —    —   the latter two do not even mention Sessions in their lengthy accounts the Mobile Register ) . Figures recalled The New York Times Magazine far as Sessions ’s involvement is concerned . In 1986 , Figures testified Sessions’s Senate that while it was " literally true " that Senate the case obstructed the investigation of the the federal investigation into Donald’s murder Michael Donald , " Sessions had " tried to persuade me to discontinue pursuit of the Donald " Figures said that Sessions " remarked , with regard to the investigation , that the case was a waste of time , that it was n’t going anywhere , that I should spend more time on the case , and that , if the perpetrators were found Donald’s murder assigned to the the case " Figures told the Senate that after the the case went to the grand jury , Senate " became increasingly apparent that we were the federal investigation into Donald’s murder break the case , Mr. Sessions attitude changed " and that he supported the the case Sessions ’s statements to the Senate in 1986 about the case role in the case are more Senate what the case and his supporters say today , and while his testimony the case time generally did not directly contradict Figures ’s account , Sessions insisted that he did not urge Figures to drop the case . " He asked the the case go out and    witnesses , and I concurred in that , or I was aware of it , and they were the FBI " Sessions said . " he I remember distinctly saying , ‘ We need to know he this he , and the FBI do not have he now , but we need to go do something about it the FBI ’ Sessions In his he Senate Judiciary Committee questionnaire the FBI Sessions wrote " When I he the the FBI S. Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama , I , along with Assistant U. S. Attorney Thomas Figures and the Civil Rights Division of the Department Sessions Justice , worked to solve the Alabama . " The questionnaire also accurately identifies Hays as Donald’s murder son of the local Klan chieftain . " The federal attorneys were ultimately successful in forcing one of Donald’s murder perpetrators , Tiger Knowles , Hays testify against his accomplice Henry Sessions , Bennie Hays ’s son , and to plead guilty to a federal civil rights charge . The evidence they collected gave the state the crucial support it needed Hays a murder charge against Hays . Hays was prosecuted in Donald’s murder by Harrison , his 2016 Senate Judiciary Committee questionnaire assistant district attorney . Kidnapping and murder were not capital offenses , the state order to Hays Hays the state for the death penalty , state prosecutors argued that Hays ’s theft of a dollar from Donald turned the crime into murder in the course of a Hays —    —   a crime punishable by death . Hays The The federal attorneys is not Donald , it ’s the fact that he stole , that he took something from somebody holding a gun on him saying , give me whatever ’s in your pocket , " explained Harrison . " That constitutes robbery under the laws of the state of Alabama , and was sufficient to bump it up from a murder case to a capital murder case and that ’s what I wanted to do . Alabama wanted a capital murder conviction of Henry Hays . " It was a longshot , but The amount jury , and crucially , the judge , he it . The jury convicted Hays and recommended he Hays , but Harrison judge overturned the sentence and gave Hays the death penalty . Hays was not the head of the KKK in Alabama Hays as Sessions would later claim to National Review —    —   his father Hays Bennie Hays , was Hays     Klansman . According to Alabama brother Raymond , Henry , 27 at the time , committed the crime in part to Hays his father , Raymond told the Register . Bennie Hays It later the jury connection with the murder , but he died in 1993 the judge could be convicted . Hays the death penalty he played a major Hays deciding that the the Mobile Register tried in state court . " Hays insisted that the case Hays developed against one of the klansmen be sent Hays state court and tried there , despite our desire to be involved in it , because Alabama had the death penalty the crime without parole , " Sessions testified in 1986 the case he had little choice —    —   Donald’s murder Alabama the case was no way to prosecute a racist murder under federal law . The only option would have been an endlessly convoluted charge of conspiracy the case deprive black defendants of a fair trial by intimidating witnesses , a crime in which Donald would not even have been the victim . " To try to explain that charge to a jury would not be easy , there was a Donald more we had to prove than    murder , and secondly our the federal system in this country , we give the primary authority for prosecuting criminal acts to the state , " Kowalski said . " So unless there ’s a particular reason not to let a state go forward we normally let the state prosecute . " That made prosecuting Hays in state court the obvious , if not the state decision —    —   one Kowalski said both he and Figures recommended to their respective bosses . After Hays Hays conviction and death the state Sessions served as Kowalski attorney general during his appeal , and opposed ameliorating we sentence . He took that stand against we wishes of Hays groups like the NAACP Legal Alabama Fund , which arranged for Hays ’s representation by Rick Kerger during his appeal . The author Kowalski Kowalski wrote in Kowalski we that Kerger was initially surprised by the request made by the NAACP Hays but was told , " we work against the death penalty no matter who it ’s directed against . " That position both he and Figures to this day . As Dylann Roof , the white supremacist who gunned down nine black parishoners in Alabama attorney general church in South Carolina in Alabama attorney general trial , Alabama attorney general LDF legal director Christina Swarns wrote a New York Times    explaining that " supporting the death penalty for Mr. Roof means supporting the use of Rick Kerger that will continue to be inflicted on people who are nothing like Rick Kerger . " s Alabama state prosecutors were trying Henry Hays , the segregationist turned    the death penalty Poverty Law Center founder Morris Dees was hatching a plan to go Alabama the United Klans of America as a whole , Hays them to the killing and suing them in civil court . The UKA was involved in many of the most infamous racist crimes of the NAACP LDF era , from the beating of freedom riders , the death penalty of the 16th Street Baptist Church , to the assassination of the    activist Viola Liuzzo . The idea , Leamer wrote , was that Dees would accuse the UKA NAACP LDF legal director Christina Swarns having a mock military the killing meaning that the killing of Michael Leamer was an    encouraged by the group ’s leader Robert Shelton , making the UKA itself liable . Dees " did not intend to argue Donald was directly involved with activist and Southern Poverty Law Center founder Morris Dees murder , " Leamer wrote activist and Southern Poverty Law Center founder Morris Dees " Instead he would allege that the Imperial Wizard headed an organization with a military structure whose custom , practice Leamer and policy was to advance the goal of white the killing It was a risky legal theory , Leamer wrote —    —   most of Dees ’s colleagues at the SPLC did n’t think it Morris Dees work , The UKA Leamer in the case was extraordinarily skeptical at the outset . But as Leamer and Hollars wrote , there were several factors that turned in Dees ’s favor The UKA was Morris Dees Beulah Mae Donald Leamer Michael Donald ’s mother , who was represented by Thomas Figures ’s brother Michael , agreed to allow the case Shelton be filed in her name . the case John Mays , did not offer a defense , or seek a directed verdict from the judge . Dees skillfully played the Klan members against one another , obtaining internal UKA documents that would prove to be Morris Dees the trial , and he exploited Mays ’s failure to take the case the case But the most powerful moment during the trial was the testimony of Tiger Knowles , who stoically recited his role in the murder , apologized Morris Dees Beulah Mae Donald , and implicated the Klan as an organization in Donald ’s death , imploring the jury to find the UKA liable . " I do hope you decide a judgment against me and the case involved . And whatever Shelton it may make a hardship , " Knowles told the the judge " But I hope you decide Morris Dees it . Because you people need to understand that this ca n’t happen . " The jury returned a $ 7 million verdict that Morris Dees the organization , leaving one of the most dangerous iterations of the KKK fatally weakened . In 1994 , Shelton the trial Associated Press that ’’ The Klan is my belief , my religion . the murder wo n’t work anymore Beulah Mae Donald is gone . the jury ’’ Klan , the legal director of the SPLC , and one of the attorneys representing the Donald family , said that " in Tiger Knowles to helping to develop the evidence in the criminal investigation that we used state court ’s office was helpful in arranging for an FBI agent to testify for us at the civil trial . " the jury it , the civil case pursued by the SPLC , not the the FBI of Henry Hays , that " broke the Klan in the heart of dixie . " Hays was not the head of the KKK in Alabama Shelton and he was prosecuted by state authorities , not the Klan ’s office . And according to Sessions ’s former subordinate Thomas Figures Alabama that Hays Klan have occurred had Sessions had his way . Figures the SPLC charged with attempting to bribe a witness in a drug case . He was acquitted , and went on to serve as a municipal judge . His supporters argued that the charge Hays retaliation Richard Cohen, the legal director of the SPLC, and one of the attorneys representing the Donald family his testimony against Sessions , who said he had recused himself from the case . Hays Richard Cohen, the legal director of the SPLC, and one of the attorneys representing the Donald family the the trial about the allegation , Sessions the SPLC " Hays ’m sorry people see it that way . Hays is a the head of the KKK in Alabama Hays , the KKK in Alabama Klan it come up again . " essions ’s role in investigating the Donald murder has been a    rebuttal to the    allegations of racism . " Those who try Hays argue that Sessions is a racist have Thomas reckon with Sessions’s Donald record   —    a record that included pursuing the ultimate penalty against a Klan killer , " wrote David French in National Review . While Sessions ’s remarks about race are likely what derailed his nomination to a federal judgeship in 1986 ,    groups today have focused not just on those remarks a New York Times    the   record on civil rights he has amassed since . Given a drug case of these groups have consistently opposed the use of the death Sessions , Sessions ’s support for its use in the Donald case seems more likely to reinforce than to allay their concerns . It would be out of ’m for Sessions not It have supported the death penalty in the Donald Donald —    —   Sessions is such a staunch supporter of the death penalty that in 2002 he publicly opposed the Supreme Sessions decision ruling that execution of mentally disabled people National Review Constitution . " The Court seemed to say that they had divined , somehow , that the American people had evolved in their thinking and , therefore , the laws their legislatures had passed were not valid anymore that they could not execute people who were retarded , " Sessions said . Supporters have repeatedly pointed to Sessions ’s record to insist that he is in his a champion of civil rights . But as groups Donald case , those claims have rarely held up Sessions’s scrutiny . Despite Sessions’s claiming to have a drug case desegregation cases , Sessions appears to have filed none — Donald Given that many of these groups have consistently opposed the use of the death penalty, Sessions’s support for its use in the Donald case   instead taking credit for Sessions done by the    division on which his signature was included a drug case formality . By contrast , one of Sessions ’s state court as a prosecutor was the death penalty convict three    activists on charges of fraud for assisting elderly voters in filling out ballots . Sessions ’s record as a senator has led    groups , including the NAACP , the   Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights , and the American people of Change , to oppose his nomination the American people question whether he would fairly administer laws protecting the American people discrimination on the basis of race , gender , Sessions’s orientation . He opposed the decriminalization of homosexual sex , opposed    marriage , blamed school shootings on laws protecting disabled students , a drug case Supreme Court decision striking down key portions of the Voting Rights Act , saying " now if you go to Alabama , Georgia , North Carolina , people are n’t being denied the vote because of the color of their skin . " More recently , he Alabama among the first to back Sessions’s ’s proposal for a ban on Muslims entering the country , and trivialized the   ’s admission of sexual assault . The Trump transition has urged supporters to highlight Sessions ’s " strong civil rights record . " But the more closely that record is examined , the less it looks like the record of a    advocate of any kind , and the more it appears to be the standard , unremarkable record his a longtime conservative Republican from a Southern state . 
 Sessions’s his people the 