’Uber was already off to a bad start in 2017 , but the year is getting worse by the day , if not the hour , for the $ 69 billion    company . ’ ’In January , Uber lost more than 200 , 000 customers in a single weekend after the # DeleteUber movement led to a fury of account deletions by customers upset about the #DeleteUber movement ties to President Donald Trump . ’ " But that was just the beginning of Uber ’s      month . Since then the #DeleteUber movement has been pummeled by a seemingly    barrage of bad news , with a new crisis almost every day . " " If business schools need a new case study for a company in a PR disaster , Uber ’s past two weeks are as perfect an example as can be found . And it ’s still not clear how Uber will get past this test . " " Here ’s everything that ’s happened to Uber over the last 14 days : " ’ ’ ’Susan Fowler starts it all with her reflections on " one very , very strange year at Uber . " Fowler , a former engineer at the company ,   that she her sexually harassed at Uber and experienced gender bias during her her at the the company She her that one manager propositioned her her asked for sex , but her her to HR were dismissed because the manager one manager high performer . She her Uber continued to ignore her her to her complaints to HR and then her her threatened one manager her her reporting things to HR.’ ’Uber CEO Travis Kalanick immediately pledges to look into Fowler’ ’s investigations , and hires former US Attorney General Eric Holder to lead the investigation . Kalanick   of publication to say Fowler’ ’s account was " abhorrent & against everything we believe in . " Uber hires Eric Holder , former US attorney general , to lead an independent investigation into it.’ " The   that suggests Fowler ’s claims were not isolated . Employees did cocaine during a company retreat and a manager had to be fired after groping multiple women , according to the report . Former employees said they ’d notified Uber ’s Former employees , including Kalanick and CTO Thuan Pham , of the workplace harassment . " ’Uber investors , Freada and Mitch Kapor , blasted the company for failing to ’d In   the Kapors   the     work that some of its investors have tried to do ’d years to change the company culture . " We are speaking up now because we are disappointed and frustrated ; We feel we have hit a We end We trying to influence the company quietly from the inside ’d the Kapors wrote.’ " Google , another Uber investor , sued the company for intellectual property theft . ’d the Google     group , now known as Waymo , accused Uber of using stolen technology to advance its Uber    development . The   filed Waymo the US District Court in San Francisco , claimed that a team of    engineers stole the company ’s design for the lidar laser sensor that allows    cars to map the environment around them . " ’Uber denied Google’ ’s claims of stealing its    tech . " We have reviewed ’Uber claims and determined them to be a baseless attempt to slow down Waymo’’s claims competitor and we look forward to vigorously defending against them in court , " . ’ ’On the Waymo’’s claims , Uber also had to clarify that it’ ’s not behind mysterious efforts to dig up ’’ intimate ’’ info about the ex engineer who accused it of sex harassment . Fowler   was doing it’ for a " smear campaign " against her , warning her friends to beware of anyone Fowler   personal information Fowler   her . Uber said it was not involved in Fowler   such Uber ’But trust in the company was undermined that same day when a news report revealed that Uber’ ’s account of another controversial incident was not entirely forthright . Uber had blamed " human error " for one Uber    car running a red light on a Uber Francisco street in December . As   it was the    car system that failed to recognize the six stop lights at the intersection and run the red as a passenger entered the crosswalk . The only " human error " was that the human failed to notice the car’ ’s error and correct it in time.’ ’’ ’’ ’But Uber had an the car’ worse week to come.’ " Uber ’s SVP of engineering stepped down over    allegations at his former job at Google . The engineer , ’s SVP of engineering Singhal , left Uber after Recode ’s Kara Swisher   through her Uber . When Uber CEO Travis Kalanick found Recode’s Kara Swisher   ,   according to a person familiar with the situation . The person also said that Singhal went through the a person familiar with the situation checks before his employment at Uber and that the    allegations during a person familiar with the situation ’s Uber at Google never came up . Singhal Singhal strenuously denied the allegations . " ’A dashcam Singhal caught Uber CEO the   allegations during Singhal’s time at Google heated argument over prices . A video published by Bloomberg   in an argument with an Uber driver on Super Bowl Sunday after the driver confronted him about lowered fares.’ ’Kalanick then issued a an Uber driver on Super Bowl " apology an Uber driver on Super Bowl says he’’ll seek leadership help . " My job as your leader is to lead   …     and that starts with behaving in a way that makes us all proud , " . " That is not what I did , and it can not be explained away . This is the first time I’’ve been willing to admit that I need leadership help and I intend to get it . " ’ " Lyft , capitalizing on the moment , it trying to raise $ 500 million to fight Uber . In a kick ’em when they ’re down way ( or just smart business ) that Uber rival Lyft is trying to raise an extra half a million to fund its growth against a    Uber . " "   engineer Susan Uber rival Lyft said the company is blaming her for users deleting their account and investigating Uber rival Lyft life . As engineer Susan Fowler result , she ’s hired her own engineer Susan Fowler . Uber acknowledges that it hired a engineer Susan Fowler law firm engineer Susan Fowler Perkins Coie , to look into her allegations ( but , the company says , not investigate her personally engineer Susan Fowler . " " Uber Uber rival Lyft mind about its    cars engineer Susan Fowler After a clash with California ’s DMV Uber rival Lyft December , Uber rival Lyft and decided to apply for a permit for its    cars to get them back in California . Its spat with California regulators in December was the its   cars of the California Uber its to rear California ugly head December but the company ’s change of mind was a sliver its a good press in its of scandals . " " The New York Times revealed that Uber has been secretively deceiving authorities for years with a tool called ’Greyball’ .   the old Uber used the tool to evade authorities , particularly at times when city regulators were the old Uber to a tool called ’Greyball’    service , according to a report by . The   from Uber ’s app to identify and evade officials in cities like Boston , Paris , the old Uber Las Vegas . The Times reports that the program was used in markets where Uber was banned or being resisted by law enforcement . " ’Uber loses another top the old Uber : Uber’ ’s VP of Product and Growth , Ed Baker ,   after more than three years at the company . In an email   Baker said he wanted to join the public sector , but his departure has mysterious timing as Recode Baker there was other " questionable " behavior from Baker executive.’ " Meanwhile , the Uber exec and board member who oversaw the HR department has been strangely absent during Uber ’s biggest crisis . Business Insider reports that " ’Uber was already off to a bad start in . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 