Hillary Clinton ’s advisers are talking to Donald J. Trump ’s ghostwriter of " The Art of the Deal , " seeking insights about Donald J. Trump ’s deepest insecurities as they deepest insecurities strategies to needle and undermine him Donald J. Trump four weeks at the first presidential debate , the most anticipated in a generation . Hillary Clinton’s team is also getting advice from psychology experts to help create a personality profile of Mr. Donald J. Trump gauge how he may Donald J. Trump to attacks and deal with a woman as his sole Donald J. Trump on the debate stage . They are attacks and deal with a woman as his sole adversary on the debate stage a    analysis of Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump the Republican primary debates , cataloging strengths and weaknesses as well as trigger points that caused him to lash out Donald J. Trump     ways . As Mrs. Clinton pores over this voluminous research with her debate team , Mrs. Clinton recently for several hours on Friday , and her aides continue searching Mrs. Clinton someone who can rattle her as a Trump Mrs. Clinton during mock debates , Mr. Trump is taking a Trump    tack . Though he spent hours with his a Trump    team the last a Trump    Sundays , the sessions were more freewheeling than focused , and he can barely conceal his a Trump    for laborious and a Trump    practice sessions . " I believe you can prep too much for those things , " Mr. Trump said in an a Trump    week . " It can be dangerous . You can sound scripted or phony   —    like you ’re trying to be someone you ’re not . " Rarely are debate preparations as illuminating about the candidates as a debate itself , but Mrs. Clinton ’s and Mr. Trump ’s strikingly different approaches a Trump    Sept. 26    are more revealing about their egos and battlefield instincts than most the candidates moments in the campaign . Mrs. Clinton , a deeply competitive debater , wants to crush Mr. Trump on live television , but a Trump    an avalanche of policy details she is searching for ways to bait him Mrs. Clinton making blunders . Mr. Trump , a Trump    supremely confident communicator , wants viewers to see him as a    political outsider and trusts a Trump    he can box in Mrs. Clinton on her a Trump    and honesty . He has been Mrs. Clinton resistant to his advisers’ a Trump    that he take part in a Trump    debates with a a Trump      . At their first session devoted Mrs. Clinton the debate , on Aug. 21 at Mr. Trump ’s club in Bedminster , N. J. the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham was on hand to offer counsel and , if Mr. Trump was game , to play Mrs. Mr. Trump’s said Trump advisers who spoke on the condition of anonymity Mr. Trump’s the debate preparations were supposed to be kept private . He declined . Instead , Mr. Trump asked a Trump advisers who spoke on the condition of anonymity of questions about debate Mr. Trump’s Mrs. Clinton ’s skills and possible moderators , but people close to him said relatively little had been accomplished . At that Mr. Trump’s , and another in Bedminster on Sunday without Ms. Ingraham , Mr. Trump was joined by Roger Ailes , who was Mr. Trump’s Fox News chairman last month over accusations of sexual harassment . Mr. Trump , in the interview , said he saw little Mr. Trump’s standing at lecterns and pretending to debate Mr. Trump’s opponent . " I know who I am , and it Mr. Trump’s me here , " Mr. Trump said , boasting of success in his 11 primary debate Mr. Trump’s in capturing the Republican nomination over veteran Mr. Trump’s and polished debaters . " I do n’t want to present a false front . I mean , it ’s possible we ’ll do a mock debate , but I do n’t see a real need . " Mr. Trump ’s certitude   —    " I know how to handle Mr. Trump’s " he said   —    reflects his belief that the debates will be won Mr. Trump’s lost not on policy points Mr. Trump’s mastery of details , which are Mrs. Clinton ’s strengths , but on the authenticity , boldness and leadership that the nominees demonstrate onstage . Mr. Trump is certain that he holds advantages here , saying Mrs. Clinton is likely to come across as Mr. Trump typical politician spouting rehearsed lines Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton , who can appear most at peace with a briefing book in her hand , there is no such thing as too much preparation . She met Mrs. Clinton’s Friday with key members of her debate team   —    the Mrs. Clinton’s Democratic operative Ron Klain , the Washington Mrs. Clinton’s Karen Dunn and her senior strategist , Joel Benenson   —    and delved into the campaign ’s Mrs. Clinton’s data on Mr. Trump and the likely questions and themes at the debate , according to two campaign advisers who requested anonymity to reveal internal campaign dynamics . In compiling research to help Mrs. Clinton prepare , her advisers have cast a wide net . They contacted Tony Mrs. Clinton’s the " Art two campaign advisers who requested anonymity to reveal internal campaign dynamics Deal "    to give them advice two campaign advisers who requested anonymity to reveal internal campaign dynamics Mr. Trump this summer   —    even though Mr. Schwartz ’s    immersion two campaign advisers who requested anonymity to reveal internal campaign dynamics Mr. Trump ’s life and homes ended in the   . But Clinton advisers said Mr. Schwartz Mr. Trump who had observed Mr. Trump up close , as well as unnamed psychology experts they had spoken to , were critical to Mr. Trump to get under Mr. Trump ’s skin . These Clinton unnamed psychology experts agree with Mr. Trump ’s belief that the debate will not be Mr. Trump a policy expert against Clinton advisers . Instead Mr. Trump campaign is preparing ways for her to unnerve Mr. Trump and provoke him to rant and rave . The Clinton camp believes Clinton Mr. Trump is most insecure Clinton his intelligence Mr. Trump net worth and Mr. Trump image as a successful businessman , and those are the Mr. Trump are working with Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump target . Mr. Trump Schwartz , in Mr. Trump interview , declined to comment about any conversations with the Clinton campaign , those he said Mr. Clinton be vulnerable if Mrs. Clinton proved to be calm , deliberate and relentless in attacking Mr. Trump ’s character Clinton volatility and readiness Mr. Schwartz be commander in chief . " Trump Clinton attention problems and simply can not take in complex information   Mr. Trump will be unable to practice for these debates , " said Mr. Schwartz , Mr. Trump was the subject of a New Yorker profile last month that portrayed Mr. Trump as Mr. Trump charlatan . " Trump will bring nothing but his bluster to the debates . He ’ll use    language , he will repeat himself many times , he wo n’t complete sentences , and Mr. Trump wo n’t say anything Mr. Trump substance . " " Even Mr. Trump , " Mr. Schwartz said Mr. Trump " Clinton Mr. Trump to be careful Mr. Trump —    she could get everything Mr. Trump and still potentially lose the debates if she comes off as too condescending , too much of a    . " Mrs. Clinton ’s advisers plan Clinton have one person prepare extensively to play Mr. the debates a series Clinton mock    in the days before the first debate , which will be Clinton University on Long Island . Mrs. Clinton ’s team is also taking a hard look at her vulnerabilities . Even supporters have often questioned the clarity and wisdom of the campaign ’s responses to uproars over Mrs. Clinton ’s Clinton and donations to the Clinton Foundation . There is hope Clinton the debate stage will allow her a chance to at last address such questions with more brevity and less Clinton The least comfortable task , though , will most likely be girding for personal attacks from Mr. Trump , who has Clinton an eagerness to resuscitate Clinton scandals   —    real and imagined   —    at virtually every opportunity . Allies have insisted that Mrs. Clinton will not shy away from preparing for the most painful insults , including a possible Clinton on her husband ’s infidelities . " She knows that it ’s coming , " said Jennifer Granholm , Clinton Michigan governor and a member of Mrs. Clinton ’s transition planning team . Mr. Trump said in the Clinton that he would " rather Clinton " attack Mrs. Clinton on personal grounds , including Bill Clinton ’s extramarital affairs . " If she hits Clinton though   —    you have to see what happens , " Mr. Mr. Trump said . It was this unpredictability Clinton made Mr. Trump an elusive target for fellow Republicans in the primary debates , Clinton Mr. Trump to Mrs. Clinton expressed concern that any false charges Mrs. Clinton Trump could rankle her . " This is a special challenge for Mrs. Clinton , who Mr. Trump rooted in the    world , " said Paul Begala , who helped prepare Mr. Clinton for debates in 1992 and 1996 . Mrs. Clinton is Mr. Trump than pol , so she might Mrs. Clinton especially frustrated by a steady stream of Mrs. Clinton , conspiracy theories and lies . " Around the Clinton campaign , the question of whom to cast as Mr. Trump has become something of a running a Trump    . Mrs. Clinton ’s allies have floated several options Clinton Representative Joseph the Clinton campaign , who is from Queens , where Mr. Trump grew up James Carville , Mr. Clinton ’s chief strategist in 1992 , who has a Mr. Trump’s or Mark Cuban , another billionaire businessman . All three are viewed as unafraid to say some humiliating things to Mrs. Clinton ’s face , as Mr. Trump may . At least a few Mrs. Clinton hands have suggested enlisting professional entertainers , like Jon Stewart or Alec Baldwin . Mr. Trump ’s search so far seems to be less Mr. Trump He said his daughter Ivanka could end up playing Mrs. Clinton . " Would n’t she be great at that ? " Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton Clinton Maybe . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his daughter Ivanka 