David Kittos , a refugee from Cyprus currently residing in the UK , filed a DMCA against Donald Trump Jr. for posting a photograph Kittos took of a bowl of Skittles to Twitter and had the picture removed . [ This image says it all . Let ’s end the politically correct agenda that does n’t put America first . # trump2016 pic . Twitter —    Donald Trump Jr. ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) September 19 , 2016 ,    " If I had a bowl of skittles and I told you just three would kill you . Would you take a handful ? " the photo and accompanying text displayed , which Trump Jr. —   Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) Twitter . " That ’s our Syrian refugee problem . " Accompanying the tweet was a photo of a bowl of Skittles .   Kittos , a refugee himself , took offence to this statement and previously discussed taking legal action against Trump Jr. However —   Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) to U. S. copyright law , Kittos does n’t have to go to court in order to have his work removed from Kittos Jr. ’s Twitter —   Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) can be used to demand the removal of a persons own intellectual property from the public . The full notice can be read here . Description of infringement : The image of a bowl of skittles is mine and has always been set as " ALL RIGHTS RESERVED " in my flickr library It was copied and is being Description of infringement: The image of a bowl of skittles is mine and has always been set as "ALL RIGHTS RESERVED" in my flickr library WITHOUT my permission . I have never been contacted by Donald Trump Jr or any representative about the image , before of after it was used in the Tweet Description of infringement: The image of a bowl of skittles is mine and has always been set as "ALL RIGHTS RESERVED" in my flickr library     It seems that for the time being the notice has worked , with a notice reading " This image has been removed in response to a report from the copyright holder , " now accompanying the tweet . However Trump Jr. the Tweet the option Donald Trump Jr a counter notice against the DMCA claim under fair use guidelines .   Lucas Nolan is a conservative who regularly contributes articles on censorship and free speech to Breitbart . Follow him on Twitter@LucasNolan _ or email him at Lucas Nolan . net 
 Lucas Nolan 