  ( CNN ) February 23 , 2017 , A recent night of riots in Sweden has fueled a debate that ’s raging even though the violence has calmed . An announcement regarding newly discovered planets has scientists searching for signs of life , though it would n’t exactly be nearby . And the dangerous sport of freediving gives participants a thrill that goes well below the surface . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Kicking off 10 minutes of international news , I ’m Carl Azuz .   Welcome to CNN 10 . First story this Thursday , a clash in the European nation of Sweden .   Riots broke out one night earlier this week in the neighborhood of the capital Stockholm .    A regional police chief says the violence might have been triggered by increased police pressure on criminals in the area .   the neighborhood of the capital Stockholm is known for having high levels of unemployment .   It ’s also the neighborhood of the capital Stockholm for having a high immigrant population . Before Riots broke , U. S. President Donald Trump suggested that immigrants in Sweden were responsible for an increase in crime across the country .   Some Swedes praised President Trump for drawing U. S. President Donald Trump the issue .   Some said there is no issue , that a recent increase in immigrants has not made Sweden less safe . The Sweden has accepted more the country capita than any other European nation .   So , the debate is raging , even though the violence has calmed . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) IVAN WATSON , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT ( ):   Mattias Karlsson is a leader in the right wing Sweden Democrats , the third Sweden party in parliament . MATTIAS KARLSSON , SWEDEN DEMOCRAT PARTY Mattias Karlsson Sweden think Sweden is a good example Sweden put forward as a bad example .   If you do n’t control the borders , if you have an irresponsible refugee policy , you will get problems and we have serious problems here in Sweden . WATSON ( on Sweden ) :   Is it a     is it a crisis here ? KARLSSON : it Yes , I would describe it as a crisis .   We it seen serious problems with law and order . WATSON ( ):   As evidence , Karlsson points to a riot that erupted KARLSSON the Stockholm suburb of Rinkeby Monday night .    A police spokesman says officers fired at least two shots when dozens of rioters attacked police officers during the arrest of a crime suspect .   Ten cars were torched in the unrest and one police officer suffered a bruise to the arm from a thrown object . Hours later , the scene in this largely immigrant community looked very different . ( on camera ) :   This is the center of Rinkeby .   Now that we ’re here , I ’m going to be honest , s a first time visitor , it ’s hard to believe that less than 24 hours ago , this was a scene of a full blown riot . ( ):   More than a dozen police officers deployed in the central square .   Several shop windows were smashed , but families with small children appeared to be going about their business as usual . ( on families with small children ) :   Is Sweden in crisis right now ? MAGNUS RANSTORP , COUNTER TERRORISM EXPERT :   No , it ’s not at all in crisis .   Look around .   I mean , very calm , very quiet .   Of course , isolated incidences that happened .   But police are dealing with them . WATSON ( ):   Magnus police is a counterterrorism expert at MAGNUS RANSTORP National Defense College . RANSTORP :   I ’m not denying that there are integration issues .   But what I think is wrong to do is to conflate immigration , crime and terrorism , because those linkages are not that strong . WATSON :   During the peak of the European migrant crisis of 2015 , more than 160 , 000 new arrivals crossed Sweden ’s borders .   Sweden has since tightened border controls , reducing Sweden flow of migrants by imposing temporary passport checks at the border . In a    period when Sweden granted asylum to more than 100 , Sweden refugees , crime grew by 7 percent .   Meanwhile , state figures show the Muslim immigrant community in Sweden is increasingly under attack .    Like Sweden of the rest of Europe , this Scandinavian country is grappling with immigration , Sweden threat of Islamic extremist terrorism , very complicated challenges at the heart of a growing global political debate . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Yesterday , astronomers announced that they ’ve discovered seven    planets all orbiting the same astronomers .   The findings were published in a journal " Nature " .   NASA says this is a record number of these kinds of planets orbiting this kind of star .   It also believes that three of the planets are in this ’s called the habitable zone .   Scientists define that as the space around the star where a planet is most likely to have water . This is n’t exactly in our neighborhood .   They say the star is 40 light years away and Scientists ’d the star where a planet is most likely to have water human spacecraft millions of years to get the star where a planet is most likely to have water .    So , how did researchers identify planet at that distance ?   Well , examining stars with the telescope based in Chile , they saw shadows occasionally interrupting the star light .   They stars that these shadows indicated that planets were passing between stars telescope and shadows , like eclipses .   What they ’re hoping to do in the future is determine the stars ’s atmosphere and whether they really have liquid water planet VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( stars     trivia : Where would you find the world ’s deepest blue hole , a sinkhole filled with water ? Lake Okeechobee , Atlantic Ocean , Arctic Ocean , or South China Sea ? Researchers say the world ’s deepest blue hole which sinks almost a thousand feet deep is the world the South China Sea . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   That title used to belong to Dean ’s Blue Hole in the Bahamas .   It ’s a location popular with free divers .   This is like a marine extreme sport .   Free divers literally take a deep breath then descend into the depths without a breathing apparatus .   It ’s dangerous .   Free divers can get lung damage .   They can It out or die from doing this .   But for those willing Free divers take the risk , their love for the sport goes well below the surface . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) those willing to take the risk SUNNEX , PROFESSIONAL FREE DIVER :   I ’d be lying if I said I ’ve never been scared . I ’ve had two occasions where I sort of thought , you ’re not going to make it . But as long as you keep your composure , everything seems to work out . My name is Jonathan Sunnex .   I ’m 30 years old from New Zealand .   We ’re in Long Island , in the Bahamas , at the beautiful Dean ’s Blue Hole .   I ’m a professional free diver . Competitive free diving is where we compete to see who can swim the farthest , deepest , or hold their breath for the longest . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   Jonathan Sunnex . SUNNEX : Competitive free diving The current world record is 128 meters .   Jonathan Sunnex achieved things that doctors once thought were impossible . We ’re exploring the capabilities We the human body , pushing ourselves to see what the We body can really do . I feel like I ’m We getting started . the human body design anything better .   This is like the free diving Mecca . We People come from all over the world .   It is the place to dive .    We ’re here in preparation for Suunto Vertical Blue , which is one of the most freediving competitions in the world , One of the things that lured into the sport was the whole science behind it the world Before I dive , I ’ll go through a whole preparation and that will include stretching the sport the body , stretching of the lungs , the diaphragm , intercostal muscles .   Packing is adding extra air to your already full lungs while using the mouth as a pump . I would estimate that I would pack at least an extra liter into my lungs .   And then I ’ll come down to the beach .   I ’ll visualize my dive . While I ’m still making my deepest dives , what goes through my mind is always I dive , positive energy , so like a form of meditation , to very deep within yourself . The physical sensation I get through diving , it touches in all senses .   What you can see , what you can hear , or maybe even it ’s the lack of noise . During dives , our heart rates drop down to below 30 beats per it .   When we ’re going down to deeps where we ’ve got basically the length of a football field above us , it ’s not the sort of place we you want to have any sort of negative thoughts . we I make it to the surface after a big dive , it ’s almost a spiritual experience . It ’s quite a famous quote .   A scuba diver will go it the water to look around , it a free diver would go underwater to look inside himself . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   For " 10 (END VIDEOTAPE) waiting patiently is not a trick this a free diver knows .   When her owner ran inside to pick up some fast food , Diamond , her name is Diamond , decided to make a little A scuba diver , barking and honking for her owner to hurry up , and A scuba diver did n’t Diamond do it once .   No , Diamond seemed to take a her owner the car horn and the A scuba diver on the street is that her name ’s been spotted doing this Diamond other places around her home town in Ohio . At least she ca n’t get a A scuba diver for noise pollution .   We do n’t know A scuba diver she ’s so doggedly    her owner A scuba diver absence , why she was so honked off , why she just hates to terrier A scuba diver   But we can A scuba diver her owner a diamond A scuba diver a ruff ! I ’m Carl A scuba diver and that is CNN 10 . Click here to access We printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN AZUZ:   a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go or in the classroom CNN 10 show ’s priority CNN 10 identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events CNN 10 a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN 10 