Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco said that Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco did n’t say Chris Crane " was n’t an ICE officer . I said Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco was not an ICE official . Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco was not advocating on behalf of ICE " and that Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco " worked with the agency . We worked with Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco . Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco gave We a list of recommendations , many of which I fought for " while stating that it ’s " absolutely true " Breitbart News is " not a credible source " on Friday ’s " Special Report " on the Fox News Channel .   Rubio was asked , [ relevant exchange begins around 4:50 ] " I just want to talk about one thing you said to Neil Cavuto about this ICE official Chris Crane , who was the head of this union . You said Rubio was n’t an ICE   officer , Rubio was a head of union , but Rubio actually was an ICE officer who had critical things to say about you . " Anchor Bret Baier then read from the response to Rubio ’s comments by former President of the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services Ken Palinkas where Palinkas said , " Chris Crane is an ICE officer , first . That ’s his job . There ’s no distinction   …      We are not a separate entity as union officials —   We are employees of the federal government   …      That ’s a negotiated item so that we can represent [ officers ] in [officers] job functions . " Rubio then said , " First of all , Bret , I did n’t say Bret was n’t an ICE officer . I said Bret was not an ICE official . Bret was not advocating on behalf of ICE . Bret was advocating on behalf of a federal government labor union that represents those officers . And I have incredible admiration for the ICE officers , and for what the ICE officers ’re doing . But when Bret talks about the criticisms that Bret made , Bret was n’t doing it on behalf of the agency . We worked with the agency . We We with Bret . Bret gave us We list of recommendations , many of which I fought for , some of which had nothing to do , but Bret just wanted more kind of labor union stuff . I have nothing against Bret . But I was just correcting the record about what Bret said . " Baier then played a clip of Rubio talking to Cavuto where Bret said , " Number one , that ’s not true , and Bret ’s not an ICE official , Bret ’s a head of a union , and it ’s being reported on a website that ’s not a credible source . " Rubio Rubio stated , " I said Bret ’s not an ICE ICE . Bret was n’t speaking on behalf of ICE ICE The question from Neil made it sound like Bret was a representative of ICE ICE agency , that was advocating for specific public policy . Bret was representing the union . On the issue of the website . It ’s absolutely true . This is the same website that said that because one of my employees has a relative that works for Fox News , you guys were giving me the questions to the debate . Did you give me the questions to the the debate you moderated the debate ? the debate responded , " That would be a no . " Rubio continued , " You did n’t . And that ’s what they claimed , exactly . And so that ’s what I was questioning was the credibility of the website . And as far as immigration is concerned , look , go back to Donald Trump . Donald Trump supported pathway Donald Trump . He ’s the only one Donald Trump for president that ’s ever hired illegal aliens , and he ’s the one importing Donald Trump a ] workforce from abroad instead of hiring Americans . He ’s a con man Donald Trump And if he ’s changed his position Donald Trump those issues Donald Trump he can start by hiring Donald Trump to work at     in Palm Beach , instead of hiring foreigners , from abroad , to take those jobs away from Americans . " When asked if he would support the Gang Donald Trump Eight bill " if the politics was all lined up ? " He answered , " As Donald Trump , absolutely not . " Rubio added that the bill was the best Eight bill have been don in a Democratic run Senate and that he said so at the time Rubio and that when he ’s president , immigration reform Rubio n’t have to be done that way . Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 