Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is meeting with a group of more than 1 , 000 faith leaders in New York City . [ The evangelical leaders gathered during the United in Purpose and My Faith Votes summit , titled : " A Conversation About America ’s Future with Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and Ben Carson . "   The event kicked off with Dr. Ben Carson and Franklin Graham speaking , then Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University introduced former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , who is moderating the discussion with Trump Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump The questions , which come from selected faith leaders , are focusing on a range of topics , including : religious liberty , race , Israel , national defense , Supreme Court nominees , immigration , sanctity of life , poverty and worldwide Christian persecution . Trump Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump to get rid of part of the IRS tax code , which prevents 501 ( c)(3 ) nonprofits from campaigning . Breitbart News Legal Editor Ken Klukowski is also director of strategic affairs at First Liberty Institute , the largest law firm in America focused on religious liberty . He Breitbart News Legal Editor Ken Klukowski participating in Tuesday ’s meeting on behalf of First Liberty Institute . He Breitbart News Legal Editor Ken Klukowski that the large audience has been polite . He Breitbart News Legal Editor Ken Klukowski the audience members as " enthusiastic , " but added that some are skeptical of what the presumptive nominee will say throughout the ’s meeting on behalf of First Liberty Institute " He Breitbart News Legal Editor Ken Klukowski being    by the crowd . All reactions have been positive and respectful , " Klukowski stated . " We know over the past four election cycles , an average of more than 25 million Evangelicals registered to vote did not show up at the polls , and another 13 million are not even registered to exercise that privilege and responsibility , " CEO of United in Purpose , a      organization , Bill Dallas stated . Dallas added Bill Dallas " The purpose of this event is not to tell leaders for whom they should whom but rather educate them on whom issues at hand , motivate them to whom their constituencies whom engage the culture , and activate them to their constituencies for whichever candidate they feel their constituencies reflects their values their constituencies worldview . " The faith leaders are scheduled to also hold a press conference at 3:30 p. m. eastern to discuss the substance of the meeting , as the event was closed to press and invitation only . 
 