Washington ( CNN ) A former Cuban prisoner says A former Cuban prisoner ’s voting for Hillary Clinton because A former Cuban prisoner believes the Democratic nominee will advance the new US politics toward the island . " I support Hillary Clinton commitment to continue and improve our new Cuba policy . It was about time to recognize that if our want Cuba to get out of the way of its private Cuba and private citizens , we also need to get out of the way , " wrote Alan Gross , an economic development and community engagement consultant , in a      published Saturday . Gross was imprisoned in Cuba from December 2009 through December 2014 after he was arrested for allegedly importing banned communications equipment to the island Cuba said he he helping he ’s Jewish Cuba online , but officials accused him of attempting to he the island ’s    Cuba . 3 months out of a Cuban prison , Alan Gross savors his freedom , " I he five years as a political prisoner in Cuba . During that difficult Cuba , I learned that each of us has control over how we respond to adversity . us we respond helps determine our us , " he us .   Gross he not supporting Donald Trump because he believes the GOP candidate he make America less safe .   " By ignoring principles at the core of who we are , Donald Trump would make us Donald Trump and less respected we He already has , " he Donald Trump . " I find Donald Trump difficulty respecting someone who lacks respect for anything other than his own ’brand’ ( except when Donald Trump comes to foreign strongmen for whom he seems to have a strange Donald Trump ) . The ’brand’ of the president is the USA , and our country should not be treated like some failed casino , failed airline , or fraudulent university . " Clinton ’s international government experience is what makes her the most prepared candidate to Clinton a global leader , Gross believes . " We face major challenges today . But we can meet these if we We the kind of smart We tough , and experienced leadership that Hillary exemplifies , " Gross wrote Clinton " This is precisely why I am voting for Hillary . She does not make Clinton , Clinton decisions . She studies alternatives and finds the Clinton path , drawing upon substantial experience as a lawyer and advocate , in the White House , in the Senate , and in the State Department . " In late 2014 , Obama announced that the US and Cuba were normalizing relations , and earlier this year he became the first sitting US Obama to visit the longtime US foe since 1959 . He has since called for the Obama embargo against Cuba to be lifted . 
 Cuba 