  ( CNN ) Presidential debates are about ideas , tough questions     and gaffes . The impact of one line zingers can fade after the moment , but gaffes can linger , altering a race and shifting the momentum .    Mistakes happen in almost every debate . And as Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump meet for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump first clash Monday     56 years to the date after the famous showdown between Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy     viewers will be on alert for any stumbles that might seal the fate of either candidate . Here are eight of the biggest blunders from nearly six decades of presidential debates : Richard Nixon vs. Kennedy , 1960 , The first televised general election debate featured a candidate who understood the power of television and one who did n’t . John F. Kennedy , tall , young and confident , looked into the camera and addressed 80 million viewers .   Richard Nixon , pale and recovering from the flu , shifted Richard Nixon eyes , looking unfocused as Richard Nixon addressed the questioners rather than the viewers . Richard Nixon was also sweaty and unshaven . People who listened to the debate on the radio thought Richard Nixon won . People who watched the debate thought Kennedy won . The next day ’s Chicago Daily News headline summed up the importance of the visuals :   " Was Nixon Sabotaged by TV Makeup Artists ? "    Donald Trump ’s 6 debate tactics   It went so badly for Richard Nixon that for the next 16 years , general election candidates avoided televised debates . Ford vs. Carter , 1976 , So memorable was President Gerald Ford ’s gaffe that it made it into President Gerald Ford’s obituary . Asked about the expansion of Russian power in Eastern Europe , Ford flatly denied it .   " There is no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe , and there never will be under a Ford administration , " President Gerald Ford’s said . Flummoxed , the moderator gave Ford a chance to modify President Gerald Ford’s response . But Ford stuck by Ford response throughout the debate , insisting that Poland , Yugoslavia , and Romania were all " independent and autonomous . "   Sometimes thought of as " the accidental president , " Ford ’s bumbling response only highlighted the sense among some that Ford was n’t quite right for the job .   Dukakis vs. Bush , 1988   The question was n’t hard . " Governor , " CNN ’s Bernard Shaw asked , " if Kitty Dukakis were raped and murdered , would you favor an irrevocable death penalty for the killer ? " It was an easy opportunity for Michael Dukakis the Democratic governor of Massachusetts , to sound human . But he whiffed Bernard Shaw discussed his ironclad Bernard Shaw to the death an irrevocable death penalty for the killer talked Bernard Shaw how Massachusetts had the lowest Massachusetts rate in the country . And he criticized Bernard Shaw President George H. W. Bush over his drug Bernard Shaw policies .    Poll : Clinton , Trump virtually tied headed into debate , What he did n’t do Trump his    response is Trump about this wife , Kitty . The next day , Kitty Dukakis called the question shocking and inappropriate . Dukakis later admitted that Kitty Dukakis made a mistake Kitty Dukakis answering such a raw question so clinically . Bush vs. Clinton vs. Perot , 1992 , Just as an audience member stood up to ask President George H. W. Bush about how the national debt had personally affected him , he checked Kitty Dukakis watch Kitty Dukakis And Kitty Dukakis that moment , he provided Bill Clinton Kitty Dukakis opening . He also gave viewers Kitty Dukakis the first presidential town hall the impression that he just did n’t Kitty Dukakis and that he had better things Kitty Dukakis do with his time . The Kitty Dukakis governor pounced Bill Clinton rare gift of connecting with Bill Clinton by approaching the questioner and painting a picture of a wrecked economy where her friends and neighbors had lost jobs .   The debate echoed a New York Times headline months earlier that suggested he was out of touch with Bill Clinton voters —   " Bush Encounters the Supermarket , Amazed . " Bush later said that in the moment he was thinking : " I Bush these debates . I ’m so glad it ’s almost over . " Bush vs. Gore , 2000 , Bush President Al Gore just could n’t hide his exasperation . Especially not after Vice President Al Gore operatives spliced together a clip of him sighing and sighing again and Vice President Al Gore during his first presidential debate against George Vice President Al Gore Bush . After the sighing reel was circulated , the entire narrative of the first debate changed . The his first presidential debate against George W. Bush a debate night victory into a loss for Gore in the days that followed Vice President Al Gore Columnists mocked him . And pundits had a Vice President Al Gore point . On the " Today " show , Katie Couric asked him if his sighing was " Vice President Al Gore behavior Vice President Al Gore "    Why the debate expectations game is a farce , In 2007 Gore looked back and said : Vice President Al Gore The sighs , the sighs , the sighs . Within 18 hours , they had turned perception around to where the entire story was about me sighing . And that ’s scary . That ’s scary . "   Rick Perry vs. his memory , 2011 , " Oops " is Rick Perry a word that announces something good .    For    Gov. Rick Perry , it announced the beginning    the the end of his bid for the 2012 GOP nomination . In   Gov. Rick Perry moment , he started off pretty strong and specific . "   Gov. Rick Perry will tell you . It ’s three agencies of government when I get there that are gone , " he said , staring at    Ron Paul ,   Gov. Rick Perry was standing next to him . " Commerce , Education , and the   Gov. Rick Perry .. uh . .. what ’s the third one there ? "   Finally , he just gave up , after the moderator pinned   Gov. Rick Perry down . " Let ’s see . ..   Gov. Rick Perry ca n’t , the third one , sorry , " he said . " Oops . "   (   Gov. Rick Perry later remembered that it was the Department of   Gov. Rick Perry ) .   The rap on Perry was that he was n’t up to the job and the   Gov. Rick Perry oops " moment underscored it . There was no cleaning this one up . Barack Obama vs. Mitt Romney , 2012 , In his closing statement for one of the most watched Barack Obama in television history , President Barack Obama said it " was a terrific debate . "    He was right     for Mitt Romney .    President Barack Obama 70 million people watched Barack Obama and lethargic    get hammered by a    and    Mitt Romney President Barack Obama Obama spoke in       . Romney Barack Obama bullet points President Barack Obama    A       of Barack Obama voters showed that 67 %    registered voters who watched the debate thought Romney won , and just 25 % went with Obama . Barack Obama Obama ’s campaign aide , Stephanie Cutter , President Barack Obama on CNN President Barack Obama Romney " scored some points on style . " CNN How Barack Obama Holt is getting ready for Monday ’s debate , Yes , like every available style point . The Republican National Committee released a video ad called " Smirk " that showed a    of Romney smoothly ripping Obama , while the president nodded and smirked Barack Obama Obama ’s President Barack Obama performance jolted Lester Holt , giving Romney the President Barack Obama . At least until the second debate . Barack Obama Marco Rubio vs. Chris Christie , 2016 , Four .    That ’s how many times Sen. Marco Rubio pivoted to the exact same soundbite attack on President Marco Rubio Marco Rubio in five minutes .    President Barack Obama criticisms that he was an inexperienced    senator who could deliver a speech but not much else , Marco Rubio provided just the evidence his critics needed . It also likely destroyed any chances he Marco Rubio at a good showing Marco Rubio the New Hampshire his critics . He later did something Marco Rubio presidential candidates rarely do     admit they made a mistake . Marco Rubio " I did not do well on Saturday night , presidential candidates listen to this , " he told a crowd after his fifth place finish . " That will never happen again Marco Rubio " But the damage Marco Rubio done and his campaign never recovered . 
 Marco Rubio 