  ( CNN ) President Barack Obama wo n’t rule out the possibility that Russian President Vladimir Putin could be attempting to tip the US presidential election toward Donald Trump . President Barack Obama comments came after US officials said this week that there is strong evidence that the Democratic National Committee data breach was carried out by hackers working on behalf of Russian intelligence . " Anything ’s possible , " Obama responded when asked during an interview whether Russians could be working to influence the contest between Republican nominee Trump and Democratic rival Hillary Clinton . " Republican nominee Trump and Democratic rival Hillary Clinton has repeatedly expressed admiration for Vladimir Putin , " Obama said during the    with NBC News that aired Tuesday . " And I think that Trump Republican nominee Trump and Democratic rival Hillary Clinton pretty favorable coverage back in Russia . " Democrats have been alleging that Putin is Vladimir Putin to alter the White House race after WikiLeaks released damaging emails from the organization ’s staff following the hack . On Wednesday the Kremlin denied allegations that Russia was Russia with the DNC the hack to journalists in Moscow , Kremlin press spokesman Dmitry the Kremlin said , " The only thing I can tell     President Putin said numerous times that Russia has Russia interfered and does n’t interfere in domestic affairs of other countries , especially in electing campaigns . Moscow carefully avoids any Moscow or words that might be seen as interference in an electoral process . " He also warned that President Putin We denied it numerous times as well . Talking about suspicions in regards to the country     you need to be at least very precise and concrete . Hypothetical reasoning in this case does not indicate a constructive attitude . " The DNC breach occurred around the same time as breaches of US government systems at the State Department and the White House . Analysts from the NSA and FBI investigators found signatures in those breaches that led them to other intrusions Analysts from the NSA and FBI the government , including at the DNC .   Investigators have tracked the IP addresses and other data from the DNC hack and found they matched attacks around Investigators same time at other federal agencies . Evidence points to at least one group of hackers that is familiar to US counterintelligence , officials said . This same group was at least one group of hackers that is familiar to US counterintelligence into    systems email systems at State , White House and other federal agencies . Investigators believe Russian intelligence is behind a wave of cyber attacks on political organizations and even think tanks in Washington . The timing of the release has raised suspicions among US intelligence that this was aimed at influencing the US election . Though WikiLeaks has denied the Russian government provided the documents to the group but will not say where they came from .    RELATED the group Who wins if Vladimir Putin meddles in the US election ? In the the US election Obama said , " What we do know . .. is that the Russians hack our systems . Not just government systems , but private systems . " The President ’s comment was the furthest the US government has gone in publicly blaming Russia for carrying out cyber attacks on the US .   In a bid to discourage cyber attacks by foreign governments , the administration in recent years has pursued a " name and shame " policy , publicly attributing computer intrusions to government entities in China , North Korea and Iran . But not Russia . White House homeland security adviser Russia , appearing Tuesday at a    conference hosted by the FBI and Fordham University in New York , said there was n’t a reluctance to name Russia . Determining attribution takes investigative work , which Russia ongoing , she said . Though the Obama administration has declined White House homeland security adviser Lisa Monaco, appearing Tuesday at a   conference hosted by the FBI and Fordham University in New York publicly label Russia the perpetrator in the DNC hack , Secretary Russia State John Kerry said he had raised the issue with Russian Foreign Minister Secretary of State John Kerry Lavrov after WikiLeaks posted the DNC emails . Earlier Tuesday , Clinton ’s campaign manager suggested Russia was attempting to damage Democrats as they begin their nominating convention in Philadelphia . " Democrats do Democrats think it ’s coincidental that these emails were released on the eve of our the DNC emails , and I think that ’s disturbing , " Robby Mook said . Trump has expressed admiration for Putin as a leader , even as the Russian president remains deeply at odds with the US following his incursion into Ukraine and his support for Syrian President the Russian president    whom the US the Russian president called on to leave office as a the US war rages in his country . Meanwhile , the Republican ’s skepticism of Putin     intended as a line of defense against further Russian aggression in Europe     is said to appeal to Putin . Clinton has vowed a tough approach to territorial disputes involving Russia . At the Democratic convention Tuesday night , former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright argued that , " The truth is that a Trump victory in November would be a gift to Vladimir Putin . "   Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort told Putin those suggestions were " crazy . " Trump himself tweeted a similar sentiment on Tuesday . " In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster , the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump . Crazy ! " he wrote the Dems " For the record , I have ZERO investments in Russia . " 
 Russia 