’   ’ "    If     White House strategic advisor Steve Bannon is    right , then Donald Trump ’s infrastructure plan is going to be a    total disaster for the American economy . " "    Here ’s what White House strategic advisor Steve Bannon said about the plan in the : " ’   ’ ’   ’ "    If the projects the government spends money on are not productive     —    ultimately paying for the projects the government spends money on are not productive    —   ultimately paying for themselves and making the economy more   efficient  —    and making the American economy more    efficient   —    then you might as well light that trillion dollars on    fire and dance around it while blowing a hole in the China    balance sheet . " "    The perfect of example of this mistake can be found in China .    Over the past two decades the country China modernized at    breakneck speed . That , of course , meant building housing and    roads , bridges and trains . It was a marvelous growth engine until    it was n’t    It "    And it was n’t anymore when those roads and bridges started    leading to nowhere    and those housing units stayed empty . That    all happened because the government started building China       which there was no demand . " ’    In its quest to boost growth China    keep people employed , China    instead just ended up racking up the massive debt that is    creating such huge problems for the Chinese economy . ’ "    That ’s why the world now has those infamous Chinese Ghost Cities . " ’   ’ ’    To get out of its    recession Japan did China       similar . It went    an infrastructure China    tear , spending    $ 6 . 3 trillion between 1991 and 2008 , . Now the country has immaculate roads Japan tons of airports no one needs or uses , but it remains in the    throes Japan its economic downturn . ’ " Japan The projects the government built were just not Japan    to bring the country out of its slump , Japan eventually just       up adding to    albatross of    hanging around Japan ’s    neck . " ’    Before Bannon    any shipyards , he should know that since    international trade Bannon been on the decline for the last five    years , ship builders have been under intense pressure . South    Korean and Chinese shipbuilders suffered   the last year . ’ "    So , that ’s an indication that demand for shipyards is weak , to    say very the least . And , if trade continues to decline with    Trump ’s    policies , that demand    continue to    decline right along with it . Building a shipyard , in that    ,    will be a horrible waste of money    " "    What ’s more , the more advanced    stable an economy is , the more    careful the government has to be with    projects . It was    easier for infrastructure investment to make a    in the    economy after the crash of 2008 , for example , because things were    so bad   —    so many people were out of work and so many companies    were on the brink of bankruptcy . " "    But when an economy is more stable , as the US has been in the    last few years , government spending has to be even more precise    if it ’s going to make a marked positive government spending . Investments    have to be wiser , or they ’re just a drop in the bucket Investments    or worse ,    a costly mistake .   " 
    