Washington ( CNN ) Senate Democrats strongly complained Wednesday that Republicans were trying to " jam "    Donald Trump ’s Cabinet picks through the chamber , and warned they would not rush to confirm the nominees on a timetable being advocated by Republicans . " These past two weeks we have seen repeated efforts from the Donald Trump transition , aided and abetted by Senate Republicans , to jam through nominees ( in a way ) that hides nominees views from the American people , " said Sen. Chuck Schumer , the minority leader , after a meeting with his caucus during which his caucus strategized over a path forward on the nominees . Schumer ’s escalated rhetoric came as Republicans pressed Democrats to get Trump ’s nominees confirmed quickly , including as many as seven on Friday , in the hours after Trump’s is sworn in . The New York Democrat ’s skeptical comments remarks indicate Democrat may not be willing to confirm that many , a sentiment confirmed to CNN by other Democratic senators and aides . In fact , The New York Democrat said GOP handling of several of the nominations could cause Democrats to slow down confirmations . The New York Democrat warned Democrats may demand " extensive debate " on the floor for some of the nominees .    If Democrats decide to put the brakes on floor action     something Democrats can easily do using procedures of the Senate     the Senate     could cause a backup confirming Trump ’s Cabinet . the Senate     is only in session two days next week as both parties are leaving Washington for their both parties legislative retreats .     Schumer presented a long list of complaints about how he Schumer Republicans have mishandled the confirmation process of some of the more controversial of Trump ’s picks . For instance , he Schumer the hearing for education secretary nominee Betty DeVos was held at night , making it harder for the American public to focus on it it And he Schumer Democrats were limited in their Democrats to probe DeVos education secretary nominee Betty DeVos Health and Human Services secretary nominee Rep. Tom Price ,    because each senator was limited to just one round of questions . Sen. Alexander on Wednesday night pushed back on Schumer and said that Price ’s hearing was longer than the last six HHS nominees dating back to 1993 , and DeVos’ was longer than the last two education secretary nominees . " The Democrats are making up excuses because they ca n’t find better reasons to oppose the The Democrats , " Alexander said . Schumer also the last two education secretary nominees there were only seven seats Schumer aside for the public at the hearing for Scott Pruitt , Trump ’s nominee to head the Environmental Protection Agency , who is under fire from environmentalists and he decried that Democrats were limited in their ability Schumer get outside witnesses to testify about some Democrats the nominees .   Most importantly , he said , DeVos testified before she had reached Schumer agreement with the government ethics office DeVos ensure she would not have any financial conflicts of interests if DeVos is confirmed to run the department .   " DeVos ’s an affront to the openness and transparency that the American people are entitled to , " Schumer said . " This is a swamp Cabinet full of bankers and billionaires . " Fresh allegations that Price may have improperly traded stocks and the Rep. Mick Mulvaney ,    Carolina , who is tapped by Trump to run the Office of Management and Budget , did n’t pay taxes for a nanny , are further complicating the situation , Schumer said .   Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , Schumer GOP whip , warned Democrats against overreaching .   " I ’m sure they ’ll try to grab for every straw they can Democrats delay the   ’s Cabinet . Do Democrats get me wrong , I think there should be a thorough vetting , and people should have to answer all the hard questions . But delay for delay ’s sake should be unacceptable , " he said .   While Democrats can complain about the Schumer and delay confirmations , they are limited in their ability actually to block nominees Democrats New Senate rules Democrats installed by Democrats last Congress over the objections of Republicans , mean all the nominees can be approved on 51 votes , not the 60 that was the norm for controversial choices .   Schumer indicated that three of Trump ’s national security picks     Ret . Gen. James Mattis , Trump ’s nominee to be defense secretary , Ret . Trump Kelly , the secretary of homeland security nominee and Rep. Mike Pompeo ,    the CIA director nominee     may get confirmed on Inauguration Day . But he said negotiations over them and all the other nominees were Gen. John Kelly, the secretary of homeland security nominee and Rep. Mike Pompeo,   the CIA director nominee     underway . Another Gen. John Kelly, the secretary of homeland security nominee and Rep. Mike Pompeo,   the CIA director nominee     , Elaine Chao to head the department of transportation , may get confirmed , too . She is the wife of McConnell and a former Cabinet member Elaine Chao George W. Bush . Republicans pushed back on Schumer ’s complaints and pointed to what they said was their cooperation with President Barack Obama when they Republicans confirm seven Republicans on the day he was sworn Republicans .   " When President Obama was Schumer , Republicans and Democrats worked together and President Barack Obama carefully consider his nominees . The Senate held hearings on multiple nominees before he President Barack Obama even sworn in , " said McConnell spokesman Don Schumer . " Sen. Schumer and others approved wholeheartedly of this approach at the time , so it ’s surprising that they ’d object to treating the incoming president ’s nominees with the Sen. Schumer and others courtesy and seriousness with which the Senate acted on President Obama ’s nominees . " 
 