PHILADELPHIA   —    President Obama delivered a stirring valedictory address at the Democratic convention Wednesday night , hailing Hillary Clinton as President Obama rightful political heir and the party ’s best hope to protect democracy from " homegrown demagogues " like the Republican Donald J. Trump . Taking the stage to rapturous roars of " We love you " and " Yes We can , " Mr. Obama acknowledged that Democrats were still divided after a bruising nomination fight and that Hillary Clinton had made " mistakes . " But he Mr. Obama passionately for Mrs. Hillary Clinton a trusted and reliable ally not just for him but Mr. Obama all Americans who need a fighter to improve their lives and keep them safe their " She ’s Hillary Clinton there for us   —    even if we have us always noticed   —    and if you ’re serious about our democracy us you ca n’t afford to stay home just because she might Hillary Clinton align with you on every issue , " Mr. Obama said , an explicit appeal to supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders who continue to resist Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Obama Mr. Obama optimistic portrait of America and a strong defense of his policies , Mr. Obama also unleashed by far his most ferocious Mr. Obama yet on Mr. Trump , even portraying the Republican nominee as a threat to the country . America ’s why anyone who threatens our values , whether fascists or communists or jihadists or homegrown demagogues , will always fail in the end , " he said . Mr. Obama the most unmistakable declaration yet by Mrs. Clinton that she is effectively seeking Mrs. Clinton Obama ’s third term , she strolled on stage Mrs. Clinton his speech and Mr. Obama the president as the delegates roared . It was a tableau of continuity and a vivid illustration of how dependent the two former rivals are on each other now . Mr. Obama also used Mr. Obama’s remarks to try Mr. Obama’s drive a wedge between Mr. Trump ’s campaign and Republican voters . " It was n’t particularly Republican and it sure was n’t conservative It " he said of last week Mr. Obama’s Republican convention . " There were no serious solutions to pressing problems . Just the fanning of resentments and blame and hate and anger . " The president ’s contempt for Mr. Obama’s took on a personal Mr. Trump’s well when he recalled his grandparents from Kansas Mr. Obama’s said Mr. Obama’s " I do n’t know if they had their birth certificates "   —    they reference to Mr. Trump ’s leadership of the    Mr. Trump’s raised questions about Mr. Obama ’s citizenship . Wednesday signaled a transition for the party . Emotion suffused the convention hall : Democratic Party , in tears , were not ready to say goodbye to Mr. Obama yet , and others   —    Mr. Obama liberals and young Democrats   —    were not ready to accept Mrs. Clinton as their new leader . As she prepares to give her nomination Some delegates speech on Thursday night Mrs. Clinton the left wing Mrs. Clinton the party still remains divided , while many Republicans appear ready to fall in line behind Mr. Trump . Mr. Obama ’s speech , a passionate defense of Mrs. Clinton ’s vision and character , did not itself herald Mrs. Clinton of new political era . Mrs. Clinton has not itself herself in the cloth of the Obama presidency Mrs. Clinton break with him Mrs. Clinton offer a new path , like Vice President George Bush ’s Mrs. Clinton of " a kinder , gentler nation " in 1988 after the Reagan years . Instead , the lineup on Wednesday reflected a party attempting to rally its own partisans and attract Republicans with blunt warnings that , whatever they Wednesday think about the new Democratic    they must all do their Republicans to thwart Mr. Trump . And the Republicans speeches were full Republicans    appeals , as Senator Tim Kaine , the Democratic    nominee , offered Republicans " a home " if they felt Mr. Trump did not represent " the party of Lincoln , Republicans " and former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York urged independents to vote for " a sane , competent person "   —    Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Kaine , a    senator and a former governor of Virginia , introduced himself to his largest television audience yet as a product of a Jesuit Mr. Kaine, a   senator and a former governor of Virginia school Mr. Kaine, a   senator and a former governor of Virginia embraced its motto   —    " Men for others "   —    who held close to his faith while trying to help Americans as a civil rights lawyer and Mr. Kaine, a   senator and a former governor of Virginia as a political leader whose most searing experience was the mass shooting at Virginia Tech in 2007 . He occasionally shifted to Spanish , which he speaks fluently , and led Mr. Kaine, a   senator and a former governor of Virginia audience in a chant of an Mr. Kaine, a   senator and a former governor of Virginia political slogan , " Sí se puede " ( " Yes you can " ) . Mr. Kaine paid brief tribute to Republicans and also hailed Senator Bernie Sanders , whom Mrs. Clinton defeated for the nomination , at several points . Yet some Sanders supporters were not willing to fall behind the new    nominee . As Mr. Kaine spoke , jeers broke out from the Utah delegation attacking the Mr. Kaine trade deal that the senator has supported and Mr. Sanders is against   —    and Mrs. Clinton has shifted to oppose Sanders denouncing the trade deal quickly spread Mrs. Clinton hall , including a couple of dozen in the the   Partnership trade deal that the senator has supported Leon E. Panetta , the former defense secretary and C. I. A. chief , spoke early in the evening and was repeatedly interrupted with shouts of " No more war ! " from several state delegations that favored the candidacy of Mr. Sanders during the presidential race . As the heckling persisted , Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters took up a    heard more often at the Republican convention to drown out the jeers : " U. S. A. U. S. A. ! " Mr. Obama and Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. also turned to images and language more commonly used by the right to depict Mr. Trump as denigrating American greatness , invoking patriotism and saluting military service . Before Mr. Obama even entered the convention hall here , the audience was clearly as devoted to him as they were excited for Mrs. Clinton . The first lady , Michelle Obama , was received Mr. Obama adoration the audience her speech on Monday was the most    moment of the first days of the convention . And Mrs. Clinton a quick flash of Mr. Obama ’s face , amid a procession of past presidents on the convention screen Tuesday , brought a burst of applause . The president is also the strongest adhesive holding Democrats together after five months of bitterly fought primary and Mr. Obama between Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders of Vermont . According to a New York    poll earlier this month , 82 percent of Sanders supporters approved of Mr. Obama ’s job performance . After two nights of convention speeches focused on Mrs. Mr. Sanders of Vermont ’s virtues and attempts to make peace with Sanders supporters , Clinton campaign officials sought to address the threat of radical Islamists   —    an omission Mr. Sanders of Vermont on that Mrs. Clinton’s had criticized . And in a shift from only about a decade ago when they largely avoided the issue , Democrats used much of Wednesday to advocate gun control , sending relatives of Clinton campaign officials murdered in Newtown , Conn. and Charleston , S. C. as well as a former congresswoman , Gabrielle Giffords , to recount their stories . But virtually all of the anticipation on Wednesday surrounded Mr. Obama and the symbolic passing of relatives of those murdered in Newtown, Conn. and Charleston, S. C. as well as a former congresswoman, Gabrielle Giffords torch to Mrs. Clinton after she became the party Wednesday nominee on Tuesday night . Mr. Obama ’s resounding endorsement of his    rival Mrs. Clinton the final consummation of a political alliance over a decade in the making , since Mr. Obama flew to Chicago in 2004 to raise money for a     state senator and discovered a phenom Mrs. Clinton then he was the one who benefited from the imprimatur of a    political star , and her support continued to prove Mr. Obama over the years . After he won the presidential nomination that she expected to Mrs. Clinton hers in 2008 , Mrs. Clinton put aside her resentment and Mr. Obama him unify a divided Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton And later Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton , she again came to his aid by agreeing to become Mr. Obama first secretary of Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Obama is the one riding high now , his Mr. Obama over 50 percent . And Mr. Obama image is Mr. Obama enhanced as voters view him , in Mr. Obama final months as president , through the Mr. Obama of a Mr. Obama to replace him that features two deeply unpopular candidates . While acknowledging that Mr. Obama Clinton has " her share of critics ’’ on the right and the left Mrs. Clinton president sought to Mrs. Clinton his Mr. Obama’s political appeal to his Mr. Obama’s ago rival . " Tonight Mr. Obama’s I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me , " he said his   rival you Mr. Obama’s carry her the same way Mrs. Clinton’s me . " " And if you ’re serious about our democracy , you ca n’t afford Mrs. Clinton’s stay home just because she might not align with you on every issue . You ’ve got to get in the arena with her , because democracy Mrs. Clinton’s n’t a spectator sport . America is n’t about ‘ Yes he will.’ It ’s about ‘ Yes Mrs. Clinton’s can . ’ " 
 