Kenansville , North Carolina   ( CNN ) Donald Trump bragged Tuesday there ’s " nothing like " using other people ’s money , hours after a report said Donald Trump used more than $ 250 , 000 from Donald Trump charitable organization to litigate lawsuits against Donald Trump business interests . Donald Trump , while calling for building safe zones in Syria financed by Gulf states , vaunted the benefits of doing business with " OPM . " " It ’s called OPM . I do it all the time in business . It ’s called other people ’s money , " Donald Trump said . " There ’s nothing like doing things with other people ’s money because it takes the risk     you get a good chunk out of the risk     and the risk     takes the risk . " His comments came on the heels of a Washington Post report published earlier Tuesday , which called attention to Donald Trump funneling of contributions from the Donald J. Trump Foundation to charities in order to settle lawsuits against Trump Donald Trump Trump Donald Trump only sparsely contributed to his the Donald J. Trump Foundation Instead , the foundation the Donald J. Trump Foundation funded by outside donors     not Trump Donald Trump . Trump Donald Trump not make those comments in the context of that report on Tuesday . The Republican presidential nominee has frequently lauded the benefits of " OPM , " telling his supporters at The Republican presidential nominee that he would put The Republican presidential nominee tactic to use for the country ’s benefit . Trump Donald Trump frequently called for other countries to chip in larger amounts to help pay for the US military to maintain its Donald Trump around the world , in addition to calling for Gulf states like Saudi Arabia to bear a larger financial burden in the fight against ISIS and in building a safe zone to shelter refugees . Trump has called for building a safe zone at the same time as he has stiffly Trump against allowing any more Syrian refugees into the US . Even though refugees undergo numerous screenings and a lengthy vetting process that can take more than a year , Trump has argued Trump could represent refugees national security threat to the United States . 
 