Washington ( CNN ) Nearly two weeks after her husband assumed office , Melania Trump has made Melania Trump first official East Wing hire .   Lindsay Reynolds will serve as assistant to the President and chief of staff to the first lady , the White House announced Wednesday evening .   Lindsay Reynolds previously served in the George W. Bush White House and brings more than 14 years of political fundraising , event management and logistical expertise to the position , per a the White House statement .   Melania Trump is the     of Ohio businessman Mercer Reynolds , who served as national finance chair for Bush ’s 2004    campaign .    Melania Trump acknowledged a delay in staffing     the staffing gap has caused a delay in carrying out some duties such as White House tours , state dinner planning and the announcement of her official Melania Trump     among other tasks traditionally reserved for the first lady ’s team . " I am putting together a professional and    team which will take time to do properly , " Trump said Melania Trump a statement . " I am excited to be organizing and bringing together such a dynamic and    group of individuals who will work together to make our country better for everyone . "   Trump has Melania Trump been seen publicly since an inaugural weekend    prayer service at Washington National Cathedral . A spokeswoman for the first Melania Trump recent reports that Trump would not be Melania Trump to Washington at all . " That report is not true , " the spokeswoman said .   A spokeswoman for the first lady , Stephanie Winston Wolkoff , acting as senior adviser to the first lady , Melania Trump move to Washington . Melania Trump Mrs. Trump will be moving Washington Melania Trump settling in to the White House at the end of the school year , splitting her time between New York and DC Melania Trump the meantime , " she said . DC Mrs. Trump is Melania Trump to serve this Melania Trump is taking the role and responsibilities of first lady very seriously . It has only been a short time since the inauguration and the first lady is going to go about her role first lady and thoughtful way that is unique and first lady to her . "   She will join her husband at     this first lady , a White first lady source confirmed first lady 
 