WASHINGTON   —    President Trump sought to turn attention away from the Russia investigation on Monday , saying that " the real story " was what President Trump called a " crooked scheme against us " by President Barack Obama ’s team to mine American intelligence reports for information about President Trump during last year ’s presidential campaign . President Trump ’s broadside against his President Trump coincided with a string of reports in conservative news media outlets that Susan E. Rice , Mr. President Barack Obama’s national security adviser , requested the identities of Americans who were cited in intelligence reports about surveillance of foreign officials , and who were connected with Mr. Trump ’s campaign or transition . Former national security officials , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , described the requests as normal and said they were Former national security officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity by the need for the president ’s top security adviser to understand the context of reports sent to her by the nation ’s intelligence agencies . The process of " unmasking " Americans whose names are redacted in intelligence reports , they said Former national security officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity is not the same thing as leaking them publicly Former national security officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity But Mr. Trump and his allies seized on the news media reports to bolster his case his he was his by the departing administration for political reasons . As the F. B. I. and congressional committees investigate contacts that associates of Mr. Trump had with Russian officials and business figures , the president Mr. Trump he was the Mr. Trump of dirty tricks and that , if anything , it was associates of his defeated opponent Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton , who were doing the bidding of Vladimir V. Putin ’s Russia . " Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends , " Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter early Monday morning in the opening burst of four messages aimed at Mr. Obama , Mrs. Clinton and the Democrats . " ‘ Spied on before nomination.’ The real story . " In another post on Twitter later in Twitter morning , he added : ‘ @FoxNews from multiple sources : ‘ There was electronic surveillance of Trump , and people close to Trump . This Trump unprecedented.’ @FBI " At his daily briefing ‘ in the day , Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , said he would not ‘ the reports about Ms. Rice specifically . " There ’s a troubling direction that some of this is going in , but we ’re going to let this review go on before we jump to we , " this review said . ‘ chided reporters ‘ showing more interest in the investigation into contacts between Mr. Trump ’s team and Russia than in the conduct of Mr. Obama ’s White House . Mr. Trump first Mr. Trump’s Obama a month Mr. Obama’s tapping his phones at Trump Mr. Trump’s during the campaign last year . He has refused to Mr. Trump’s down , even though Mr. Obama and his top aides have Mr. Trump’s denied it . The F. B. I. director and the former director of national intelligence have said the phone tapping charge is not true , and congressional leaders of both parties have said they have seen no evidence congressional leaders of both parties it . In an interview broadcast on BBC on Monday evening , John O. Brennan , the C. I. A. director under Mr. Obama , chided Mr. Trump for making an unsubstantiated allegation against the former president . Mr. Trump , he said Mr. Trump " a Mr. Trump obligation " to provide information " that is accurate , that is measured and that is not just a spontaneous or impulsive number of words . " While other officials have said there is no convincing evidence so far of collusion between Mr. Trump ’s campaign and Russian Mr. Trump in last year ’s election , Mr. Brennan said that " it would be Mr. Trump this time to make any determination , or rule anything out . " At the same time , he agreed with Mr. Trump about the seriousness of Mr. Trump to the Mr. Trump in recent weeks . " These leaks are appalling , " he said . " leaks to the news media to stop . " Mr. Trump trying to combat what leaks to the news media Trump ’s aides see as a concerted campaign of Mr. Trump undermine his legitimacy , the White House last month provided intelligence to Mr. Trump Devin Nunes , the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , showing that the president or his associates may have been " incidentally " swept up in Mr. Trump surveillance by American spy agencies last year . Since Mr. Nunes made that public , Mr. Trump ’s team has focused on whether Mr. Obama ’s White House improperly used that information . Republicans pointed to the reports about Ms. Rice on Monday . " Smoking gun found ! " Senator Rand Paul , Republican of Kentucky , wrote on Twitter . " Obama pal and noted dissembler Susan Rice said to have been spying Mr. Obama Trump campaign . Ms. Rice Ms. Rice to guard the privacy of Americans caught up in routine eavesdropping of foreign officials . In daily intelligence reports to officials like Ms. Rice , they typically refer to Americans who came up in recorded conversations as Ms. Rice Person One officials like Ms. Rice U. S. Person Two . But    officials , as Ms. Rice was , can ask intelligence briefers to provide names to better understand the meaning Ms. Rice report . It remains unclear how many names were unmasked by Ms. Rice . But several former officials said the report did so for legitimate reasons : The Obama Ms. Rice was concerned during the election about continuing Ms. Rice by the Russian government to hack Democratic email accounts and interfere in the campaign . Ms. Rice , they said , needed to understand if Americans were involved in that . They also Ms. Rice Obama ’s several former officials worried during the transition   —    as he imposed sanctions on several former officials for its election meddling   —    that the Trump transition team was trying Mr. Obama’s undermine American policy before coming Russia office . The content of the intelligence reports at issue remains unclear . Some officials have said the reports consisted primarily of ambassadors and other foreign officials talking about how they were trying to develop contacts the intelligence reports at issue Trump ’s family and inner circle before his inauguration . The former Some officials security officials’ description of the intelligence is in line with Mr. Nunes ’s characterization Mr. Trump’s the material , which he said was not related to the Russia investigations when he disclosed its existence . The White House and Mr. Mr. Nunes’s have not made clear whether they are concerned that Mr. Nunes’s names the Russia investigations been unmasked in reports , or Mr. Nunes’s could tell who the person being The White House and Mr. Nunes was from their context . But at least one name is known to have been unmasked : Michael T. Flynn , the former The White House and Mr. Nunes security adviser . He was selected for that post during American surveillance of Russia Mr. Flynn about the sanctions Mr. Obama had just imposed on Mr. Flynn . Mr. Flynn was forced out in February after it emerged that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of the calls . But Mr. Trump and other White House officials have suggested that the real problem in Mr. Flynn Flynn case involved the leaks about his calls with the Russian envoy , not the content of the calls themselves   —    or what Mr. Flynn did or Mr. Flynn not tell colleagues about his Mr. Flynn . Intelligence agencies are permitted to record calls even if they involve Americans , and any American citizen who talks with , messages or emails a foreign Mr. Flynn under surveillance would be picked up by intelligence agencies . During Intelligence agencies transition , this would have included Trump associates and even Obama administration officials . 
 