  ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump is expected to decide soon whether to withdraw from the Paris Agreement on climate change , which is the world ’s promise to end the era of fossil fuels and avoid climate catastrophe . Now it ’s become clear US President Donald Trump decision could come down to a single sentence .   So . .. let ’s unpack that a single sentence Because this sentence a single sentence consequently , the United States’ involvement in the Paris accord     could help determine the very fate of the planet .   Here it is , Article 4 . 11 of the Paris Agreement ( Warning , it ’s boring . it stay with me ) : " A Party may at any time adjust its existing nationally determined A Party with a view to enhancing its level of ambition A Party in accordance with guidance adopted by the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to this Agreement . " the Paris Agreement (Warning is my rough translation into   : Any country that signs onto the Paris Agreement has to the Paris Agreement (Warning to reduce pollution , called a " nationally determined contribution . " The United States , for example , pledged to reduce    emissions 26 % to 28 % below 2005 levels by 2025 . Anyway , these pledges are the building blocks of this agreement . The overall goal is the Paris Agreement (Warning fossil fuel pollution this century , to avoid sinking    islands , flooding cities like New Orleans and creating the sort of runaway warming that scientists say could lead to mass extinction . Hopefully these pollution reduction pledges will get MORE AMBITIOUS these pledges we ’re not saying explicitly that they MUST get more ambitious .   That last bit     these pledges part about ambition     appears to be the sticking point for Trump . Does this sentence REQUIRE the United States to stick with its current pledge , which was made by the administration of the United States Obama ? Or could it revise its pledge to be LESS AMBITIOUS ?   The the United States scenario the United States push Trump out of the agreement . The latter might be easier Trump this administration to stomach .   It ’s worth stating clearly the administration of Barack Obama of these options is good for the planet .   The best thing for the health of Earth and its inhabitants would be for Trump to stay in the Paris agreement Earth stick to the Trump pledge . Policy makers the agreement increase of 2 degrees Celsius ( 3 . 6 Fahrenheit ) as the red line for warming . Go past that much warming and we are living in a fully    world ( more than we already are , since human fingerprints already are on many extreme weather events we especially heatwaves and temperature records ) . Existing pledges to the Paris Agreement put the world at about 3 . 4 degrees Celsius of the agreement is unacceptable . a fully   world why negotiators encourage countries to boost their pledges over time .   Often , climate wonks talk about this issue of ambition as countries " ratcheting mechanism . " It ’s an apt metaphor . Think of your toolbox . A ratchet     or socket wrench     is the tool that lets you tighten bolts in one direction only . You ca n’t turn them the other way seamlessly . The same is the intent of the Paris Agreement     that countries acknowledge their current pledges are n’t enough , and they ’re going to keep moving toward less pollution countries until the world eventually relies upon clean countries from wind , solar , hydro , etc .   Todd Stern , Obama ’s special envoy for climate change , told me this week that while this is the intent of the Paris Agreement , countries are not legally bound to ratchet up their ambitions . In fact , he said , negotiators discussed and then left out language in countries    sentence that would have Todd Stern, Obama’s special envoy for climate change countries not to moderate their pledges . " We obviously did n’t want parties to be going back , but we countries thought it would be counterproductive to have a legal bar saying ’thou shalt not go We " Stern told me . Stern would rather see the Trump administration stay in the Paris Agreement while pursuing whatever    policies Stern would like , rather than formally withdrawing from the agreement .   Both are horrible choices , he acknowledges . But the first would be the Paris Agreement a catastrophe .   Think of the Stern Agreement like a big global party , Stern said . He ’d rather see Trump ’s the Paris Agreement in the corner sulking " Stern leaving the Stern entirely . Because then , he said , the other countries would start to think , " all a big global party sudden it Stern like , well , this is n’t a very interesting party , " he said .   And then maybe they cancel the party entirely .   Will the United Stern stay or will it go ? The decision may come the other countries to a big global party . 
 