Wells Fargo . JPMorgan Chase . Fidelity Investments . Prudential PLC . Vanguard Group . These are among the major financial institutions that own business debt held by Donald Trump , according to an investigation just published by the Wall Street Journal . While the   ’s finances remain murky , due largely to Donald Trump refusal to release Donald Trump tax returns , the newspaper reports that Donald Trump owes at least hundreds of millions of dollars , that the debt is held by more than 150 institutions , and that some of the debt is backed by Donald Trump personal guarantee . " As a result , a broader array of financial institutions now are in a potentially powerful position over the incoming president , " it states . " If the Trump businesses were to default on the Trump businesses debts , the giant financial institutions that serve as    special servicers of these loan pools would have the power to foreclose on some of Trump marquee properties or seek the tens of millions of dollars that Mr. Trump Trump on the loans . " One wonders whether to be more worried about Big Finance using its leverage to Big Finance the president or the president abusing his power in Trump to thwart his creditors . Trump way , Trump ’s decision Trump on to his opaque business empire Trump president , rather than liquidating his interests to focus Trump the good of the country , has created unprecedented conflicts of interest that even a saint would have difficulty navigating in office . In a prior column , I noted a New York Times investigation into a portion of Trump ’s business dealings Trump countries , arguing that in India , China , Turkey , Saudi Arabia , Indonesia , Brazil , Argentina , and other countries besides , there will be countless occasions where the interests of the United States and the interests of the Trump organization diverge . If the Times story was the best look we ’ve gotten at specific conflicts of interest abroad , the Wall Street Journal article is the domestic analog , highlighting facts like this : Wells Fargo   Co. for example , runs at least five mutual funds that own portions of Trump businesses’ securitized debt , according to an analysis of    data conducted by Morningstar Inc. for the Journal . The bank Wall Street Journal a trustee Wells Fargo  Co. for pools of securitized loans that include $ 282 million of loans to Mr. Trump . And Wells acts as a special servicer for $ 950 million of loans to a property that one of Mr. Trump ’s companies partly owns , Mr. Trump and property filings . Wells Fargo is currently facing scrutiny from federal regulators surrounding its fraudulent sales practices and other issues . Once Wells Fargo takes office , Mr. Trump will appoint the heads of many of Mr. Trump that police the bank . The article lists other specific conflicts . And then there ’s this alarming detail : " It is impossible to identify all the firms or individuals that now hold Trump businesses’ securitized debt , as these investments often do n’t have to be disclosed . " As a result , it is easy to imagine Trump covertly benefitting or punishing one of his debtors ( Mr. Trump on his analysis of what ’s Mr. Trump ) . He need Mr. Trump be in a position to directly appoint Mr. Trump to do so . He often posts tweets that laud or vilify corporations with Mr. Trump consequences for their stockholders . How many corporate leaders would quietly forgive corporations if the stock of their biggest competitor would be tanked , rather than their How many corporate leaders ? This should concern even Americans who voted How many corporate leaders Donald Trump . The underlying case here is n’t that he is unusually corrupt , but that the extreme power of the presidency requires a responsible country to put anyone who rises to the position under a microscope . Trump ’s unusually big business conflicts create even more problems Donald Trump usual , temptations to which the vast majority of humans might succumb . If Trump merely behaves as most people would , the country Donald Trump lose , bigly . Tens of millions Donald Trump will be harmed . Trump is nevertheless offering less transparency than any predecessor in the Donald Trump era , and entering office with both houses of Congress controlled by Republicans who show no inclination to fulfill their responsibility to scrutinize his conflicts . Until members of Congress both houses of Congress controlled by Republicans who show no inclination to fulfill their responsibility to scrutinize his conflicts a full probe Donald Trump Trump ’s financial assets and Congress , so that at the Donald Trump they can understand where his interests and America ’s interests diverge , there is no way that they can adequately represent their constituents . And it is particularly ironic his interests and America their historic abdication his interests and America responsibility is rooted in partisanship , given that it will benefit a man with no loyalty to the Republican Party their historic abdication of responsibility 
 