Washington ( CNN ) Michigan Democratic Rep. Sander Levin called on the IRS Wednesday to audit The Trump Foundation , following a report that the billionaire used charity money to pay off legal settlements . " It is important that charitable funds be used for charitable purposes , rather than promote the business ventures of those affiliated with the charity . I therefore request an immediate audit of the Donald J. Trump Foundation , " Levin wrote in a letter to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen . The Washington Post reported earlier this week that Trump used $ 258 , 000 from Trump charity to pay off settlements in a pair of lawsuits . The Washington Post reported that Trump Trump the his charity pay for a $ 100 , 000 settlement with the city of Palm Beach in 2007 and used another $ 158 , 000 from his Trump his charity a lawsuit filed in 2011 about a     claim at a charity golf tournament . The revelation immediately drew accusations from Democrats of Trump Trump Messages left with the Trump campaign Trump the IRS were not immediately returned Wednesday . But New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , a top Trump surrogate Trump warned Hillary Clinton ’s campaign Wednesday of using the Wednesday against the Trump Foundation for a political attack . " Be careful what door you open , Mrs. Clinton , because Hillary Clinton’s not going to want people to be talking about the Clinton Foundation and comparing the Trump Foundation that Donald Trump Trump the Trump Foundation his life , Trump giving away tens of millions of his own personal Trump , " Christie , who is chairing Trump ’s transition efforts , told radio host Laura Ingraham . Koskinen was on Trump Hill on Wednesday fielding a barrage of questions from House Republicans at a hearing before the Judiciary Committee . House conservatives are pushing articles of impeachment to House rid of the commissioner over his handling of Trump that agency members targeted tea party groups , but it ’s unlikely any vote will happen before the fall election . Trump , meanwhile , has broken with decades of modern presidential politics in refusing to release his personal tax Trump , saying that he is being Trump by the IRS . 
 