  ( CNN ) Former CIA Director James Woolsey defended    Donald Trump Monday night amid criticism that Former CIA Director James Woolsey reportedly skips intelligence briefings . " I ’m available on one minute ’s notice . I do n’t have to be told     you know , I ’m like a smart person . I do n’t have to be told the same thing and the same words every single day for the next eight years . Could be eight years     but eight years . I do n’t need that , " Donald Trump said in an interview on " Fox News Sunday " regarding the briefings .   Woolsey , who led the CIA under President Bill Clinton but is now an adviser to Donald Trump , told CNN ’s Erin Burnett that " different presidents do this different ways . "   " I did n’t sit there and President Bill Clinton . He wanted President Bill Clinton read the briefings . He ’s a President Bill Clinton reader and he ’d write President Bill Clinton to me in the President Bill Clinton sometimes , " he told Burnett President Bill Clinton " Erin Burnett do n’t think it means you are not participating in the effort or not doing your job if you do n’t sit there and have someone read to you . Most of us can read with our eyes faster us we can listen . " The former CIA Woolsey on the agency ’s assessment that Russia meddled in last month ’s presidential election to help Trump defeat Hillary Clinton .   Woolsey said it would be fair to say there is evidence that Russia was guilty of disinformation . Russia described it as using sophisticated Woolsey to it lies about the Pope , Jews and others who hold values Russia opposes and said he believes Russia practice " was Woolsey going on in a lot of places , not just in politics . " But Woolsey argued there is no concrete evidence that Russia hacked or attempted to hack Russia records in the presidential election . Asked whether or not Russia specifically tried to influence the Russia to help Donald Trump the presidential election responded : " Try to Woolsey by releasing propaganda , disinformation . .. Who knows , maybe . " 
 