Washington ( CNN ) The surprisingly close results of Tuesday ’s special election for a House seat in    Kansas should serve as " a warning sign " to the GOP , Sen. Ted Cruz said Wednesday . Sen. Ted Cruz showed the massive shift in the electorate since voters elected Donald Trump President in November . He Sen. Ted Cruz carried the Kansas district by 27 percentage points but on Tuesday , Republican Ron Estes only bested Democrat Jim Thompson for the seat previously represented by new CIA Director Mike Pompeo by 7 points .   Though it ’s far too early to know whether those Democratic gains will hold through the 2018 midterm elections , Kansas was an ominous sign for the GOP ahead of a much closer Georgia 6th District special election next week in Atlanta ’s northern suburbs     as well as other upcoming special elections in Montana and South Carolina .   " The radical left is filled with fury right now , " Cruz ,    told radio host Chris Salcedo . " I mean , they Cruz,    blind with rage . As a result , they Cruz,    energized     they Cruz,    crawl over broken glass . And we knew they Cruz,    show up , and they Cruz,    show up . " Cruz Cruz told the radio host that he stumped for GOP candidate Ron Estes because " the numbers were looking close "     and that his party should view the narrow margin as a he flag .   " I think the election was certainly a warning sign , " Cruz said .   RELATED : Republicans keep Kansas House seat in special election , There are dangers in reading too much into the Kansas race . Special elections , political operatives say , are like snowflakes     each taking place in unique circumstances . In Kansas , Republican Gov. Sam Brownback is hugely unpopular Kansas And national Democrats’ refusal to spend money helping Thompson meant the race flew under the radar     which some the Kansas race could have left Republican voters feeling no sense of urgency to turn out to vote .   The Georgia contest will be a much more accurate barometer of the national mood .   For weeks , money has flooded into the northern Atlanta suburbs . Democrat Jon Ossoff has raised $ 8 . 3 million     and the National Republican Congressional Committee and the Congressional Leadership Fund super PAC have spent millions attacking him     ahead of the    " jungle primary . Democrat Jon Ossoff a fractured ,    Republican field , Democrats hope Ossoff can cross the 50 % threshold and avoid a June Democrat Jon Ossoff runoff with the leading GOP candidate .   The race is also squarely focused on national issues and Trump in particular     unlike Kansas , where Brownback was also a central factor .   In Kansas , Cruz campaigned alongside Estes , the state treasurer , Kansas Monday , introducing him at a rally and calling on citizens to turn out to vote .   " The danger was that many good conservative Kansans would n’t pay much attention to the election and would n’t show up , " Cruz said . " I wanted to do everything I could Cruz help turnout . " RELATED : GOP cavalry heads to Kansas ahead of close House election , To avoid future losses Kansas Republicans must follow through on pledges made to constituents , Cruz said .   " The way to do it is Cruz on our promises , " Cruz said . " That is what I am urging every Cruz . " 
 