NBA Commissioner Adam Silver calls NBA Commissioner Adam Silver a " missed opportunity " if the league refuses to send members to celebrate the NBA Finals championship at the White House under President Donald Trump . [ In an interview with Mike Wise of TheUndefeated . com , NBA Commissioner Adam Silver seemed to urge players to take NBA Commissioner Adam Silver political activism right to the top instead of trying to make a statement by boycotting the Trump White House .   " To NBA Commissioner Adam Silver , if a player were to choose not to go to the White House , whether a player were to choose not to go to the White House were choosing not to go to the current White House or a future White House , my response would be : ‘ That ’s a lost opportunity,’ " Silver said . " Because that ’s an opportunity that most citizens who have a political point of view would kill for   —    the opportunity to directly tell the president of the United States how they feel about an issue . " " Now , if the president of the United States were to say , ‘ I have no interest in what members of the NBA think about an issue,’ that might surprise me and I might have a different response , " Silver Silver . But Silver also noted that the office itself is bigger than any single president . " The institution is bigger than any one man , whether that man be President Obama or President Trump . Ultimately players have to make their players decisions . But if they players seeking my counsel , my my counsel be that they players go to the White House if offered the opportunity , " he said my counsel Silver ’s comments , though , raise the question as to just what he wants my counsel to do . Usually the NBA uses these champion visits to the White the White House advertising , a quick handshake , some short banter , and a photo op with the President of the United States . Never have players used this time for controversial political statements . But with his interview my counsel appears that Silver might urge players to disrupt the normal photo op of past practice and turn an NBA Finals champion visit NBA the White House into the White House Lives Matter activism or other such issues instead of selling basketball to America . In 2017 , will members of the NBA use their visit to NBA House as members of the NBA disruptive the White House a celebration of excellence ? Silver seems to say exactly that . Indeed , Silver in the interview Silver agreed that basketball should be used for activism . " I do feel a particular obligation to focus on the    community in that we have a league that is roughly 75 percent " the commissioner said . " And I feel part of the obligation comes from the history of this league that I ’ve inherited . " Yet , Silver later tried to roll all that urge to Silver back , cautioning against " bright lines " that the league should not toe . " Let me just say we ’re not looking for opportunities to jump in from a political standpoint , " Silver said . " I think we deal with Silver set of circumstances are dealt we us . No one in this league could have we when we awarded the the league to North Carolina that we we be dealing with the LGBT community and fundamental we , including access to bathrooms . " " We do n’t like to be in the business of drawing bright lines . We realize the complexity of the world , " Silver We . It appears the Commissioner wants to have it both ways , he wants the league to indulge political activism while at the Commissioner same time not doing so . Silver also acknowledged that fans getting sick and tired of having politics served up with their basketball . " I hear fans loud and clear Silver say , ‘ How is it that you do business in China when you move the    Game out of North Carolina ? ’ " Silver said . " Because there are not a lot of fundamental protections afforded Chinese citizens that are afforded to American citizens . And I    …      I do n’t have a     response to that . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 