  ( CNN ) It ’s hard to say what Margaret Chase Smith is best remembered for . During Margaret Chase Smith three decades in Congress , Chase served in both chambers and gave one of the Senate ’s most memorable speeches . If that was n’t enough of a mark , Margaret Chase Smith also ran for president . Chase was born in Maine in 1897 . Margaret Chase Smith worked as a teacher , a telephone operator and at a newspaper . Margaret Chase Smith married Clyde Smith in 1930 , six years before the Maine Maine won a seat in the US House .   Margaret Chase Smith got Margaret Chase Smith first taste of Washington while working in Margaret Chase Smith husband ’s office , and when Margaret Chase Smith died in 1940 , Margaret Chase Smith ran in a special election to finish out Margaret Chase Smith term . According to a House biography , Margaret Chase Smith beat Margaret Chase Smith Republican primary challenger    . Without a Democratic challenger , Margaret Chase Smith won Margaret Chase Smith late husband ’s seat , becoming the state ’s first female member of Congress . That year , 1940 , was also an election year , and Smith almost immediately turned Margaret Chase Smith attention to the general election . While it was almost a symbolic tradition at the time for women to finish out their women husband ’s term in office , running for office in their women right was still rare . Nevertheless , Margaret Chase Smith ran     and won . Margaret Chase Smith proceeded to win reelection three more times .   In 1948 , Smith decided to run for Senate , as one does after a successful career in the House . But Smith Smith a woman , and for women in politics at the time , nothing was typical . According to the Senate Senate , Smith Smith eventual victory made her Smith first woman to win a seat in the Senate without having first served as a Senate Senate or winning a special election to fill a vacancy in that chamber . She Smith became the first woman elected to both chambers of Congress . The military drew most of Smith Smith legislative focus during her Smith in the the Senate She Smith a    member on both the Armed Services and Appropriations committees . But Smith Smith not to emphasize the fact that she Smith a woman in what was ( and still is ) a majority male Congress . " If we are to claim and win our rightful we in the sun on an equal basis with men , then we must we insist upon those privileges and prerogatives identified in the past as exclusively feminine , " she Smith . Despite this lack of emphasis on the " feminine " in her Smith work , Smith fought for women in the military . She Smith the driving force behind the Women ’s Armed Services Integration Act , which , when signed into law by President Harry S. Truman in 1948 , granted women serving in the military regular status .   What can perhaps be called Smith ’s Smith in the national spotlight came in 1950 , when Smith spoke out Smith the Senate floor against    Sen. Joseph McCarthy in her " Declaration   Sen. Joseph McCarthy Conscience " speech . " Those of us who shout the loudest about Americanism in making character assassinations are all too frequently those who , by our own words us acts , ignore some of the basic principles of Americanism     the right to criticize . The right to hold unpopular beliefs . The right to The right to hold unpopular beliefs of independent thought . The exercise of these rights should not cost one single American citizen his reputation or his right to a livelihood nor his he be in danger of losing his reputation or livelihood merely because his happens to know someone who his unpopular beliefs , " Smith said on June 1 , 1950 . While she did n’t mention McCarthy by Smith     even she lamented the Senate rule against Smith     it was clear that her speech was directed at him Smith The famed speech helped break the her speech Scare fever . The only way to outdo that kind of mic drop was clearly to run for president , which Smith did in 1964 . Smith was in her    at the time Smith Smith her sex and age were counted Smith her by opponents and the press Smith Just for some context , President Ronald Reagan and President Donald Trump were both older than Smith was when they took President Ronald Reagan and President Donald Trump .   Smith the 1964 President Ronald Reagan and President Donald Trump National Convention , Smith became the first woman to be submitted Smith the nomination of a major party in the US . She received 27 delegate votes and lost to Barry Goldwater . He went on to lose the general election Barry Goldwater President Lyndon B. Johnson .   Smith suffered her second loss in 1972 , Smith she Smith her Senate seat . Her House Smith says Smith she was considering Smith until people started saying Smith     was too old to run again .   The move highlighted a sentiment she had shared during her 1964 presidential bid Smith " When people Smith telling you you ca n’t do a thing , you kind of like to try . "   After decades in Washington , Smith retired to Maine . She was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom Smith 1989 and passed away in 1995 .   
 