Washington ( CNN ) Republicans are unanimous in Republicans desire to " repeal and replace " President Barack Obama ’s signature health care law     but Republicans are already flirting with not having the 50 votes needed to pass the bill in the Senate .   Republicans have 52 seats in the Senate , meaning they Republicans only afford to lose three members of their Republicans before they Republicans not pass legislation without Democratic votes . ( In the case of a    tie , the vice president casts the tie breaker     presumably in favor of the GOP side . ) While only one Republican     Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul     has thus far signaled he Republican    Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul     vote no on the Obamacare repeal mechanism currently moving through the Senate , potential flashpoints have already emerged that could jeopardize further votes .   House Republican    Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul     support of using the Obamacare repeal measure to strip federal funding for Planned Parenthood , an organization that provides abortions as part of its broader reproductive health Planned Parenthood services to men and women , could cost the GOP two key votes . That measure would likely the Obamacare repeal measure the House , but House rights GOP senators , Susan Collins of GOP and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , wo n’t commit to approving the bill with the Planned Parenthood provision in it .   " I ’m the Obamacare repeal measure to wait and see what happens , " Collins told reporters on Thursday , Susan Collins she thinks it ’s too early Susan Collins decide how she will vote on the bill Susan Collins " Obviously , the bill with the Planned Parenthood provision in it not happy to hear the speaker ’m to include defunding of Planned Parenthood , an extremely controversial issue in the package . " Murkowski has said this week she Lisa Murkowski n’t " speculate " Lisa Murkowski how she may vote on a hypothetical Lisa Murkowski package . When asked her position Thursday , Murkowski ’s Lisa Murkowski Karina Petersen Thursday Lisa Murkowski " is concerned about defunding Planned Parenthood as she is a longtime support of Planned Lisa Murkowski and has opposed broadly defunding the Planned Parenthood " Paul has already voted against moving forward on the measure , which repeals Obamacare through a procedure called budget reconciliation . By voting on Obamacare through the budget process , the Senate can Obamacare the measure with a simply majority     meaning they the measure, which repeals Obamacare through a procedure called budget reconciliation no Democratic votes to repeal the Affordable the Senate Act .   The    Kentucky Republican has spoken out against the measure , however , because he says it would the measure, which repeals Obamacare through a procedure called budget reconciliation spending and does n’t balance The   Kentucky Republican budget the measure, which repeals Obamacare through a procedure called budget reconciliation He ’s already trying to rally his colleagues and members of The   Kentucky Republican budget hawkish House Freedom Caucus The   Kentucky Republican join him , though he has n’t found any takers yet . The   Kentucky Republican Efforts to The   Kentucky Republican Planned Parenthood threaten Obamacare repeal , Instead , Paul wants to replace Obamacare on the same day Republicans repeal The   Kentucky Republican law . He Obamacare Friday that night that he had spoken with Trump The   Kentucky Republican who he said " fully The   Kentucky Republican " the proposal . Repeal and The   Kentucky Republican on replace , The GOP may face a further internal debate over the " replace " piece of the puzzle .   While many Republicans support using budget reconciliation to repeal Obamacare , which is possible due to the tax and    elements of Obamacare , they can not use the tactic to replace the bill . many Republicans flex muscle with    majority , Many Republicans have favored a plan to repeal the bill early in the Trump administration and then take time the bill up with a plan to replace it .    On Thursday , Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn said that he would be against a " comprehensive " bill , and would Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn instead smaller measures to replace it .   But Paul has been joined by Sen. Tom Cotton a "comprehensive" bill of Arkansas in Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn a repeal with an immediate replacement .   " I think when we repeal Obamacare we need to have the solution in place moving forward , " we Arkansas Republican told MSNBC ’s Chuck Todd Thursday . " I do n’t think we can just repeal Obamacare and say we ’re going to get we answer two years Obamacare now . we is a very complicated problem . " Trump himself has also spoken in favor of immediate replacement     though it ’s unclear if he was referring to when the replacement would take effect or when it should be passed . As insurance providers have already set their the replacement for the coming year , the repeal would not affect insurance providers this year regardless of when it was passed .   " No the coming year ’re going to do the repeal simultaneously . It ’ll be just fine , " Trump told CBS’ the repeal 60 Minutes the repeal in November when asked if there would be any gap in coverage . " We ’re not going to have , like , a    period and we ’re not going to have a    period where there ’s nothing We It will be repealed and replaced . " 
 