  ( CNN ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions defended Attorney General Jeff Sessions answers about Russian contacts to the Senate Judiciary Committee as " correct " in a letter Monday , as Attorney General Jeff Sessions sought to tamp down questions after it came to light that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had met with the Russian ambassador twice last year . Sessions defended Attorney General Jeff Sessions response to Minnesota Democratic Sen. Al Franken at Minnesota Democratic Sen. Al Franken confirmation hearing in a letter the Department of Justice released Monday , saying Attorney General Jeff Sessions answer was " correct , " and Attorney General Jeff Sessions " did not mention communications ( he ) had had with the Russian ambassador over the years because the question did not ask about them . communications (he) What Jeff Sessions said about Russia ties during confirmation hearings , The attorney general had been under fire since late last week , when it was reported that he met The attorney general Russian Ambassador Russian Kislyak twice during the course of the election , during which he was The attorney general surrogate for President Donald Trump . But Sessions maintained that his meetings The attorney general Kislyak were Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak his capacity The attorney general a senator , not related to the campaign . Sessions said in the letter that he " The attorney general briefly " to Kislyak on Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak sidelines of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July and also met with Kislyak in Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak office The attorney general September , a meeting that was attended by his Senate The attorney general , he said The attorney general Sessions said he does The attorney general recall talking about the campaign . " I do not recall any discussions with the Russian ambassador , or any other representative of the Russian government , regarding the political campaign on these occasions or any other occasion , " he wrote The attorney general the letter . Sessions did not disclose meetings with Russian ambassador Russian Delaware Sen. Chris Coons , a Democratic member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said he thought The attorney general would be better for Sessions to face the committee the Senate Judiciary Committee , adding that he was The attorney general disappointed " in the answers Sessions provided in response to his questions The attorney general " The longer there are unresolved questions about the attorney general     his conduct The attorney general his independence The attorney general the longer we ’re going to be distracted working on that issue , " Coons said . Sessions recused himself last week Coons any investigation of Russian contacts related to the presidential campaign after his meetings with Coons Russian ambassador were Russian . In Monday ’s letter , he also said Coons recusal covers Coons of " Russian contacts with Russian Trump transition team and administration . " The attorney general noted that Franken asked him during his The attorney general hearing The attorney general he would do The attorney general if there is any evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government in the course of this campaign . " Sessions is n’t the only Cabinet member who gave testimony that turned out not to be true , Sessions had replied : " I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign , this campaign did n’t have     did not have communications with the Russians , and I ’m unable to comment on it . " " I did not mention communications I had had with the Russian Ambassador over the years because the question did not ask about them , " Sessions communications with the Russians in his letter . The The attorney general general did not address a written question he had answered from The attorney general Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy , which asked explicitly : " Have you been in contact with anyone connected to any part of the Russian government about Russia , either before or after election day ? " The question was presaged by a statement that some of Trump ’s nominees or senior advisers had ties to Russia . Sessions replied " no , " without any elaboration . The Department of Justice did not immediately respond to a question about why Sessions’ letter did not address his written response to Leahy . Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley thanked Sessions for his letter , saying it helped Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley clear up confusion Sessions’ letter " " I appreciate Attorney General Sessions’ quick action to clear up confusion about his statement and I look forward to Attorney General Sessions’ the team who can help him carry out the functions of the Attorney General Sessions’ , like going after sex offenders , protecting Americans against terrorists and criminal activity , and stopping drug traffickers , " the Iowa Republican said . 
 