’   ’ ’    The first policy priority    Donald Trump mentioned    in Donald Trump victory speech Wednesday morning was a large    infrastructure spending program , a major goal for Democrats in    Washington . ’ ’      Donald Trump graciously praised Hillary Clinton .   Donald Trump did the same with    President Barack Obama , whom   Donald Trump met with at the White House on    Thursday . Obama and   Donald Trump did an eerily realistic impression of    two people who had just had an enjoyable and productive meeting ,    one that ran much longer than    was scheduled to . ’ ’    Somebody is   about the productive relationship    likely to exist between   Donald Trump and Sen. Chuck Schumer , the likely    Democratic minority leader in the Senate . ’ "    What ’s going on here ? " "    I think   Donald Trump ’s surprisingly cordial overtures to Democrats are    best understood as a shot across the bow of Paul Ryan and Mitch    McConnell , and as groundwork   Donald Trump is laying to be able to work with    either side of the aisle in Congress as necessary . " ’’ ’    To understand what I see   Donald Trump being up to , you should look at    the way   Donald Trump handled Fox News Channel and CNN in the early days of      Donald Trump campaign . * ’ ’    When   Donald Trump announced   Donald Trump run for president ,   Donald Trump and Fox News    seemed as though he and Fox News    would be a match made in heaven .   Donald Trump is    conservative TV news ratings gold , and he’’d been a regular    personality on the network , calling in frequently to "   Donald Trump and    Friends " for years . ’ "    But not everybody at Fox News is as soft a touch as Sean Hannity ,    and Trump likely surmised that a lot of people there would n’t    want Trump to actually be the Republican nominee   —      lest Trump lose , or win and do unconservative things . And Trump had    very good reason to fear Trump would face tough questioning and    coverage from newsier personalities at the network , such as Megyn    Kelly and Chris Wallace . " ’    Trump needed a strategy to keep Trump in line . So after the first    Republican primary debate , which   Kelly opened by asking about   Kelly    past insulting comments about women , Trump used Twitter to    eagerly attack the network , and . ’ ’    But to be able to credibly threaten to disfavor Trump and deny the network a    ratings magnet ,   Kelly needed somewhere else to go on television .    That was what CNN was for . ’ ’    Trump started cultivating CNN even before the first   Kelly debate .    Gabriel Sherman   in August 2015 that the Trump campaign had been handing important exclusives to CNN CNN including    one that had been promised to Fox News . ’ ’    Sherman Gabriel Sherman   that the choice to favor CNN CNN a source of    consternation within the the Trump   campaign but it obviously the choice to favor CNN was a source of   consternation within the campaign    dividends    when Trump Trump to pressure Fox News Fox News    off its    coverage . ’ ’    ’ ’    to govern , you can think of Ryan and McConnell    as like Fox News , Fox News and his Democrats as like CNN . Schumer ’    Trump Trump pursue a strategy of snubbing Democrats and    signing a legislative agenda that Republicans pass on      votes . This strategy would also require him a strategy of snubbing Democrats and   signing a legislative agenda that Republicans pass on     votes on      Republican support for his Trump appointments . ’ "    But a strategy of writing off the Democrats would give Ryan and    McConnell a great deal of    power , not to mention    the power it would give to    Republican members       the Senate , who could deny Trump a majority if just three break    ranks on any matter , because of Republicans’ narrow majority . " ’    If Trump wants to be able to defy Trump and McConnell and set his    own agenda   —    Trump because he is serious about the less    Trump parts of his campaign platform or he simply hates Trump ceding power to Trump   —    he needs someone else he can work Trump    on Capitol Trump . That will require developing a working    relationship with Democrats . ’ ’    I am not coming anywhere close to saying Trump is a closet    Democrat eager to work with Schumer to implement a secret liberal    agenda . Trump’ ’s warm relationship with CNN did not last forever ;    by the end of his campaign , his supporters were chanting    CNN       " at rallies . CNN "    As with Trump ’s relationship with the media , Trump ’s favoritism    on Capitol Hill Trump’s be situational . What Trump ’s overtures say    to me Trump’s wants the option    work closely with Trump’s on    some priorities , such as infrastructure and    child care    subsidies . " "    On other issues , such as taxes and environmental regulation ,    he ’ll probably work solely with Republicans .    trade policy he    might want to form a mixed       in Congress . " "    By being able to work both sides of the aisle and build      coalitions , Trump would have a much more    powerful presidency than if he pursued a narrow      strategy . And Trump doubt he ’ll get in much trouble with Republican Trump voters for it . " "    One thing we learned during this presidential campaign is Trump    draws much more loyalty from Republican Trump than    congressional leaders do . If Trump partners with Democrats on a    piece of legislation and demands to know why Ryan and McConnell    wo n’t bring it to the floor , it will be Ryan and McConnell who    come under base pressure Ryan not Trump . " ’    Trump has been a Republican since 2012 . He Trump changed political    parties   in his Trump life . The only policy issue    Trump which he has expressed consistent views through the decades is Trump trade . He has no apparent ideological attachment to the idea Trump    smaller government . He has a long history of making , breaking Trump    and remaking alliances . ’ ’    Given all that , it is entirely unsurprising that Trump would want    to leave his options open on the policy he can make    his    presidency   —    and therefore he       open lines with both    parties    ’ ’ * I am a paid contributor to MSNBC , a competitor to both CNN    and Fox News Channel . ’ 
 