Washington ( CNN ) Former FBI Director James Comey is set to testify Thursday before the Senate on Former FBI Director James Comey interactions with President Donald Trump , and a copy of Former FBI Director James Comey testimony released Wednesday is full of    details .   Here is a collection of some of the most    lines in the fired FBI director ’s testimony , released by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence .   1 . " Former FBI Director James Comey said Former FBI Director James Comey would do that and added , ’Because I have been very loyal to you , very loyal we had that thing you know.’ I did not reply or ask Former FBI Director James Comey what Former FBI Director James Comey meant by ’that thing . ’ "     Former FBI Director James Comey describing an April 11 phone call with Trump in which Former FBI Director James Comey told the President to contact the attorney general instead of the FBI director directly . 2 . " Former FBI Director James Comey said Former FBI Director James Comey had nothing to do with Russia , had not been involved with hookers in Russia , and had always assumed Former FBI Director James Comey was being recorded when in Russia . "     Former FBI Director James Comey describing a March 30 phone call in which Trump called the Russia investigation a " cloud . " 3 . " Former FBI Director James Comey asked what we could do to ’lift a "cloud . ’ "     Former FBI Director James Comey describing the March 30 phone call .   4 . " A few moments later , Former FBI Director James Comey said , ’I need loyalty , I expect loyalty.’ I did n’t move , speak , or change my facial expression in any way during the awkward silence that followed . "     Comey Former FBI Director James Comey a January 27     dinner with the Former FBI Director James Comey     5 . " I discussed with the FBI ’s leadership team whether I should be prepared to assure    Trump that we were not investigating him personally . Trump was true we did not we an open    case on him . We Trump I we do so if circumstances warranted . . .. I offered that assurance . "     Comey on a January 6 meeting with Trump , explaining Trump he was told Comey any investigation into him personally . Comey 6 . " When the door by the grandfather clock closed , and we were alone we the President began Comey , ’I want to talk about Mike Flynn . ’ "     Comey describing a February Comey meeting in the Oval Office , during which Trump excused the Trump participants to speak to Comey alone . 
 Comey 