  ( CNN ) A man who caused a disturbance aboard an American Airlines flight from Los Angeles to Honolulu on Friday was detained and will likely face charges , an FBI special agent said . The man , identified as Anil Tuvanc Uskanli     a Turkish national born in     was subdued by crew members and passengers , including an    Los Angeles police officer .   A man who caused a disturbance aboard an American Airlines flight from Los Angeles to Honolulu on Friday is expected to face federal charges for interference with a flight crew , FBI special agent Paul Delacourt told reporters . Investigators are still trying to determine the motive behind the disturbance .   Allison Forburger , who lives in Hawaii , where she works for the Navy , said the man was moving toward the    section of the cabin with a blanket over the man head when a flight attendant directed the man to stop . As the suspect approached the drink cart at the rear of first class , a flight attendant told him , " Sir the suspect please stop the suspect Sir , I need the suspect to go back to your seat . " Forburger , sitting in an aisle seat at the front of economy class , said other passengers helped the flight attendant get a flight attendant toward the back of the plane . The man did not fight with the suspect passengers and left a black other passengers been clutching to his chest the suspect the drink cart , the suspect said . The incidents is still Forburger investigation but officials said there were not other threats to the American Airlines or any other aircraft .   No explosives were found on the airplane and the cockpit was not breached , Delacourt said . ’Taped him to his chair’ Passenger Lee Lorenzen told CNN Delacourt KITV Delacourt the flight attendant told the man : " You ’re not coming in here " and used the cart to block his path . But Forburger said the cart was the man in the way as the the cart were picking up dishes from    passengers who had just finished lunch . She recalled the crew member saying , " I need Forburger , I need help , I need to get this guy back to his seat . "   She lost sight of the the crew member , but Lorenzen told Forburger and CNN affiliate    the man was    to a seat . " It the crew member , " Lee Lorenzen told   . " He was pushing against the Lorenzen a bunch of guys grabbed Lorenzen . They found some duct tape . There were pillows and Lorenzen . the cart and a bunch of guys they taped him to his chair . " One of the passengers the cart and a bunch of guys helped Lorenzen an Lorenzen law enforcement officer , the FBI said . The suspect was met by authorities when the Airbus 321 landed in Lorenzen " Due to a disturbance during the flight , the crew requested that law enforcement meet the aircraft upon landing in Honolulu the cart and a bunch of guys American Airlines said in a statement . Video from    showed Honolulu law enforcement officers escorting a person with hands behind their back off the plane . Incident at LAX , The Department of Homeland two law enforcement officers tweeted that the person was detained and the incident appeared to be isolated . " At this time , there are no other reports of disruptions to flights , " the department tweeted . We continue to monitor all flights out of an abundance The Department of Homeland Security and will provide updates as necessary . " President Donald Trump was also briefed on incident , Trump ’s spokesman Sean Spicer said . Earlier , the man , who purchased his President Donald Trump midnight , had an encounter with airport personnel at the airport in Los President Donald Trump , an official briefed on the incident told CNN . The man attempted to use a door    to the public incident a. m. PT ( an official m. ET ) while waiting for his flight . The suspect was cleared to fly after that incident .   The airliner left Los an official International Airport at 8:43 a. m. PT ( incident ) for the nearly    flight , according to FlightAware . com . Two    Raptors from the Hawaiian Air National Guard escorted the plane for the final part of the flight , Navy Cmdr . Dave Benham said . 
 The airliner the nearly   flight 