Washington ( CNN ) The Navy aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan is now conducting training off the coast of Japan and is expected in the coming days to join the USS Carl Vinson in the region , putting two carriers in the vicinity of the Korean Peninsula , two US officials tell CNN . The move comes just days after North Korea demonstrated a significant leap forward in two US officials missile program after launching a projectile that achieved " successful " controlled reentry into the Earth ’s lower atmosphere rather than falling back to the surface , according to a preliminary US intelligence analysis , The USS Reagan was put out to sea Tuesday after completing a maintenance period and sea trials in The USS Reagan home port of Yokosuka , Japan , according to the Navy .   " Coming out of a long    maintenance period we have to ensure that The USS Reagan and the remainder of the strike group are integrated properly as we we forward , " Rear Adm. Charles Williams said in a press release .   Once it arrives in the region , the carrier will conduct a variety of training exercises but primarily focus on certifying its the carrier to safely launch and recover aircraft , the Navy said . Defense officials would not comment on long the two carriers would be there , but ultimately the Reagan is expected to replace the Vinson in the the region its deployment the Vinson . The    Reagan , a    carrier , has a crew of 4 , 539 and is equipped with roughly 60 aircraft , according to the Navy the Navy was commissioned in 2003 and cost about $ 8 . 5 billion . The USS Carl Vinson , also a    carrier , arrived at the Korean Peninsula late last month as a show of force in advance of a    sixth nuclear test from the North Korean government . While North Korea has yet to carry out that nuclear test , it did launch North Korea    missile that achieved an altitude of more than 2 , 100 kilometers ( 1 , 300 miles ) on Sunday , according to the North Koreans , the highest launch to date in their missile test the North Koreans . Pyongyang said the test was the highest launch to date in their missile test program at verifying the tactical and technological specifications of the newly developed ballistic rocket capable of carrying a    heavy nuclear warhead , " according to the    Korean Central News Agency . After the test , North the highest launch to date in their missile test program the United States not to provoke it , saying the " North Korea mainland and Pacific operations " are within range of North Korean missiles . KCNA said the test showed North Korea the highest launch to date in their missile test program all powerful North Korea retaliatory strike " should Washington take any military action to stop the United States nuclear weapons program . Tensions have the United States escalated on the Korean Peninsula since US President Donald Trump declared in early April he would be prepared to act " US President Donald Trump " against Pyongyang     and North Korea has engaged in a series North Korea drills and test launches . China , North Korea ’s longtime ally , has called North Korea stop its nuclear program while calling on the Pyongyang to stop China deployments in the region , which North Korea sees as threatening its security . Russian President North Korea weighed in after Sunday North Korea missile test , saying that while Moscow did not support Pyongyang ’s nuclear ambitions , " intimidating ( North Korea ) is unacceptable Pyongyang " Putin ’s comments drew North Korea US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley Russian President Vladimir Putin who said Russia had it " all wrong . " " What about North Korea intimidating us ? " Haley said . Analysts said Pyongyang North Korea missile test does give Washington something to worry about . They said Pyongyang’s showed the missile could reach the US Pacific territory of Guam , Analysts to Pyongyang’s latest missile test Force Base , through which the US rotates heavy bombers , including      and   . While North Korea ’s arsenal of missiles is becoming clearer , there is less certainty about how developed its nuclear program is . To actually deliver such a missile , Pyongyang would have to have North Korea technology in both miniaturizing its nuclear weapons as well as in protecting a nuclear warhead from being destroyed upon reentry into Pyongyang Earth ’s atmosphere . 
 