Veteran pollster Pat Caddell joined Wednesday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM to discuss the latest presidential polls and the continued fallout from Hillary Clinton ’s " basket of deplorables " comment . [ Breitbart     Alex Marlow asked Veteran pollster Pat Caddell if Breitbart    Alex Marlow thought Donald Trump ’s    lead in the latest L. A. Times tracking poll was credible . Veteran pollster Pat Caddell described the L. A. Times methodology of querying a panel of voters daily as an " experimental approach , " and said Veteran pollster Pat Caddell was " fascinated " by the results .   " I think the results ’s a credible approach , " Veteran pollster Pat Caddell said . " Certainly I have a lot more interest in the results than I do , for instance , the Washington Post poll , which is historically , in every election , can not get the   —    some polls tilt one way , I guess , some tilt the other . This has always tilted over This sampling , overly Democratic . This ’s a    margin in their last poll , which showed Trump down 5 . So if you take This to where This is , at best , basically a    Democratic Party preference edge , you had basically a dead heat , but you know the Washington Post ca n’t report something like that . " He noted that the L. A. Times does n’t poll on Saturday , so the " big shift " from Clinton + 1 to Trump + 5 took less than a week . " We ’re going to know a lot more in a couple of days . I ’m really anxious to see the latest numbers we get out of we poll that ’s in the field now , " He said , referring to the Breitbart    poll , which He oversees . Caddell expected to see the " impact of the health questions " about Hillary Clinton in the next Breitbart    News poll , particularly the " stunning revelations " that " Hillary Clinton fainted several times , the FBI statement that Hillary Clinton claimed , because of Hillary Clinton concussion , that Hillary Clinton could n’t remember some of Hillary Clinton briefings and things . " " Hillary Clinton ’s fit and ready to go , folks , " he said sarcastically . Furthermore , he thought Clinton ’s polling could suffer from " the whole thing about transparency , and not being forthcoming , and then Hillary Clinton comment   —    ‘ Well , we did n’t think it was that important,’ basically , when important,’ was asked on CNN , ‘ we did n’t think it was a big deal . ’ " important,’ noted how so many doctors , including those who have called into Breitbart News Daily , say " the first thing those who have called into Breitbart News Daily should have done is taken important,’ to a hospital " after Clinton collapsed on Sunday , making important,’ refusal to do so into a question about important,’ judgment , in the minds of voters . Caddell did n’t want to forget about the other big Clinton story from the weekend , important,’ statement that half of Trump ’s voters belonged in a " basket of deplorables . " " ’s voters ’re going crazy on ‘ Morning Joe’ this morning , because Mike Pence would n’t use the word ‘ deplorable,’ " Mike Pence observed . " This is the usual game here . We ’ll come up with a narrative word , and then We ’ll start down every list of people in the world . " " She attacked the American people . She did n’t attack David Duke , " Caddell stated firmly . " Mike Pence denounced David Duke in even harsher terms , but because David Duke wo n’t play their game , which is to kind of suck you in , you just keep sliding into he won’t play their game, which is to kind of suck you in . " Caddell tore into The Establishment for backing up Clinton ’s arrogance : The Establishment has really doubled down , because they are saying The Establishment ‘ We really think The Establishment ’re all a bunch of racists and bigots , and you ’re too stupid to know what you ’re doing if you ’re voting for Trump . These things are , I think , not resonating well . This shows you how out of touch , not just Hillary Clinton   Clinton the thing Hillary Clinton said , Clinton , as we now know , a prepared remarks , which I was stunned at , the day before yesterday , to find out .   What Trump needs to make clear Trump I think here   —    or will , I assume   —    is that this is n’t just the view of Hillary Clinton and her campaign Clinton is a Clinton of the entire governing establishment of America   …      and particularly the media , which is no longer a media devoted to fact , it is an outrider , it ’s the assassination squad of it governing elite . It ’s not just Democrats against it . That ’s the structure we ’re told we have to deal with . we the election now comes into focus , it ’s a battle between the the election of the country and its political media overlords of the the election class . And that ’s why they ’re hysterical . I mean , they ’re hysterical because their power they in threat   they      it kind of makes their entire careers look like , they ’m sorry , it ’s a lost cause . it saluted Caddell as one of the first longtime media fixtures to understand how thoroughly the media has betrayed its audience , to curry favor the media the political class . Caddell was quick to say he Caddell not alone . " Caddell like to say the most interesting group of people are those of us who have defected from the evolution of the political elite , " he said . " My position Caddell , I do n’t check my voter registration card to figure out today which of my principles I ’m allowed to believe in . It ’s useless to watch these discussions on TV   …      a lot of the stuff is the    I mean , they ’re Bush Republicans who hate Trump , and they ’re part of the Establishment they " Caddell defined that Establishment as " a political class which continues to think that they were the supreme and that they were    picking and choosing they people who would be like them and think like them , they imposing on the they people what they wanted , which benefited them they but not the people they and never being held to any standards of success or failure . " " The American people have every right the American people this is what I ’ve said about the ‘ deplorables’ statement and the support for it . It is an attack on the deplorables’ right of the American people , the legitimacy of their the American people their feeling that the political leadership the American people failed them , the American people he concluded . Breitbart News Daily airs the American people SiriusXM Patriot the political leadership weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 