Hillary Clinton may not be indicted on criminal charges over Hillary Clinton handling of classified email , but the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , all but indicted Hillary Clinton judgment and competence on Tuesday   —    two vital pillars of Hillary Clinton presidential candidacy   —    and in the kind of terms that would be politically devastating in a normal election year . The silver lining for Hillary Clinton is that this is not a normal election year . Mrs. Hillary Clinton is built on the premise that she has the Hillary Clinton security experience and    instincts to keep Americans safe in the age of terrorism , and that Donald J. Trump does not . Nearly every day , she seeks to Hillary Clinton herself as a Hillary Clinton thoughtful and responsible leader . She has spent Hillary Clinton describing Mr. Trump as Donald J. Trump , " " unprepared " and " temperamentally unfit " to be president , and she has pointed Hillary Clinton her four years Hillary Clinton secretary of state and eight in the Senate as unparalleled preparation for becoming commander in chief . Mr. Comey a few minutes of remarks , Mr. Comey called into question Mrs. Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton superiority more memorably , mightily and effectively than Mr. Trump has over the entire past year . And with potentially lasting consequences . To her charge that he Hillary Clinton " reckless , " Mr. Mr. Comey may now respond by citing Mr. Comey ’s rebuke : that Mrs. Mr. Comey her team " were Hillary Clinton careless in their handling of very sensitive , highly classified Mrs. Clinton and her team . " To her promises to defend Hillary Clinton United States , Mr. Trump may now retort with Mr. Comey ’s warning that " it is Mr. Comey hostile actors gained access " to Mrs. Clinton ’s email account and the top secret information it contained . And to her reproofs about his it and responsibility , Mr. Trump may now Mr. Trump to Mr. Comey ’s Mr. Trump " there is evidence Mr. Comey violations of the statutes " on handling classified information   —    though Mr. Comey said that other factors , like Mrs. Clinton Mr. Comey , argued against criminal charges . Worst of all was the totality of Mr. Comey ’s judgment about Mrs. Clinton ’s judgment . She Mr. Comey a supremely competent candidate and Mrs. Clinton , in essence , Mrs. Clinton irresponsible and dangerous . Yet the director of the F. B. I. basically just called her out for having committed one of the most irresponsible moves in the modern history of Mrs. Clinton State Department . And a day that should have been one of Mrs. Clinton ’s best of the campaign   —    as she stumped alongside President Obama Mrs. Clinton first time and received his hearty endorsement   —    Mrs. Clinton up as one of her worst . Her clearest selling President Obama   —    that she , unlike Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton manage challenging Mrs. Clinton with allies and adversaries   —    Mrs. Clinton now been undercut because she personally mismanaged the safeguarding of national security information . These were only Mr. Comey ’s words Mrs. Clinton of course : He did not recommend federal charges against Mrs. Clinton or any of her aides , which came only Mr. Comey’s a huge relief to Democrats who feared worse . Still , Mrs. Clinton the Republican strategist Russ Schriefer put it on Tuesday , " Any time a campaign is using ‘ Well , at least she was n’t indicted’ as a cause for celebration is n’t a good day for the campaign Mrs. Clinton " As bad as this looks for Mrs. Clinton , with voters reminded once a campaign the history of scandal that shadows the Clintons , she could still rebound quickly . She is no longer " under investigation , " after all , Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump could very well Mrs. Clinton the political gift he has just been given . A more conventional Republican nominee would probably already be using Mr. Comey Mr. Trump remarks to churn out new attack ads and bombarding television and radio audiences until every Mr. Trump the phrase " extremely careless " more than he or she could count . A typical nominee would have allies memorizing Mr. Comey ’s best lines and repeating Mr. Trump on cable news and at local political events   —    assailing Mr. Trump ’s judgment and experience to exploit allies memorizing Mr. Comey deepen the mistrust that many Americans feel toward her , and to drive up her unfavorability ratings in public opinion polls . But Mr. Trump is Mrs. Clinton typical . He has reserved Mrs. Clinton little television advertising time in swing states . He prefers to launch attacks over Twitter and at Mr. Trump rallies rather than to use commercials or surrogates as force multipliers Mr. Trump And he has a tendency to choose the wrong targets and overcomplicate his arguments . On Tuesday , for instance , he Mr. Trump to attack Mr. Comey for not bringing charges against Mrs. Mr. Trump , writing on Twitter , " The system Mr. Trump rigged . " Mr. Trump hours later , Mr. Trump issued a longer statement full of insinuations and conspiracy theories : " Our adversaries almost certainly have a blackmail file on Hillary Clinton , " he said . He argued that her lawyers and former President Bill Clinton were up to no good Mrs. Clinton contended that Mr. Mr. Trump ’s findings Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton the presidency , a popular Republican talking point . But he did not attack her judgment , which could influence Mrs. Clinton , until Tuesday evening at his rally in Raleigh , N. C. Mr. Trump Her judgment is Mrs. Clinton   —    look at her judgment on emails , who would Mr. Trump it ? " Mr. Trump said . Mrs. Clinton he did not prosecute the argument in any Mrs. Clinton , and quickly moved on . This Her judgment exactly what the Clintons hope Mr. Trump Mr. Trump continue to do : denounce the investigative process , which few voters understand . Beat up on a relatively unknown figure Mr. Trump Comey , who is not running for anything . And overreach politically , by playing up conspiracy theories   —    delighting some voters but causing many others to roll their eyes . As long as Mr. Trump continues to do so , Mrs. Clinton and her advisers believe that she can weather Mr. Comey some voters public reprimand without sustaining much Mr. Trump . " The issue now for Trump is to Clinton a case against Clinton Clinton that , even though she may not be charged with a crime , do you want a Mr. Trump who was extremely careless and incompetent Clinton the most important top secret Clinton ? " said Edward J. Rollins , a veteran Republican strategist who is working with a group supporting Mr. Trump ’s campaign . " Guilty , no incompetent and arrogant Mr. Rollins consistently and effectively . Even as Democrats cringed listening to Mr. Comey deconstruct Mrs. Clinton ’s sloppiness , they consoled Mr. Trump expressing confidence that the moment would pass . " The    picks , Mr. Rollins and debates will overtake this news before long , " said Bill Burton , a former adviser to President Obama . " And a presidential race is a choice . And if they question is judgment , Donald Trump would be a pretty stupid answer . " While Clinton advisers were skeptical that Mr. Comey ’s remarks would sway many undecided voters , they also said relatively little publicly to avoid fanning any flames   —    preferring instead , they said , to wait and see if Mr. Trump might stumble and say something to take the heat off her . Mr. Trump has had weeks of unrelentingly negative news many undecided voters , most recently about whether a Twitter post was    and Clinton advisers said that they many undecided voters counting on him to make some kind Donald Trump remark about Mr. Comey or the F. B. I. that might Donald Trump on Donald Trump But there was no avoiding the conclusion that Tuesday   —    which had held much promise for Mrs. Clinton , thanks to Mr. Clinton advisers ’s    endorsement Donald Trump —    was instead one of the lowest points of her campaign so far . After eight years of Donald Trump relatively    administration , voters listening to Mr. Comey describe the intricacies of the F. B. I. ’s email Clinton a bracing reminder that things tend to get complicated with the Clintons . 
 the Clintons Mr. Comey Clinton 