Nolan D. McCaskill and Nick Gass write at Politico about the Trump campaign and Trump supporters response to Speaker Paul Ryan ’s refusal to support the Republican Party ’s presumptive nominee at this time . [ Trump has said Trump ’s imperative to unite the Republican Party’s —    though Trump ’s pushed back against complete unity , emphasizing that certain Republicans who have been critical of Trump should go their own certain Republicans who have been critical of him . During an interview with Sirius XM and " Breitbart News Daily , " Trump said on Friday morning that Trump liked Ryan but expressed some reservations about his most Ryan critic .   " He ’s Ryan it under the banner of unity , when in actuality that ’s the opposite of unity , " Trump said of Ryan ’s Ryan " I ’ve also had many people say that I ’m better off , but I do n’t believe that . I think we should have unity . I think it would be better to have him . But Ryan ’s just too bad . Many people think I ’m better off ’m Who knows ? " Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson went much further than her boss , Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson that the Wisconsin Republican is unfit for his leadership role Republican he ca n’t Republican the party ’s presumptive nominee . Asked plainly by CNN ’s John Berman whether Ryan is fit to be speaker if he ca n’t John Berman around to supporting Trump , Pierson responded , " No , because this is about the party . the Republican Party suggested the Ryan was on Trump to show Trump can unite Ryan different wings of the Republican Party , but Pierson disagreed , Pierson that since Trump has yet Trump clinch 1 , 237 delegates , he ’s only Ryan presumptive nominee . " We are a party . Paul Ryan needs Ryan a   —    he ’s the leader Ryan now , " Pierson said . " Pierson ’re told Donald Trump is only Trump nominee . He only the presumptive nominee Trump 1 , 237 . So really only the presumptive nominee incumbent on Paul Ryan to help Ryan to the party . " The same sentiment was expressed Thursday evening a party News host Sean Hannity , who told viewers he is no longer " ready Trump support " Ryan as speaker . " Ryan ’m thinking maybe we need a new speaker , " Hannity said during his show Fox News host Sean Hannity, who told viewers he is no longer "ready to support" Ryan as speaker " Thoughts ? Trump [   …     ] Pierson said the businessman is likely to tell Trump by refusing to Ryan him , he ’s also going against Trump will Trump the people . " Well , I think he ’s gon na talk to Paul Trump and just say Ryan you are not just against me . You are against a lot of Trump voters , and this is something that has been indicative , " Pierson said . " For the last couple of cycles you have had the Pierson rejecting its own voters , silencing them , ignoring them , campaigning on one issue and not following through , its own voters that ’s its own voters we have a nomination of Donald Trump . " Pierson said the last two Republican presidential nominees , John McCain and Mitt Romney Pierson were n’t true conservatives , but conservatives " were told to hold our noses and vote for the sake of the party . " " These same people are now telling us that because their guy did n’t win , they want to hurt the our , " These same people said . " The issue These same people is n’t about the party . If Pierson ca n’t hold yourself to the standard that you hold everyone else , the problem is with you . " Read the rest here . You can listen to Trump ’s full yourself with Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM below : 
 Donald Trump 