When Tony Schwartz was writing Donald J. Trump ’s first book , " The Art of the Deal , " in the late 1980s , Tony Schwartz was startled by Tony Schwartz client ’s short attention span . During their first interview , Donald J. Trump endured just a few minutes of Tony Schwartz ’s questions before leaping up from his chair Donald J. Trump declaring the entire exercise a waste of his time Donald J. Trump " He could Donald J. Trump tolerate doing interviews , " he tells Donald J. Trump . " He just Donald J. Trump n’t stay focused for more than a few minutes at a time . And think about this , Michael , Donald J. Trump was when he was Donald J. Trump about himself , Donald J. Trump is his favorite Donald J. Trump . " In the latest episode of The    Mr. Trump he is sharing his intimate Mr. Schwartz of how Mr. Schwartz Trump thinks and behaves with aides to Hillary Clinton to help her prepare for Monday night Hillary Clinton highly anticipated presidential debate . He ’s worried about a Mr. Schwartz he noticed during Ms. Clinton Mr. Schwartz performance at Hillary Clinton forum hosted by NBC News a week ago : " What I would hope is that she does n’t go the same route Hillary Clinton did with Matt Lauer when he Hillary Clinton coming at her Mr. Schwartz , which was to revert Hillary Clinton her knowledge , to revert to her Hillary Clinton to produce a hundred facts Hillary Clinton a short period of time , " he says . " Because Mr. Schwartz debate is going to turn not a bit on the issues . It ’s going to turn on emotion this debate it ’s going to turn on which this debate makes all of us feel safer and which candidate makes us feel less safe . And the us who wins that contest wins the debate   —    and probably wins the election . " Mr. Schwartz offered his help Mr. Schwartz Clinton campaign Mr. Schwartz part of his long ( and possibly futile Mr. Schwartz effort to make up for the guilt he feels about setting Mr. Trump Mr. Schwartz a path to fame by ghostwriting his book . " I do Mr. Schwartz think I can ever even the score I do n’t think I can ever set it totally straight , " he says . All he can Mr. Schwartz now , he Mr. Schwartz , is " say Mr. Schwartz truth that I know in the service of trying to help save the country and the world from a guy who is exceptionally dangerous . " In the episode , we explore the profoundly contrasting style of preparation and showmanship that Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton bring to the debate with my colleagues , Frank Bruni , an opinion columnist , and Mr. Bruni sitting in a high chair , " Mr. Bruni says . " And his advisers are saying ‘ Donald , you must get through the meal without throwing your spaghetti on the wall.’ So the question is , will they successfully persuade him not Trump throw his spaghetti on the wall before the debate ends ? " From a desktop or laptop , you can listen by pressing play on the button above Trump Or if you Trump on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Podcasts " with a purple icon . ( This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the your podcast app search " magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen , type in " The   " and select it from the list the series . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone your podcast app . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . On your Android phone or tablet : 1 . Open your podcast the series page ’s a    app called " Play Music " with an     icon . ( This a new episode help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon your podcast app the top of the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results . You may have to scroll down to find the " Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page the series on the word the series subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . 
 the series page 