In a major foreign policy speech , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said the U. S. needs to make better use of " 3D printing , artificial intelligence , and cyberwarfare . " [ Promising that ISIS will be gone " quickly " if he is elected president , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump went on to talk about the state of America ’s military technology .   " We have to rebuild We military and We economy , " he said . " The Russians and Chinese have rapidly expanded The Russians and Chinese military capability , but look at what ’s happened to us . " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump lamented that America ’s nuclear weapons arsenal , America ’s " ultimate deterrent , " had been " allowed to atrophy " and is " desperately in need of modernization and renewal . " The presidential candidate also noted that some U. S. pilots were still flying    in combat missions . " These planes are older than virtually everyone in this room ! " said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . " Our military is depleted , and we Our asking our Our and military leaders to worry about global warming , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump continued . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump went on to sketch out Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump vision for the future of the U. S. military , placing an emphasis on harnessing America ’s technological superiority . " We will spend what we We to rebuild our We   …      We We develop , build , and purchase the best equipment known to mankind , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump declared . " Our military dominance must be unquestioned   —    and I mean unquestioned by anybody and everybody . " " We need to think smarter about areas where our technological superiority   —    and nobody comes close   —    gives us an edge , " he    . " This includes 3D printing , artificial intelligence , and   . " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s full speech can be watched below .   You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him Allum Bokhari Facebook , and download Milo Alert ! for Android to be kept up to date on his Allum Bokhari articles . 
 