Chuck Todd , political director of NBC News , reported during Saturday ’s broadcast of NBC Nightly News that the presidential race is " over , " that Donald Trump has lost to Hillary Clinton , and the Republican Party can only minimize the damage at best . [ Todd cited Republicans to whom Todd had spoken .   " Right now you have every Republican now deciding every Republican ’s every Republican for every Republican , " Todd said   —    adding , somewhat contradictorily , " every Republican ’s ‘ save the party.’ the party.’ ’s ‘ save the Senate majority and the House majority . ’ " He continued : " Every Republican I ’ve talked to that is n’t in Trump Tower has essentially said the presidential race is over . " Todd also told the Today show that Trump ’s comments about groping women   —    recorded surreptitiously on a live mic in 2005 as Todd joked with Access Hollywood anchor Billy Bush   —    are unrecoverable , and could destroy the entire Republican Party . At no point did Todd cite polling data to support Todd claims , which appeared to be Todd own analysis , reported at the top of the news hour . On MSNBC earlier in the day , Todd had also opined that the GOP nominee had " lost the moral authority to lead . " Todd did not compare Trump ’s words , for which the candidate apologized twice on Friday , to Bill Clinton ’s conduct in office , which Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has been accused of enabling by attacking women who accused Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . Several prominent Republicans distanced Several prominent Republicans from Trump , and others withdrew Several prominent Republicans support , perhaps having in mind the controversy over comments by Rep. Todd Akin ( ) in 2012 , who fumbled a question about abortion by talking about what he called " legitimate rape . " Democrats linked Rep. Todd Akin ( ) to every Republican in races across the country , using women ’s outrage to help defeat Republican nominee Mitt Romney and hold a majority in the Senate . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Joel B. Pollak new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow Joel B. Pollak on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 