Sunday on CNN ’s   " State of the Union " Republican presidential candidate Senator Marco Rubio ( ) said " there ’s been this disturbing pattern over the last couple weeks " from his rival Senator Ted Cruz ( ) in which his has , " lied " about Rubio ’s record .   Partial transcript as follows : BASH : Let ’s talk about the debate last night , because there were a lot of extraordinary moments . But one specifically was when you turned to his rival Senator Ted Cruz and questioned his his rival Senator Ted Cruz to speak Spanish . Let ’s ’s . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) RUBIO Rubio I do n’t know how he Rubio what I said on Univision because he Rubio n’t speak Spanish Spanish And , second of all , the other point that I would make   …      SEN . TED his rival Senator Ted Cruz ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : ( SPEAKING SPANISH ) ( END VIDEO CLIP ) BASH : Senator , were you calling into question whether or not Senator Cruz is a real Latino ? RUBIO : Rubio , I was calling into question whether he even Rubio what I ’m saying . When he   Rubio    he points Rubio this interview on Univision in which he claims Rubio said something different than what I say in English . He has Rubio idea . He ’s Rubio going off what other people are telling him . Rubio it ’s false . It ’s it not true . And the bottom line is , there ’s been this disturbing pattern over the last couple weeks from Ted Cruz of just saying things that are not true . Just in the last week , he ’s Rubio about my marriage   —    record on marriage . He ’s Rubio about my record on Planned Parenthood . Of course , he lied Rubio Ben Carson in Iowa . But , last night , Donald Trump says he ’s Donald Trump    doing the same thing to him . Donald Trump then he also Rubio not telling the truth about immigration . I mean , he goes Rubio portraying himself as Rubio purist , you know , Ted Cruz , the purist on immigration . But I was there two , three years ago , when he was Rubio you know , passionately arguing at the committee that we needed to pass immigration reform , we needed we do bring people out of the shadows , we needed we find a compromise on people that were in this country illegally . And now he portrays Rubio as Rubio sort of purist who ’s never changed his position Rubio the issues . It ’s just not true . And I think this pattern of saying things that are n’t true has become very disturbing when it comes this pattern of saying things that aren’t true Ted Cruz ’s campaign . BASH : Senator , you used the word lie last night . You just used it many the word lie now . That ’s a pretty tough charge . And the rhetoric is really escalating . RUBIO : Well , there ’s no other way to describe that . It ’s the word lie lie . When you say something that ’s not true , it ’s the word lie a lie . That ’s the definition of it . the word lie , I do n’t know about every other aspect of his life . I ’m not attacking him there his I ’m just saying , on this campaign , he is his things that are not true . And he ’s his it repeatedly this campaign And he knows his ’re not true . Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 