Washington ( CNN ) The first Tuesday of the new administration is set to be full of confirmation hearings on Capitol Hill .    Here ’s what ’s going on in Washington on Tuesday : Energy committee vote on interior and energy secretaries postponed , Previously , the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources was scheduled to meet at 9:30 a. m. to vote on the nominations of Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke for interior secretary and former Texas Gov. Rick Perry for energy secretary .   But the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources issued a statement late Monday postponing the votes " until further notice . "   At his hearing last week , Zinke Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke climate change is not a " hoax " and that " man has had an influence , " a statement that may help appease Democrats who are concerned about Trump ’s statement from December when he Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke " nobody really knows " if climate change is real .   During his his hearing last week Perry last week regrets previously saying he Perry abolish the Energy Perry , which he is nominated to lead Perry Democratic aides on the committee have said that they are not concerned with Democratic aides on the committee ’s lack of scientific Perry noting that the role of energy secretary has not always gone to a scientist . Finance committee hearing for health and human services secretary , Georgia Rep. Tom Price has already had his confirmation hearing with the Senate Georgia Rep. Tom Price on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions . Now , he testifies before the Senate Finance Georgia Rep. Tom Price at 10 a. m. The congressman and orthopedic surgeon has been a significant critic of the Affordable Care Act , and has worked to dismantle the law in the past . Price is now also under scrutiny after CNN reported on a questionable stock purchase . Judiciary committee vote on attorney general , Also at 10 a. m. on Capitol Hill , the Senate Judiciary Committee will meet the Senate Finance Committee to confirm Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions to be attorney general . Sessions sat before the committee last Tuesday where he drew a number the Senate Finance Committee opponents due to his record . However , Republicans hold a majority in he Senate and the nomination is expected to pass . Commerce Committee vote on commerce and transportation secretaries , Another the Senate Finance Committee m. meeting will be for the Senate Commerce Committee to vote on the nominations of Elaine Chao for transportation secretary and Wilbur Ross for commerce secretary .   Both had their hearings before the committee last week and while the Senate Commerce Committee to vote on the nominations of Elaine Chao for transportation secretary and Wilbur Ross for commerce secretary are the Senate Commerce Committee to vote on the nominations of Elaine Chao for transportation secretary and Wilbur Ross for commerce secretary to pass the Senate Commerce Committee are concerned about Ross ’s the Senate Commerce Committee to vote on the nominations of Elaine Chao for transportation secretary and Wilbur Ross for commerce secretary interests . Budget Committee hearing for OMB head , Wilbur Ross Rep. Mick Mulvaney the Senate Commerce Committee to testify before the Senate Budget Committee at 10:30 a. m. after being nominated by President Donald Trump to head the Office of Management and Budget . Last week , it was revealed that Mulvaney did not pay more than $ 15 , 000 South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney payroll taxes for South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney household employee .   Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said this was " disqualifying " for Mulvaney to serve as the White House budget director .   A source from South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney ’s transition team told CNN that Mulvaney , who at the time was President Donald Trump of newborn triplets , hired a " sitter " and did n’t realize he needed to pay taxes on her income . The aide declined to say where the employee was from . Small a "sitter and Entrepreneurship committee hearing , Also at 10:30 a. m. the Senate Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee will meet for their hearing on Linda McMahon , who Trump nominated to lead the Small Business Administration .   McMahon , the former CEO of World Wrestling Entertainment , gave millions to Trump to support his presidential campaign , including a $ 1 million donation just before Trump election . Trump Foreign Relations committee vote on UN Ambassador , At noon , the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will vote on the nomination of South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley , Trump ’s choice for UN ambassador .   During her confirmation hearing last week , Trump Tennessee Sen. Bob UN said that Haley is Trump to be confirmed " overwhelmingly . " The committee questioned Haley about her South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley of dealing with foreign affairs , but commented her the Senate Foreign Relations Committee governor of South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley Carolina South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley made her ready for this position . Closed Senate South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley committee hearing , A    Senate Intelligence Committee South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley will take place at 2:30 p. m. House vote on    abortions , On Tuesday , the House will vote on H. R. bill " No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance House Act of 2017 . "   The bill would ban federal funding of abortions , as well federal funding for health benefits plans that H. R. bill "No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance . It would also ban federal facilities and federal employees from providing abortions . 
 H. R. bill "No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance 