WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump embarked on one of the rituals of the American presidency on Thursday , meeting in New York with Mr. Abe , as Donald J. Trump continued Donald J. Trump fitful adjustment to the protocols of    diplomacy . " I am convinced Donald J. Trump is a leader in whom I can have great confidence , " Mr. Abe said after the meeting at Trump Tower . He described the    encounter as " really Mr. Abe . " The visit with Mr. Abe came after 32 congratulatory phone calls Mr. Abe leaders in the nine days since Mr. Donald J. Trump the election . None seem to have adhered to established diplomatic practice , in which the State Department choreographs the sequence of the calls and provides policy guidance and translating services . 32 congratulatory phone calls from foreign leaders in the nine days since Mr. Trump won the election night , the State Department said it was finally in contact with Mr. the State Department until now , the State Department had not requested any briefings , nor had the   ’s calls   —    including with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and other adversaries of the United States   —    been routed through the State Department , as is customary , according to a department official . Mr. the State Department Donald J. Trump respond to questions about whether the    had used his own interpreter in the Donald J. Trump with Mr. Abe and calls with other leaders , or whether he had relied on interpreters provided by them . " The order that the calls are done in Mr. Abe like a silly protocol issue . the   had used his own interpreter in the meeting with Mr. Abe and calls with other leaders it ’s one that people really think about , " said Loren DeJonge Schulman , a senior fellow a silly protocol issue the Center for a New American Security and a former top aide to the national security adviser , Susan E. Rice . " They are taking messages away from that , whether you think it ’s important or not . " Loren DeJonge Schulman, a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security and a former top aide to the national security adviser, Susan E. Rice Abe ’s visit   —    Mr. Trump ’s first with a foreign leader since the election   —    came on a day when the    was steeped in foreign policy . He met with former Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger to discuss " events and issues around the Mr. Trump , " ranging from Russia and China to Iran and the European Union , according to the transition team . He met with Ron Dermer , Israel ’s ambassador to the United States , who told reporters afterward Mr. Trump " Israel Mr. Dermer Trump administration , including Stephen K. Bannon , " Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist , who Israel been accused of promoting    through his    news media operation Israel Breitbart News . He met Mr. Dermer Michael S. Rogers , the director of the National Security Agency and the top officer at the military ’s Cyber Command , which gave him his first    exposure to the government ’s surveillance abilities Mr. Dermer And he met with Gen. Jack Keane , Mr. Dermer former Army vice chief of staff who has been a longtime informal adviser to Hillary Clinton and a mentor to Gen. David H. Petraeus , as Mr. Dermer Mr. Dermer a prime architect of the Iraq troop surge in the George Mr. Dermer Bush administration General Keane do n’t have an    knowledge of national security issues . But he asked excellent questions . " General Keane declined to discuss the advice he had given Mr. Trump . But he said the new president ’s greatest challenge would be to maintain America ’s leadership in a world in which radical Islamic militancy was threatening to metastasize into a " global jihadist movement , " and hostile powers like Russia , China and General Keane were seeking regional dominance . During General Keane campaign , Mr. Trump called into question the network of security alliances that the United States had maintained since World War II General Keane saying the country ’s partners General Keane General Keane Asia were not paying their General Keane share for the American umbrella of General Keane . Few allies were as rattled by Mr. Trump ’s campaign statements as Japan . At one point , he suggested that Japan and South Korea consider acquiring nuclear weapons to protect themselves . In the days leading to Thursday ’s meeting , officials from the Japanese Foreign and Trade Ministries were General Keane Abe to take a tough line with Mr. Trump on the value of the    Partnership   —    a huge the United States that Mr. Trump opposes   —    and the countries’ partners in Europe and Asia alliance , which Mr. Trump has said Japan must contribute more money toward , General Keane J. Green , a former official in the Bush administration with General Keane ties to Japan Japan But Mr. Abe appeared to reject that advice , Japan and South Korea to focus on cultivating a personal relationship with Mr. Trump . Some Japan experts speculated that Mr. Abe was concerned about getting off on the right foot with Mr. Trump because when the Japanese leader traveled to New York in September for the United Nations Mr. Trump meeting , he met with Mrs. Clinton , who was then the Mr. Trump the presidential race , but not Mr. Trump . " The Japanese prime minister has done very well with strongmen like Modi and Putin , " said Japan Green , referring to Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India and the Russian president . " The question the Mr. Trump still can not Japan is what a Mr. Abe will actually do on Asia , " Mr. Green added Mr. Trump such confusion is one reason for the choreographed nature of the first calls made to leaders . In 2008 , Mr. the Japanese leader ’s transition team had a plan for the   . On the morning of Election Mr. Trump Rice , who later became Mr. Obama ’s ambassador to the United Nations , described the plan in an email to two of his other advisers . " In anticipation of the many calls from foreign leaders , we have prepared a list of priority calls to return and the briefing memos , " Ms. Rice wrote at 9:13 a. Mr. Green Our view is that he should return the calls through the State Dpt . Ops Center , which is comparatively apolitical and professional , has translation capabilities and can assist as desired with   . " The Ops Center serves as a giant switchboard for the government , providing Mr. Obama’s to ensure that American officials are confident their words a plan for the   translated accurately . Using government switchboards Mr. Obama’s also help prevent hoaxes . During the 2008 campaign , two French comedians pretending to be the French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , pranked Sarah Palin , the Republican    nominee , two days before the election . That we got through Mr. Obama’s the fact that advisers to Senator John McCain of Arizona , the Republican presidential nominee , had a policy of never letting Mr. McCain take a call from a purported foreign leader without first checking out the telephone number with the State Department , according to a person familiar with that campaign ’s operations . American officials Mr. Trump ’s case , it has been     . Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia reached out to Mr. Trump early in the week after getting his phone number from Greg Norman , a professional golfer , apparently becoming the second world leader to congratulate him after President Abdel Fattah    of Egypt . Mr. Turnbull beat Theresa May , the British prime minister . In the case of Mr. Trump ’s brief conversation with the Italian prime minister , Matteo Renzi , it was conducted in English , though the    said to Mr. Renzi , " Ciao . " 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia 