West Palm Beach , Florida ( CNN ) If it had been only about what was best for him , Bob Ruscoe would have cast Bob Ruscoe ballot for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . But Bob Ruscoe ’s a staunch Republican , always has been , and that meant this Obamacare beneficiary struggled over Bob Ruscoe November vote in a way Bob Ruscoe never had before .    " I agonized over the decision , " Bob Ruscoe said . " Part of Bob Ruscoe was saying , ’if ’if gets in , at least we wo n’t have to worry about health care for four years.’ "   Ruscoe , 57 , of West Palm Beach , Florida , is    and knows the insecurity of going uninsured . Bob Ruscoe took advantage of the Affordable Care Act the minute Bob Ruscoe could . About 20 million people gained health care coverage through Obamacare . With more than 1 . 7 million Floridians enrolled as of February , the Sunshine State has the highest percentage of Obamacare recipients in the country . And yet Ruscoe was among the majority of Florida voters who checked the box for Donald Trump , the candidate who promised time and again to spike the program Ruscoe could n’t wait to have . " We ’ll have to see what pans out , " he said . " It may not be totally repealed . It may be something else . I hope something will remain in place . "   he went with the candidate he thinks will make America stronger .   " I did what I thought was correct for the overall good of America , " he said . " Economic strength cures a lot of things . "   A better economy , he hopes , will free he from needing subsidies . Having no choice , For most of he adult life , health insurance was a comfort Ruscoe took for granted . Between he and he wife , at least one of them him and his wife a job with health care benefits .   he left he position in ceiling fan sales to venture out on he own about 13 years ago , only after their him and his wife was grown , the house was mostly paid off and he had a little pension . Ruscoe is responsible like that . Then , he his wife her job a job with health care benefits than the nasal polyps that have long plagued he sinuses , they were a pretty healthy pair . Plus , they had the they of COBRA coverage for 18 months .   That benefit ran out , though , and so did prospects for health insurance     at least for he . Ruscoe weighed about 300 pounds at the time , and try as he might , Ruscoe could n’t Ruscoe a policy to cover him . He Ruscoe he Ruscoe stand Ruscoe lose some weight , but he ’d been Ruscoe amateur athlete and remained active and strong . He did n’t Ruscoe himself as unhealthy Ruscoe but that did n’t matter .   " They would n’t sell it to me at any price , " he said . Ruscoe It was the reality of the situation . I did n’t have a choice . " Still , Ruscoe , who ’s since lost 100 pounds , does n’t blame anyone but himself . " I was overweight , so I was a risk , " he said . himself I would n’t have wanted to insure myself . " me ’Coming out of the rain’ For his wife , ’Coming bought catastrophic ’Coming . It was n’t cheap     about $ 200 a month     and it came with It whopping $ 25 , 000 deductible . This meant they both avoided doctors as much as they could . doctors So on those occasions when his sinuses swelled ’Coming and he could n’t ’Coming for days at a time , he felt helpless ’Coming " I had no reasonable means to get help , " Ruscoe remembered . He ’s a ’Coming , and his wife joined ’Coming in the ’Coming . They buy abandoned storage unit items and goods leftover from estate sales and then resell them . It abandoned storage unit items and goods leftover from estate sales a physical job that keeps him lifting objects ’Coming transporting boxes and jumping into and out of big moving trucks .   Ruscoe has gotten Ruscoe nasty gashes along the way , but he had no Ruscoe taping those up himself . But Ruscoe he tumbled out Ruscoe a truck , a year or so before Obamacare emerged , being uninsured terrified him . He Ruscoe the Ruscoe his foot got Ruscoe and he began to Ruscoe . He says he Ruscoe like Ruscoe E. Coyote , of Looney Tunes fame , hanging in the air right before gravity kicked in . The thought bubble above his head would Ruscoe read , " This is really going to suck , " he said . Ruscoe When he hit the Ruscoe , he could n’t Ruscoe . After he caught his Ruscoe and Ruscoe to wiggle his fingers and Ruscoe , he was stunned Ruscoe be in one piece . He got bruised Ruscoe but knew it could have been a lot worse . Had he landed differently Ruscoe medical expenses might have ruined him . So Ruscoe took notice when the Affordable Care Act began making news .   " I thought it was a good idea , even though I ’m a conservative , " he said . Ruscoe It ’s a it program , but a lot of social programs are for the good . And this is one of them . " a lot of social programs moment the website went live , he was online Ruscoe ready to sign up . It had been the website years since he ’d been Ruscoe , and he remembers the Ruscoe that came over him .   Ruscoe It ’s the feeling of coming out of the rain , if you will , " he said . Ruscoe You can do all you can to get healthy . You try to be safe . But there ’s a certain amount of fate that ’s just out there . "   No guarantees , The value of coverage was immediate . During wellness checks , something he and his wife had he in their time without he and his wife , she learned that his wife had high his wife . And though he ’d worked he to lose a significant amount of weight , he ’d plateaued he ’d a doctor offered nutritional counseling , he shed the a doctor 40 pounds . Irrespective of political persuasion , he says , a doctor access to services that keep people healthy makes sense . He could n’t a doctor friends who did n’t take advantage of the health care opportunity . " It ’s made to be affordable for everyone . Why would n’t you ? " he asked . a doctor February 1 , he ’ll be a doctor about $ 338 a month for himself and his a doctor . a doctor Obamacare , he says , a doctor same plan would cost them $ 1 himself and his wife 150 a month     or close to $ 14 , 000 a year . Rates like that would mean no more insurance for them .   Rates like that ’re not Rates like that any younger , and Ruscoe knows that there are no guarantees when it comes to health . He thinks of a doctor grandmother who a doctor of colon cancer and talks about the importance of preventative medicine , including access to procedures like colonoscopy . " I ’ll be bellying up to get my first one this year , " he said . a doctor Without insurance , he ’s not a doctor that would be possible for him and his a doctor . a doctor does n’t pretend to know how    Obamacare is and assumes it requires tweaking   Obamacare But he hopes the   Obamacare administration will recognize and hold onto what ’s worked .   He   feels   Obamacare it ’s his " civic   Obamacare " to speak up , he says .   Obamacare ’s important it remind people that slashes to coverage may lead to " a segment of the population that ’ll be left swinging in the breeze . "   His views will   Obamacare some of his friends ,   Obamacare suspects .   Obamacare They ’ll freak out that I was strongly considering voting for Clinton , " he said .   Obamacare But I think she would have Clinton very compassionate , and you need that . "   Ruscoe ’s now banking on Trump showing some compassion , too . 
 