From Gabriel Sherman , writing in New York Magazine :   For the past two decades , Rupert Murdoch allowed Fox News chief Roger Ailes to occupy one of the most unique   —    and powerful   —    perches in American politics and media : running a    political operation under the guise of a    news network . As long as the profits rolled in , Rupert Murdoch virtually never meddled in Fox News chief Roger Ailes world   —    even when his own family protested . " He his me run it , he his n’t bother me much , " Ailes Fox News chief Roger Ailes of Rupert Murdoch as recently as April 2015 . But that    era seems to be over . According to four       sources , Rupert Murdoch is upping his Fox at Fox Fox Ailes Fox News chief Roger Ailes become less visible to anchors and producers , signaling a shift that marks a new chapter in the network ’s history . The most visible change is that , since June , Rupert Murdoch has been attending Ailes Fox News chief Roger Ailes daily executive meeting held on the second floor of Fox Fox . The secretive afternoon gathering in Ailes Ailes’s room is attended by about a    of the network ’s most senior lieutenants . It ’s The secretive afternoon gathering in Ailes’s conference room some of the most sensitive decisions about running the channel are discussed .    …      Now more than ever Fox Fox a firm hand on the wheel . In many ways , the channel the channel same rebellion from the grassroots that ’s cleaving the GOP . " I can tell you , my base is fed up with Fox Fox " conservative commentator Michelle Malkin told me . Malkin , who quit Fox Fox a contributor , actually goes after Murdoch for supporting immigration reform in her new book Michelle Malkin Out ( she calls him Michelle Malkin " treacherous bedfellow " ) . Rush Limbaugh , whom Ailes first put on television in the early ’90s , has said he " no Ailes watches cable news . " A Limbaugh friend told Rush Limbaugh the dig was made explicitly about Fox . Several Ailes prominent conservatives I ’ve spoken with grumble that Murdoch is pushing Fox to be Ailes hostile to Trump and Ted Cruz at the same time the channel boosts Establishment candidates , most prominently Marco Rubio . " I ’ve joked to people that they ’ll be people a segment about kumquats in China and somehow they ’ll mention people , " Marco Rubio Cruz ally told Ted Cruz . Another conservative activist pointed out that Fox gave Rubio Ailes first Marco Rubio opportunity following Obama ’s Oval Office address on ISIS last month . Murdoch ’s Wall Street Journal , it should also Murdoch noted , has been one of the most aggressive Trump and Cruz critics . Ted Cruz far , the kvetching among conservatives has yet to become a business concern for Murdoch . But Murdoch he weighs Fox Fox future   —    with or without Ailes   —    Murdoch must consider Murdoch risk that the backlash poses to his network . Murdoch revolutionized cable Fox by offering a conservative alternative to CNN and the broadcast networks , and the    danger is that Fox ’s audience Fox watch it grudgingly , hoping for an alternative . " After the big brouhaha with Trump , there was all the apocalyptic talk of the ratings cratering . But there ’s still nowhere else on TV to go , " Malkin says . " There ’s a big opportunity . These people are sick and tired of seeing Lindsey Graham all over Fox . " Read Fox full article here . 
 