Earlier this week on CNN , former Rep. Ron Paul ( ) appeared on CNN to weigh in on the 2016 presidential election .   former Rep. Ron Paul discussed the ongoing saga of the battle for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination . However , former Rep. Ron Paul also told CNN host Ashleigh Banfield that given the choice between Republican presidential    Donald Trump and Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton would opt for " none of the above . " Transcript as follows : Ashleigh Banfield : My next guest , is the RNC deserves every bit of the distress that the RNC ’s in Ron Paul , former Republican congressman from Texas , two time candidate for president , joining me live from the Texas community at Lake Jackson . Thank you so much for joining me , I do appreciate this . And when you say that the GOP deserves every bit of the mess it ’s in , do you truly believe that ? PAUL : Well , I do . But I do n’t think it ’s all that important . Because , you know , rules are there , you know, rules are there change you know, rules are there , you know, rules are there have done it . I think the interesting thing is that there was so much concern about PAUL , you know , we had a good following , there was a lot of strength there . But you know, rules are there did n’t need to do all that and you know, rules are there hurt you know, rules are there by changing the rules , but you know, rules are there showed that you know, rules are there were strong and you know, rules are there control things and you know, rules are there had more attorneys and more money , so you know, rules are there would even allow me to appear and give a little talk . And I think it hurt you know, rules are there in the general election . So you know, rules are there sort of brought it upon you know, rules are there . you know, rules are there never dreamed you know, rules are there would be on the receiving end of this . So you know, rules are there ’re in the situation I was in , that you know, rules are there made it more difficult for somebody to challenge . And ordinarily over the years , these things have happened and behind the scenes these things have been able to change it . But these things change things even in the primary , these things ’re just , there   —    in the primary races that ’s going on now , these things ’re trying to desperately of course to knock down Trump ’s vote , these things may end up doing Trump’s vote , or these things will challenge Trump’s vote . There will be technicalities . But it will continue , but these things ’re in a real bind , because just to change the rules wo n’t go over so easily now , because , you know    …      BANFIELD : Now everybody ’s watching . Everybody’ is watching on a microscope . PAUL : And who knows what Everybody’ ’ll do ? BANFIELD : Well good point . Yes , you ’re right , who knows what Everybody’ ’ll do . Let me ask you this , though , because it looks pretty clear at this point , barring any major rule change , and barring any complete change in the way things have gone until now , that Donald Trump ’s going to be the nominee . And it looks like it ’s quite possible Donald Trump will face Hillary Clinton in a general election . You have said in the past , that you think there ’s no meaningful difference between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , that Clinton and Trump support the military industrial complex , the federal reserve deficits , entitlements , an invasion of privacy . So I ’ve got to ask you , as a red lettered American , who probably cherishes the right to vote . Who would you vote for if you think they ’ll both the same ? PAUL : Well what I would like to have on all the ballots is none of the above . And then we can vote for none none of the above BANFIELD the above was n’t my question though . PAUL PAUL But I ’m not going to vote for one of those two for sure , you know , they ’re too close together . And there ’s the dreamers , even there ’s , you know , the independent type Republicans that were on my side , someone said , " Yeah , but he ’s better . But someone you know , this whole idea of the lesser two evils , there ’s something OK about it . I do n’t think so , I do n’t see how anything could be improved , because I think once the person is in office . I mean Obama ran as a true progressive . But he became much more a Obama . He liked the war in Obama . He supported the overthrow of Obama Ukraine and he ’s sending troops back Obama Iraq . And I do n’t even think he fundamentally believes that to Obama you the truth . So he   —    I Obama the events , even regardless of who wins , will there be enough pressure to do exactly what we have been doing . They ’re not going to have the fear to deny them some power to take They interest rates and all this which needs to be done . BANFIELD : OK , I may have lost you on my   —    your piece for a short moment . But I ’m not sure I got the answer though , if Donald Trump is the Republican nominee , would you vote for him ? PAUL : No Donald Trump is the Republican nominee no , I mean , I was very explicit about that , I wo n’t vote for Donald Trump . BANFIELD : Donald Trump just BANFIELD vote then or would you vote for the Democratic ticket ? PAUL : No , I had PAUL that we should have none of BANFIELD above , and then you should pick another candidate , you know , if you ca n’t stand any of them and you happen to be another candidate dedicated progressive , you ought to make your vote count and vote for the green party and if happen to be a libertarian , vote for the libertarian party . But to the green party lesser two evils , I do n’t think make it possible , and I know I get a lot of ( inaudible ) oh , no , from the Republicans , Conservatives I think they would absolutely Trump is so far superior Conservatives But quite frankly I ’m not sure exactly what he ’ll do and that bothers me as Trump because he does   —    he can give Trump positions in one speech Trump I do n’t know if you noticed that or not . But he    …      BANFIELD : I saw Trump just yesterday . I saw three petitions yesterday . Ron Paul , I have to just yesterday it there . But thank you so much it I really appreciate you being on today . Say hello to the great State of Texas for me . (   RCP Video ) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 