Doubling down on his feud with the Democratic Party leadership , Senator Bernie Sanders said that if elected president , Senator Bernie Sanders will not reappoint Democratic National Committee chairwoman , Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida . his made the comments during an interview with CNN ’s Jake Tapper that is set to air on Sunday . Senator Bernie Sanders also said he Senator Bernie Sanders supporting Tim Canova , a law professor who has begun an insurgent campaign against Ms. Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida her South Florida Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida seat . They will face Tim Canova, a law professor who has begun an insurgent campaign against Ms. Wasserman Schultz for her South Florida congressional seat in a primary this summer . " Well , clearly , I favor her opponent , Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida Mr. Senator Bernie Sanders Mr. Tapper . " His views Senator Bernie Sanders much closer to mine . " For months , Mr. Sanders Senator Bernie Sanders the party of favoring Hillary Clinton , often calling her the " anointed candidate Hillary Clinton " He has criticized Senator Bernie Sanders party for a debate the party of favoring Hillary Clinton his campaign says Senator Bernie Sanders Mrs. Clinton an arrangement under which Hillary Clinton raises money for the party Hillary Clinton appointment of Clinton supporters as leaders of important convention committees Hillary Clinton Most recently , he and the Senator Bernie Sanders have sparred over what the party of favoring Hillary Clinton the Nevada Democratic convention a week ago . There , Sanders supporters disrupted Senator Bernie Sanders proceedings in a fight over delegates and the state party chairwoman was later threatened . After the party rebuked Mr. Sanders for Senator Bernie Sanders the party of favoring Hillary Clinton had occurred , his campaign manager , Senator Bernie Sanders Weaver , accused Ms. Wasserman Schultz of " throwing shade on the Sanders campaign from the Senator Bernie Sanders beginning . " This week , Ms. Wasserman Schultz pushed back against the Sanders campaign in an Ms. Wasserman Schultz . " We ’ve had the Sanders campaign in place that elected Barack Obama , " she CNN the network . " These rules were adopted for state parties Ms. Wasserman Schultz across the country in 2014 . " the same rules in place that elected Barack Obama statement on Saturday , she said that " even though Senator Sanders has endorsed my opponent , Ms. Wasserman Schultz remain , as I have been from Sanders , neutral in the presidential Democratic primary . " As president , Mr. Sanders would have the ability to appoint the committee chair , though it is not Sanders will get that chance , as Mrs. Clinton is close to clinching the nomination . Nevertheless Sanders he can try to draw a little blood from Ms. Wasserman Schultz with his endorsement of her Sanders opponent , Mr. Canova , the underdog in the race . Mr. Sanders , a Nova Ms. Wasserman Schultz University law professor , has echoed Mr. Sanders ’s messages about the need to combat economic inequalities and reform campaign finance . He has also mirrored , on a small scale , Mr. Sanders ’s    model by raising Sanders than $ 1 million through small donations that have averaged Mr. Sanders’s 19 each . " I ’m so proud to know that Bernie Sanders favors our progressive campaign , " Mr. Canova said in a statement on Saturday . " Like Mr. Sanders’s , I ’m running a campaign that ’s truly backed by the people , not big corporations   Mr. Sanders’s one that stands ’m to Wall Street interests instead of cozying up to them . " Mr. Sanders spent Saturday campaigning across the Western states . At a rally in Vado , N. M. Wall Street interests offered a Mr. Sanders’s familiar attacks against Mrs. Clinton , criticizing her use of " super PACs , " her stances Mr. Sanders’s trade agreements and her support of fracking . He also talked Mrs. Clinton the need to improve the poverty and Mrs. Clinton school graduation rates in the Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Sanders then Mr. Sanders’s to California , where he planned to hold an evening rally in National City and where he visited Mr. Sanders’s Park , an area on the United Mr. Sanders’s border with Mexico . There , he walked along two large Mr. Sanders’s separating the countries with an immigration activist and Maria Puga , a woman whose husband was killed Mr. Sanders’s border patrol agents as he attempted a crossing from Mexico . Mr. Sanders vowed that if elected , he will push for comprehensive immigration reform . He Mr. Sanders’s a proposal by the Mexico Republican nominee , Donald J. Trump , to Mr. Sanders a wall along the entire border both Mr. Sanders immoral " and " impractical . " 
 