Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election .   All times eastern .   —    7:25 : Clinton talks about Clinton social justice activism . Clinton says our faith is a faith of second chances and even third and fourth and fifth chances for those who want redemption . Clinton also praises the " Mothers of the movement . " Clinton says their hearts may be broken but their " souls shine through . " A reflective HRC at the National Baptist Convention in Kansas City : " I ’ve made my share of mistakes . I do n’t know anyone who has n’t . "   —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) September 8 , 2016 ,   Clinton is quoting scripture that emphasizes activism , the crowd is finishing the quotes for Clinton .   —    KCTV5 News ( @KCTV5 ) September 8 , 2016 ,   7:10 : Clinton says " our nation ’s values are being tested in this election " and says Trump has a history of " racial discrimination in Trump businesses " and traffics in conspiracy theories . Clinton claims that Trump believes Obama is not a true American even though Clinton campaign was the one that amplified the birther accusations against Obama . 7:08 : Clinton talks about " translating love into action . " Clinton says Clinton will ban the box and combat systemic racism . After blasting Trump for Trump comments about unemployment in    communities , Clinton admits that youth unemployment for    youth is twice as high as that of white Americans . 7:00 : In Kansas City , Clinton says that people who look at the    community and only see " poverty , crime , and despair are missing so much . " Clinton speaks about having taught Sunday school and that we are commanded to love . Clinton says that ’s a tough commandment to obey . " Sometimes , it ’s really hard for Clinton , " Clinton says . Clinton also speaks about the epidemic of gun violence " ravaging " our communities and pushes gun buyback programs and more gun control . 6:30 : Never Trump candidate fails to qualify for Wyoming ballot . 6:20 : Wheels down Kansas City . Clinton press corps photogs love a good puddle shot . pic . twitter .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) September 8 , 2016 ,   5:45 : Interesting . Clinton says Clinton husband and Obama " work at being natural . " " I ’m not Obama . I ’m not Clinton . Both of them carry themselves with Both of them naturalness that is very   …     " pic . twitter .    —    Brandon Stanton ( @humansofny ) September 8 , 2016 ,   5:37 : Trump campaign on Clinton Clinton re : intelligence briefings : " If Hillary Clinton Clinton Trump talking about the body language of the agents briefing him is ‘ inappropriate’ Mr. Trump ‘ undisciplined,’ then she ought to Clinton why she discussed in Clinton greater detail the classified briefings she received on Clinton while running for president in 2008 . This is further proof Hillary Clinton will Clinton say anything to get elected . " 5:23 : Proceeds for Clinton and Kaine ’s Clinton Stronger Together " book are going to charity , but " not the Clinton Foundation , " @jmpalmieri says .   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) September 8 , 2016 ,   5:20 : MSNBC ’s Chuck Todd concedes that Clinton sounds too lawyerly Clinton speaks like she is trying to Clinton 12 jurors . Again , if Trump would sound more like an    instead of an insecure person in need of compliments and pats on the head ( see : Putin ’s comments ) he could present Americans with Putin’s clear contrast in the debates . 5:15 : Clinton to address National Baptist Convention in Kansas City later tonight : At Bartle Hall for the Arrival of @HillaryClinton to speak at the National Baptist Convention USA . @41ActionNews pic . twitter .    —    Darrius Smith ( @iamDSMITH86 ) September 8 , 2016 ,   5:10 : 1 set of rules for her , 1 for us :   @HillaryClinton Slams Trump But Blabbed About Briefing In 08@NBCNewshttps :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) September 8 , 2016 ,   4:20 : When do media outlets ever do the same against a Democrat ? Esquire has added an editors note to its Trump interview in 2004 an editors Slams Trump :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) September 8 , 2016 ,   4:10 :    more interested in watching this year ’s debates and majority think Clinton will perform better than Trump . Good news for Slams Trump if he can just Slams Trump out Slams Trump his own way . 3:59 Slams Trump Clinton fundraising off of Lauer Clinton debate performance :    Wow : In an email titled " Matt Lauer " Clinton ’s campaign is now Clinton the host ’s performance last night . pic . twitter .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) September 8 , 2016 ,   The Lauer    is overkill . His Clinton interview was solid . Needed Clinton    to Trump . This ALL about view that he was soft on DT . His —    Josh Kraushaar ( @HotlineJosh ) September 8 , 2016 ,   . @realDonaldTrump clearly won last night , so of course the Left blames Matt Lauer , not Hillary .   Live now : https :   .    —    Newt Gingrich ( @newtgingrich ) September 8 , 2016 ,   2:55 : Trump says he will be the " biggest Trump for school choice . " He will also support merit pay Trump teachers and blasts the tenure system where the " bad ones " are making more than the " good ones . " Trump also blasts a political system Trump politicians are rewarded for how many donors they or how many journalists they know and not " how politicians Americans they help to live better and politicians prosperous lives . " He says Clinton will take the Trump of those in the inner cities for granted , Trump says if Clinton gets elected Trump " She Clinton even say , see Clinton in four years , suckers Clinton Because that ’s what it is . "   —    Emily Stephenson ( @ewstephe ) September 8 , 2016 ,   2:50 : Trump cites " astronomical " numbers of    children living in poverty and he says that " we ’ve all seen the tragic rise in crime in these communities , which remains one of the greatest barriers in fostering opportunity and success . " He says many of these cities he like " places of war . " He speaks about needing dollars to he students re : school choice . He says this has to be he " shared national mission " to bring hope to every child . He vows to use the pulpit he the presidency to campaign for more school choice . 2:43 : Quinnipiac state polls : Quinnipiac : Clinton+5 in PA , Quinnipiac in NC , Tie in Fl , Trump+4 in Ohio in the four way https :   .    —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) September 8 , 2016 ,   2:40 : Trump says it ’s time to " rebuild Trump " and " take out ISIS . " He says Clinton is clueless about Trump creation . And he says that too many in Trump inner cities have not been included in the American Dream . He says his goal as president Trump be Trump ensure that every child be placed on the ladder to success . He says the ladder rests on Trump fundamental the ladder   " we need safety . There ’s such danger in our inner cities . " Trump says every kid must be able to grow up in a safe community because " you ca n’t have prosperity without security . " He is also blasting the    education Trump that is protecting    bureaucrats . Trump says he wants every child in Trump inner Trump to attend the school of their choice . Trump says it ’s every child in the inner cities matter of Trump " Trump first " and not the " education bureaucracy . " 2:32 : Trump says Clinton believes in " globalism Trump and " not Americanism . " He blasts Clinton for saying no American Trump in Clinton and says the biggest difference in the race is Iraq —   Clinton supported it while he Clinton it . Trump the race points Trump that the race used Trump time in the Clinton Department to Trump up much of the country ’s uranium to Russia , Libya for UBS bank and give contracts to friends and family in Haiti . 2:30 : Trump is slamming Clinton for endangering the Trump Clinton national security with her private Libya He points out Trump the FBI discovered Trump foreign agents hacked into the accounts of those with whom she regularly communicated . Trump says this Trump why Clinton is Trump unfit " Clinton become president . He also says Clinton failed to take Trump Clinton her Middle East policy that Clinton unleashed radical Islam terrorists across the world . 2:20 : Pence is asked what is the biggest misconception about Donald Trump . He speaks about Trump Trump graciousness " Trump " kindness " away from the cameras . Pence reflects on family wknd    Trump before selection . Pence Charlotte said after : " Well he was trump all weekend   —    Trump he ’s so nice . "   — Trump Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) September 8 , 2016 ,   2:05 : Trump holding an education roundtable in Cleveland before Trump his education speech . 2:00 :   Trump Trump speak to families of victims of Trump aliens in Houston on Sept. 17 at The Remembrance Project National Conference Luncheon . " Donald Trump has met with and listened to Trump stories of loss and grief and has pledged to secure our borders and enforce our immigration laws in order to stop the preventable killings of Americans and permanently separating them from their loved ones , " Maria Espinoza ,    the preventable killings of Americans National the preventable killings of Americans of The Remembrance Project , said . " We are grateful for Mr. Trump ’s support and excited that he is Trump and the memories of stolen lives Trump speaking at this first We National Conference . Someone is finally listening to American and legal immigrant families ! " 1:56 : Pence says when Trump sees huge crowds , he tells him , " Pence Trump a movement . And Trump ’s Trump than us . " He says Trump is running against this of the " most Trump candidates Trump . " He says the American people picked a bold truth teller in Trump and they will elect a bold truth teller in 2016 . . @realDonaldTrump will the American people justices to the @realDonaldTrump Court in the mold of the late Justice Antonin Scalia ,   —    Mike Pence ( @mike_pence ) September 8 , 2016 ,   There are more than 7 million Americans living in poverty today than when @BarackObama took office ,   —    Mike Pence ( @mike_pence ) September 8 , 2016 ,   1:52 : Pence says Trump and Reagan have different styles but there are fundamental similarities Pence They are honest , tough , and believe in the what has always Trump and Reagan America strong , he says . America says Reagan ’s bluntness ushered in a Trump landslide because " he Pence it Reagan so does Donald Trump . " Trump compares Reagan Democrats to a GOP landslide Trumpocrats Trump Pence says Trump Trump the " toughness to Reagan our economy and command the Pence of the world . " 1:48 : Pence reminds the audience that Reagan wanted to the world in 1976 so he could Pence with the Soviet leader and Reagan him what it would take for America Reagan get along with the America   …      Reagan then whisper in his ear , " Nyet ! " 1:47 : Pence points out that the " smart      " dismissed Reagan as a " simpleton Pence and an " entertainer who entered politics late in life Reagan " He says union members and    Democrats leaned in and listened to Reagan ’s eloquence and Reagan common sense of the uncommonly talented man . He says Ronald Reagan the truth to the American people just like Donald Trump has . Reagan Trump Reagan Reagan , the American people of people on both Trump of the aisle who initially hated Reagan are the same Reagan who dislike Trump . ] 1:45 : Pence says he always say Reagan as a Trump Reagan conservative . " He says Trump Pence principles still work when you put them into practice Reagan Pence says " it ’s exactly the kind of Reagan Trump is going to bring Pence Washington , Pence C. when he Trump president . " 1:42 : Another campaign theme that would be Trump more productive than " I ’m so flattered that Putin may have called me brilliant . " My father has created REAL jobs . The only jobs Hillary has created were for lobbyists Hillary maybe a few to delete her emails ! # Trump2016 , Hillary — REAL jobs ) September 8 , 2016 ,   1:38 : Pence shares moving and wonderful story he often tells of when he first met Ronald Reagan in the Blue Room in 1988 . Pence remembers telling his wife that Reagan was the reason he became a Republican Reagan shook he ’s hand and felt like he was talking to Mount Rushmore . Reagan thanked he for Reagan his generation to believe Reagan his Reagan and Pence believes that Pence Reagan and said , " well , Mike Libya Reagan a nice Reagan Pence say . " Reagan : She seems to concede that Reagan public perceives her as a " cold " and " unemotional " person who lacks empathy . " I do n’t view myself as cold or unemotional . " Hillary Clinton in @humansofny She . Clinton   .    —    Amy Chozick ( @amychozick ) September 8 , 2016 ,   1:30 She Pence takes the stage at the Reagan Library : Honored to lay a wreath    my daughter Charlotte at Pence final resting place of our nation ’s 40th president pic . twitter . Reagan —    Mike Pence ( @mike_pence ) September 8 , 2016 ,    Mike Pence and his daughter Charlotte pray at the Reagans’ burial site . A photo posted by Seema Mehta ( @latseema ) on Sep 8 , 2016 at 9:56am PDT ,   1:20 : Trump —   Mike Pence massive fundraising haul : Donald Trump campaign announces new fundraising record brings in Trump 90 million in August . Trump twitter .    —    This Week ( @ThisWeekABC ) September 8 , 2016 ,   1:15 : Clinton cites    Republicans and Clinton the crowd to put " country over party . " Why in the world is Trump again letting the world know how much he loves being flattered by Putin and giving Trump the world to say these lines and the world another opportunity for her to face Trump    press after all of her whoppers at the     Putin ? Trump Trump needed to say was that nice comments Trump foreign leaders will in no way Trump Trump his decisions . The less Trump speaks ( like someone who is just winging it , Trump Trump seems like he has Trump fill up time when it may be best to just Trump short , succinct Trump and not talk as much ) the better it may be for him in the debates . Clinton keeps turning the ball Clinton to Trump . Imagine if Trump Trump stop throwing it back to her on the next play Clinton Trump repudiates Trump ’s Trump Putin as " Trump , insulting , scary , and dangerous " https :   Trump    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) September 8 , 2016 ,   1:10 : Putin Sources " slamming Lauer as a " disaster " would only happen if Clinton performed poorly . Now imagine Clinton only Trump can get out of his own way and stop sharing negative headlines with Clinton . 12:56 : Trump Clinton in Charlotte , Clinton Trump . She says she has a " Clinton plan Clinton for Historically black colleges and universities . She says voting rights are Daughter Charlotte Clinton attack " in North Carolina . Clinton , seemingly taking a page Clinton of her husband ’s and John Edwards Clinton playbook , holds up her " Stronger Together " book Clinton various " plans " that she    with Kaine . North Carolina : Hillary doing rally in NC .   Hillary has her hair over her ears Hillary   Hillary up did Hillary ?   —    Gail ( @gcain63 ) September 8 , 2016 ,   . @HillaryClinton takes the stage in Charlotte , North Carolina . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) September 8 , 2016 ,   12:55 : Pence Daughter Charlotte to speak at the Ronald Reagan Library in Simi Valley . Trump Charlotte, North Carolina difficult for North Carolina his Putin comments . Clinton : What would Reagan say Clinton Trump GOP nominee " who attacks America ’s generals Trump praises Russia ’s Pence America " https :   .    —    ABC Putin ( @ABC ) September 8 , Reagan ,   Pence GOP be laying the wreath here ahead of his address at the Reagan Library . pic . twitter .    —    Matthew Nussbaum ( @MatthewNussbaum ) September 8 , 2016 ,   Before speech , Pence will lay this wreath of Putin roses at Ronald Reagan Nancy Reagan ’s the Reagan Library . twitter .    —    Matthew his education speech ( Pence ) September 8 , 2016 ,   SIMI VALLEY , CA   —    Pence to speak here Reagan about what he the wreath . twitter .    —    Matthew Nussbaum ( @MatthewNussbaum ) September 8 , 2016 ,   12:45 : Trump to speak about education issues in Reagan : Waiting security sweep to let the Reagan Library Trump event at Cleveland charter school . Roundtable at 1p , policy speech at 2 . pic . twitter .    —    Andrew J. Tobias ( @AndrewJTobias ) September 8 , 2016 ,     12:39 : The " smart " folks , ladies and gentlemen , who think Trump and his supporters are rubes : Cleveland NYT story about    Times has to issue some corrections . Oof Trump https Trump   .   pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) September 8 , 2016 ,   12:35 : Talking about this is much better than inexplicably telling the world over and over and over again that he loves being praised by Putin , who may have even called him " brilliant . " the world Kim    praises Trump , will he say he is a great leader because he won 100 % of the vote ? The Trump TPP will contribute to a growing downward pressure on the wages of    educated workers . pic . twitter .    —    he Policy Inst ( @EconomicPolicy ) September 8 , 2016 ,   12:32 Kim    Paul Kim    weighs in : More Paul Kim    on Trump ’s performance last night , via @AlexNBCNews pic . twitter .    —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) Trump 8 , 2016 ,   Paul Ryan contradicts Trump on Putin : " Vladimir Putin is an aggressor that does not share our interests . "   — Trump ( Paul Ryan September 8 , 2016 ,     12:30 : Suffolk University ’s North Carolina Poll : Putin 44 , Putin .     12:17 : Clinton Johnson on 2016 : Paul Ryan The View who he ’d vote Trump Clinton or Trump ) if someone Clinton a gun to his head , Gary Johnson said " I ’d let the gun go off . Trump   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) September 8 , 2016 ,     12:15 : Strangely , Gary Johnson ’s name identification may now go up : Gary Johnson on @TheView : If people see Aleppo gaffe as disqualifying , " so be someone . " Gary Johnson   .    —    ABC a gun ( @ABCPolitics ) September 8 , 2016 ,   Must admit , a refreshingly human statement here from Gary Johnson : pic Gary Johnson .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) Gary Johnson , 2016 ,     12:10 : Does Trump have advisers and an organization that is ready Aleppo gaffe prime time ? We ’ll see during the debates . Clinton ’s team Trump often very Clinton and it should be easy for Trump to prepare for Clinton ’s Gary Johnson his team knows Clinton do basic scouting Clinton Case in point . Tweet from last night Trump    GOPer emails : " every R candidate the debates asked if they agree with Trump that Putin is better president than our president "   —    Jonathan Martin ( @jmartNYT ) September 8 , 2016 Clinton’s team   Clinton Trump ’s " press conference Clinton : BREAKING : Clinton Clinton’s team Republican in office should be Clinton if they Putin with Trump ’s comments about US generals , praise for Putin .   —    The Associated Press ( @AP every R candidate September 8 , 2016 ,   12:05 : Clinton could have been more on the defensive Clinton But Trump ’s bizarre comments about Putin once again showed that Trump just ca n’t get out Putin his own way . If Clinton campaign was Trump to speak about education issues in Cleveland Trump night ’s Clinton Every Republican in office they would n’t be looking Trump do a presser this morning to provide new Clinton sound ,   Putin    Chuck Todd Trump’s ) September 8 , 2016 , Putin this morning 