  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump , consumed by the idea that a world leader would use chemical weapons on a world leader own people , discussed with staffers and close confidantes at a world leader     club Friday about the historical and philosophical context for the use of chemical weapons , aides and people who spoke to Donald Trump told CNN . An administration document on the use of chemical weapons since World War I was also part of a briefing provided to the White House around Syrian President Bashar   ’s chemical attack , sources with knowledge of a briefing provided to the White House around Syrian President Bashar  ’s chemical attack told CNN .   An administration document on the use of chemical weapons since World War , one source said , examined " the history of battlefield uses of chemical weapons " that was meant to " demonstrate the declining acceptability of these weapons . " The document An administration document on the use of chemical weapons since World War " trend line of acceptability of use of these weapons " and these weapons are only used by these weapons the worst outliers . "   The document noted An administration document on the use of chemical weapons since World War and others used chemical weapons on the battlefield in World War I , but did not use them in World War II . Germany and others authorizing strikes in response to Assad ’s use of chemical weapons on his own people , Trump was Assad’s by a question : Why would a world leader use chemical weapons to kill their own people ? According to aides and people who spoke to Trump Friday , the President was Trump about the Assad chemical weapons in a broader historical and philosophical context and asked his aides and close confidantes for answers Assad The President , still reeling from images Assad killed in the chemical attack which aides said pushed him to act against Assad , could n’t Assad to reconcile why a leader would resort to using chemical weapons on his own people , said one person who a leader with Trump , given the implications of the attack . The fact that this question plagued Trump is significant , and could explain why Trump has so far called Assad " evil Trump " " an animal Assad " and , most recently , " a butcher . " The focus     by both Trump and his aides     could also explain Trump a Trump of top White House officials , including Trump , spoke about chemical weapons in a Trump context on Tuesday . White House press secretary Sean Spicer incorrectly diminished White House Adolf Hitler ’s use of chemical weapons in World War II . The comment     and subsequent efforts to clarify     led Jewish groups and Democrats to call for Spicer ’s job . " You had someone who White House press secretary Sean Spicer as Hitler who did n’t even sink to using chemical weapons Nazi leader Adolf Hitler " Spicer said during his press briefing Tuesday . " So White House press secretary Sean Spicer have to White House press secretary Sean Spicer if you are Russia , ask yourself is this a country and a regime that you you are Russia to align yourself with . " Spicer later apologized in an interview with CNN ’s Wolf White House press secretary Sean Spicer . " I was obviously trying to make a point about the heinous acts that Assad had made against his own people last week , using chemical weapons and Assad . Frankly , I mistakenly made an inappropriate and insensitive reference to the Holocaust , for which there is no comparison , " Spicer said Tuesday . " And for that I apologize White House press secretary Sean Spicer It was a mistake to do that . " A White House official flatly denied that the briefing document led to Spicer ’s comments . Spicer did not respond to questions White House press secretary Sean Spicer document . But White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday , Trump Defense Secretary the briefing document led to Spicer’s comments brought up the historical Tuesday . " The intent was to stop the cycle of violence into an area that even in World War II chemical weapons were not used on battlefields , " Mattis told reporters . " Even in the Korean War , they Trump Defense Secretary James Mattis not used on battlefields . Since World War I , there has been an international convention on this and to stand idly by when the convention is violated     that is what we had to take an international convention on this recently in our own vital interest . " Trump , in an interview with Fox we on Tuesday , said " even some of the worst tyrants in the world did n’t use the kind of gases that they used . " 
 even some of the worst tyrants in the world 