My name is John Fredericks and I host one of the top syndicated conservative radio talk shows in Virginia . [ As one of the only radio personalities in America to project Dave Brat ’s historic upset victory that rocked America last year , I also predicted Donald Trump would be the 2016 Republican Presidential nominee back in May , before he Donald Trump officially announced his Donald Trump .   I rarely make public endorsements of political candidates . I am endorsing GOP    Donald Trump for our GOP ’s nomination . Here ’s why : This is not some vague election about the future . It This an election about what is happening to our country   —    and its our country     —    at this very moment . Every day , innocent Americans are being maimed and murdered by criminal aliens roaming free across this our country   Violent gangs like    are spreading poverty , violence and ruin . The streets are painted red with the blood of innocent Americans killed by those who should never have been allowed into the country our country   with . But the Washington Republican Party elites do worse than nothing . They join in the Washington Republican Party elites mayhem , pushing legislation like Marco Rubio ’s Gang of Eight bill to legalize sex offenders and gang members , and to give our jobs , our tax dollars our our voting booths to those who illegally entered our country . our country   are overcrowded . Our resources are stretched Our the breaking point . Our educators indoctrinate our children to believe their own American culture Our educators inferior . Yet , our Washington Republican Party elites do worse than nothing . They push to make our Washington Republican Party elites congestion worse , giving precious school slots and dwindling dollars to    waves of newcomers who have not contributed a cent to our taxes or to our local treasuries . Our workers are struggling to get raises , promotions , and job security . 17 million more U. S.   workers in their    years were without jobs in 2014 than in 2000 . Our working class has been laid to waste economically . Yet , our Washington Republican Party elites do worse than nothing . They conspire with corporate our Washington Republican Party elites and cheap labor seeking donors to bring in more    workers ,    workers , refugees       holders , and    students and on and on to fill available jobs at lower wages . In the meantime welfare rolls surge , food stamps explode , community confidence saps , and assimilation grinds to a halt . There is one man in this race who will bring us back to sanity : Donald J. Trump . His immigration platform   Donald J. Trump    outlined in detail on his website   — Donald J. Trump puts the needs of American workers first . He ’ll reduce immigration Donald J. Trump build the border wall , and protect our jobs . In the midst of growing national security threats , Trump is the only Donald J. Trump who will pause Muslim immigration until our country can be America . We have admitted more Muslim immigrants since    than the population of Iowa a pause is the moderate , sensible thing to do . Perhaps people forget that we had zero immigration growth in America for an entire half a century , after Calvin Coolidge hit the pause button . The immigrant population shrank to the population of Iowa million by 1970 . On our current    it will We 80 million by 2065 . Meanwhile , our manufacturing sector has been We . An entire way of life has been hollowed out .    Americans are dying off   —    figuratively and literally . Middle class America is circling the drain America Yet , our Washington Republican Party elites do worse than nothing . They join with Obama to Fast Track our Washington Republican Party elites extremist    trade agenda . Marco Obama cast the deciding vote to Fast Track Obamatrade . Paul Ryan did everything in his power to shove it through . Paul Ryan running the White House and Ryan Marco Rubio the People ’s House would Paul Ryan like giving Obama four the White House years to finish his legacy   —    and finish Obama our working class . Donald Trump is the only candidate who has consistently led the fight against    and the    Partnership . He alone has a trade plan to Donald Trump back our jobs , our manufacturing , and our middle class existence . We can also count on Trump to create a tax code , Donald Trump regulatory system , and a budget that keep tax dollars in our pockets , good paying jobs in our communities , energy in our homes and businesses in business . Trump will put the special interests on Donald Trump level playing field and reign in the EPA . A President Trump would be beholden only Donald Trump : the American people . Trump also has a rational foreign policy . Some Donald Trump to    and police across the globe   —    with our sons’ and daughters’ blood and our money   —    all while importing the our ’s displaced refugees into our communities . It is time to stop    and instead start building alliances based on our    interest . It ’s time for all of us to accept some uncomfortable truths . Our current crop of D. C. GOP elite leaders us working against us , not for us . Whereas the Democrat us are loyal to us base and will defend it at every turn the Democrat leaders the D. C. GOP elites often loathe their base . Have you ever heard a Democrat the D. C. GOP elites Pelosi is n’t liberal enough ? Yet we are stuck with the D. C. GOP elite open borders crowd   —    led by Speaker Paul Ryan   —    who wants to work with Obama to free criminals from jail , pass Obama ’s TPP trade pact , and complete Obama ’s Obama . Voting Republican in national elections has Obama form of ritualized   . We keep voting , we keep believing , we keep electing national Republicans   —    We they keep betraying We . Rinse , wash , repeat . The national Republicans   truth is We the establishment Washington Republican Party leadership class has become a    business model . They appear to regard their shareholders not as average folks but as national Republicans   members of the national Republicans   political class . The retread consultants who appear relentlessly on television , on campaigns , in the Congressional offices   —    it ’s all one big revolving door . And everyone is profiting   —    but us . Like a large    monopoly , the D. C. GOP elites are interested only in protecting their market share , their power , their windowed corner offices and the D. C. GOP elites corporate officers . the D. C. GOP elites work for the D. C. GOP elites big donors who pull the D. C. GOP elites strings . Trump the D. C. GOP elites no donors the D. C. GOP elites He will work for us . The D. C , GOP elites Trump dissent from voters , radio talk show hosts , activists and conservative thinkers as annoyances to be quashed . That is precisely why the Republican Party of Virginia has created a new loyalty oath to intimidate new voters Trump has brought to the Party   —    including Trump ’s Trump Independents and black the Republican Party of Virginia    from coming to the polls . When is the last time you turned on the T. V. and heard a Republican pundit or politician defend the American worker and our wages ? When is the last time the D. C. GOP fought as hard to protect your family from mass immigration as they fought to pass Obamatrade , or an awful omnibus budget deal , or the D. C. GOP meaningless show vote ? When is the last time your D. C. GOP elites spoke in your defense , instead of lecturing you about how you need to get with their program ? When have you ever heard a Republican State of the Union your D. C. GOP elites where the GOP speaker fought as hard for your family as the President fights for the families of illegal immigrants ? When have you ever heard a Republican State of the Union response where the speaker spends half her time bashing a Presidential candidate   —    in the GOP speaker Party ? When the GOP speaker you ever even heard a Republican leader   — the GOP speaker any Republican leader   —    say they agree with the overwhelming majority of GOP voters who think immigration numbers are too high ? When Disney workers were replaced with foreign    workers , the D. C. GOP elites did not lift a finger on their behalf . Only Donald Trump demanded that Disney hire them back . When terrorists the D. C. GOP elites San Bernadino , the D. C. GOP Disney went out of their way to tell us how America the D. C. GOP elites Muslim immigrants as wish to come here the D. C. GOP elites no matter what the D. C. GOP elites believe about America . Only Donald Trump America it was time to hit pause . When Obama tried to ram through as many Muslim immigrants Fast Track for TPP Only Donald Trump Republican Party the Washington Republican Party elites as Obama Neanderthals " and shoved it through . Only Trump said hell no . Only one person in the race can not be bought , can not be corrupted . Only one person in this race "Neanderthals" smash that Only Donald Trump to pieces . The fact that the professional class so hates the idea of Trump winning is the proof   —    the only reliable the race that Donald Trump is the one Trump who can give us our country back and put the Donald Trump have betrayed us out America . This is our moment of truth . This is our moment of justice . This is our moment of redemption . This is our moment to show the media elites , the us political consultant cabal , the open us    the banksters , This Tarpists us the crony capitalists that This is us our country . Together , we us take our country back . And America Great Again . John Fredericks is a America radio talk show host in America . Fredericks show " Common Sense for the Commonwealth " can be heard weekdays us a. m. on WNTW AM 820    in Richmond , WHKT Virginia 1650    in Hampton Roads and WBRG AM 1050 , 106 . 7FM John Fredericks 105 . 1 in   . The John Fredericks show is streamed live : 
 John Fredericks a syndicated morning radio talk show host in Virginia 