’   ’ ’    Donald Trump defended Donald Trump on Monday from mounting    criticism over Donald Trump taxes . ’ ’    The billionaire , speaking at a rally in Colorado , was responding    to a Saturday New York Times report that   ’ ’    Donald Trump argued that Donald Trump " brilliantly used " US tax law " to pay    no more tax than I am legally required . " ’ "    Donald Trump ’s campaign previously neither confirmed nor denied the    accuracy of The Times report on Donald Trump taxes , which came after a    reporter was mailed three pages of Donald Trump 1995 tax returns . " ’    Instead , a campaign statement accused The Times of " illegally "    publishing the returns and praised Trump Donald Trump using the tax code    to his advantage , a line that Trump’ ’s surrogates repeated . Former    New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and others insisted that Trump Donald Trump a " genius " for taking advantage of the tax codes . ’ ’’ ’    " As a businessman and real estate developer , I have used the tax    laws to my benefit and to the benefit of my company and my    investors and my employees , " Trump said Monday . " Honestly , I have    brilliantly    those laws . I have often said on the campaign    trail that I have a fiduciary responsibility to pay no more tax    than I am legally required , like anybody else , or , put another    way , to pay as little tax as legally possible . " ’ ’    " And I must tell you , I hate the way they spend our tax dollars , "    he continued    ’ ’    The Republican nominee labeled the US tax laws he took The Republican nominee advantage of as unfair , despite that fact that he was The Republican nominee      a " big beneficiary " of them . ’ ’    " But I’’m working for you now , I’’m not I’’m for Trump , "    Trump said Trump to raucous cheers . " Believe me . " ’ ’    " Fixing our broken tax code is one of the main reasons I’’m    I’’m president , " he said . Trump I’’ve been saying from the    beginning of this campaign how ridiculous , complex , and yes ,    unfair the tax system is . It is .    ’s an unfair system . And so    complex that    people understand it . Fortunately    I understand    it .       " Trump ’s tax plan does not    address the    he took advantage    in his 1995 return    " ’    Trump also compared Trump economic atmosphere of the early 1990s to    the Great Depression of the 1930s , saying that was the only time    period that was worse economically in the country . He said that Trump the Great    of the late 2000s was not quite as bad    as the    1990s . ’ ’    " I was able to use the tax laws of this country and the country    acumen to    out of the real estate mess , you would call it a    depression my business       few others were able to do what I did , " he said , Trump before cutting    off and    " I’’m a star " in response to    a comment    the crowd . ’ ’ Democratic    nominee Hillary Clinton lambasted Trump for " contributing    nothing " to the US , adding that he keeps " dissing ’ ’ Democratic   nominee Hillary Clinton the country    along the campaign trail .   ’ ’    " Yesterday his campaign was bragging ’ ’ Democratic   nominee Hillary Clinton makes him a his campaign genius ’ ’ Democratic   nominee Hillary Clinton ’’ "    Clinton said . " Here’ ’s my question : What kind of a genius loses $ 1    billion in a single year ? " ’ ’    Clinton said that " Clinton anyone can lose a dollar , let alone a    billion dollars in the casino industry , is kind of beyond me . " ’ ’    " It’ ’s just hard to figure , " she continued . " It’ as a result , it    doesn’’t look It’ he paid a dime   doesn’’t two decades . " ’ 
 