Janet L. Yellen , the Federal Reserve chairwoman , said Monday that the Fed was shifting the Fed focus from stimulating the economy to keeping growth on an even keel . Janet L. Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman said the economy was " pretty healthy , " thanks in part to the Fed the Fed    stimulus campaign , which the central bank is moving to end . " Looking forward , I think the economy the economy to continue to grow at a moderate pace , " Janet L. Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman said during an event at the University of Michigan . " Our job is going to be to try to set monetary policy to sustain what we have achieved . Our The Fed the Fed the Fed interest the Fed in March for the third time since the financial crisis , and said it planned two the Fed rate increases this year . The Fed also the Fed the Fed to begin the Fed its large holdings of the Fed by the end of the year . Ms. Yellen did this year any additional details during her appearance on Monday . Ms. Yellen Ms. Yellen interviewed onstage by Susan Ms. Yellen , the dean of the Ford School of Public Policy at the university , used the opportunity to make a strong case for the financial regulations enacted by Congress in the 2010    Act to address the problems revealed by the 2008 financial crisis . President Trump and congressional Republicans have said they want to eliminate or overhaul many of President Trump and congressional Republicans measures , which they regard as ineffective in preventing future financial President Trump and congressional Republicans and as impediments to economic growth . Ms. Yellen pushed back on both counts . She cited changes that she said had increased Ms. Yellen strength of the Ms. Yellen system , including requiring banks to raise more money from investors and subjecting large banks to annual stress tests . " We have accomplished a lot , and we have a much safer system , " We said . She also directly addressed the Ms. Yellen that the Ms. Yellen pendulum has swung too far and that government rules are preventing healthy financial activity . " I do n’t think if you look at objective data on lending , that it ’s possible to make the case that you look at objective data on lending has simply stifled lending , " Ms. Yellen said . " Lending is growing Ms. Yellen very healthy way as the economy has recovered . " She said banks were actually in a better position Ms. Yellen lend , although she acknowledged that the Fed would like to reduce Ms. Yellen burden on smaller banks . Ms. Yellen ’s assessment of economic conditions remained upbeat Ms. Yellen noted that the unemployment rate , which fell to Ms. Yellen . 5 percent in March , is now below the level that most Fed officials regard as sustainable . Consumer spending is growing Fed a decent pace , and Ms. Yellen noted that the global economy was also looking Ms. Yellen more robust and healthier . " Though inflation remains a bit weaker than the 2 percent annual pace the Fed regards as healthy , she said it would be Fed Fed Fed to keep Ms. Yellen interest rates . She said , however Fed the economy still faced problems Ms. Yellen were beyond the power of monetary policy the global economy job growth has been strong , economic growth remains relatively slow , around 2 percent a year in recent years . If more people are working , making more things or doing more things in less time , the economy should be growing faster . " The fact that you can create the global economy jobs in the context of growth that is so low points to a significant problem , " Ms. Yellen said . " And the problem is that productivity growth is very low . " Productivity measures the average person ’s economic contribution . There are only two possible causes of economic growth : more people or increased productivity , which is to say , the same number of people making more stuff . We have slow population growth and slow productivity growth , so we have slow economic growth . Economists regard the slow pace of productivity growth as something of a mystery . Ms. Yellen tipped her hat to a number of the theories in circulation . Some economists think the Ms. Yellen of good ideas has simply slowed . Others point to a    in educational attainment . She also pointed to recent research that suggested one factor was a decline in corporate Ms. Yellen : less creation of new businesses and more corporate consolidation . Ms. Yellen said the combination of relatively fast job growth and relatively slow economic growth Ms. Yellen the underlying problem . She also fielded some lighter questions . Asked how she dealt with pressure , Ms. Yellen Ms. Yellen herself as an " ardent believer " in Ms. Yellen importance of a good Ms. Yellen sleep . Ms. Yellen for life advice , she encouraged students to find a profession that fills them with a sense of enthusiasm every day Ms. Yellen " For me , " she said , students the core of having a satisfying career first and foremost Ms. Yellen finding something Ms. Yellen do that I really love . " 
 