Washington ( CNN ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions infuriated Democratic senators Tuesday by repeatedly thwarting Democratic senators efforts to shed light on the firing of James Comey , as James Comey blasted secret innuendo and leaks over James Comey own conduct .   In a fiery Senate intelligence committee hearing , Attorney General Jeff Sessions raised James Comey voice in indignation as James Comey rejected claims that James Comey had colluded with Russian officials during the 2016 election as an " appalling and detestable lie . " James Comey repeatedly declined to go into James Comey private conversations with President Donald Trump     frustrating Democrats who accused James Comey of " stonewalling " to shield the administration . Using all the skills in filibustering and diversion that James Comey learned in years as an Alabama senator , the Attorney General appeared to escape the hearing without major political damage . the Attorney General also provided resistance that may offer a boost to a    White House that has been unable to shrug off the dark cloud over the Russia investigation . Sessions beseeched the Attorney General former Senate colleagues to believe the Attorney General when the Attorney General said the Attorney General did not hold an undisclosed meeting with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak at a speech by    Trump at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington last year . the Attorney General said the Attorney General could not recall if the Attorney General had an informal interactions with Russians at the event . Sessions defended the Attorney General decision to participate in the firing of former FBI Director Comey , even though the Attorney General had recused the Attorney General from the Russian matter and Trump later said that the probe was in the Attorney General mind when the Attorney General pushed the FBI chief overboard .   " I recused the FBI chief from any investigation into the campaign for president , but I did not recuse the FBI chief from defending my honor against scurrilous and false allegations , " the Attorney General said . But the attorney general left Democratic senators deeply frustrated when the attorney general declined to go into the reasons for Comey ’s dismissal and would n’t say whether the President ordered Comey out of the Oval Office so Comey could talk privately with Comey on February 14 , in an encounter the former FBI director said included a request for the former FBI director to go easy on former national security adviser Michael Flynn . When asked by Sen. Angus King if the President invoked executive privilege to prevent his Sen. Angus King , Sessions responded , " I am protecting the right of the the President assert it if he chooses the President there may be other privileges that could apply in this circumstance . " Trump watched Sessions testify aboard Air Force One during about    flight to Milwaukee , an aide told CNN .   After the hearing , Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee suggested to CNN ’s CNN Blitzer that Congress could ultimately be prepared to hold Sessions in contempt of Congress in an effort to force him to Wolf Blitzer in more detail . Sessions’ responses triggered an explosion by Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon . " I believe the American people have had it with stonewalling , " Wyden said Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon Sessions replied , " I am not stonewalling . I ’m following historic policies of Department of Justice . You do n’t walk into any committee meeting and reveal confidential communications with president of United States . " When Wyden accused Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon of not answering the questions about Comey ’s reported remark that his behavior Comey recusing himself from Comey Russia probe was " problematic , " Sessions chuckled and then launched into his most Comey defense of his actions Comey " This is a secret innuendo being leaked out there about me , Comey I do n’t appreciate it , " Sessions said , raising his voice Comey Other Democrats also lost their patience Other Democrats Sessions . " You are not answering questions . You are impeding this investigation , " said New Mexico Sen. Martin Heinrich . And California Sen. Dianne Feinstein appeared puzzled by Sessions’ reasoning for not providing more details . Sessions said that he was not sure what was " explicitly " in Trump ’s mind when he decided he fire Comey . But he said he he was he to say whether he had he Comey ’s Comey of the FBI investigation on the principle that his conversations he the President should be kept confidential . Feinstein then asked , " How do you view that ? Since you discussed his removal the President why would n’t you discuss the reasons ? " California Sen. Kamala Harris meanwhile again earned a rebuke from committee chairman Burr after interrupting Sessions as he was California Sen. Kamala Harris to answer , and the Attorney General played the exchange for all it was worth . " I ’m not able to be rushed this fast , it makes this nervous , " Sessions said Sessions Sessions’ determination to mount a vigorous rebuttal , after Comey ’s testimony before the committee last week raised questions about the administration ’s conduct , was clear from the moment he began Comey opening Comey .   He said Comey did Comey recall a third meeting with Russian ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak in the Mayflower the Mayflower Hotel , despite reports that the FBI had been investigating whether such a contact took place . " I did not have any private meetings nor recall any private conversations with any Russian official Russian the Mayflower Hotel , "   Sessions told the Senate intelligence committee . Sessions also argued that his recusal from the Russia investigation did not mean that he should be barred his his oversight duties over his FBI , following claims by Democrats that he should have not his a role in Comey ’s firing . his I recused myself from any investigation into the campaigns for President , but I did not recuse myself from defending my myself against scurrilous and false allegations , " Sessions said . " At all times throughout the course of the campaign , the confirmation process , and since becoming attorney general , I have dedicated myself to the highest myself . " Sessions confirmed that he had left Comey on his own with Trump he the Oval Office alone on February 14 , though declined to say whether he was ordered to Comey so by the President citing the need to keep his conversations with him Comey . He Comey confirmed Comey Comey testimony that Comey former FBI chief later told him he was concerned the former FBI chief the former FBI chief meeting , but said he did not say the former FBI chief something improper occurred . Sessions also testified that Sessions had never had the former FBI chief meetings with officials from Russia or anywhere else about interference in the US election . " Further , I have no knowledge of any such conversations by anyone connected to the Trump campaign , " Sessions said . " The suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country , which I have served with honor for 35 years , or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process , is an appalling and detestable lie . " Sessions said he had confidence in special counsel Robert Mueller , and said that his recusal from the he probe would stop him taking part in he hypothetical effort to remove him . A friend he Trump ’s said Monday that the President was considering taking just such a step . 
 