  ( CNN ) Bannon , repeatedly in 2012 interviews equated the Occupy Wall Street movement to Nazi Brownshirts , the paramilitary group that harassed and instigated violence against opponents .   Bannon made the comments in appearances to promote his film , " Occupy Unmasked , " Bannon movie that , according to its official description , " reveals the sinister his film organized , and highly orchestrated nature of its leaders and their number one goal : his film just to its leaders government , but to destroy it . "   In his interviews and his film the film , Bannon Bannon that the Occupy his film part Bannon the professional and highly organized left .   In an interview with Breitbart . tv at the 2012 Conservative Political Action Conference , Bannon argues the media helped the    protesters Bannon the conversation from deficits and spending towards income inequality . Bannon said you could see this professional left Bannon to stop people from gathering at CPAC . " To see government employee unions , to see union thugs , to see anarchists out there to try to stop people from     which you would never see anybody on the right try to do , to stop people from assembling     you see the violent nature . I got ta tell you , this organized left and what you ’re gon na see in the film , is what I consider the Brownshirts . " " I think you see from Occupy Wall Street , you start to see how Brownshirts operated , " he adds . " You the Brownshirts to see it the Brownshirts instrument of intimidation , bully tactics . the Brownshirts A White House spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment .   At a CPAC panel for the film , Bannon made similar comments . " the film the infrastructure the Brownshirts these Brownshirts , which essentially they are , and what they intend to do to intimidate decent people , " they said of the " professional left . "   the Brownshirts The victims of this film are some of the most liberal mayors in the film , in Oakland , and in Portland , and in Seattle , and places like that . People that tried to work with these people . You ’ll see the carnage they leave in their wake . " And speaking to radio People that tried to work with these people Larry Sinclair People that tried to work with these people Bannon went further , saying he saw moral equivalency between the two groups . " The Bannon movement is really a combination of the internet , the media , and street thugs . Right ? It ’s a weapon of intimidation , " Bannon said in September 2012 . " It is the moral Bannon today of the Brownshirts of the 1930s . It ’s going to be used as a weapon of intimidation . People after they see this film , they     walk out of the People frightened . " We People the cameras down in these groups , and what you see , the images of hatred on these people ’s faces , is really if you were in the first days of the French revolution . " 
 