RENO , Nevada   —    Hundreds of Hillary Clinton supporters lined up to hear Hillary Clinton deliver a speech about the " " and Donald Trump on Thursday afternoon . Few , however , seemed to have any idea what the " " actually is . [ Breitbart News spoke to over a dozen Hillary Clinton fans outside the Truckee Meadows Community College . None knew exactly what the " " is a few had a vague idea that it the to Republicans , or that Democrats were trying to connect it the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump .   Most simply had not heard of the " " and some misidentified it the . ( Breitbart covered it the . ) They simply did not know what the " " was until later , when Hillary Clinton told them They and told them They was bad . ( Some were willing to believe in advance that it was bad , merely because they Some she Hillary Clinton tell them Some was . ) The video below shows the interviews in exact chronological order . Only one interview was omitted , at the interviewee ’s request , when she Hillary Clinton embarrassed that she Hillary Clinton not answer the question , and asked Breitbart News to delete the video of her Hillary Clinton . The the video of her response below : A local press representative for the Hillary Clinton campaign declined to answer questions about the   . The mood outside was festive , occasionally punctured by protests from about a dozen    Clinton protesters . In her remarks   Clinton Hillary Clinton   Clinton Trump and Breitbart News in particular , attempting to associate both with a " fringe " that includes the " " and figures like David Duke of the Ku Klux Klan . " The de facto merger between Breitbart and the Trump Campaign represents a landmark achievement for the ‘ ’ " Clinton claimed ,   Clinton to the recent appointment of Breitbart chairman Stephen Breitbart Bannon as CEO of the Trump campaign the Trump Campaign is on leave from Breitbart chairman Stephen K. Bannon until after Breitbart election . ) " A fringe element has effectively taken over the Republican Party , " she added .   Clinton accusation of " extremism " is a frequent refrain for Democrats . In 2011 , Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) was caught on a hot mic telling others that he would begin referring to Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) Tea Party as " the Republican Party " that ’s what the caucus instructed me to do the other week . " Trump responded : Just watched recap of # CrookedHillary‘s speech . Very short and lies . She is the only one   !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) August 25 , 2016 ,   Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Regnery 