  ( CNN ) Never has there been so much lingering hostility so long after a presidential election .    Much of so much lingering hostility has been aimed at the first family , with a particularly cruel emphasis on Melania Trump . And yet , despite the barrage of insults attacking her Melania Trump including the New York Times reporter who referred to her Melania Trump a hooker and the    who called her Melania Trump golddigger , the first lady continues to demonstrate grace , kindness and patience .      Her Melania Trump experience with this onslaught of ugliness gives her Melania Trump unique vantage point , allowing her Melania Trump speak with both empathy and authority on issues of bullying and social media cruelty . And often the best advocates for any cause are those who have experienced firsthand the social evils they seek to combat .      In recent weeks , Melania has emerged as a thoughtful and courageous advocate for a safer , kinder cyberculture for children and families . At the 2017 Secretary of State ’s International Women of Courage Awards , she Melania that " Together , we must declare that the era of allowing brutality against women and children is over . "     But it ’ll take more than speeches to change the current political climate , in which our country is so dramatically polarized , and the conversation both on and offline has become increasingly disrespectful , aggressive and even violent .    Most recently , Rosie O’Donnell tweeted to Melania , " u need to divorce him Rosie O’Donnell take ur son n parents and flee . " And Chelsea Handler continues her Chelsea Handler of low blows against the first family , attacking Eric and Lara ’s unborn child in a tweet that read , " just what we need , another person with those ’jeans,’ ( sic ) let ’s we it ’s a girl . " But the attacks are not limited to the Trumps . Many of those I know , who , like me , voted for the    ticket , have been victims of hostile comments and cyberbullying . Two longtime liberal leaning friends of mine expressed outrage over an article I wrote on my personal Facebook page making the case for the the   ticket I posted it with the disclaimer , " We may not all agree , but can agree to disagree and treat others with kindness and respect . " And yet they could not find the space to do so . And a nurse in my doctor ’s office told me that when she posted a a nurse in my doctor of herself with a a nurse in my doctor veteran at an inaugural ball , a number of her friends either a nurse in my doctor her or asked a nurse in my doctor be removed from her page . a nurse in my doctor In fact , many I know have taken a hiatus from posting anything political on social media , just to avoid the vitriol directed at them for their social media of social media current administration .     Given the scope of the issue , Melania has and should continue to find common ground . Liberals and conservatives share many core values , including a belief in the importance of family and a willingness to fight to protect their children . Liberals and conservatives April is National Child Abuse Prevention Month ( as President Trump declared just last week ) now is the time to encourage all Americans to put aside their differences and all Americans their children first all Americans     Here are a few slogans for Melania to consider and that have worked for Enough is Enough , my own organization , which fights for a culture in which everyone is treated with dignity and respect : 1 . Every child deserves a protected age of innocence , free from exploitation . 2 . While our nation remains divided over politics , it ’s my goal as first lady to appeal to our higher calling our Americans , parents and human beings .   3 . As parents , we must walk the walk as well as talk the talk . As we teach our we to we the Golden Rule , we need to we that behavior ourselves . 4 we Cyberbullying can not be fixed by legislation alone , which is best left to the states . This is a matter of the heart and of personal choice . 5 . Choose the high road over low blows . But slogans only work if they are strategically slogans , so I recommend Melania meet with a couple of trusted leaders to advise her on how Melania to pursue this honorable agenda . At Enough Is Enough , we are making ourselves available to we any help we can to we her mission . Melania Bottom line , we need to we our differences at we door for the sake of the children and our nation , and constructively focus on what unites us .   I encourage Melania to continue to hold her head high and to demonstrate , by word and deed , what it really means to take the high road . The American people are watching , and they need a The American people lady .   
 