Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) will absolutely not be an independent candidate for president in November , Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) team confirmed to Breitbart News on Monday morning . A    source close to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has also confirmed that A   source close to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush will not be former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush running against presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump and likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in November . Another    source , this one close to Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) has confirmed that the Texas senator —   Trump ’s last serious competitor for the GOP nomination —   will also not be launching an independent bid for president in November .    Sasse , an outspoken critic of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump from the beginning , has said Sasse, an outspoken critic of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump from the beginning will not support GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump in the general election against Clinton . Sasse is still holding out against GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump , drawing criticism from even Sasse fellow Nebraskan Sen. Deb Fischer ( ) —   who told the New York Times Sasse strategy would hand Clinton the general election against Clinton . " I do n’t agree with his his strategy " Fischer even his fellow Nebraskan Sen. Deb Fischer . " I ’m not going to hand this the general election against Clinton Hillary Clinton Clinton Bush and GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump , meanwhile , tangled roughly during the primary , and he has said he Bush not support Bush in the general the general election against Clinton repeatedly called Bush " low energy , " Bush Bush made himself the tip of Bush spear Bush GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump for some time . GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump succeeded , while Bush failed , in the primary Bush Bush dropped out the primary dismal Bush in South Carolina , but he still refuses to back GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Bush " In November , I will not vote for Donald Trump GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Clinton , but I will support principled conservatives at Clinton and federal levels , just as I have done my entire life , " Bush wrote on Facebook back on May 6 . Bush For Republicans , there is no greater priority than ensuring we keep control of both chambers of Congress . I look forward to working hard for great conservatives in the Senate and House in the coming months . " The race between Trump and Cruz , meanwhile , was easily one of the most vicious in GOP history , where things got personal between the candidates and their families . But Cruz is definitely not running for president things an independent now Cruz even though he has yet to formally endorse Trump after the bruising primary Cruz   Sources close to several Trump and potential    independent candidates , such as 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney , have not yet confirmed one way GOP the other whether they are going to run . Several sources from Romney ’s Sources close to several other potential   independent candidates, such as 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney campaign are not exactly sure either way , though they believe Romney will end up not doing it . Some Several sources from Romney’s 2012 campaign officials Romney nervous it could be him who the Weekly Standard ’s Bill Kristol it drafted as Romney independent , and the level of quiet from    at this time is concerning to some . Two of Romney ’s current staffers have not answered repeated inquiries from Breitbart Romney as to whether he will go down this road , and he is about Romney only person with the name identification necessary Romney launch an effective independent bid for the presidency . Republicans are fairly confident that 2008 GOP presidential nominee Sen. John McCain ( ) will not run as an independent in November and similarly confident that U. S. House Speaker Paul Ryan —   the 2012 GOP vice presidential candidate , Romney ’s running mate —   GOP not the candidate . Even so , McCain ’s offices and Ryan ’s offices have not responded to 2008 GOP presidential nominee Sen. John McCain ( ) as of press time on Memorial Day . If Kristol is unable to get one of those three —   Romney , Ryan , or McCain —   or another previous candidate for president like Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker or Ohio Gov. John Kasich to run , his quixotic bid is unlikely to be even remotely successful . Walker Kristol team and Kasich ’s team have not immediately responded to Breitbart News inquiries over Memorial Day weekend , but party insiders do n’t expect either to launch an independent bid for president . Every other former GOP presidential candidate from Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) on down to former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , and all the rest of them have endorsed Trump —   except for former New York Gov. ) on down to former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal Pataki . If Pataki ran as an independent , though , it would be hard former New York Gov. George Pataki take his candidacy seriously —   he barely ever cracked a single percent former New York Gov. George Pataki polling during the GOP former New York Gov. George Pataki . For such an independent bid to be successful —   success being defined as getting into debates and actually affecting the two major parties’ candidates , Trump and likely Clinton —   any potential candidate would have to have enormous name identification already built up . They would also have to have vast resources , or access to the two major parties’ candidates, Trump and likely Clinton donors , since getting on the ballot across the country in enough states to matter as a candidate would be difficult and , without the backing of a serious party , such an independent could be even less successful than libertarian candidates . It ’s a possibility that Kristol does not actually have a serious candidate , or that he has a backbencher Congressman or former congressman or senator or former Kristol lined up . Such possibilities for Kristol ’s search for an independent to take votes away from Trump Kristol sources say , former U. S. Sen. Jim Talent from Missouri or former U. S. Sen. Sen. Talent to Breitbart News whether they plan such a run . [ Update : A spokeswoman for Sen. Talent , after Sen. Talent article former U. S. Sen. Tom Coburn from Oklahoma confirmed that he is not running for president as an Sen. Talent and is not the candidate Kristol has talked about . ] Getting beyond that list , into House members and former elected Sen. Talent , the roster is an endless possibility of    candidates that would not mean success for those seeking a seemingly desperate independent candidate for president . [ Update : Carly Fiorina ’s team also confirmed she is not planning an independent bid for president . 
 Carly Fiorina’s 