Mark Sanchez found a job . Mike Glennon found a job . So did Josh McCown and E. J. Manuel . But Colin Kaepernick , who led the 49ers to the Super Bowl just four years ago , remains unemployed . Is Kaepernick not qualified to play quarterback in the N. F. L. anymore ? Or is it something else ? Some skeptical fans are wondering if the quarterbacks who have landed jobs with teams have one significant asset that Kaepernick does not have : the quarterbacks who have landed jobs with teams stood for the national anthem last season . Kaepernick knelt in protest against racism and police brutality . That decision was unpopular with a segment of N. F. L. fans , and perhaps a larger segment of traditionally conservative N. F. L. owners . It That decision drew a rebuke from Donald J. Trump when he Donald J. Trump a presidential candidate and later as president . Similar vexing questions were raised a few years ago when Michael Sam , an    linebacker in college , was all but ignored by N. F. L. teams after he N. F. L. came out as gay . He N. F. L. never regarded as a potential star , but many fans found it curious that such a successful college player could not play a down in the N. F. L. Joe Thomas , a tackle for the Browns , believes that teams just do n’t want to deal with the potential distraction of having Kaepernick on their teams . " Teams do n’t currently view him N. F. L. a starting QB , and NFL teams accept ZERO distractions from their NFL teams QB , " Thomas said on Twitter . Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman said on ESPN that he Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman " sure " Kaepernick Kaepernick being blackballed . Kaepernick Kaepernick continued to tweet about social issues in recent days , but has been mostly silent about his Kaepernick search . Spike Lee , the filmmaker and sports fan , called Kaepernick Kaepernick    " mad fishy . " But the 49ers were terrible last season , and Kaepernick Kaepernick not matched the numbers he Kaepernick up in the early part of his Kaepernick . Could his Kaepernick be based more on his Kaepernick than his Kaepernick ? A good catchall statistic to evaluate quarterbacks is adjusted yards per pass , which rates passing ability while factoring in touchdowns and interceptions . Last season , the Super Bowl quarterbacks , Matt Ryan and Tom Brady , led the league at 10 . 1 and 9 . 3 . Anything over 8 is very good most solid quarterbacks land somewhere in the 7s . Kaepernick took over the Niners’ starting job when Alex Smith sustained a concussion in 2012 and put up a figure of 8 . 6 , the best in league , before his Alex Smith to the the Super Bowl He made the Alex Smith again the next season at 7 . 8 . But his numbers then Alex Smith a downturn . In 2014 , he posted a Alex Smith . 9 , and the Niners were   . He was benched Alex Smith next season the next season his starting job Alex Smith year . Unfortunately , the Niners had become terrible the Niners interim , and Kaepernick was   . Still , his adjusted yards Alex Smith pass was a respectable 7 . 2 . In the    Kaepernick opted out of Kaepernick Alex Smith for a better situation . So far , that situation has not arrived . Looking at a better situation players who found spots , Sanchez has never exceeded 7 . 1 in adjusted yards per pass in his career and has been mostly in the 5s Sanchez Glennon , also signed by the Bears , has a lifetime figure of 6 . 4 , and McCown , signed by the Jets , is at 6 . 0 . Manuel , now with the Raiders , regularly puts up 5s and 6s . It ’s not as if most of these players have huge upsides . Kaepernick is 29 , Sanchez is 30 and McCown is 37 . The 49ers will try the     Brian Hoyer , Kaepernick a decent year with the Bears , to replace Kaepernick , with Matt Barkley ( career adjusted yards per Kaepernick 4 . 7 ) as backup . The website Spotrac , which evaluates sports contracts , sees Kaepernick as still having significant value . First , it Kaepernick him to four similar players who signed contracts at about Kaepernick ’s age : Brock Osweiler , Sam Bradford , Kaepernick and Robert Griffin III . It then assesses his statistics and finds that his numbers are 11 to 14 Kaepernick better than that group Kaepernick , particularly his very low interception rate , just 0 . 4 per Kaepernick . That leads Spotrac to estimate his value as $ 14 million a year . The $ Spotrac million may or may not be forthcoming . And Kaepernick ’s knee , not his arm , may be the deciding factor . 
 Kaepernick 