  ( CNN ) After decades in their film cans , thousands of nuclear testing explosion films are finally seeing the light of day , thanks to a project by the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ( LLNL ) .   Over a period of about 20 years after the end of World War II , the US conducted 210 atmospheric nuclear tests . Each was captured by multiple cameras , rolling at around 2 , 400 frames per second . A handful of the estimated 10 , 000 mesmerizing test films have been declassified and the National Laboratory , custodians of the material , has uploaded more than 60 videos to a YouTube playlist .    The project to digitize the aging film came just in time . Greg Spriggs , a nuclear weapons physicist at the National Laboratory who ’s in charge of the The project to digitize the aging film says the films were decomposing " to the point where they ’ll the films useless . "   The film the aging film of organic material and each film canister he cracked open gave off a strong odor of vinegar , he says , he the decomposition had already begun . At 89 , he works with he to prevent nuclear doom , Jim Moye , a film expert with four decades of experience in the motion picture industry who was brought on to the project , says   the films are remarkably well preserved , given that they were n’t the films particularly carefully . About 65 % of the films have the films from the various    bunkers where they were stored , the films of those , more than    have been scanned . Only about 500 films have been actually analyzed so far , with modern techniques giving far more accurate readings of the explosions than the nuclear physicists of yesteryear were able to muster . Trump : US must be ’top of the pack’ in nuclear weapons capability , The released tapes include footage of atmospheric tests , such as Operation Dominic , which is filmed as a expanding sphere , through the clouds , as well as surface tests . Looking at the films , the team found that a lot of the information Spriggs was interested in had n’t even been analyzed back in the 1950s , and the analysis that was done was n’t particularly accurate     inaccuracies were found in as much as   % of the data . Russia deploys missile in apparent treaty violation , " One of the payoffs of this project is that we ’re now getting very consistent answers , " he said in an we’re now getting very consistent answers on the LLNL website . " We ’ve also discovered we things about these detonations that have never been seen before . New correlations are now being used by the nuclear forensics community , for example . " Spriggs says he hopes to provide Spriggs set of " benchmark data which can be used by future weapons physicists . " US , Japan conduct successful missile interception test   His goal , he Spriggs , is Spriggs sure that the US is prepared     but never needs to use the weapons he ’s spent his Spriggs developing . Spriggs Doomsday Clock : Humanity might be edging closer to its end , " Humanity ’s just unbelievable Humanity much energy ’s released . We hope that we would never have We use a nuclear weapon ever again , " he said .   Spriggs I think that if we capture the history We this and show what the force of these weapons are and how much devastation they can wreak , these weapons maybe people will be reluctant to use them . " 
 people 