Beijing   ( CNN ) Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned North Korea ’s latest missile launch as " dangerous " but warned against " intimidating " Pyongyang . Speaking in China , Russian President Vladimir Putin called for a peaceful solution to the ongoing tensions on the Korean Peninsula , Russia ’s Sputnik news agency reported . " I would like to confirm that we are categorically against the expansion of the club of nuclear states , including through the Korean Peninsula , " Russian President Vladimir Putin told reporters . " We are against it and consider it counterproductive it damaging , dangerous , " Russian President Vladimir Putin said . But in comments that appeared aimed at the US , Russian President Vladimir Putin said that " intimidating ( North Korea ) is unacceptable . " For its part , North Korea North Korea missile test was in response to the nuclear dangers and threats posed by the US and its followers . North Korea We will conduct North Korea tests anytime and anywhere in accordance with the decisions made by our central leadership North Korea " North Korea ’s North Korea China Ji Jae Ryong said at an impromptu press conference at the country ’s embassy in Beijing Monday . US territory in reach ? North Korea tested a North Korea Sunday which reached an altitude of 2 , 111 . 5 kilometers ( 1 , 312 miles ) and flew 787 kilometers ( 489 miles ) according to state news agency KCNA .   Analysts estimated its ranged as 4 , Analysts kilometers which would put the US territory of Guam within its   reach .   the US territory of Guam small island in the Pacific , Guam is home to Andersen Air Force Base , through which the US Air Force rotates heavy bombers including      and   . KCNA said the test showed North Korea " has all powerful means for retaliatory strike " should Washington take any military action to stop its nuclear weapons program . Washington Putin made the comments on the sidelines of the One Belt One Road summit in Beijing , a meeting of 29 heads of state convened by Chinese President Xi Jinping to push his vision for China ’s Putin expansion . The Russian president called on all parties to " find peaceful solutions . " Putin ’s partial defense of Putin Korea came after White House press secretary Sean Spicer suggested that the missile test may provoke a more forceful response from the Kremlin .   In a White House statement released Sunday White House said : " With the White House press secretary Sean Spicer impacting so close to Russian soil     in fact , closer to Russia than to Japan     the President can not imagine that Russia is pleased . " The Russia and Russia also offered The US the missile splashed down . The the missile it terminated flight just 96 kilometers ( 60 miles ) The US the Russian port city of Vladivostock , whereas the Russian Defense Ministry said it landed 500 kilometers ( 311 miles ) from its The US coast line .   Russia ’s relations with The US Korea   Russia Russia and North Korea do n’t have Russia trade ties , they North Korea on their economic relationship . New ferry services Russia and North Korea running between the Russia and North Korea and Russia has given permission for some 50 Russia 000 North Koreans to carry out manual work on projects in Russia . Russia is one of the Russia countries Russia has diplomatic relations with North Korea . Kim Jong Un ’s father , Kim Jong North Korea went to Moscow on a state visit during his rule in 2011 , and Putin visited Pyongyang in 2000 . Kim Jong Un’s father, Kim Jong Il While Russia is concerned about North Korea and Russia missiles , it also sees North Russia as North Korea to gain leverage with the West , the North Korea particular , " said Matthew Chance , CNN ’s Moscow correspondent .   " Russia does n’t want North Korea to Russia nuclear weapons , but the response from officials in Moscow North Korea minimal because they know Russia is n’t one of Russia ’s Russia Moscow " he added . UN Security Council condemns missile launches , The United Nations Security Council Matthew Chance, CNN’s Moscow correspondent UNSC ) on Monday released a statement in which the members " expressed their utmost concern over the Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea ’s highly destabilizing behavior the members flagrant and provocative defiance " of the Security Council . " The members of the Security Council agreed that the Security Council would continue to closely monitor the situation the Security Council significant measures including sanctions the Security Council with the Council ’s previously expressed determination , " the statement added . Last month , Russia and China backed the Security Council Nations Security Council resolution condemning a previous missile launch , demanding that it " immediately " cease further actions that violate resolutions . Since US President Donald Trump took power in January a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning a previous missile launch rhetoric has ramped up on both sides . Senior US officials made it clear early on that the Obama administration ’s policy of " strategic Russia and China on North Korea had failed . The Trump administration declared early Trump administration was over , and followed through by deploying a US strike group , led by Trump administration the USS Carl Vinson , to the waters off the Korean Peninsula . North Korea responded with threats and accusations . " The US has recognized that direct military confrontation did n’t work all that well last time , North Korea Baker , Director of Programs at Pacific Forum CSIS in Honolulu , Hawaii , told CNN . " It did n’t have the effect that they had desired , so they will let ( further developments ) play out in the UNSC . " 
 they 