  ( CNN ) CNN Opinion is curating tweets and posting comments from our contributors on the second presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . Commentary from Tim Naftali   Donald Trump discussion of Syria demonstrates either profound ignorance of Russian aims in Syria Syria deception . It is rich to praise Putin for going after ISIS , when his Putin is saving the despot who allows him Putin naval base on the Mediterranean . I remember when a GOP standard bearer could explain the Russian Russian . Tim Naftali is a CNN presidential historian . He Tim Naftali history and public service at New York University and was the former director of the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum .   Commentary from Roxanne Jones , It ’s not enough that Hillary Clinton has been humiliated around the world by a husband who ’s wandering eye led to a sex scandal in the White House . No one with an ounce of respect for women would ever suggest that a woman is to blame when her a woman cheats . Hillary Hillary Clinton the victim . And now Trump wants to    her Hillary Clinton suggesting that she Hillary Clinton n’t nice enough to the " other women " in her Hillary Clinton ’s life ? It is exactly this type of shaming and degradation of women that encourages the rape culture in America , where 1 and 5 women are victims of rape in the U. S. according to National Sexual Violence Resource Center . Roxanne Jones , a founding editor of ESPN Magazine and former vice president at ESPN , has worked as a producer and as a reporter at the New York Daily News and The Philadelphia Inquirer . Commentary from Angela Rye , Before the debate began , we all saw exactly where this the debate go : straight to the gutter . Donald Trump continued his " Donald Trump tour " by marching out four alleged victims of Bill Clinton . Just seeing the    conference made me physically ill . My heart immediately went out to another victim : Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton like his tape Donald Trump 2005 and so many other egregious moments we ’ve heard about throughout this election , Donald Trump Donald Trump again victimizing women . On the debate stage , Donald Trump came Donald Trump , and it was n’t a fair fight . I consistently ask how you engage in a fact free debate . What do you rate style or substance . I commend Hillary for her ability to Bill Clinton policy Bill Clinton with poise despite the mudslinging . Donald Trump ’s rise Donald Trump national embarrassment . America should be ashamed . Angela Rye is a CNN political commentator , NPR political analyst and CEO of IMPACT Strategies , a political advocacy firm in Washington .   Commentary from Haroon Moghul , In response to a question about the rise of Islamophobia , Donald Trump mentioned attacks in Donald Trump the rise of ISIS . Yet what does this woman at Washington University have to do with that ? Just because she shares the same religion ? Imagine this woman at Washington University in response to a question about    a candidate had pointed out settlement expansion on the West Bank . Because people share a religion , they share moral responsibility ?   Haroon people is a senior fellow and director of development at the Center for Global Policy .   Commentary from Julian Zelizer , During the debates , Trump tends to speak through constant references , often with    sentences . It ’s unclear how many viewers can follow the events and people that he is talking about , or the policy criticism he is pointing to on issues like he . It would seem that this style can undercut some of the potential impact of some of these attacks . Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and a New America fellow . Commentary from Frida Ghitis , Every four years Americans have a chance to hear their leaders debate the great issues facing Americans country . It ’s an important process for the education for the nation , for the forging America the country . That is not New America the country . It ’s another huge loss for the country , this time by Trump , the showman the country successful hijacking of this election season .   Frida Ghitis is a world affairs columnist for The Miami Herald and World Politics Review , and a former CNN producer and correspondent . Commentary from Timothy Stanley , I ’d guess Trump started the debate intending to deflect away from discussion Trump the " locker room " tape      on economics . But when the moderators pushed and Hillary hit him on it , he finally lost his patience and Trump to get personal Trump He called Trump Clinton an abuser of women and threatened Trump put Hillary in jail . That ’s thin skinned . But Hillary ’s also utterly compelling . Trump has dragged Clinton That to his level , which may level out Bill Clinton election and Trump them move on to other issues .   Timothy Stanley is a historian and columnist for Britain ’s Daily Telegraph . Commentary from Lanhee Chen , The interchange on Obamacare was the first real opening for Donald Trump to demonstrate he ’s actually given some thought Trump policy he would Trump if elected president .   All he said Trump that he would replace Obamacare with the interstate Trump and sale of Trump plans and    of funds to states in the Medicaid program . Unfortunately , these two ideas do not come anywhere close to comprising a replacement for the Affordable Care Act . It was an opportunity wasted for Trump . Lanhee J. Chen is a CNN Political Commentator and the David and Diane Steffy Research Fellow at Stanford University ’s Hoover Institution .   Commentary from Julian Zelizer , Trump is starting to become more aggressive after the first few Trump , but not so much on the Clinton sex scandals but on    where he hopes to energize a nervous and shaken Republican base . Clinton succeeded , for the moment , in shifting the conversation Clinton from his Access Hollywood tapes .   Julian Zelizer is a professor Clinton history and public affairs at Julian Zelizer and a New America fellow . Commentary for Julian Zelizer ,    For now , Trump is trying to shift Julian Zelizer to ISIS and other issues rather than engaging in the debate about the tape . The question is how long that he can stick with that strategy as Clinton and the moderators , and Trump the audience , push deeper on this and other related issues . Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and a New America fellow . Commentary from Tim Naftali , We just saw a startling political moment . The candidates did not shake hands . Even during the toughest periods of the Cold War , US and Soviet leaders shook hands . That is how low this election has sunk . Tim Naftali is a CNN presidential historian . He teaches history and public Tim Naftali New York University and was the former Tim Naftali of the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum .   Commentary from Julian Zelizer , The worlds of presidential politics and reality show television seem to have fully merged with this town hall debate . Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and Julian Zelizer America fellow . Commentary from Ruth      Expect fireworks New York University at least from one side . Donald Trump loves a good fight , as the high number of lawsuits in his life attest . Pressuring him to step aside will only make him more pugnacious . Donald Trump all , he won Donald Trump nomination being the sexist and racist Donald Trump he ’s always been . It Donald Trump the GOP that ’s changed , deciding all of Donald Trump sudden he ’s " indefensible . " He ’ll charge hard at Hillary Clinton , who one Donald Trump has prepared for every eventuality Donald Trump She ’ll have to channel the calm she showed in her    Benghazi hearing .   Ruth    is a professor of history She Italian studies She New York University .   Commentary from Frida Ghitis , The stakes could not be higher . It ’s a deadly serious matter . But the sense of anticipation is more reminiscent of The stakes giddy tension in the crowds pouring into the bleachers of a bullfighting ring , wondering how the contenders in the arena go after each other : The crowds expect to see red capes , the adversaries taunting each other , trying to the crowds pouring into the bleachers of a bullfighting ring mortal wound , and , in the end , perhaps a sword , a final estocada , that brings the whole ghastly spectacle     this entire election cycle    to a conclusive end . Frida Ghitis is a world affairs columnist for The Miami Frida Ghitis World Politics Review , and a former The Miami Herald and World Politics Review , In light World Politics Review    stunt , we should worry that the most important questions tonight     who is the most Tim Naftali lead this nation Trump whose programs will respond to the needs the country   Americans     may be lost in a sea of noise about the sexual history of two old men , one who is on the ballot and one who is n’t . I hope that the audience in the Town Hall pulls the narrative back to big national issues and real solutions . Tim Naftali is a CNN presidential historian . He teaches history and public service at New York University and was the former director of the Richard Nixon Tim Naftali and Museum . CNN Commentary from Roxanne Tim Naftali , Back in the 1990s , taxpayers New York University 39 million to fund the former director of the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum impeachment Bill Clinton , the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum the lurid details . In the end , Bill remained in the White House , Hillary went on Bill Clinton political success , serving as a    New York Senator for eight years , Secretary of State and now the first Hillary nominated to run for US President . Someone tell Donald Trump it ’s 2016 , Donald Trump . I get it , you have the right to dislike Hillary and Bill . But you do n’t have the right to distract Bill Clinton with irrelevant issues . Focus on the future . How do you Hillary to move our nation forward ? It ’s certainly not by looking backward .    Roxanne Jones the country it editor of ESPN Magazine and former vice president at ESPN , has worked as a producer and as a reporter at the New York Daily News and The Philadelphia Inquirer . Commentary from Julian Zelizer , A few days ago , the main question about this debate the debate Donald Trump could do better than his first Donald Trump stop the slide in the Donald Trump . Now the question of the debate is the debate save this candidacy and prevent the GOP from facing Donald Trump total electoral meltdown . Julian Zelizer a palpable feeling for many Republicans that tonight ’s debate can have a huge impact , not only on November , but on the    future of their party .    Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and a the GOP fellow .  
 Princeton University Princeton University and a New America fellow New America Julian Zelizer many Republicans 