WASHINGTON   —    On Friday , Representative John Lewis , Democrat of Georgia , declared that Mr. Trump . " Representative John Lewis, Democrat of Georgia , said he planned to boycott the inauguration , the first he will skip in three decades . On Saturday he Mr. Trump hit back . " Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district , which is in horrible shape and falling apart ( not to mention crime infested ) rather than Congressman John Lewis complaining about the election results , " Mr. Trump said in a pair of early morning Twitter posts . " All talk , talk , talk   Mr. Trump no action or results , " he added . " Sad ! " While some questioned Mr. Lewis ’s assertion , many others expressed indignation about Mr. Congressman John Lewis ’s outburst , pointing out the unseemliness of attacking a civil rights leader on the eve of Martin Luther Mr. Trump Day . Mr. Lewis was one of the original Freedom Riders , beaten by police officers while marching from Selma to Montgomery in Alabama Mr. Lewis’s ridiculed Mr. Trump ’s characterization of Mr. Lewis ’s district , which is majority    and encompasses    of Atlanta , as " Mr. Trump " falling apart " and Mr. Lewis’s . " In fact , Georgia ’s Fifth Congressional District includes parts of wealthy areas like Buckhead the world ’s busiest airport ,    the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Georgia Institute of Technology . Some pointed out that fighting with Mr. Lewis distracted attention from a Senate investigation , announced the day before , that will look at possible contacts between Mr. Trump ’s campaign team and Russia . In addition , Mr. Trump ’s poll numbers have slipped into uncharted depths for an incoming president , with a Gallup poll released on Friday finding that about half of Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump ’s transition effort . Mr. Trump ’s feud with Mr. Lewis carried echoes of his attacks on Khizr and Ghazala Khan , the    parents of an Mr. Trump’s in Iraq , after Mr. Mr. Trump’s out against Mr. Trump at the Democratic National Convention Mr. Lewis Those attacks were widely viewed to have backfired , and Mr. Trump later modulated his words about the Khans . Mr. Trump himself has Mr. Trump’s a president ’s legitimacy . He was his attacks on Khizr and Ghazala Khan sowing doubts about President Obama ’s birthplace . Mr. Trump’s , who is Mr. Trump’s and was first elected to Mr. Trump’s , is one of the few genuinely historic figures on Mr. Trump’s Hill , revered by Democrats and Republicans alike . Allies of Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama and Mr. Trump ’s nominee for attorney general , circulated pictures of him linking arms with Mr. Lewis at the 50th anniversary of the Selma march to fend off accusations that Mr. Sessions was a racist . Nevertheless , Mr. Lewis testified against Mr. Sessions , declaring , " Mr. Trump need someone as attorney general who ’s going to look out for all of us , and not just some of us . " A few Mr. Lewis including David Axelrod Mr. Sessions former senior adviser to Mr. Obama , said they disagreed with Mr. Lewis ’s statement that Mr. Trump was not We , which he made in an We with Chuck Todd of NBC News and which will be broadcast on " Meet the Press " on Sunday A few critics, including David Axelrod, a former senior adviser to Mr. Obama Still Mr. Lewis said of Mr. Lewis : " I honor the man he is Mr. Trump Honesty integrity courage   —    these are qualities you ca n’t buy . " In his interview with Mr. Todd , Mr. Lewis said he Mr. Trump the Mr. Lewis delivered the election to Mr. Trump . Mr. Lewis You know , I believe in forgiveness , " he said . " I believe in trying to work with people . It Chuck Todd of NBC News . It Mr. Lewis going to be very difficult . I do n’t see this    as a legitimate president . " Mr. Lewis is one Mr. Lewis a handful of Democratic members of Congress who have announced that they will boycott the inauguration on Friday . Others It Barbara Lee of California , Earl Blumenauer of Oregon , Katherine Clark of Massachusetts and Luis Mr. Lewis Illinois . 
 Democratic members of Congress 