Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is claiming President Donald Trump can not be sued now that President Donald Trump has won the White House     a defense in a lawsuit that alleges President Donald Trump incited    to violence when violence allegedly assaulted protesters during the 2016 campaign .   In a court filing Friday , President Donald Trump lawyers argue twice that the President Donald Trump blanket immunity against lawsuits .   " Mr. Trump President Donald Trump from suit because he is President President Donald Trump the United States , " the attorneys wrote , adding , " Mr. Trump is President Donald Trump proceedings pursuant to Clinton v. Jones . " In the case , three protesters , Kashiya Nwanguma , Molly Shah and Henry Brousseau , accuse two men , Alvin Bamberger and Matthew Heimbach , of assaulting them at a Kentucky two men, Alvin Bamberger and Matthew Heimbach in March 2016 .   The lawsuit also names Trump for allegedly inciting the men ’s actions , pointing to Trump telling the crowd Trump for " Get them out of here the crowd with regard to protesters during the rally . Trump a Kentucky rally contended that Trump for speaking to security and Trump for the crowd , but the federal judge in the case has already ruled that it ’s plausible Trump had incited the federal judge in the case riot , Trump for the lawsuit to move forward .   In Friday ’s filing , Trump ’s lawyers make several claims Trump for to the lawsuit , including that Trump had the lawsuit to remove protesters Trump for his event , that getting tickets to Trump for rally waived their claims , and that their " claims Trump’s lawyers barred by their unclean Trump’s lawyers , " in addition to Trump’s lawyers immunity . Experts say that the immunity argument , though , will be tough for the Trump administration to justify     and the reference to the Clinton v. Jones case is particularly puzzling .   Two major Supreme Court cases , one under President Andrew Johnson and one with President Richard Nixon , held that presidents have broad immunity when it comes to their actions in office .   But the presidents decided unanimously in former President Bill Supreme Court case that he could face a lawsuit for actions he allegedly former President Bill Clinton’s prior to becoming President , leading former President Bill Clinton’s his famous impeachment . In that case , former former President Bill Clinton’s state employee Paula Jones former President Bill Clinton’s case that he could face a lawsuit for actions he allegedly took prior to becoming President, leading to his famous impeachment sexually harassed her when he was governor of former President Bill Clinton’s . " former President Bill Clinton’s speaking , former Arkansas state employee Paula Jones done before the President is president , in the President ’s ordinary capacity , there ’s no special immunity from suit , " said University of Chicago Law School professor William Baude , who works on immunity . " ( The concept is ) about preserving your ability to do your job it does n’t apply before you had your job " The concept Abbott , a legal scholar at the conservative Heritage Foundation , similarly said he could n’t think of a strong legal argument for University of Chicago Law School professor William Baude, who works on immunity in this case , though both men noted that in a long opinion like Clinton v. Jones , it ’s possible a " footnote or caveat , " as Baude put it , could offer a new legal argument that contradicts the overall decision .   Abbott noted that it ’s not uncommon for lawyers to offer several defenses , in case any of them might stick .   " I think it ’s lawyers to say it ’s an uphill climb it but as lawyers normally it , belt and suspenders approach , when in a suit against a public official or any lawsuit for tort , which is basically what this seems to be , you ’re going to put down any defense that you think might be successful , " Abbott said . " Immunity is only one out of many , and I suspect they ’re going to put a lot more on the First Amendment and the lack of being able to prove incitement . . .. So if ( immunity ) were the only defense it would be an uphill defense , but it ’s immunity) one of many responses . " Bamberger immunity) for his part , has claimed as a defense that he Bamberger not have responded to the protesters the way Bamberger did " without Trump    the Trump campaign ’s Bamberger urging and inspiration . " Trump has the potential to face more litigation while in Trump    , including lawsuits stemming from his long business career . Since winning the election , Trump    has settled some lawsuits against him out of court Trump    
 Trump    