  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s campaign raised over $ 45 million in primary money during Hillary Clinton’s campaign first quarter of Hillary Clinton’s campaign 2016 bid , a Hillary Clinton’s official with knowledge of the fundraising operation told CNN on Wednesday . Hillary Clinton’s and Hillary Clinton’s team have focused intently on raising money for the last month ,    America at a frenetic pace . Hillary Clinton’s personally headlined 58 fundraisers in 18 states in the    quarter , a sizable number for a frontrunner . " The numbers are not yet final but Hillary for America has exceeded our expectations and is on track to raise more primary money than any candidate in history during their first quarter in the race , " Hillary Clinton’s said Wednesday . " The previous record of primary money raised in a candidate ’s first quarter was $ 41 . 9 million set by President Obama ’s campaign in 2011 . " RELATED : Macy ’s dumps Donald Trump , Shortly after the number was released , Clinton tweeted an image of a handwritten thank you note to her supporters Clinton " Thank you so much for being part of this campaign President Obama’s campaign ’m grateful for all you ’ve done and excited for what comes next . When the road ahead is tough , you need the best people by your side . That ’s why I ’m thankful for ’m . " a handwritten thank ’s fundraisers Clinton    affairs , of late . She headlined a fundraiser Clinton Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett performed in June and earlier this week attended an event where Jon Bon Jovi was the the entertainment . Clinton ’s 2015 haul Clinton the $ 26 million the former first lady raised raised in the first quarter of her failed 2008 bid . Clinton number was made up of $ 19 . 1 million for the primary , and $ 6 . 9 million for the general election . The aide added that 91 % of Clinton ’s donations were $ Clinton less , but would not disclose the total number of donations or donors . The number could be a sore 91% of Clinton’s donations were $100 or less, but would not disclose the total number of donations or donors Clinton . RELATED : Clinton emails Clinton Obama aides knew Clinton private address , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , Clinton ’s closest 2016 opponent , Clinton on Tuesday that his campaign had received around 200 , Clinton donations , a staggering number and sign of what the Sanders’ campaign is calling their grassroots funded his campaign ’s campaign , by his campaign , Clinton goal of his campaign donations and in emails to supporters on Tuesday     the last day of the fundraising quarter     Clinton said they were 4 , 000 under Clinton goal . A Clinton spokesman later said that the 50 , Clinton they number they repeatedly quoted in fundraising pitches for the last few days was their they from last Friday to the close of the quarter , not they three month goal . Clinton ’s campaign plans to release their full they in the coming weeks . The deadline is July 15 they Clinton ’s top aides have long said they hope Clinton raise $ 100 million by the end of the year . top aides this pace , the campaign will likely easily surpass that goal . Fundraising totals are both practically and symbolically important . Money is the lifeblood of any presidential campaign , but campaigns quarterly fundraising hauls are regularly used to show signs of strength and weakness . 
 