WASHINGTON   —    Stephen K. Bannon has great admiration for a provocative but disputed theory of history that argues that the United States is nearing a crisis that could be just as disruptive and catastrophic as the most seminal global turning points of the last 250 years . This prophecy , which is laid out in a 1997 book , " The Fourth Turning , " by two amateur historians , makes the case that world events unfold in predictable cycles of roughly 80 years each that can be divided into four chapters , or turnings : growth , maturation , entropy and destruction . Western societies have experienced the same patterns for centuries , the book argues , and Western societies are as natural and necessary as spring , summer , fall and winter . Few books have been as central to the worldview of Mr. Bannon , a voracious reader who tends to see politics and policy in terms of Few books place in the broader arc of history . But what does the book tell us about how Mr. Bannon is approaching his Mr. Bannon as President Trump ’s chief strategist and what he Mr. Bannon in the country ’s future ? Here are some excerpts from the the book with explanations from The New York Times . The " Fourth Turning " authors , William Strauss and Neil Howe , started using that phrase before it became The " pop culture buzzword courtesy of HBO ’s " Game of Thrones . " But , as the authors point out , some winters are mild . And sometimes they arrive late . The best thing to do , they say they is to prepare for what they wrote they be " America ’s next rendezvous with destiny . " In an interview with The Times , Mr. Bannon said , " Everything President Trump is doing   —    all of it   —    is to get ahead of or stop any potential crisis . " But the magnitude of this crisis   —    and who is ultimately responsible for it   this crisis      is an unknown that Mr. Trump Everything President Trump to his political advantage Everything President Trump This helps explain Mr. Trump ’s Everything President Trump crime rates , terrorist attacks and weak border control . The rhythmic , seasonal nature of history that the authors identify foresees an inevitable period of decay and destruction that will tear down existing social and political institutions . Mr. Bannon has famously argued that the overreaching and ineffective federal government   —    " the administrative state , " as he calls it   — Mr. Bannon needs the overreaching and ineffective federal government  —   "the administrative state be dismantled . And Mr. Trump , he said , has just Mr. Bannon the process . As Mr. Howe said in an interview with The Times : " There has to be a period in which we tear down everything that is no longer functional . And if we do n’t do that we it ’s hard to ever renew anything . Forests need fires , and rivers need floods . These happen for a reason . " One of the authors’ major arguments is that Western society   —    particularly American culture   —    has denied the significance of cyclical patterns in history in favor of the more palatable and    belief that humans are on an inexorable march toward improvement . They say this allows us humans gloss over the flaws in human nature that allow for bad judgment   —    and bad leaders that drive societies into decline . Though he probably did not intentionally invoke Mr. Strauss and Mr. Howe , Mr. Trump was channeling their thesis when he often he probably did not intentionally invoke Mr. Strauss and Mr. Howe during his he , " The he dream is dead . " One of the scenarios the book puts forward is one in which leaders who emerge during a crisis can revive and rebuild dead institutions . Mr. Trump clearly saw himself Mr. Trump of these when Mr. Trump said his goal would be Mr. Trump bring Mr. Trump the American dream . The authors The American dream to a more traditional , conservative social order as one outcome of a crisis . They also see the possibility of retribution and The authors for those who resist or refuse to comply with the new expectations for conformity . Mr. Trump ’s " with us or against us " attitude raises questions about what kind of leader he would be in such a crisis   —    and what kind of loyalty his administration might demand . 
 Mr. Trump 