Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani , while campaigning in Iowa with GOP Sen. Charles Grassley and Gov. Terry Branstad , told Breitbart News the momentum is with Donald J. Trump in Iowa . [ Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani said Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani loved traveling with Donald J. Trump in Iowa and spent 110 days with the GOP nominee for president , opening up Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani rallies , but now his rallies split up to cover more ground in the last two weeks of the election .   This is the former mayor ’s fifth presidential campaign as a leading surrogate and Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani thinks the crowds and the enthusiasm are greater than anything Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani has seen in Iowa or any of Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani other stops . " The enthusiasm level is     above what The enthusiasm level was in 2012 or 2008 , or even in 2004 , when President George Bush won . " The New Yorker said while the mood on the former mayor’s fifth presidential campaign as a leading surrogate is positive , he The New Yorker deeply disturbed by the uptick in violence against law enforcement , especially after finding out Wednesday morning that two Des Moines police officers were shot dead two miles from his The New Yorker . " I want to send my condolences and sympathies to the police officers and their my condolences and sympathies . " The mayor said his The mayor was sleeping during the 1 a. m. ambush , so no one heard the sirens or commotion . Still , for a man who attended so many funerals of police officers and firefighters , it always hits him The mayor he The mayor an officer has fallen , he The mayor . " I feel a special connection to them , " he The mayor . Police officers also feel a connection to Giuliani and many times , while traveling , officers pull him The mayor to share their officers about the hostility towards them officers the media and from politicians , he The mayor . " There is n’t a place I go where a police officer does not come up to me The mayor say they feel like there is a target on their they , " he The mayor . " They they me for supporting Donald Trump , " he The mayor . " One group told me they they that 95 percent of the police officers in America are going to vote for him The mayor " Giuliani The mayor he The mayor not want to comment on the situation in Des Moines , which is still under investigation , but he The mayor want to say that Trump ’s Democratic rival Hillary R. Clinton and President Barack Obama have been irresponsible in their Trump’s Democratic rival Hillary R. Clinton and President Barack Obama of the hostility towards law enforcement . " This year —   before this shooting —   police shooting deaths by criminals were up 45 percent —   45 percent ? That ’s an astounding increase in the number of police officers shot and killed in one year , " he said . " That 45 percent increase is no doubt in my mind generated by the    hatred that is promulgated by these racial arsonist groups —   and not sufficiently disciplined by people like Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton , and the people who jump on top of these situations before the facts are in and say : ‘ The police are wrong . The The police racist . ’ " The former federal prosecutor said Clinton Hillary Clinton been particularly irresponsible in her Hillary Clinton about law enforcement . " Hillary Hillary Clinton the police as The police prejudiced , " he said Hillary Clinton " Then , she went Hillary Clinton to say that we are all implicitly prejudiced —   well , you know ? I ’m not . I do n’t know about her . Hillary Clinton she should Hillary Clinton in the mirror and figure out she is Hillary Clinton things like that . " Four of Giuliani ’s uncles were police officers and he said he was Giuliani to Giuliani a special respect for law enforcement . " I was brought up that the police because they were doing something the police . They were putting their the police at risk the police protect us . I think   that ’s the message we should be teaching us young people . us 
 