Washington ( CNN ) Two top Republicans working with    Donald Trump ’s transition team told reporters in a phone call Wednesday evening that transition team ’re taking steps toward one of   Donald Trump campaign promises     to " drain the swamp " in Washington . Trump communications director Jason Miller and Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer announced anyone being vetted for a high post in the administration must provide a termination of lobbying form if they Trump communications director Jason Miller and Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer a registered lobbyist . In addition , when officials leave the government , they officials be banned from being a lobbyist for five years as part of the agreement to serve in Trump ’s administration . The ban will apply lifetime to representing foreign governments , he added Thursday . " Not only will people not be able to ( be ) registered state or federal lobbyists , but when they people government the government they people be banned from being a registered lobbyist for five years , " Spicer said Wednesday . " Why that is crucial is that it goes back to Mr. Trump ’s goal of making sure that people are n’t using the government to enrich themselves people using their people in government to do that , " he Mr. Trump . President Barack Obama imposed a    lobbying ban for officials who left his President Barack Obama , a policy instituted by executive order on his President Barack Obama day in office .   Why has n’t Trump ’s transition team called the Pentagon ? Any ban on lobbying , however , depends on how it is written and enforced . A common practice in Washington is for key power players not to register as a lobbyist , but instead work as a consultant or adviser     allowing them key power players take their key power players and contacts to make hundreds of thousands of dollars on K Street . The announcement comes as Trump ’s transition team works to remove lobbyists from its Trump’s transition team after Vice    Mike Pence took over the efforts from New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie .   The transition operation working before Election Day was staffed with    Washington experts and lobbyists from K Street , think tanks and political offices , drawing questions about Trump ’s commitment to reforms . On " 60 Minutes " Sunday , Trump Trump the transition team was stacked with DC insiders .   " Everybody ’s a lobbyist down there , " he Trump . " That ’s the problem with the system     the system , " Trump Trump . " We ’re doing a lot of things to clean up the the system    the system But everybody that works for government , they then everybody that works for government government and they become everybody that works for government lobbyist , essentially . I mean , the whole place is one big lobbyist . " Trump Trump relying on lobbyists now while planning to eliminate them later lobbyists no contradiction . " I ’m saying that they know lobbyists system the system    the system , but we ’re going lobbyists phase that out . You have to phase it out , the system    the system Trump Trump . 
 