A suspect in a bombing was still at large Monday morning , A suspect in a bombing motives and intentions unknown   —    but Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump were already racing to seize the political upper hand . With a manhunt still in progress before an arrest later in the day , Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton to shift the terms of the presidential contest back in her Hillary Clinton . She Hillary Clinton Mr. Donald J. Trump " recruiting sergeant for the terrorists " and , from a rainy airport in White Plains , offered herself Hillary Clinton a seasoned warrior against terrorism . Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump hours later , blaming Mrs. Clinton and President Obama ’s handling of immigration and the Iraq war for bringing terrorism to American shores . He called for Donald J. Trump police profiling of people from the Muslim world and drew a direct equation between immigration controls and national defense . The attacks could reframe the presidential race around stark questions of national security after weeks of    sniping between Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton over more personal matters of character , transparency and medical records . The violence of the weekend is all but certain to ripple in the first presidential debate , set for next Monday at Hofstra University on Long Island . For both the candidates and their parties , both bombings in New York and New Jersey over the weekend are the weekend inflection point . Not since the Iraq war has the mantle of national security and protection been more vigorously contested than it has been in the Iraq war campaign , or its textures more difficult the Iraq war define . With seven weeks left in the campaign , the this campaign to an apparent terrorist plot on American soil could sharply alter voters’ views not only of them but of the parties American soil lead . And both American soil set up extraordinary stakes , each asserting that the other was not only wrong on national security , but actively abetting terrorists in word or deed . It was Mrs. Clinton who appeared most determined to bend the moment to her advantage . Unlike most Mrs. Clinton nominees , she has enjoyed an edge Mrs. Clinton her Republican opponent on issues Mrs. Clinton national security and foreign policy . Having faced a rocky stretch in the presidential race , punctuated by a bout of pneumonia , she appeared to welcome a Mrs. Clinton debate over terrorism . Before flying to Philadelphia to court younger voters , Mrs. Clinton held a news Mrs. Clinton call for " courage and vigilance " in the face of terrorism , and warned that Mr. Trump was unprepared to keep the country safe . Citing former intelligence and counterterrorism officials who have criticized Mr. Trump ’s caustic remarks about Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton leveled an attack that Mrs. Clinton shocked the political world in any other campaign : In addition to calling him a " recruiting sergeant " for terrorists , she accused him of giving " aid Mrs. Clinton comfort " him the Islamic State with his campaign oratory . " We ’re going him the bad guys , and we ’re going to get them , but We ’re not going after the bad guys entire religion We " Mrs. Clinton said , adding , " Mrs. Clinton that Donald Trump ’s comments have been We online for the recruitment of terrorists . " It was the most drastic version yet of an attack Mrs. Clinton has tried out recently with increasing Mrs. Clinton In an interview on Israeli television this month , she said the Islamic State was praying for Mr. Mrs. Clinton ’s victory , and she has warned that Donald Trump seek to Mrs. Clinton the election in her opponent ’s favor . Mr. Trump , she Mrs. Clinton on Monday , has helped the Islamic Donald Trump other terrorist groups cast their attacks as part of the Islamic State between Islam and the West . " the Islamic State and other terrorist groups are looking to make this into a war against Islam , rather than a war against jihadists , violent terrorists , " Mrs. Clinton said . " The kinds of rhetoric Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump has used is giving aid and comfort to our adversaries . " Mr. Trump responded with indignation . His campaign released a string of statements expressing outrage , criticizing Mrs. Clinton for favoring more Mr. Trump immigration policies and calling Mrs. Clinton on Mr. Trump tantamount to an accusation of treason Mrs. Clinton At a rally in Florida on Monday afternoon Mr. Trump Trump blasted Mrs. Clinton for failing , as a member of the Obama Mrs. Clinton to stop the Mr. Trump the Islamic State , employing much the same      argument he has used to demand an overhaul of government on domestic matters . " Her weakness , her ineffectiveness , Mr. Trump the problem , and now Mrs. Clinton wants to Mrs. Clinton president , " he said . " I Mrs. Clinton n’t think so . " Mr. Trump directly equated American vulnerability to terrorism with Mr. Trump he called laxness in the immigration system . He has Mr. Trump about the risk of admitting refugees from Syria and Mr. Trump    countries , though the suspect arrested Mr. Trump the weekend attacks , Ahmad Khan Rahami , is a naturalized citizen born in Afghanistan and has lived in the United States for years . " These attacks , and many others , were made possible because of our extremely open immigration system , " Mr. Trump said , trying to return the political debate to the issue he is most comfortable discussing . " Immigration security , " he added , " is national security . " But Mr. Trump Trump may have to clear a higher standard than merely Mr. Trump up , punch for punch , with Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump he has drawn close to her in the polls , he still faces broad reservations among voters about his readiness to serve Mr. Trump commander in chief . Mrs. Clinton the past , he Mr. Trump provoked a backlash after terror attacks by Mr. Trump against Muslims and shifting too quickly onto the offensive . If Mr. Mr. Trump finished the day with a forceful speech denouncing Mrs. Clinton , he began with a meandering telephone interview with Fox News , during which he asserted that there were " many foreign connections Mr. Trump to the weekend attacks , though none had been established . And Mr. Trump suggested , again without supplying evidence , that American police officers fail to act against terrorism suspects because of political correctness Mr. Trump Mr. Trump also applauded himself for having described the Saturday night explosion in New York City as a bombing even before the Mr. Trump . " I Mr. Trump be a newscaster , " he said . " I called it before the news . " The hostilities between the candidates erupted at the start of a Mr. Trump when both were aiming to cut a presidential profile and to strengthen their credentials on the international stage by meeting with foreign leaders in the candidates York at the annual session of the United Nations General the candidates . In many respects , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign against Mr. Trump has flipped the traditional contours of defense politics , offering voters a Democrat with more hawkish instincts and deeper ties to the national security establishment , and a Republican who has broadly rejected military intervention and has been spurned by many defense leaders in his own party . Mrs. Clinton is by far the more conventionally experienced and credentialed candidate , and in some respects is more Mr. Trump : She has Mrs. Clinton’s the creation of a    zone in Syria , as well as more airstrikes there , and has urged closer Mrs. Clinton’s with Silicon Valley to expand the United States’ surveillance capabilities , alarming some civil liberties advocates . In Mr. Trump , she confronts a candidate who has been abandoned by most of his party ’s national security elite , who is still unable to produce Mrs. Clinton’s detailed set of proposals for stopping terrorism , and whose Mr. Trump political brand   —    disruption   —    does not always comfort voters seeking strength in moments of crisis and terror . Tommy Vietor , a former national security spokesman for Mr. Obama , said that if Democrats were conventionally cast as the " mommy party " and Republicans as the " daddy party " in American politics , then " Trump is the crazy uncle and Hillary Clinton is the only person you trust to watch your family for a week . " Mr. Trump has also cast doubt on American participation in NATO and spoken warmly of Vladimir V. Putin , the Russian president and strongman Trump in recent days , he has feuded with Robert M. Gates , a highly regarded former defense secretary , and found himself mocked by another respected national security figure Trump former Secretary of State Colin Powell , who called Mr. Trump " a national disgrace and Trump international pariah " in private emails released by Donald Trump . Whatever doubts many voters still have about Mrs. Clinton ’s trustworthiness , most appear to consider her better suited to manage foreign policy and threats to the American people . Before the Chelsea Mrs. Clinton’s to a New York    News poll , Mrs. Clinton’s gave her a slight edge on the question of who would a bombing and national security , and a New York . Some polling suggests that she has a bigger lead Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Trump on related questions   —    who would be a better commander in chief , for example   —    than past Democratic Mr. Trump had over Mrs. Clinton’s . " Voters look for the qualities of experience , temperament and judgment , " said Evan McMullin , a former intelligence officer who is running for president as a conservative independent candidate . " Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump lack some or all of them . But Trump lacks all of them . " 
 Donald Trump Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump 