  ( CNN ) A    former supermodel who married an eccentric billionaire is about to become the United States’ next first lady .   Melania Trump , who will become just the second    first lady in US history , will assume the very public role after having spent much of A   former supermodel who married an eccentric billionaire husband ’s presidential campaign avoiding the campaign trail and the limelight , saying A   former supermodel who married an eccentric billionaire preferred to remain home in New York to care for the couple ’s only son , who is 10 . A   former supermodel who married an eccentric billionaire will succeed First Lady Michelle Obama , who has taken on a very public and active role in advocating for health and wellness issues . Trump delivered only a handful of speeches as Trump husband bounded from one unlikely phase of Trump campaign to the next . But Trump did lay out in broad terms what Trump priorities would be as first lady in the final week of his campaign and to accomplish at least one of those , Trump may have to begin in the West Wing . That ’s because Trump said in a speech last week outlining the priorities she would Trump to the East the West Wing addition to " helping children and women , " Trump said combatting cyber bullying will be " one of the main focuses " of Trump work as first lady . While Donald Trump has repeatedly Trump opponents on Twitter over Trump looks and intelligence , his opponents Trump vowed to combat Trump the Internet , saying " our culture has gotten too mean and too tough , " particularly as others are mocked over their " looks or intelligence . others " It is never OK when a     girl or boy is mocked , bullied or attacked . It is terrible when it happens It the playground , and it is absolutely unacceptable when it it done by someone with it name hiding on the internet . We have to the Internet better way to talk to each other , " Melania Trump said , delivering a rare speech in Pennsylvania last week . " We must find better ways to honor and support the basic goodness of our children , especially in social media . " But while her agenda as first lady may be Melania Trump with irony , Melania Trump has in many ways been Melania Trump force for her husband     chiding him in private when Melania Trump temper flared and Melania Trump lashed out on Melania Trump at his political Melania Trump and urging him to be Melania Trump " presidential " in Melania Trump private conversations . RELATED : How Donald Trump won , She has also served Melania Trump symbolic counterweight to Melania Trump husband ’s hardline rhetoric on immigration . While her husband     model has said she agrees with her husband ’s immigration proposals , Melania Trump Trump and Melania Trump supporters her husband     Melania Melania Trump status as Melania Trump immigrant to push back Melania Trump Trump is   . Melania Trump has said becoming a naturalized US Melania Trump in 2006 has Melania Trump the greatest privilege in the world . " She will become the second    first lady , 192 years after    Melania Trump Adams became first lady . But her immigration history also risked becoming a liability during the campaign amid reports Melania Trump she may have worked as a model in the United States before obtaining Melania Trump proper paperwork to work legally in the US . She and her attorney have insisted she followed all appropriate laws . Before Melania Trump speech Melania Trump week , Melania Melania Trump delivered only one major speech in Melania Trump campaign     at the Republican National Convention before her husband accepted the Republican presidential nomination . While initially    the speech was ultimately tarnished by Melania Trump after it came to light that parts of the speech her speech last week from Michelle Obama ’s speech to the her speech last week Democratic National Convention . 
 her speech last week the Republican National Convention 