Las Vegas ( CNN ) The Black Eyed Peas’ " I Got ta Feeling " began to play     Bill Clinton ’s cue to get off the stage .   But the former president , addressing a gathering of the Asian American Journalists Association here at the Caesar ’s Palace hotel , would n’t budge , insisting over the music that Caesar’s wanted to take one more question .   " Let me answer it real quick and I ’ll go , " Bill Clinton’s said . " They want me to go , I would stay . " The questioner identified himself as a Democrat who loved Bill Clinton’s as president and is supporting himself wife , Bill Clinton’s , in the 2016 election . But , he himself to know : Why should Americans trust the Democratic nominee when she Bill Clinton’s about her Bill Clinton’s ? " Wait a minute , " Bill Bill Clinton’s . " It ’s not true . " And so began the   ’s unexpected fiery defense of one of the biggest controversies dogging Hillary Clinton ’s White House bid .   " First of all , the FBI director said when he testified the FBI director Congress , he had the FBI director amend his previous the FBI director ’s statement that she had the FBI director received any emails that are classified . They saw she had never received any emails that are classified little notes with a ’C’ on it , " Clinton said Hillary Clinton’s " This is the biggest load of bull I ’ve ever heard . " Clinton went Hillary Clinton’s to say that while the classification system of sensitive emails was " too complicated to explain to people , " what is clear is that Clinton and Hillary Clinton’s colleagues Hillary Clinton’s never being careless with national security .    " Do you really believe there are 300 career diplomats because that ’s how many people were on these emails , all of whom were careless with national security ? Do you believe that ? " he said . " Forget about Hillary , Hillary Clinton’s about her . Hillary Clinton’s that conceivable ? " On Martha ’s Vineyard , hope for another Clinton era , Clinton pointed Clinton the number of prominent Republican leaders     particularly those in the national security arena     who have endorsed Clinton in Clinton weeks , as a sign that she is Clinton only person fit to run the country .   " There are people who spent their lifetimes people who spent their lifetimes advancing national security who believe she’s the only person that you can trust national security who believe she ’s Clinton only person that you can trust , " Clinton said Clinton   The former secretary of state ’s use of a private email server at the State Department has complicated her campaign The former secretary of state particularly as she continues The former secretary of state battle questions from voters about her trustworthiness The former secretary of state honesty .   The FBI concluded this summer that it would The FBI recommend charges against Clinton over the emails . But the agency ’s director , James Comey , said while he had the agency’s director, James Comey basis to believe Hillary Clinton Clinton to the agency , the agency’s been Clinton extremely careless " in her use of Clinton private email server .   Clinton set off Clinton political firestorm recently when she insisted that Clinton had said her answers to Clinton American public regarding the emails were truthful .   She sought to Clinton those remarks at a gathering of Hispanic and    journalists in Washington , D. C. last week , saying she may have Clinton " her answers . Clinton acknowledgment set off Republicans and critics , including her GOP opponent Clinton Donald Trump .   " Director Comey had said that my answers in my FBI interview were truthful . That really is the bottom line here , " she said last Clinton . " And I have said during the interview and in my FBI interview occasions over the past months that what I told the FBI , which he said was truthful Director Comey is consistent with what I have said publicly . I may have    and for what I will try to clarify . " 
 