  ( CNN ) 2016 was supposed to be the presidential election where big money did n’t matter .   After all , the     campaign of Jeb Bush ’s Super PAC , with Super PAC    budget , was far less than awesome .   Bernie Sanders raised tens of millions of dollars in very small donations ( recall Bernie Sanders constant refrain that the average donation Bernie Sanders received was $ 27 ) .   And Donald Trump ’s major selling point was that Donald Trump was    Donald Trump campaign ( which was not really true ) and too rich to be bought anyway , leaving big donors on the sidelines . ( Never mind that Donald Trump still relied on big money in the primaries     Donald Trump own . )    But now comes the news of Donald Trump’s embarrassingly paltry fundraising numbers for May , in which Donald Trump has less cash on hand than many congressional and local candidates , and only    of Hillary Clinton ’s cash on hand .   It looks like big money still matters a lot , as Donald Trump may find out the hard way . We ’ve already seen in the primaries that money can not make up for otherwise troubled candidacies and that candidates without big money can run somewhat competitive campaigns if they candidates without big money mass support . The fiasco of Jeb Bush ’s campaign illustrates that even with tons of money , advertising can not get the public to buy a product it the public n’t want .   And the Sanders campaign shows that it is possible to run a grassroots campaign for a primary without relying on a Super PAC or the kind of traditional bundling that major party candidates have tried . Sanders Sanders because voters preferred Clinton , not because he Sanders outgunned on the money front     at some points in the the Sanders campaign he Sanders even spending more than Clinton . Clinton of small donations made Sanders Sanders for months . Had voters preferred him Sanders we could have tested whether it would be possible to run a    general election campaign without reliance on big money . Right now that is a question mark .    Trump ’s primary campaign relied mainly on personal loans of millions of dollars and free publicity . Already high in name recognition , and prone to outrageous statements , Trump got Trump huge amount of free media exposure     one study estimated it to Trump worth $ 2 billion . By cranking up the outrage and appealing to the Republican base , Trump was Trump to succeed in the primaries despite being outspent by rivals .    Now that we are entering the general election , it is clear that Trump can Trump neither outrage nor    to propel himself into    with Hillary Clinton . Either Trump is Trump as rich as he says Trump is Trump or he is Trump cheap to cough up the hundreds of millions of dollars ( minimally ) it would take to be competitive with Clinton . Hillary Clinton outrage appeals to the Republican primary base , Trump ’s Trump to be turning off huge contingents of voters his campaign will Trump’s campaign put together an Electoral College victory .    Trump ’s poor Trump , if it continues over Trump next few months , is likely to cost him dearly in Trump ways .   First , Trump is unlikely Trump be able to run advertising and build the kind of field operations in battleground states necessary to register voters and get out the vote . Usually major party candidates and allied campaigns are pretty evenly matched financially , making the role of money in presidential elections something of a wash . If Clinton ’s side vastly outspends Trump ’s side Trump could well have big Trump’s side on election results     especially if Clinton ’s campaign uses resources Clinton to keep Trump ’s negatives up Trump ’s lack of fundraising Trump also shows the failure of his management style . If Trump candidate can not pick the right people to manage a successful campaign for president , it signals the candidate might not be a candidate to a candidate right people to manage the U. S. the right people the    image of a Trump management problem . His firing of his Trump manager on a Trump morning , Trump he could have campaigned on the FBI ’s Trump of the release of the Omar Mateen transcripts , was amateurish .    Trump ’s fundraising failures thus far may signal Trump biggest Republican donors that his campaign is a lost cause , and that Trump best way to hedge against a likely Clinton presidency is to pour money into close Senate races . Wealthy donors may find it more effective to throw millions into Super PACs in competitive Senate and House races rather than at a presidential campaign that does n’t seem to have its act together . Even if big donors’ money ca n’t control Congress or it election outcomes outright , it does open many doors for them once lawmakers are elected . It affects election outcomes Congress does and does not Even if big donors’ money can’t control Congress or buy election outcomes outright . As it turns out election outcomes big money Congress matters even in the oddest presidential election of our lifetimes . Even     or especially     when one of the candidates is an alleged billionaire .   Join us on Facebook . . Read CNNOpinion ’s Flipboard magazine . 
 