In McConnell home state of Kentucky , Senate Majority Leader is rallying fellow Republicans for Senate Majority Leader party ’s presidential nominee Donald Trump . [ " We need a new president , Donald Trump , " McConnell said , according to Associated Press . Senate Majority Leader has neither cheered nor jeered the New York City developer in recent months .   " If America votes like Kentucky , we ’ll be fine , " he Senate Majority Leader . McConnell ’s shyness about Trump was widely seen on Capitol Hill as an acknowledgement of splits inside McConnell party ’s caucus . McConnell endorsement of Trump comes Trump day after he McConnell trolled by USA Today . In an editorial : " McConnell McConnell majority leader of the silence of the GOP , " the paper listed other Republicans who have backed away from Trump . Trump it saved its taunting it the Kentucky senator :   Then there ’s the technique perfected by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , Kentucky of the nation ’s two most powerful Republicans . It ’s best described as hiding under the bed . " If you ’re interested in the presidential election , you might as well get up and leave , " McConnell told a    Chamber of Commerce audience last month , " because I do n’t have any observations to make on that . " On two other stops in Kentucky , Kentucky , who is fighting to hold onto the slender GOP Senate majority and his own GOP Senate position , simply ducked reporters’ questions about Trump . After tepidly endorsing Trump in Trump and popping up occasionally since then to criticize some of Trump ’s Trump , the cynical majority leader has all but disappeared from the presidential debate in recent weeks and gotten away with it . McConnell ’s McConnell play was in stark contrast with his opposite McConnell , the leader of Congress’ lower chamber Speaker Paul Ryan . In the time between Ryan ’s endorsement Congress’ lower chamber Speaker Paul Ryan Day , the speaker McConnell to lend credibility and cover to Democratic attacks on Trump , such as his call for McConnell temporary ban on Muslim immigration , Russian tampering in the presidential election , claims that the Trump campaign was using    Trump and that Trump called for gun owners Trump assassinate his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton Trump Then , after the lewd 2005 tape of Trump using foul language to Trump women was released Oct. 7 , Ryan canceled his Oct. 8 invitation for Ryan to campaign with him Trump the first time Ryan the campaign . Ryan later Trump to campaign conference Ryan with Republican congressmen telling them he would not defend nor Ryan for his party ’s nominee . Ryan 