  ( CNN ) The Secret Service acknowledged Friday afternoon that the man who breached White House security last week was on the grounds for more than 15 minutes . The statement from The Secret Service came after a source told CNN earlier Friday about the length of the incident and the agency The Secret Service investigation . In its statement Friday The Secret Service , the Secret Service The Secret Service about the incident and said the the incident is ongoing , resulting investigation including more than 50 interviews and a review of radio transmissions and video footage . The review found that the intruder climbed a    fence and an    gate and then hopped a      foot fence while Secret Service members struggled to The Secret Service . House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on Friday that the intruder even managed to rattle a door handle the intruder South Portico entrance to the White House , although he did not make it inside . " That ’s House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz we spend billions of dollars on personnel and dogs and technologies and fences and undercover people and video surveillance , " the Utah Republican said . " And yet the person is able to get up close to the White House and spend 17 minutes before he ’s the White House ’s unbelievable . " The Secret Service the person added that " immediate steps " had been taken , including " additional posts , technology enhancements , and response protocols . " " The men and women of the Secret Service are extremely disappointed and angry in how the events The Secret Service transpired , " the statement said . The source explained to CNN earlier Friday that the intruder The Secret Service statement Tran , set off several alarms , but was able to avoid other sensors . The source said " the response to the alarm was lacking , and found ( The source ) vulnerabilities in the system . " They say the     California man carrying a backpack jumped multiple fences at the White House complex and set off multiple alarm sensors before he was discovered just steps from a main door to the mansion . Rep. Jason Chaffetz the    California man carrying a backpack chairman of the House Oversight Committee , sent a letter Friday to the acting director of the Secret Service , saying his committee is now investigating the incident . He said his committee has learned of these the acting director of the Secret Service that were n’t in the original affidavit the acting director of the Secret Service including the acting director of the Secret Service that were ignored and that the suspect " may have moved around on the White House grounds undetected for a considerable amount of time . " Chaffetz wrote that the suspect also " may have attempted entry into the building . " " If true , these the suspect questions about whether the agency ’s security protocols are adequate , " he wrote . these additional allegations that weren’t in the original affidavit, including triggered alarms that were ignored and that the suspect "may have moved around on the White House grounds undetected for a considerable amount of time William Callahan , the acting director , to provide documents and video related to the Chaffetz and to Chaffetz the committee on Monday at 5 p. m. ET . A Secret Service source tells CNN that Tran was observed looming around Pennsylvania Avenue as early as 6 p. m. almost six hours before he was arrested on the White House grounds . Video surveillance footage shows Tran , the accused jumper , first Tran a fence in the Northwest corner of the Treasury Building , immediately Tran to the White House . Tran activated a sensor alarm in the Treasury Moat , the source said .   Secret Service officers responded to Tran alarm , but Tran had already snuck beyond one Secret Service post and moved closer to the White House a sensor alarm in the Treasury Moat officer came Tran investigate . The source believes Tran Secret Service over the East Executive the White House the White House gate near an East Wing guard post the source not routinely staffed .   The source said Tran activated an alarm sensor , but was hiding behind a pillar of the East Wing entrance . The source Tran the source jumped a low wall before traversing along East Wing . Several sensors went off , but it is Tran if the source properly investigated . A variety of detection systems ring the White House East Wing overlapping zones . The systems primarily rely on infrared and microwave technology Several sensors but can be subject to malfunction or false activation . The incident happened just before midnight on the A variety of detection systems March 10 while President Donald Trump was at the White House .   RELATED : Intruder breaches White House grounds , arrested near residence entrance , The President was alerted about the intrusion late Friday night , an administration official said . Trump said last Saturday the White House suspect was disturbed , calling the situation President Donald Trump " and saying he appreciates the work of the Secret Service . " The service President Donald Trump a fantastic job , " an administration official said to reporters during a lunch meeting with Cabinet officials President Donald Trump the Trump National Golf Club in Potomac Falls , Virginia . the Secret Service was a troubled person President Donald Trump was very sad . " 
 It 