WASHINGTON   —    House Democrats on Wednesday rejected appeals that House Democrats on Wednesday need new leaders to win back disaffected voters ,    Representative Nancy Pelosi of California to an eighth term as House leader over a Rust Belt congressman who said the party had lost the party connection to the American working class . Representative Nancy Pelosi of California ’s victory over Representative Tim Ryan , a     congressman from a    district anchored in Youngstown , Ohio , ensures that the the party be led in the next Congress by the established " coastal " Democrats who have increasingly defined it   the party    Ms. Pelosi , 76 , who represents San Francisco , and Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , 66 , who has held various leadership posts since 2005 . The leadership elections , conducted by secret ballot behind closed doors , stamped out calls for new leaders . But while Ms. Pelosi won , 134 to 63 , Mr. Ryan ’s significant share of the total served as a measure of internal discontent and in some ways a repudiation of Ms. Pelosi ’s leadership . " I think there ’s a lot of " said Representative Carolyn B. Maloney of New York . " And a lot of really wanting to have a plan . " For years , support for Ms. Pelosi Ms. Pelosi’s so deep that few would even consider challenging her . In Ms. Pelosi’s , after a wave of Tea Party Republicans swept Democrats out of power , she lost just Ms. Pelosi’s votes . Ms. Pelosi , whose victory was mockingly cheered by Republicans as good news for them , dismissed Republicans idea that House Democrats could no longer win with her at the Ms. Pelosi’s . And she vowed that Ms. Pelosi’s would continue to stand as a foil to    Donald J. Trump ’s administration . " We know how ’s administration win elections , " Ms. Pelosi said . " We ’ve done ’s administration in the past . We will do ’s administration again by it that differentiation . " Representative Kurt Schrader Mr. Schrader the vote that unless Democrats changed course and adopted " a working man and woman ’s agenda , " they should expect defeat . " I ’m very worried we just Democrats changed course and adopted "a working man and woman ’s administration Democratic Party ’s death certificate for the next decade and a half , " Mr. Schrader said . Democrats also    Representative Steny H. Hoyer , 77 , of Maryland as whip , the No . 2 position , as well as Representative James E. Clyburn , 76 , of South Carolina in the No . 3 spot as the assistant Democratic leader . Mr. Hoyer and Mr. Clyburn have been part of the Democratic leadership Democrats also   Representative Steny H. Hoyer, 77, of Maryland as whip, the No. 2 position, as well as Representative James E. Clyburn, 76, of South Carolina in the No. 3 spot as the assistant Democratic leader . Both ran unopposed . Representative Joseph Crowley of New York was also elected chairman of the Democrats also   Representative Steny H. Hoyer, 77, of Maryland as whip, the No. 2 position, as well as Representative James E. Clyburn, 76, of South Carolina in the No. 3 spot as the assistant Democratic leader Democratic Caucus , and in a narrow victory , 98 to 96 , Representative Linda T. Sánchez of California defeated another California Democrat , Representative Barbara Lee , to become vice chairwoman . After a dismal Election California for Democrats , the fight for Ms. Pelosi ’s post had become a proxy battle for the future of the party , with House Democrats agonizing over how to reconnect with the    voters who abandoned them . " We got wiped out in the Midwest , and we ’re toxic in rural America , them aides said Mr. Ryan told his colleagues behind them doors before the vote . " Ultimately , we ’re responsible . Mr. Ryan But in an interview Tuesday , Mr. Ryan suggested few ideas for how to appeal to voters beyond essentially crowdsourcing the task Mr. Ryan House Democrats , and he offered no indication that working with the Republican majority on any particular policy compromises would be Mr. Ryan priority . The Democratic leaders seemed short on concrete strategies , too , committing generally to refocus their message on economic issues . Many also vowed to stand in opposition to the Trump administration The Democratic leaders gambling that Mr. Trump and congressional Republicans would disappoint voters and prompt a return to the Democratic Party they rejected . Some of the more specific strategies considered included starting a more aggressive recruitment campaign the Democratic Party Democratic candidates from more conservative areas , as well as increasing their outreach to traditionally " red " districts . " Just because you ’re only getting 30 as well of the vote in some area does n’t mean you should n’t go there , " said Representative Cedric L. Richmond of Louisiana . " You should go there and engage people and tell them what you believe in . " Disappointed by the outcome of the leadership election , a people of Democrats who had backed Mr. Ryan vowed to press forward with a proposal to turn some jobs , such as the chairman of the party ’s campaign arm , into elected positions . That plan is expected to meet resistance from Ms. Pelosi , who retains the power to appoint people to those positions , though some Democrats have expressed an interest in the idea . Last week Ms. elected positions Representative Ben Ray Luján of New Mexico to again lead the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , even though House Democrats picked up just six seats in this election . Though he collected only a dozen or so public endorsements , Mr. Ryan mounted an unlikely challenge to Ms. Mr. Ryan , long considered a legislative and    powerhouse . Driven by the conviction that Democrats need a new leader , he tried to harness discontent with a leadership team that has failed three times to reclaim the majority Mr. Ryan being swept out in 2010 . Trying to quell calls to replace her , Ms. Pelosi announced her nominations last week for a handful of other positions , and proposed that three Ms. Pelosi Illinois , Ms. Pelosi and New York share the leadership duties of the party ’s messaging committee , offering more regional diversity . She also released plans to incorporate more junior members into leadership roles , among other ideas , such as Ms. Pelosi a freshman Democrat in the leadership team ’s regular meetings . But each new idea has underscored the fact that Ms. Pelosi refuses to relinquish much power and has cultivated a large , loyal following that does not expect Ms. Pelosi . It is from that sizable collection of House Democrats that she draws her picks for smaller leadership Ms. Pelosi , making her a powerful ally and , for those like Mr. Ms. Pelosi who Ms. Pelosi challenged her , a formidable opponent . Ms. Pelosi She has a lot of friends , " Mr. Ryan clearly . Ms. Pelosi 
 Ms. Pelosi 