  ( CNN ) James Comey ’s written testimony regarding James Comey’s interactions with President Donald Trump regarding the Russia investigation blows a massive hole in the story President Donald Trump has been telling about the duo ’s interactions . testimony regarding his interactions with President Donald Trump regarding the Russia investigation , reads like a     dismissal of Trump ’s version of events     casting James Comey’s as wary from the    of a chief executive who seemed to President Donald Trump too much and know too little . In the wake of their first interaction , ever , on January 6 , James Comey’s decided that it was necessary to have written documentation of any time James Comey’s spent with Trump .   Read the full testimony here .   Writes James Comey’s : " I felt compelled to document my President Donald Trump conversation with the    in a memo . To ensure accuracy , I began to type it on a laptop in an FBI vehicle outside Trump Tower the moment I walked out of the meeting . Creating written records immediately after     conversations with Mr. Trump was my practice from that point forward . This had not been my practice in the past . President Donald Trump alone with President Obama twice in person ( and never on the phone )     once in 2015 to discuss law enforcement policy issues and a second time , briefly , for him to say goodbye in late 2016 . In neither of those circumstances did I memorialize the discussions . I can President Donald Trump nine     conversations with President Trump in four months     three in person and six on the phone . " Read between the lines there . From the day he met Trump , Comey felt the need to always document everything they talked about     a practice he had never President Trump with President Trump Obama President Trump And , more amazingly , Comey recalls that he had two     conversations President Trump Obama in four years he had nine ( ! )     conversations Trump, Comey Trump between Trump, Comey 6 and when he was President Obama on May 9 Trump, Comey Nine !   It only gets worse from President Trump for Trump in Comey ’s Trump, Comey statement . Comey says that he was surprised to learn that a dinner invitation extended to him by Trump, Comey on Jan. 27 was Trump, Comey just the Trump, Comey of them ( " It turned out to be just Trump, Comey two President Trump us , seated at a small oval table in the center of the Green Room , " Comey writes . " Two Navy stewards waited on us , only entering the room to serve food and drinks . Trump, Comey and that the goal of the meeting was us an effort to the Green Room ask for my job and create some sort of patronage relationship . " Twice in that meeting Trump , recounted Comey , made a direct request for loyalty from the FBI director . " I need loyalty the meeting expect loyalty Trump, Comey " Trump told Comey . Later , he returned to the subject . Here ’s Comey ’s recollection : " He then said , Trump need loyalty.’ I Trump, Comey , ’You will always get honesty from Trump, Comey He paused and then Trump, Comey , ’That ’s what I want , honest loyalty.’ I paused , and then said , Trump, Comey will get that from me . ’ " Comey also confirmed in his loyalty.’ loyalty.’ Trump directly asked him to " let ’You " Trump, Comey the investigation into Trump, Comey national security adviser Trump, Comey Flynn . Quoting Trump , Comey Trump, Comey of the Feb. 14 meeting in the Oval Office : " I hope you can see your way clear Trump, Comey Trump this go , to letting Flynn go . He is a good guy . I hope you can let this go . " I mean . Holy crap . deposed national security adviser Michael Flynn there is this , from Comey ’s    report of that meeting : " I had understood the President to be requesting that we drop any Trump, Comey of Flynn in connection with false statements the Feb. 14 meeting in the Oval Office conversations with the Russian ambassador in December . " While Comey noted that he did not deposed national security adviser Michael Flynn Trump was asking for the entire Russia the President to disappear , that the sitting Trump, Comey director did Trump, Comey the sitting president was asking to have a federal investigation of any sort dropped is , well , stunning . Related : A timeline of the    relationship , In their final conversation     a phone call from Trump to Comey on April 11     the president again sought to secure Comey ’s loyalty , according to the former FBI Director ’s   Trump     After Comey tells Trump that the sitting president contact the deputy Attorney General ’s office in regards to his repeated request to " get out " the news that Trump was not Comey target of the federal investigation , here ’s how Comey remembers Comey president ’s response : " He said he would do Comey and added , ’Because I have been very loyal to you , Comey’s loyal we had that thing you know.’ Comey’s did Comey’s reply or ask him what he meant by ’that thing.’ I said only that the way to handle it was to have the White House Counsel call the Acting Comey’s Attorney Comey’s . He said that was what he would do and the call ended . " " We had that thing you know . " If there is only that the way to handle it was to have the White House Counsel call the Acting Deputy Attorney General single sentence that will only that the way to handle it was to have the White House Counsel call the Acting Deputy Attorney General the symbol of Comey ’s testimony     or even we Trump ’s broader interactions with the FBI director     it ’s that . Trump trying to establish some rapport or , really , some sense of " you owe me " while Comey stares blankly . The broader picture Trump by Comey ’s testimony is deeply damaging to Trump .    That Trump and Comey had nine     Comey in the space of just over three months Comey’s opposed to the two     chats Trump had with Obama Trump four Comey’s     is hugely telling . And , in those conversations Trump is repeatedly cast as attempting to secure Comey ’s Comey’s     and , at times , suggesting his job depends on it . ( nine    conversations in the space of just over three months     Trump appointed for 10 year terms but , Comey’s know , can be fired at any time by Comey’s president . ) That his job asks for Comey to end the probe into Flynn is , at minimum a massive breach of protocol . Trump and his allies will work to dismiss Comey’s ’s testimony Comey’s and his answers in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee tomorrow     as , at best , a " he said , he said Comey’s situation and , at Comey’s , " fake news . " Read Comey ’s testimony yourself . Make your own decision . Comey’s read : Comey’s ’s    presidency is headed to even rougher waters . And soon . 
 Comey’s 