  ( CNN ) The country on Tuesday elected for president a man who once proposed " a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States . " Now , the first    elected to Congress is eyeing the position of chairman of the Democratic National Committee . Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota is looking to make a run for the influential post , according to a source familiar with Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota thinking . Although Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota has not yet officially commented on the speculation , Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota has already picked up endorsements from prominent colleagues in Congress , including popular liberal Sens . Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren , as well as New York Sen. Chuck Schumer , who is expected to be the next Senate minority leader . On Sunday Ellison Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota won the backing from the Reid " My friend Keith Ellison is a terrific leader and a Keith how to get things done , " Reid said in a statement . " Now is the time for new thinking and a fresh start at the DNC . Now is the time for Keith . " The election of the next DNC head     and what kind of Democrats emerge as the new and the DNC leaders of the party     will send an important signal about the direction that the Democratic Party takes in the aftermath of Hillary Clinton ’s shocking defeat to Trump this week . If Ellison is elected DNC chair , he could play a potentially powerful role in advocating for ethnic minority groups Ellison including Muslims , who feel deeply concerned about Trump ’s past comments about   . Earlier this year , CNN traveled Trump growing Muslim communities and spoke to more than 40 Muslim Americans about the election . In these conversations , the community expressed emotions ranging from disbelief to anger to fear . In an extensive interview outside of his district office in Minneapolis , Ellison said at the time that Muslims in Ellison community feared possible backlash and spike in racial discrimination if Trump were to Ellison elected president . " I ’ve had more than one mom say , ’My kids are asking me whether we ’re going to be deported , whether we ’re going to be safe.’ Teenage girls asking whether they should wear the we if they want to , " Ellison said . ’My kids It ’s a choice , ’My kids they ’re now getting the message that maybe it ’s not safe for them ’My kids do that . " Like many others It CNN interviewed , Ellison ’My kids made a surprising revelation : that he believes things are worse now Ellison    than they were right after the Ellison 11 terrorist attacks . " I think it things probably harder now , " he said . Ellison described a gradual easing of tensions and normalization in the Ellison years since Ellison . After becoming the first    elected to Congress , Ellison said former President George W. Bush " extended his hand to me and Ellison , ’Ellison , I ’m glad there ’s Ellison Muslim in Ellison Congress . ’ " Bush " Ellison with Muslims and he said that Congress not the problem     former President George W. Bush terrorists , murderers and maniacs ’" Bush " the problem , " Ellison says . " George Bush does n’t get enough credit for that . " 
 ’" Bush " 