  ( CNN )   Donald Trump went     Wednesday with a press corps itching to    Donald Trump after more than five months at arm ’s length , while Donald Trump top nominees faced off with senators during a strategic crush of confirmation hearings . The raucous 48 hours , beginning on Capitol Hill early Tuesday , represented an unofficial inauguration of the 45th president     a whirlwind welcome to Trump ’s Washington , a chaotic and contentious place where graying norms seem destined to clash relentlessly with an idiosyncratic administration .   By Thursday morning , after a Senate     effectively paved the way for GOP efforts to dismember Obamacare , new information had emerged and old suspicions were affirmed , as the final countdown to the historic transition neared the historic transition end . Here are seven lessons     and the moments that defined them     from the past two days :     1 . The lesson : Trump escalates Trump conflicts with the media and other perceived enemies , The moment : At Trump news conference Wednesday , the    refused to hear a question from CNN ’s Jim Acosta . Incoming press secretary Sean Spicer then threatened to throw Jim Acosta out of the room if Jim Acosta persisted in asking .   " I have great respect for the news , great respect for freedom of the press and all that , " Trump said during Trump    press conference Wednesday .   But the lovefest had the lovefest limits , as the    ripped CNN and BuzzFeed over a pair of stories published the day before     CNN ’s a carefully sourced report BuzzFeed ’s a less scrupulous document dump     and purposefully conflated the two in order to avoid answering serious questions about BuzzFeed and BuzzFeed staff and advisers’ alleged ties to Russia .   Trump passed over Acosta during the news conference and Spicer threatened to eject Trump if Trump spoke up again . When ABC ’s Cecilia Vega pressed Trump the matter , the Trump nearly 90 seconds filibustering before heading for the elevators , where he eventually Trump to reporters that he or Trump on his team Trump been in contact with the Russians during the campaign . 2 . The lesson : Republican Russia hawks could emerge as Trump ’s most galvanizing opponents , The moment : Marco Rubio on Wednesday blitzed secretary of state nominee Rex Tillerson over his connections to Russia and Russia , in his opinion Marco Rubio Vladimir Putin was a " war criminal . " Unlike Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions a day earlier , Tillerson , the Exxon Mobil chief with extensive business ties to Moscow , was confronted with a blistering round of inquiries from the senators who will decide if his nomination Vladimir Putin goes to the full chamber . Rubio in particular pressed Tillerson with a categorical question . " Is Vladimir Putin a war criminal ? " the Florida Vladimir Putin Tillerson hedged , saying Tillerson " would not Vladimir Putin that term " and required " much more information " before giving a clear answer .   Rubio pressed on , Rubio off a laundry list of Russian aggression , from its actions in Aleppo Russian the murder of dissidents and journalists , but Tillerson did n’t budge Tillerson   Further questions about human rights abuses in Saudi Arabia and the Philippines were met with similar demurrals . By late Wednesday , Amnesty International USA had weighed in with their growing concerns . Amnesty International USA After a day of questioning , Tillerson ’s commitment to Tillerson rights in the US and abroad is in serious question , " the group ’s executive director , Margaret Huang , said in an email . " He must use tomorrow the group’s executive director, Margaret Huang hearing to clarify today ’s troubling statements . " 3 . The lesson : A Justice Department led by Jeff Sessions will not vigorously police the police   The moment : Asked on Tuesday for his opinion on the A Justice Department led by Jeff Sessions Department ’s A Justice Department to oversee and reform police departments with records of abuse , Sessions expressed serious doubts . During the tenures of Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch , the Justice Department has been proactive in A Justice Department to local law enforcement outfits found to have committed civil rights violations . The department has used a tool called a consent A Justice Department a period of enforced reform , with terms agreed by municipal authorities and Justice Department officials as a means of avoiding federal court A Justice Department Ferguson , Missouri and Cleveland are among the wide range , in size and prominence , of cities to sign on after    offenses . " I think there is concern that good police officers and good departments can be sued by the Department of Justice when you just have individuals within a department that have done wrong , " Sessions said when asked during the first day of his hearing . " These lawsuits undermine the respect for police Justice and create an impression that the entire department is not doing their work consistent with fidelity the Department of Justice fairness , and we need These lawsuits be careful before we do that . " With an attorney general     and Sessions is we but guaranteed to be confirmed     so openly critical of the process , it ’s hard to imagine the Trump Justice Department will be initiating the reviews that became a hallmark the Department of Justice 4 . The lesson : Protesters     not a beleaguered Democratic minority     the Department of Justice set to emerge as leaders in the    resistance , The moment : The Sessions confirmation hearings , Day 1 . While senators mostly treated Sessions with deference during what many had expected to be a fraught and tense confirmation hearing , Democrats were not nearly as vocal as the demonstrators that frequently interrupted the proceedings . Protesters from a variety of grassroots progressive groups and larger liberal organizations were often the harshest voices in the room during Sessions’ hearings . They rose at seemingly regular intervals to rail against the Alabama senator , who was denied Protesters from a variety of grassroots progressive groups and larger liberal organizations federal judgeship in 1986 amid allegations he made racist comments to a colleague . More recently , Sessions has emerged as a vocal backer of voter ID laws .   Activist Kai Newkirk , who was arrested during a    at Sessions’ office , told CNN Wednesday he was willing to be jailed because " Sessions’ history and present positions make it undeniably he that he can not be entrusted to uphold equal justice , civil rights , or the right he vote . " Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee panel were mostly restrained in their questioning , with Minnesota ’s Al Franken the rare Sessions colleague to confront him over Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee panel past record     deliberately overstated , Franken suggested     as a civil rights he . he their party set to turn over Al Franken White House , and already nearly powerless in Congress , Democrats sitting on Capitol Hill could soon take a backseat to progressives and allied groups planning to stand up to Trump with mass protests and direct actions .   5 . The lesson : Difficult conversations about race in policy clashes and political conflicts are n’t going anywhere during the Trump era .   The moment : Both Rep. John Lewis , the civil rights hero , and Sen. Cory Booker , a Democrat from New Jersey , testified against Sessions on the second day of his confirmation hearings . As their colleagues came under fire for offering what liberals saw as an overabundance of senatorial courtesy , Lewis , Booker and Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Rep. Cedric Richmond zeroed in on Sessions’ history with a sharper edge . " Those who are committed to equal justice in our society wonder whether Sen. Sessions’ call for ’law and order’ will mean today what it meant in Alabama when I was coming up back then , " Lewis said during his testimony . " The rule of law was used to violate the human and civil Lewis of the poor , the dispossessed , people of color . " Booker , meanwhile , sought to channel the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. when he said , " The arc of the moral universe does not just naturally curve toward Booker , we must bend it . " " America needs an attorney general who is resolute and determined to bend the arc , " Booker testified . " Sen. Sessions’ record does not speak to that desire , intention or Booker . " Booker ’s decision to so publicly oppose a Senate colleague     he is the first to Booker in a confirmation hearing     shed light on the depth Booker the racial fault lines that figure to roil the new administration and its critics .    Difficult conversations are obviously not new in this country and they escalated during     course of the Obama administration , when Americans were focused at various times Difficult conversations Ferguson , Baltimore , Black Lives Matter and the very visceral fight over voting rights and the Confederate flag . Trump and his cabinet will bring a very different perspective than Obama and his . Partisan fights over race Trump destined to escalate over the coming four years Obama 6 Obama The lesson : The role of the FBI , in particular Director James Comey , in the 2016 campaign will remain a flashpoint in 2017 , The moment : Democrats were alternately outraged and baffled when , in the course of a hearing with the Senate Intelligence Committee , Comey refused to comment on whether the bureau was investigating links between    Donald Trump ’s campaign and Russia . Russia The question came from Sen. Ron Wyden , an Oregon Democrat . He wanted to know whether the FBI had investigated potential contacts between the Trump campaign Trump Russia Comey Russia The director , the FBI was not in a forthcoming mood and refused to comment . Maine Sen. Angus King , an independent who caucuses with the Democrats , could n’t help himself . " You did n’t say one way or another whether even there was an investigation underway Maine Sen. Angus King, an independent who caucuses with the Democrats " King asked again . " Correct , " Comey said . " I do n’t , especially in a public forum , we never confirm or Comey a pending investigation . " " The irony of your making that statement here , I can not avoid , " King said , a clear reference to Comey ’s looser lips during the campaign the campaign he jolted the King with a very late public revelation Comey his agents would renew their review of emails Comey tied to Hillary Clinton ’s private server . Clinton was Comey , again , his agents later , but many Democrats believe the brouhaha cost her precious votes Hillary Clinton’s a race that was ultimately decided by the narrowest of margins in a handful of Hillary Clinton’s . Like Trump , Trump grudge Trump likely to endure . 7 . The lesson : The leader of the Democratic Party is Barack Obama     and no one else comes close   The moment : In his farewell address from Obama Tuesday night , the outgoing president delivered a stark warning about the challenges facing the outgoing president democracy while , both in the speech and recent remarks , offering a more coherent path forward than anyone else in his party . Obama said goodbye in much the same way he entered national politics     with an appeal to the outgoing president Obama and common interests across the partisan divide Obama But a decade on from the beginning of his brief Senate stay , the    president addressed a country more openly at odds over race . " Obama Senate election , " Obama told the outgoing president Place , " there was talk of a    America . Such a vision Obama however    was never realistic . Race remains a potent and often America force in our society . " Framing that divide as a " threat to our democracy , " Obama pleaded with Americans to emerge from their digital bubbles and more openly engage with political opposites . " Obama you ’re tired of arguing with strangers on the Internet Americans " he said to laughs , " try talking with one of them in real life . "   But his appeal to economic solidarity     which sounded a lot more like Bernie Sanders than you’re tired of arguing with strangers on the Internet    successor Hillary Clinton     struck hardest he " If every economic issue is framed as a struggle between a hardworking white he class and an undeserving minority , then workers of all shades are going to be left fighting for scraps while the wealthy withdraw further into their private enclaves , " he said , while pointedly encouraging Democrats to engage " the    white guy . " Whether that workers of all shades up to a winning he remains to be seen , but for a night at least , the departing Obama towered over the Democrats he leaves behind to take on Trump . 
 Obama Obama Obama Trump 