January 26 , 2017 , Israeli settlements in the West Bank , major changes to U. S. immigration policy , and a new high note for the Dow Jones Industrial Average : These are our main stories today on CNN 10 . We ’ll test your stock market knowledge , and We ’ll explain how you can name a roach in the name of love . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Global news for a global audience .   This is CNN 10 .    Welcome , everyone .   I ’m Carl Azuz .    The Middle Eastern nation of Israel is planning to expand its The Middle Eastern nation of Israel , its The Middle Eastern nation of Israel areas in the West Bank .   We start today by explaining why that ’s significant . The the West Bank a disputed area of land in the ongoing conflict between Israelis and Palestinians .   It used to the West Bank controlled by the The Middle Eastern nation of Israel   But during a brief war , in 1967 , Israel captured the land and claimed it as land .   Today land Israel Israel part of the land is Israel theirs , part land theirs .   It uses some of the land to provide Israel and it says land the space to give more Israel to Israel people . The Palestinians in the region say Israel land is theirs and that it was stolen land They ’re The Palestinians in the region to have land West Bank as part The Palestinians in the region a future country of their own .   And Palestinian officials say Israel ’s The Palestinians in the region to build new settlements there would threaten the region ’s security and put an obstacle in front the region to achieve peace between Palestinians and Israelis . Timing may factor in the Israel ’s decision .   The U. S. has historically been an Israel ally .   But the Obama administration was strongly opposed to Israel ’s construction of new settlements .   Now , with the Israel in power , international experts expect that the U. S. will more supportive of Israel ’s settlements . Up next The U. S. in the U. S. Israel immigration policy . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) DONALD TRUMP , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   I just signed two executive orders that will save thousands of lives , millions of jobs , and billions and billions of dollars . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   One of them that President Trump announced yesterday has to do with sanctuary cities .   These are DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:   that shelter people who are in the U. S. illegally .   For example , police forces in these cities might not help U. S. government officials find and deport undocumented immigrants , unless sanctuary cities committed certain crimes .   President Trump wants to punish these cities for not cooperating undocumented immigrants the federal government and he President Trump that by taking away certain sanctuary cities get from the government . " The President Trump Street Journal " reports that the president ’s ability to sanctuary cities is limited the federal government approval , but that he could slow President Trump of giving these cities certain grants .    Critics of the executive actions President Trump President Trump does n’t have the constitutional authority to sanctuary cities out and that pressuring cities to deport illegal President Trump tear families apart .    The other actions the president announced yesterday : add thousands of U. S. border patrol agents and thousands of other government officials to deport undocumented immigrants .   This would require congressional approval to pay for . And something the president repeatedly promised to do while campaigning     build a physical border wall between the U. S. and Mexico .   President Trump President Trump will help the U. S. get back control of its borders and that the wall would help Mexico as well by discouraging illegal immigration from countries south the U. S.    Mr. Trump plans to use the U. S. S. government funds to pay for the Mexico and then get Mexico to pay America back .   Mexico President Trump Mexican leaders have said they wo n’t do and critics say the wall would be a monumental waste Mexico U. S. taxpayer money . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) JASON CARROLL , CNN Mexican leaders :   What would it take to build a wall on the border between U. S. States and Mexico ?    You ’re talking about an area 1 , 954 miles , stretching across California , Arizona , New Mexico and right here in Texas     just about 100 yards away from Mexico .    We spoke to civil engineers , architects and academics .   They all say the wall can be built .   It can be done . Mexico The    is , how ?    The first thing one has to civil engineers, architects and academics , before you go up , you have to the wall down and build a foundation .   This will help    support for the wall .   In order to prevent people from tunneling under it , it should be at least five feet deep .    The second thing one must consider the wall do you use to build the wall ?   What materials do you go after ?   Well , how about cinderblock ?    The upside is it ’s strong it ’s secure it ’s readily the wall   The downside is , it ’s labor intensive to have to stack every single brick in order to build the The upside .   The upside , our The upside say that option does n’t work .    There The upside another option .   Using poured concrete on site .   That ’s what the wall when they built the Hoover Dam .   The downside to that is when you poor concrete in warmer climates like along many of these border states , experts say what you could end they with is a weaker wall , because the concrete might not dry correctly , meaning a wall that could end up crumbling .    So what could be the answer here ?    The experts that we spoke to say when you poor concrete in warmer climates like along many of these border states to go is    cement wall panels .   Those panels will be lined    by side , sort of like what you might see on a highway .   Each panel would be about 20 feet high .   Again , five cement wall panels ground .   About ten feet side and eight inches thick .    Again , that wall would be stretching some 2 , 000 miles , and our expert says it would require 339 million cubic feet of concrete .   And that ’s just for the panels .   You ’re also going to need reinforced steel .   At least 5 billion pounds that wall    So what about the estimated cost ?    Because it has n’t been done before , let ’s use those highway panels as an example .   They cost about $ 40 a square foot .   That would end up costing about $ 10 . 5 billion .   Sounds like a lot the panels is a lot of money . But the panels , remember , Donald Trump says the U. S. government would n’t end up footing the bill on this one .   It would be Mexico .    And what about the timing on all of this ?   How long would it take to build ?   According to our expert , if you ’re ambitious , you could get it done within a presidential term , four years .    Jason Carroll , CNN , McAllen , Texas . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia :   What it Apple , Home Depot , McDonald ’s and Walt Disney have in common ?   Are they all based in California , part of the Dow Jones Industrial Average , part of the NASDAQ , or none of these ? All four of these companies are included in the Dow , an average Apple, Home Depot, McDonald’s and Walt Disney major U. S. stocks . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   The Dow is one indicator of the health of the U. S. economy these It ’s not the only one .   But a rising stock market is usually seen as a good economic sign .   And the Dow the Dow hit a high note : 20 , 000 , for the first the Dow ever . This number shows that the value of stocks in the average increased .   The fact that it ’s climbed this high shows the Dow market investors are optimistic about the direction the economy is going in . Experts credit the work of two U. S. leaders for the climb .    One , President Trump .   Analysts believe his plans to cut taxes , increased spending on roads and bridges and reduced regulations on business could help increase corporate profits and help the American economy growth faster . Two , former President Obama .   Analysts believe the economy he left behind , which saw years of job growth and a decreasing unemployment rate also contributed to the Dow ’s rise , since the great recession brought it down in early 2009 .   The recovery from that was considered to be slow .   But the economy ’s health has noticeably improved . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) ( MUSIC ) REPORTER :   It was    1972 .   This hit was number one on the Billboard charts .   Richard Nixon had just won reelection and on Wall Street , traders marked Dow 1 , 000 , with IBM , the growth stock of the day , leading the charge .   It was the first truly mega Wall Street milestone . It took the Dow 27 years to hit 10 , 000 , in March 1999 .    ( MUSIC ) REPORTER :   Cher ’s hit " Believe " was topping the charts .   Stocks were truly a force of It back the Dow   And at the end NYSE , traders went nuts .    STEPHEN GUILFOYLE , PRESIDENT , SARGE986 :   That was kind of a big deal .   At that time , there were still a lot of people down here .   We probably still have between us and the Amex , maybe 7 , 500 people .   So , at that time , yes , it was confetti in the air , with everybody wearing baseball caps . REPORTER :   A little event called the global We crisis leveled stocks in 2008 , sending the Dow plunging below 7 , 000 .   But those with the stomach for rest were rewarded when stocks roared back . President Trump ’s victory in November sparked a powerful rally , bringing the Dow less than a point away the Dow , 000 .   Stocks President Trump .   The milestone remained elusive .    Some may play down these benchmarks , but soaring stocks can boost consumer confidence , and for traders on the the Dow Stock Exchange , big round numbers remain magical . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Nothing the first truly mega Wall Street milestone I love you " like naming a roach .   At New York City ’s Bronx Zoo , love is in the air as Valentine ’s Day nears .   What they ’re allowing people to do is to AZUZ:   hissing cockroach after a loved one , or as they put it , a    loved one . Since the annual event started in 2011 , more the air , 000 roaches had been named .   For 10 bucks , you get a certificate .   For 50 , you can get that , some chocolates and they flash roach doll .   Of course , the A little event gentleman might hate that approach .   They might respond with reproach , or they might broach the subject of a breakup .    On the other leg , if they have their antennae out for something unusual , and this does n’t make them    or encroach on any other plans , maybe they ’ll find it the lucky lady or gentleman roachmantic . I ’m Carl Azuz the lucky lady or gentleman Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN the lucky lady or gentleman serves the lucky lady or gentleman growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for explanation the lucky lady or gentleman on the go or in the classroom . The the lucky lady or gentleman CNN priority    to CNN stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how CNN 10 fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 CNN 10 