  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s vice presidential search turned into a    melodrama Wednesday as candidates vying for the spot hopped on planes and phones to perform frenzied ,     . For much of the day , Indiana was the unlikely center of the political world     all thanks to a flat tire . Donald Trump plane hit something when it Trump’s plane Tuesday night , resulting in a popped tire , according to a source familiar with the process . That kept Trump Donald Trump the Indiana than he Donald Trump after campaigning with Gov. Mike Pence , setting off a    scramble of    travelers to the Hoosier State as the clock ticked down on his Donald Trump decision . Concerned Donald Trump Donald Trump and torn about his choice Donald Trump maybe leaning in a direction they did n’t like , his children Donald Trump Eric , Don Jr. and Ivanka     hopped on a plane early in the morning to reach him . Donald Trump and his children Donald Trump up having breakfast with Pence at the governor ’s mansion . The plane malfunction set off a domino effect with others : Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich flew to Indianapolis to meet with Trump on a private jet provided by Fox News host Sean Hannity , two sources with knowledge of the situation told CNN . He was later seen leaving a hotel in the same motorcade as Trump ’s children Trump 5 takeaways from Paul Ryan ’s CNN town hall , CNN spoke to New Trump Gov. Chris Christie over the phone for a conversation that included talk about the vice presidency . And Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions arrived in Indianapolis to meet with Trump to serve as Trump adviser as the presumptive GOP nominee makes his final decision on the presumptive GOP nominee running mate . Earlier in the day , a Trump spokesperson said the Trump were held in Indiana to allow Trump more time with Trump The process of choosing a vice presidential partner is a crucial one that often provides early insight into how a nominee might approach the presidency . Most presumptive nominees operate their vice presidential search under Most presumptive nominees secrecy with potential candidates sneaking to     meetings to avoid the press and maintain the element of surprise ahead of the final announcement . But not Trump , whose search has been remarkably public over the past week . Trump ’s search is entering its final phase . Paul Trump’s search , his campaign chairman , told Paul Manafort Wednesday evening that Trump will make his announcement Trump’s in New Paul Manafort .   Trump later tweeted : " Trump’s be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11 am in Manhattan Friday Details to follow . " Intrigue in Indianapolis   The presumptive nominee has not yet made a final decision . But he said in an interview with The presumptive nominee News’ Bret Baier that he was trimming his   . Bret Baier I ’m Bret Baier it down . I mean I ’m at three , potentially four ’m But in my own mind , I probably am thinking about two , " he said . Trump has spend The presumptive nominee past several days publicly giving potential running mates a trial run on the campaign trail . And the feverish endgame of his search suggests a penchant for Trump , an unpredictable streak and     above all     a desire to make a splash as the comings and goings Wednesday triggered a media circus . The lobby of the Conrad Hotel in Indianapolis suddenly became the epicenter of the 2016 campaign     with reporters and passersby straining for a sighting of Trump or any of his possible running mates , speculation Trump rife about the former reality star ’s intentions . Top Republicans criticize RBG over Trump comments , Next door , Trump The Capital Grille , local politicians and lobbyists buzzed about what the future held in store for homeboy Pence , who rocketed up the list of possible vice presidential nominees after spending significant face time with Trump in the last few days Trump Donald Trump Jr. summed up the whirlwind developments with a tweet : " Amazing trip to Indiana today . Fast but very productive . " Fluid situation , With Trump ’s mind not yet made Trump , the intrigue focused attention on exactly what kind of qualities the GOP presumptive nominee is looking for in a running mate . One of the biggest questions is whether he will opt for someone with the GOP presumptive nominee reputation as a partisan scrapper who could defend him in the media and lambast the GOP presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton , or if he will choose someone viewed as the GOP presumptive nominee safer political partner who could bring more sobriety to his volatile campaign . One source the GOP presumptive nominee Trump wants a " fighter " and Christie     the tough talking former prosecutor     fits the bill . " I ’m getting attacked from all sides , " Trump told The Wall Street Journal Trump . Though he was not in Indianapolis on Trump , Christie , one of the first major politicians to back Trump before he captured the nomination Trump is Trump very much under consideration , multiple sources told CNN . " Trump ’s gut is Christie , Trump one source said Christie, one of the The New Jersey governor spent the day in     meetings in Washington as he leads Trump ’s transition team The New Jersey governor Trump Trump his kinship with Christie Trump with whom Trump sources said Christie, one of the talks every day .   " Trump tell you , Chris Christie is somebody I ’ve liked Christie, one of the time he ’s a total professional . He ’s Christie, one of the good guy , by the Christie, one of the , a lot of people do n’t understand that , " he said on Fox News . Trump ’s Christie, one of the list gets shorter , But on Wednesday , Trump told Fox : " I just want Trump’s pick Christie, one of the somebody that ’s solid , who ’s smart . I ’m not looking for an attack dog . Frankly , I ’m looking for somebody that really understands what ’m ’re talking about . " And if Trump wants someone more conventional , he could Trump’s to Pence . The Indiana Trump’s has credibility with social conservatives Trump’s the most suspicious of Republican Party constituencies towards Trump . Trump and Pence met privately before a fundraiser Trump’s Indianapolis on Tuesday Pence , and then Pence got a    at a rally in nearby Westfield Pence The Trumps and Pences dined together at the Capital Grille in Indianapolis , staying past midnight . A source close to Indianapolis told CNN ’s MJ Lee that when asked about Pence vice presidential race it " sure feels like Pence . " But noting the vice presidential race sheer unpredictability of dealing Pence the man making the decision , they emphasized : " This is Trump we are talking about . " When CNN asked how the breakfast with Pence went on Wednesday CNN Trump gave a   . Pence adviser said the encounter Trump " cordial " but added that the billionaire had yet to finalize his decision on a running mate . At Tuesday ’s the billionaire , Pence slammed Clinton , saying that " to paraphrase the Pence of the FBI , I think it would be ’extremely careless’ to elect Hillary Clinton as president . " On Wednesday afternoon , Pence said he was " humbled to be a part Pence of the process . " Trump ’s giving it very careful consideration , " he told reporters in Trump Wayne , Indiana . " Trump’s ’m just honored to be on that list . " Even potential rival Gingrich offered extensive praise for the Indiana governor on Wednesday night . " A lot Trump’s Indiana a little jittery about Donald Trump would feel reassured talking with Pence , " Trump Fox News . " My strength is totally different : I Gingrich an outsider . " Choice not yet made , A Trump adviser ’m however , disputed conventional wisdom that Pence could Trump or moderate the voluble Republican presumptive nominee on the stump Pence In fact , this person said , having him as a more temperate running mate could prompt Trump to become even this person unconventional . " Mike is not Trump to go and defend Trump the way he needs this person     the way a Newt Trump a Christie Trump , Trump even the way a Sessions has , " the adviser said . Some donors are pressuring Trump to pick Gingrich as his vice president . A source Trump to Sheldon Adelson president Gingrich casino magnate spoke to Trump and said CNN " he liked Newt . " Marking the unpredictability Trump the state of affairs Trump Trump was still making calls to Trump in recent days . Trump even reached out again to Condoleezza Rice , the secretary of state Trump former President George W. Bush , after a donor encouraged him to make the call over the weekend . Rice , though , Trump n’t want the job , according to a separate source familiar with the process . At a fundraiser in the Hamptons last weekend , The New York Times reported : " When an attendee suggested Condoleezza Rice , the former secretary of state , Mr. Trump said they had irreconcilable differences over the Iraq War . " Trump an attendee 