  ( CNN ) It ’s time the media stop treating Donald Trump like a Kardashian and more like the person who , come January 20 , will be sworn in as the 45th President of the United States . And for the media , that should start by no longer giving Trump Donald Trump of every tweet     especially ones on substantive policy issues . As things stand , Trump tweets Donald Trump the media chases . It ’s like an updated version of Pavlov ’s dog , but instead of a dog salivating , it ’s It media salivating every time they hear the media has Donald Trump another tweet . When he does Donald Trump the media     especially cable news outlets     goes into overdrive , with experts trying to decipher what Trump meant Donald Trump his latest Donald Trump musing . Next come the political pundits who speculate over the political potential fallout from the tweet . And before we can ever figure out if Trump is Donald Trump signaling a strategic policy change or if he was Donald Trump bored and felt like tweeting , then he is Donald Trump to the next series of tweets prompting an identical media reaction all over again .   During all this , the American people are increasingly being lulled into a sense that it ’s somehow OK for our president to simply tweet policy positions and not be required to give us detailed our proposals or explanations . We ca n’t spend the next four years as a nation doing that . Instead the major media outlets should collectively agree to ignore Trump ’s tweets . In fact , CNN ’s Don Lemon said as much Tuesday , suggesting that news executives agree to not cover Trump ’s Trump’s Lemon is 100 % correct . Trump no Trump prefers tweeting to holding a press conference because there ’s no one to challenge him to Trump face Trump factual inaccuracies or ask him    Trump .   But if the media ignored his tweets Trump it could compel the media to Trump hold a press conference     which he has Trump done since July     to explain the details of his proposals Trump Or possibly spur Trump to Trump a policy speech , complete with supporting data so we can properly evaluate it . Both options are far better than what we are currently getting . Even Trump ’s Trump times have had trouble explaining what Trump meant by Trump tweets . Trump example , just last week Trump tweeted , Trump The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until The United States time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes The United States " Keep in mind that per the Congressional Budget Office we are already spending an estimated $ 348 billion over the next decade to maintain , upgrade and operate our existing nuclear arsenal we   Will Trump push to Trump Medicare or other social programs to fund this increased spending ? And is Trump really reversing Trump    effort of the United States to reduce our nuclear arsenal ? We are entitled to know answers to such questions . But when Trump surrogate Sean Trump     who was recently named White House spokesperson     was asked on CNN to make sense of this Trump tweet , Trump got zero details We Instead Spicer served up clichés Trump surrogate Sean Spicer    who was recently named White House spokesperson     what Trump meant , Trump he " will Trump take anything off the table . " Did Spicer not have any Trump surrogate Sean Spicer    who was recently named White House spokesperson     specifics ? And here ’s the worst part     Spicer stated that Trump Trump surrogate Sean Spicer    who was recently named White House spokesperson     to Trump Twitter as president , suggesting that Trump ’s tweeting Trump " a really exciting part " of his new job as Trump House press secretary . But while it may be exciting for Spicer , it will be Trump surrogate Sean Spicer    who was recently named White House spokesperson     for America .    We need a president who takes policy issues very seriously . This is not Season 1 of " The Apprentice , " but year one of Trump as President of the United States . We America who is more concerned with being commander in chief and less focused on being the political version of Kanye West . Interestingly , even Trump appears aware of the potential problems posed by using Twitter . In an interview with CBS ’s " 60 Minutes " last month , after winning the election , Trump stated that once he ’s president Trump he will be Trump very restrained " Trump using Twitter , adding , " if I use it at all . " So here ’s where the media can actually help not just Trump and America , but even itself : Ignore Trump ’s tweets on substantive issues . Trump might push him to hold press conferences to explain his Trump pronouncements , while helping the media Trump Americans’ trust ( something that is at historic lows , in part because of the saturation coverage of Trump ’s campaign ) . Americans     whether Trump they voted for Trump     need the media to Americans     a trustworthy Trump Not treating every Trump tweet like breaking news would be a good start Trump restoring the country ’s faith that it had the ability to be one . 
 the country’s 