February 9 , 2017 , South Korea is no stranger to either the Olympic Games or the challenges the Olympic Games present . But exactly one year from the 2018 Winter Games , South Korea looks like it ’ll be ready for its South Korea . Meanwhile , parts of Louisiana are recovering from a storm system that spawned tornadoes . And we CNN you some highlights from a CNN town hall debate over U. S. health care law . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   This is CNN 10 , where 10 minutes of global news explained for a global audience .   And I`m your host , Carl Azuz .   Thank you for watching . We CNN officially one year away from the next Olympics , the 2018 Winter Olympics .   They CNN off next February in Pyeongchang , South Korea .   The city is east of Seoul , in the northern part of the country .    Though South South Korea hosted the games before , there had been four new events added for the 2018 Olympics .   Alpine skiing will have a mixed team event .   Curling will have a mixed doubles event .   Speed skating will have what`s being called a mass start event .   And for snowboarders , a big air event makes its debut a big air event There are a number of challenges that any city faces when hosting the Olympics the 2018 Olympics For one thing , it`s incredibly expensive .   Billions and billions are spent .   Venues have to be built .   Security has to be arranged .    Host countries are under the international media microscope for everything , from their weather , Host countries how they manage housing Host countries , to their political conditions Host countries    South Korea`s president , Park    was impeached in December and a court is deciding whether to permanently remove her from a a court , as a major investigation is made concerning the nation`s political scandal . But on the other side of those challenges is the chance for Pyeongchang to shine as the backdrop of a beloved international sporting event , one that brings together athletes , families , fans and photographs from all corners of the globe . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) MATT RIVERS , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   We are less CNN INTERNATIONAL one year until the 2018 Winter Games begin in Pyeongchang .   Pyeongchang know , as far as how things are going , no major issues so far .   Organizers say they are largely Organizers with the progress that has been made .   The majority of the infrastructure needed for this event has been built already .    And , frankly , that kind of progress stands out after what we`ve seen from the last two Olympic Games .   Of course , I`m talking about the Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , in 2014 , and the Summer Olympics last year in Rio de Janeiro , 2016 .   Both of those events were plagued by things like construction delays overspending accusations of corruption .   And so , organizers of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics are trying to do their best , organizers of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics their words , organizers of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics not repeat those kind of mistakes . But there are certainly challenges that remain , including the fact that Pyeongchang is one of the smaller cities to host these Winter Olympics the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics fact that there are still infrastructure projects that need to be completed .   But they still have organizers of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics .   They are a organizers of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics less than a year now .    And , of course , they have experience organizers of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics   It`s the second time that South Korea has held the Olympics .   It the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in 1988 , here in Seoul , that the Summer Olympics were held , the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics now , South Korea gets a second chance to welcome South Korea athletes in the world to show off their best stuff .   One year away . the best athletes in the world Rivers , CNN , Seoul . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO Seoul ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : The Enhanced Fujita ( EF ) scale is used to measure the intensity of what ?   Tsunamis , tornadoes , hurricanes or earthquakes ? The Enhanced Fujita scale rates tornadoes from    the less damaging , to    the most destructive . ( END VIDEO CLIP    AZUZ :   In U. S. weather officials say it was at least an    tornado , with wind speeds between 111 and 135 miles per hour , that touched down in New Orleans , Louisiana , on Tuesday .   Dozens of people were hurt , some seriously .   But Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards says his state was Louisiana because no deaths were reported Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards He declared a state of emergency , though .    Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards wide portion of southeastern Louisiana was affected by the storm system .   About Louisiana homes and businesses were damaged .   Power was cut off for thousands of people .   And Governor Edward says it wasn`t just North Orleans that was Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards   Seven tornadoes were recorded in at least six different Louisiana parishes .    How do forecasters track these storms ? southeastern Louisiana BEGIN VIDEOTAPE    ALLISON CHINCHAR , CNN METEOROLOGIST :   This is a    look at a storm on radar .   But meteorologists see a tornado .   But what is it exactly that meteorologists see ? Well , let`s take a look . The yellow and green colors you see here are going to be your very heavy rain a storm .   The red color indicates your hail core .   And then all the way down there , the purple circle , that`s where tornado is going to be .   Meteorologists often refer to it as the hook echo , because of the hook shape that ends up taking .   But these aren`t the only features we look for .   We also have to take a look at the winds inside we storm .   Imagine this flagpole was inside of our a storm and the flag is going all the way up we very top of the cloud .   The thing is , the wind changes direction as you go up .   So , this naturally creates that rotation necessary for funnel clouds and also even tornadoes . So , now , let`s take a look at the base of that storm .   What you have is you have very warm inflow a storm air coming into the storm and rising because that`s what warm air does , it goes up a storm But you also have cold air coming down from the tops of the clouds and sinking all the way down towards the base . Now , together , this helped to create wind shear , down the base of that storm perimeter , and that is what helps create some of the more violent tornadoes . Now , what if your tornado has been on the ground for at least a little bit ?   Then , you start to get this , the debris cloud , which is essentially a collection of all of the stuff that tornado has been able to pick up , everything from dusts , to trees , to even homes . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Debate in the U. S. Congress over the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare , is nothing new .   It`s been going on since the overhaul of the U. S. healthcare system was proposed in 2009 .   What is new is that Republican lawmakers are moving forward with a new plan to repeal large parts of the law .   Repealing Obamacare was a campaign promise of U. S. President Donald Trump .    The law as it stands is controversial .   It was considered former President Barack Obama`s signature achievement , Repealing Obamacare it contributed a record number The law as it stands Americans having health insurance .   But it became increasingly The law as it stands for the federal government to support and a growing number of insurance The law as it stands dropped Obamacare as an option .    Because the debate about the law itself and about how to replace is ongoing , CNN hosted a town hall on Tuesday night to explore both sides of the U. S. healthcare divide .   On the left is Bernie Sanders , an independent U. S. senator from Vermont , who recently sought the Democratic nomination for president .   On the right is Ted Cruz , a U. S. senator from Texas who recently sought the Republican nomination for president . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SEN . TED CRUZ ( R ) TEXAS :   It was built on the edifice of lies . SUZANNE MALVEAUX , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT ( ):   Senator Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz facing off over President Trump`s promise to repeal and replace Obamacare . CRUZ : TED CRUZ Congress move swiftly to repeal Obamacare ?   Absolutely . SEN . BERNIE SANDERS ( I ) VERMONT :   The absolute Obamacare of Obamacare without improvements in it , without a plan to make it better , would be an Obamacare disaster .    MALVEAUX :   The two senators laying out sharply contrasting views of health care in America .    CRUZ :   What is a right is access to health care .   What is a CRUZ:   your own doctor .    SANDERS :   Go out and get a really great health insurance program .   Oh , you can`t do it , because you can`t afford it .   All right ?   That`s what he`s saying .    Access to what ?   You it to buy one of Donald Trump`s mansions ?   You have access to do that , as well .   Oh , you can`t afford $ 5 million per house ?   Sorry .    MALVEAUX :   The duo finding common ground on problems in American health care .    CRUZ :   You know who`s making out like gangbusters ?   The insurance companies and those in government CRUZ:   let`s have even more government control .   This thing isn`t working . ( CROSSTALK ) SANDERS :   I find myself in agreement with Ted .   He`s right .    MALVEAUX :   But disagreeing on solutions .    SANDERS (CROSSTALK) SANDERS:     Let`s work together on a Medicare for all , MALVEAUX:   so we`re finally going to get SANDERS:   private insurance companies out of our life .    CRUZ :   The answer is , empower you , give you choices , lower prices , lower premiums , lower CRUZ:   MALVEAUX :   Cruz arguing that proposals to replace Obamacare will continue to protect people with    conditions , a key tenant of the law . CRUZ:   MALVEAUX:   All of them prohibit insurance companies from cancelling someone because they got sick .   They prohibit insurance companies from CRUZ:   insurance rates because they got sick or injured .    SANDERS :   I can not believe what insurance companies just said .   insurance companies a direct contradiction to everything you ran for president on insurance companies    MALVEAUX SANDERS:   also giving tough advice for this salon owner feeling restricted by the law .    LARONDA HUNTER , SMALL BUSINESS OWNER :   How do I grow my SANDERS:   MALVEAUX:   do I employ more Americans without either raising the prices to my customers or the law to my employees ?    SANDERS :   I`m sorry . I`m I think that in America today everybody should have health care .   If you have more than 50 people , yes SANDERS:   be providing health insurance America    ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   In the history of bear hugs , this one (END VIDEOTAPE) Out of 10 " .    In the " don`t try this at home " category , a     bear who was rescued and the man who rescued him .   The animal`s named Jimbo .   He lives at the orphan wildlife center in New    state .   And the    tall ,    Kodiak has , as you can see , an unusually close bond with Jim Kowalczik , a retired corrections officer who rehabilitates The animal`s cubs that can`t survive in the wild .    If you find it hard to believe that    happen , there are certainly is claws for concern .   Bears in the wild are    to    people , but that one doesn`t Jimbow to peer pressure .   While it might seem     Jimbo gives all her    of furnliness .   That puts today`s show in the roar view . the wild Carl Azuz for CNN 10 . Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 CNN a growing    Jimbo interested in compact    news CNN ideal for explanation CNN on the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly CNN 10 they ’re making CNN 10 who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN 10 CNN 10 