Good evening Houston , and welcome to the Dangerous Faggot Tour ! I am your ringleader , Chief Executive Triggerer , and the aforementioned faggot , Milo Yiannopoulos . [ I ’d like to congratulate you on no longer being America ’s fattest city , how about a round of applause for slimming down a bit ?   It might have made sense for me to come to one of America ’s most obese cities and talk to you about body positivity , a topic I approach with my trademark sensitivity . But I ’m saving that for Louisiana State on Wednesday . Instead , I want to talk to you about a more serious topic , one that ’s captured the attention of American politics : the alternative right , or   . Now , various media and political figures have tried to define the    with varying degrees of accuracy , over the past few weeks . Which is to say no accuracy at all . Hillary Clinton , just before reading out some of my headlines , called the    an " emerging racist ideology . " Of course , Hillary Clinton also constantly hallucinates about a " vast right wing conspiracy , " and , when Hillary Clinton ’s having one of Hillary Clinton episodes , a purple unicorn Hillary Clinton calls Matilda . According to Vox , the    is " a movement lurking in Reddit and 4chan threads and in community blogs and forums , a movement of    who openly argue that democracy is a joke . " This is typically nonsensical bilge from Vox Vox given that the    were also apparently responsible for the outcome of the Brexit referendum . Salon is more succinct . " The    also known as white nationalism . " Now , obviously there ’s a grain of truth to some of these characterizations . But , as we ’ve come to expect , the media depictions of the alt right are woefully simplistic . Almost everything you read about the    is wrong . It the    n’t just white nationalists . Not everyone in the    is like Paul Town . And the movement certainly is n’t led by me   —    although the media seems determined to crown me its    . I can tell which members of the audience are    because their which members of the audience are starting to twitch at me , the degenerate ’s degenerate being called   . As I told CNBC , something ’s not quite right here . Just to be clear , I do n’t consider myself me member of the   . Here are a few of the things I disagree with them myself a member of the   . Firstly , I quite like Israel . The    is sort of fundamentally hostile to these foreign entanglements that may or may not serve America ’s interests , and I ’m a fairly unreconstructed Zionist . I do n’t expect everyone to agree with that . I also really like this man [ Slide : President George W. Bush ] . And I was    [ war ] and I still am . The    would mostly find that horrifying . And there ’s one last most obvious one   …      [ Slide : Interracial gay porn film ] Of course , to the mainstream media , reporting accurately on the The    understanding the movement ’s nuances instead of just shrieking " RACISTS , " is tantamount to leading the movement . The media is consumed by   . And yes , by the way , there are racists in the     —    but the movement the movement bigger than just them . The racists in the    —    ’s motivations in branding the    as skinheads with Twitter accounts are easier to understand when you realise that the left is left creating it in the first left , as I ’ll explain in a moment . The problem is , they ’re smearing an entire political generation as racist , and they do n’t care they gets hurt in the process . The inability of the establishment right to decipher the movement is slightly different   —    they just do n’t they it . I do the movement think any of the people at National Review are bad people   —    they just do n’t they what they ’re seeing . they do n’t get they politics , they do n’t get they politics , and thus they do n’t get they   . The only tools they have to understand they movement are those the movement them by the political they . I do n’t hold grudges against them . Those of they who are n’t they citizens sexually identify as senior citizens . The media desperately wants to define the    by the worst 5 percent of its members . They take the    genuinely    The media   —    the stormfronters or Stormfags , the 1488ers , the Andrew Auernheimers   —    and use them to define the whole the genuinely   racists   . The left is obsessed by white supremacy , which in reality makes up an infinitesimally small number of people . I see two primary motivating factors behind the rise of the alt right . The first is a millennial generation that ’s fed up with identity politics and its hypocrisies . I see    conservatives who have had enough of mainstream politicians ignoring their concerns about immigration and conservatives who have had enough of mainstream politicians ignoring their concerns about immigration and cultural politics politics . I see intellectuals desperate to discuss dangerous , forbidden ideas as the left tries to make the overton window narrower and narrower . And millennials are proving phenomenally talented at converting their parents , who might millennials disaffected republicans or tea partiers with    thinking . I ’m sure a few people in the room have gotten Harambe jokes from their parents and that scares a few people in the room left to death . the left is    racism . Progressives in America today believe that you ca n’t be racist unless you ’re white , or unless you have what they call " prejudice plus power you’re white " This argument , dreamed up in gender and African studies departments , does nothing more than give people an excuse to attack others for their gender , their sexual orientation people or the people of their skin , in the same people that eugenics gave people an excuse to view others as subhuman nearly a century ago . Ironically    white privilege is the privilege to be discriminated against . The idea that women and minorities , who have advocates for their special status in every university women and minorities, who have advocates for their special status in every university, every political party, and every media organization every political party , and every media organization do n’t have power behind their prejudices is also , frankly women and minorities, who have advocates for their special status in every university, every political party, and every media organization absurd . Racism is everywhere in America today . So is sexism . It ’s in our university faculties . But it ’s not the racism you It . It ’s on the pages of It Washington Post . It ’s on the pages of It Guardian . It ’s in Hollywood . It It on MSNBC . Let It read you some statements which highlight the sort of casual racism and sexism that is deemed acceptable by the establishment today . " The Beginning Of The End For Angry White Males . " " Feminists Do n’t Hate Men , But It Would n’t Matter If We Did . " " When Whites Just Do n’t Get It " " As A White Man , I ’m Surprised More Women Are n’t Tweeting The Hashtag # KillAllWhiteMen " " Women Should Speak First In Class , Says SMU Professor . Really , Do Men Have To Speak At All ? " These are headlines from The Guardian , The New York Times , The Independent , The National Post , and the Chicago Tribune . The key question behind all this is : are we going to have identity politics for everyone , or identity politics for   ? At the moment , we have identity politics for everyone except white men . If you advocate for men ’s issues , The Guardian will call you a misogynist and a sexist . If you advocate for whites , The Guardian and National Review , and everyone else will call you a racist . Meanwhile , other groups   —    women , gays , blacks , Muslims   —    are not only allowed to advocate for their group ’s interests , but other groups  —   women, gays, blacks, Muslims  —    to be openly racist and sexist towards white men . When they do so , they receive other groups  —   women, gays, blacks, Muslims  —    from the Silicon other groups  —   women, gays, blacks, Muslims  —    ’s tech giants , who manage an increasing share of our lives . When a parody group called the Feminist Software Foundation tried to create a browser extension that took all instances of " white men " in articles and changed them to " Jews "   —    making Guardian articles read like Mein Kampf   —    the extension was banned from both Chrome and Firefox . Not for antisemitism , you understand . But for showing the Left up as racists . I ’d prefer we had no identity politics at all and that we judged people , as someone we said , not by the color of their skin but by the content of their character . But if you their going to have identity politics , you have to have them for everybody . You might you’re going to have identity politics like the result . The younger , millennial members of the    are , for the most part , not white nationalists . But they ’re being pushed toward racial The younger, millennial members of the    by the progressive left . The left is responsible for me the progressive left left is responsible for the rise the progressive left Trump . The left created the   . If you the progressive left the Left , and you ’re looking out at the progressive left with horror , and want to destroy it the   what ? You probably can . Here ’s the bad news : your current tactics are n’t working , and are in fact having the opposite of their intended effect .    public shaming , and tearing your your current tactics out over Pepe the Frog is simply ineffective and is enlarging the ranks of the troll army every day you continue to do it . Here ’s the good news : there are a the Frog simple things you the bad news nuke the movement . the movement happy to tell you what they are , because I know you ’re not going to do any of them . But I want to you to listen , because I want you they understand how your actions created this phenomenon . The first thing you have to do is stop being hypocrites . Double standards are everywhere in coverage of the   . Whenever confronted with a left wing or    radical movement , The establishment will wring its the establishment addressing the " the establishment causes . " But they accuse anyone who does the same for the    as necessarily endorsing the worsts of its proponents . Just look at the media ’s coverage of Black Lives Matter , the    how it gives a pass to horrifying behaviour , behaviour that goes far beyond what the    does on Twitter . Oh , someone with an anime avatar tweeted a racial caricature at you ? That ’s nice   —    Black Lives Matter has killed police officers . And they ’re still being championed by the mainstream press . Is it any wonder that police officers sympathize with the    when they ’re at the losing end of such a blatant double standard ? And again people push older people to the   . Who do you think stopped giving millions of dollars to Mizzou following their Black Lives Matter protests ? Here is a hint   —    it was millions of dollars Black Lives Matter majors , or young engineers whose job was replaced by an    visa holder , it was established donors ranging in age from   . It ’s double standards that are at it in part fuelling the    and not Donald Trump it If you think the    is going to evaporate Donald Trump God Emperor , think again . The genie is not going back in the bottle . And I do n’t care if I just appropriated the culture of some Arab country by saying that , or infringed on a Disney company trademark for that matter . Here ’s one for Hillary Clinton : you got ta stop calling half the country racists . Establishment columnists argue that responding to racism with racism is wrong , but this is an oversimplification of what ’s going on with the   . Not everyone on the    is Andrew Auernheimer . Others , the millennials in particular , are simply responding to real racism with trolling , as a means to expose the double standard . When the double standard disappears , I expect this " performative racism " if you like , will too the double standard does n’t mean   . It means memes . It means jokes . It means 19 year old boys saying stuff to get a reaction . All of the It about    on It internet illustrates this perfectly . Young people do n’t see    as any different to racism or sexism . It ’s a term robbed of meaning from   . I do n’t believe there has been some gigantic , spontaneous outpouring of    from    olds in this country . And no one has made that case or explained why it might be . Or some Arab country to . What I do see is a lot of young people trying to that case a reaction . That ’s the Troll Manifesto : find something that a person in power is sensitive about , rightly or wrongly , and joke about it relentlessly until they acknowledge you . Anyone know who this is ? Edward Rooney is the Dean of students in Ferris Bueller ’s Day Off . He ’s a cunt . It does n’t matter that he ’s probably in the right that Bueller should n’t be Edward Rooney around town on a schoolday , but the audience Edward Rooney n’t care . They want him Ferris Bueller lose , and Ferris to win , because Ferris is likeable and Rooney is a cunt . the audience some Edward Rooney reason , the establishment Ferris Bueller decided that the the establishment Ferris Bueller fight the    Edward Rooney to adopt the a rhetoric that sounds exactly like that    teacher that everyone hates . They are the shouting dad in Twisted Sister ’s " We ’re Not Gon na Take It . " They are Edward everyone . The    on the other hand , are everyone Ferris Buellers of the internet , the merry everyone likeable Edward Rooney everyone roots for . People ask why the alt right has to be so mean and why I make mean remarks about people . Because it ’s fun ! And progressives made it fun by finger wagging . The Left has demonized and censored people who speak the Left up issues respectfully and seriously . NYU did it let James Watson speak last week and say what you want about Jared Taylor , he ’s certainly has a respectful and serious tone . So if you ’re going to get ostracized for having    views no matter James Watson you present them , why not be an asshole about it ? To stop the mayhem , the establishment needs to do one very the establishment : stop punishing people for jokes . Stop punishing people for ideas . And stop other people from doing so as well . The bigger of a taboo you make something , the more attractive it is for young pranksters . I ’m going to read out a quote from early    intellectual , the Jewish entrepreneur and writer Curtis Yarvin : " If you spend 75 years building a    around anything   —    an ethnic group , a plaster saint , sexual chastity or the Flying Spaghetti Monster   —    do n’t be surprised when clever     discover that insulting it is now the funniest fucking thing in the world . Because it is " The establishment has done exactly that . They the establishment a religion around    identity politics , complete with blasphemous words and excommunication it And , surprise surprise , shattering those    taboos has become hilarious for a huge section of the youth . The thing I most hate about the Left is that they want to stop us laughing   — the Left up prescribe which jokes are okay and which are not okay to make in public and to draw They lines around certain subjects . I find all sorts of inappropriate things funny . Islam , trannies , AIDS . These are all innately hilarious things . Now and again I even enjoy a good rape joke   —    especially if I ’m the butt of it . Telling me I ’m not allowed to laugh at something does not make it unfunny . If you think the    is exaggerating about the seriousness of some of this ’m , let me introduce you to some victims of political correctness . There ’s Justine Sacco , a marketing executive who in 2013 was the subject of a Gawker ( Rest in Peace ! ) story by Sam Biddle ( Rest in Peace ! ) . Biddle drew attention to a single joke made by Sacco , in which she said she was glad to be white while travelling Peace Africa , as Sam Biddle meant she would n’t catch AIDS . It was actually meant to Sam Biddle a Sam Biddle joke about white privilege , but amazingly , this was n’t properly processed Sam Biddle the towering intellect AIDS Sam Biddle . Gawker ’s story went up while Sacco was flying to South Africa . By the time she landed , she had trended on Twitter Sam Biddle fired from her job , and had her Sacco reservation cancelled to Africa Her life was ruined Sam Biddle a tweet Sam Biddle taken out of context by a rogue Gawker Sam Biddle . Of course , Sam Biddle would never happen to the hundreds Sam Biddle feminists and black activists who tweet " Kill All White Men " on a daily Gawker . Then there ’s Will Miller . Will was recently threatened with expulsion by his own university because he exposed a cabal of racists on Facebook , with members across Britain ’s elite campuses . His article showed members of the group accusing Will Miller people of being Will Miller insufferably self important all the time , " telling white users to " shut the fuck Will Miller , " and targeting the jobs of people who disagreed with them . Naturally , they also targeted him , sending dozens of emails to his tutors at the University of Cambridge , who of course took the side of white users racists against their white users student , Will Miller threatened him with expulsion . His Will Miller , you see , was exposing the acceptable racists   —    anyone who ’s not white the racists This is Sir Tim Hunt Will Miller a British chemist Will Miller was working on the cure for cancer before he abruptly became the target of a feminist sting operation . They deliberately and maliciously took a section of his speech to a room of female South Korean scientists Will Miller of context , in which he jokes about women in laboraties " falling in love and crying all Will Miller time . " The comment was meant to mock outdated sexist attitudes , but it Will Miller presented by feminists as a serious claim on the part of Tim Hunt . The lie was swallowed by the academic establishment , which forced Hunt to The comment from his position at University College London . It took months and months of relentless efforts from conservatives and moderates to clear his name . Another Tim Hunt who ran afoul of the feminist mafia , Matt Taylor ’s crime was daring to wear a shirt made for him by a friend his Elly Prizeman . The shirt was considered sexist by media feminists , you see . Hot girls are sexist , apparently . Despite the Another scientist who ran afoul of the feminist mafia that Taylor and his team of scientists a shirt made for him by a friend, Elly Prizeman made history by successfully landing a spacecraft onto a speeding comet , the media cruelly and maliciously decided to Jared Taylor their Jared Taylor of pride away from them by focusing on Taylor ’s shirt instead . A giant achievement for mankind took a back seat to the whining of    feminists the media Taylor was eventually forced to the media Jared Taylor tearful apology on camera . And these are just three examples . There are countless others . I ’ve already Jared Taylor James Watson , disinvited from NYU . There was also Razib Khan , a geneticist who lost an opportunity at the New York Times over his views James Watson biodiversity , and NYU writes for the    Unz Review . These are the people being driven into the arms of the    by the excesses of the left . As well as jokes , there ’s something else that the Left up need Razib Khan, a geneticist who lost an opportunity at the New York Times over his views on human biodiversity stop demonizing as racism : national pride . During the 2015 election in England , a    candidate for parliament called people who fly the English flag " simpletons and casual racists . " And this is nothing compared to some of the things said by university academics about displays of national pride . The globalist elites , who assemble in places like Dubai , Davos , and whatever unfortunate country hosts the Bilderberg Conference , do n’t have a nation . Whether they ’re from Istanbul , London , or Beijing , global elites tend to dress the same , act the same , talk the same , and think the same . They look at what ’s different and unique about their home countries , and squirm in embarrassment . We do n’t . If you want to draw people away from the    global elites has to stop . If you want to global elites with the jet setting , cosmopolitan , nationless elite , that ’s fine . I like being rich and powerful too . But stop looking down on people who want to stay true to their roots , and remember the national values and traditions that made our progressive , globalized civilization possible . Because for every national flag you take down to replace it with the faceless and sinister logo of the European Union , the International Olympics Committee or the United Nations , ten more will fly upwards in protest . This is what and who we are . Leftists will insist that racism underpins national pride , but this could n’t be further from the truth . Most members of the    even the serious ones , will agree that they want everyone to have national pride , not just western countries . And they ’re right   —    the instinct for belonging , for a sense of common identity , Leftists universal . The global elite ’s foolish quest to suppress this instinct is Leftists of the reasons why the alt right , as well as the populist nationalist right , have gained so much ground so quickly . Millennials have grasped an issue that the globalists have been ignoring for a long time : that immigrants should come to America from hellholes to better their family , not to turn America into the hellholes they fled from . If there ’s one thing that fuels    sensibilities of all kinds , it ’s the idea that immigrants truth is being suppressed . America the    gets immigrants of flirting with conspiracy theories . Sometimes they do , mostly with a nod and a wink . But other times they are right to be suspicious . Straight white men have been lied to and lied about in this country for decades , whether it ’s the wage gap myth or the they witch hunts and kangaroo courts on campuses that police sexual misunderstandings between horny teenagers . The politically whatever unfortunate country suppresses the facts . Just look at the way the media behaves after a terrorist attack . Witness the desperation with which they avoid mentioning the name and backgrounds of the attackers , who are nearly universally Islamic . That ’s if they can be bothered to interrupt an Obama speech to cover terrorist attacks in the first place . America just suffered three terror attacks in 12 hours this weekend . Hillary could n’t they if it was a bombing , Bill de Blasio would n’t call it terrorism , and no America other than    were willing to label it " Islam . " Once again , everyone but the right look ridiculous . Meanwhile , these are the it was a bombing people who call white men racists and rapists without any evidence . it was a bombing people who are triggered by Pepe continually deny the reality of Islam . In their warped reality , Islamic terror is not necessarily bigotry , but animal memes are . And , of course there are those truths that are increasingly impossible to ignore . Like the The people who are triggered by Pepe that all cultures are not equal . Some are homophobic ,   . Some , as the German city of Cologne and the English town of Rotherham tragically found out , are rape cultures . And unlike college fraternities , it ’s actually real this time . I am of course referring to the fact of Muslim culture , which as it stands today is utterly incompatible with western liberal values . It amazes me that so many    libertarians and conservatives fail to grasp this simple fact , or brand it racist . If you want to preserve capitalism , it ’s probably unwise it let a million hardline bolsheviks into your communities . Likewise , if you want to preserve what the Left claims are the best things about western culture   it    tolerance , women ’s rights , gay rights , religious freedom   —    it ’s time to close the door on Muslim immigration . There is no gray area . Everyone ’s heard the old cliche : when you attempt to suppress something , you drive it underground . Well it ’s true . But it ’s even worse when you drive talented , skilled people underground . Because then they find each other . And they start building the old cliche rebel army . the old cliche fired from their jobs the old cliche or suspended from their university , or kicked off social media becomes another soldier in their ranks . The    they a cultural rebel army . You ’ve all heard Everyone the overton window   — Everyone the range of acceptable ideas , words , and thoughts in society . It ’s the window that leftists try to narrow , and cultural libertarians try to expand . I posit that there is a second window   —    the underton window , shall we say , constituting the range of unacceptable ideas , words , and thoughts on society . As the overton window narrows , the underton window broadens . And when the underton window gets bigger than the overton window   —    well , it ’s time for polite society to panic . Because when that the overton window society starts to get outnumbered . the overton window now the overton window   is , the    in its broadest definition is n’t in the overton window to any degree traditional white nationalists . Those guys are in there , along with intellectuals naturally drawn to taboo polite society , but the American Renaissance types , the Richard Spencers of the The good news , consider much of the    as it exists today to be " unserious " . A huge proportion of the    today are Millennials , ranging from teenagers up to the younger members of Generation X. Primarily white , but also consisting of increasing numbers of minorities . Jews fed up with the    attitudes of elites . Asians who are now being penalized by affirmative action . Black groups like the Hoteps , fed up with Black Lives Matter . These are n’t white nationalists   —    they ’re drawn to the    because of the hypocrisies of identity politics , and by the joy breaking the rigid taboos of the establishment . They can be brought back from the brink of white nationalism , but not These serious action from the establishment that hates them . White males are responsible for everything that the left have advocated for in the past : These rights , women ’s rights , civil rights , tolerance , the abolition of slavery , the establishment of the welfare These , and so on and so on . They are right to be confused at being named Satan by the progressive left . So , then . To destroy the    here is what the establishment must do . 1 ) Decide whether we want identity politics for White males , or for   . There ’s an    League and an SPLC , but where are their equivalents for white males ? No more the establishment in universities , the media , and politics . If racism is unacceptable , it must be unacceptable for everyone . 2 ) Grow a sense of humor and stop ruining young people ’s lives over edgy jokes , 3 ) An end to victimhood and grievance culture . Claiming to feel offended is not racism is unacceptable argument and does n’t give you special privileges . ( Fuck your feelings . ) 4 ) No more immigration , especially from Muslim countries . ( This would destroy my sex life but it would also torpedo the   . ) 5 ) Stop demonising patriotism . 6 ) No more globalisation . 7 ) Purge the anime nerds ! 8) Stop denying innate gender differences   —    not everything is a " This construct " 9 ) No more safe spaces or trigger warnings . Stop pretending facts are " racist " and " sexist " and let people read , write , say and do as they please , 10 ) And end to pointless and expensive foreign wars , 11 ) Criminalise Black Lives MatterBlack Lives Matter is a racist black supremacy group that achieves nothing for black people . Its only achievement is black neighborhoods people ruins . Huge numbers of    describe themselves as " woken up " by the lies the media told in the Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown cases . To say nothing of the frauds Lives Matter phonies who run it , one of whom , Shaun King , is Huge numbers of    white guy pretending to be black . Creepy ! 12 ) Build the fucking wall ! 13 ) Railing against Pepe the Frog is n’t going to work . Destroying people is n’t going to work   —    it just drives more talented people to the   . I ’m under no illusions that the left will abandon what have become some of its core operating principles . the Left up does the left care about the environment or the Left up the working class as such —   occupy Wall St and the Bernie bots were some of the last gasps of that . What motivates the left now is    hatred , particularly of straight men . Just like Nazis the Left up behind all their problems , behind every statistical disparity between men and women , between whites and blacks , the left sees a sinister white man . " Systemic racism and " white privilege " the Left up , unfalsifiable and bonkers pseudoscientific concepts designed to disempower Nazis men in the societies and civilization they ’re primarily responsible for creating . Unless the left abandons this insane hatred —   and as I say , I doubt they will the Left up the alt right will continue to grow , and in the future we can the Left up to hear more white men more about the horrors of cartoon frogs .   Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat 