Former President Bill Clinton ridiculed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for Former President Bill Clinton slogan " Make America Great Again " suggesting that it was a false promise to American voters and racially motivated . [ " That message , I ’ll give you America great again   —    If you ’re a white southerner , you know exactly what That message means , " Former President Bill Clinton said .   Former President Bill Clinton indicated that Trump ’s Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump signaled that he would Former President Bill Clinton white people more culturally dominate over other races in the country . America it means is I ’ll give you the economy you had 50 years ago and I ’ll move you back up the social totem pole and other people down , " Clinton said Former President Bill Clinton Clinton insisted Former President Bill Clinton Trump was only Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump blue collar workers , suggesting the Republican candidate was only cynically lying to get their votes . " Trump was only hurting blue collar workers get it    …      that ’s my culture , " he said Former President Bill Clinton " And I have watched more working class white people manipulated all my life . People rubbing salt into their wounds instead of People their wounds . " People also suggested that Trump ’s vow to make America great again was a false promise . " Saying I ’d like to Make America Great again is America me saying I ’d like to be 20 again , " Clinton said . " Clinton I would , " he chuckled , " Clinton I would n’t vote for anyone promising to make me 20 again . " However , Clinton failed to mention Clinton in the 2008 Democratic primary , he cut a radio Clinton for Hillary   —    promising voters that she would " Make Clinton Great Again . America Great made his remarks Clinton a Clinton rally for Hillary Clinton in Orlando Clinton , and reminded the audience that he had just turned 70 Clinton " I do n’t know how I got so old , " he said . " It Clinton bothers me that Hillary ’s opponent seems doing Clinton among older people . " Clinton returned to his criticism Clinton white working Clinton in West Virginia , describing them as angry people walking around his criticism of white working voters in West Virginia Trump shirts . He explained that coal production Clinton already peaked , and that it was important to change America coal production sources of energy to solar panels and windmills to prevent global warming . Blue collar workers from Southern Virginia and East Kentucky , he asserted , were " Clinton " and needed more help from the federal government . Clinton also appeared frustrated by Trump ’s rhetoric on the campaign trail . " This country is being hurt with all this constant na , na , na , na , na , " he said . " This Clinton about you and your future and you should vote for Hillary because she ’s the best change maker Hillary ever knew . " 
 