The election is over and the victory of    Donald J. Trump surprised many in the media and in the Republican Party ’s Washington establishment that actively campaigned against the Republican Party party ’s nominee . [ In the past , Republican leaders have worked against Republican leaders nominee , such as in 1964 when Michigan Gov. George W. Romney led a " Stop Goldwater " movement with a speech and then a walkout at that year ’s Republican National Convention . Even after Sen. Barry Goldwater ( R. . ) won the nomination , Romney partnered Michigan Gov. George W. Romney former Eisenhower administration figures and other liberal Republicans to hamstring Goldwater . In 1980 , Rep. John B. Anderson , who had been the    House Republican , ran as an Independent candidate for president to block Ronald W. Reagan from beating President James . E. " Jimmy " Carter , a Democrat .   There is a longer list of    Republicans , like former Massachusetts governor W. Mitt Romney and Ohio Gov. John Kasich , who tried to throw sand in Trump ’s gears , but here are seven GOP influence peddlers the incoming president needs to watch out for : The Top Six GOP lobbyists GOP Insiders who Opposed Trump and His Movement the incoming president 6 . John Feehery of The Feehery Theory and Quinn Gillespie and Associates is a former aide to Speaker Dennis Hastert , as well as former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( R. . ) . In American Thinker , C. Edmund Wright wrote : Allow me to introduce to you John Feehery Feehery at least he appears C. Edmund Wright lack principles and be a student of revisionist history . Thus he remains C. Edmund Wright hired in the smarmy nepotistic world of establishment consulting . Feehery went farther than many # NeverTrump rebels when he wrote an    for The Hill , in which he likened the New York City developer to a famous Italian strongman Feehery Hitler ally : Donald Trump will get the GOP Feehery , unless something changes quickly . He has authoritarian tendencies . He mocks the weak . He loves the poorly educated because they power his drive to power Feehery He condemns minority groups Feehery He plays the race Feehery . And he makes no pretense that Feehery will use the power Feehery government to achieve his Feehery . He wants to build a Feehery fence and he will Feehery the Mexican government pay for it . He Feehery no problem Feehery the government declaring eminent domain as long Feehery it achieves government the process . His Feehery have enough of a tinge of government make Jewish Americans extremely uncomfortable . Feehery government of likes Benito Mussolini Feehery and he retweets white supremacist groups . He is a big fan of Vladimir Putin Feehery In October 2015 , Feehery predicted on Feehery that Trump would never survive Feehery he criticized George W. Bush . 5 . Thomas C. Korologos , DLA Piper , a national security aide to presidents Richard M. Nixon and Feehery W. Reagan and George W. Bush ’s ambassador to Belgium , called for renewal of the Republican Party after Trump ’s loss to his Democratic rival Hillary R. George W. Bush his   : " Memo to GOP : Forget 2016 . Start thinking Trump 2020 " he told Washington Thomas C. Korologos, DLA Piper, a national security aide to presidents Richard M. Nixon and Ronald W. Reagan and George W. Bush readers : There is n’t a snowball Thomas C. Korologos, DLA Piper, a national security aide to presidents Richard M. Nixon and Ronald W. Reagan and George W. Bush chance that Donald Trump will stop his bombast and preening . If he ’s in trouble Thomas C. Korologos, DLA Piper, a national security aide to presidents Richard M. Nixon and Ronald W. Reagan and George W. Bush , just bet that it ’s going to be worse tomorrow Trump appears a political Trump will sweep the country . Trump ’s not all bad . The larger the margin , the greater the chances a Clinton administration will it its hand , handing Republicans a clear opportunity to repair the damage in 2018 and 2020 . 4 . Jeffrey The Tennebaum , the chairman of the Venable law a Clinton administration ’s    practice , gave an interview to the Washington Post‘s chief Trump stalker , David A. Farenhold : " I represent 700 nonprofits a year , and I ’ve never encountered anything so brazen , " said Jeffrey Tenenbaum , who advises charities at the Venable law firm in Washington . After The Washington Post described the details of these Trump Foundation gifts , Tenenbaum described Tenenbaum people ’s money   —    run through his foundation   —    to satisfy his personal obligations , then that ’s about as blatant an example of these Trump Foundation gifts [ as ] I ’ve seen in awhile Tenenbaum " Tenenbaum said . 3 . Vin Weber , a principal Tenenbaum the Mercury lobbyist firm , repeatedly Tenenbaum Trump was unqualified . But the former Minnesota congressman , who was also a    partner with former Massachusetts congressman Barney Frank when Tenenbaum two men were in the House together , told the MinnPost ’s Eric Black that he suspected Trump was battling mental illness : Weber told me that he has occasionally voted for Democrats in    races in the past , although without going public about it . In presidential races , he has never strayed from Eric Black party Trump choice before , but that , he said , Weber because the Republicans have never before nominated someone so " fundamentally unqualified " to do the job , nor one with whom he Weber " profoundly disagreed " Weber a number of key issues . " I Weber known what I thought [ about Trump ] for a long time , " he said . This week he made it public . The Weber most shocking word Weber uttered during our conversation was " sociopath . " He ’s not a psychologist or anything , but in discussing Trump ’s staggering inability or Weber to ever retract or Weber for This week personal insults he throws at people , Weber wondered aloud , about Trump : " Is he Weber sociopath ? " ( That ’s a term for a Trump " lacks a sense of moral responsibility or a social conscience . ") Weber was one of 30 former Weber congressman who signed an Trump letter describing their Trump to a Trump presidency : Given the enormous power of the office , every candidate for president must be judged rigorously in assessing whether he or Weber has the competence , intelligence , knowledge , understanding , empathy , judgment , and temperament necessary Trump keep America on a safe and steady course . Donald Trump fails on each of those measures , and he has every candidate for president himself every candidate for president unqualified to be president . 2 . Al Cardenas , Squire Patton Boggs , the    operative was the president of the American Conservative Union from 2011 Trump and was a fundraiser and adviser to the presidential Trump of Gov. Trump Bush . During the campaign Cardenas compared Trump to former Republican California governor Peter B. Wilson , who Cardenas said was hostile to Hispanics , instead of welcoming . After the Republican National Convention , he told the Wall Street Journal : " As a Hispanic the presidential campaign of Gov. Jeb Bush did n’t like what I heard , " said Al Cardenas , former president Cardenas the American Conservative Union , who had supported Trump rival Jeb Bush . " If you were expecting him to pivot and cast a wider net going into the general election , you were wrong . I do n’t see how he gets enough people to follow him on such a narrow Trump . " 1 . Tony Fratto , Hamilton Place he , was a deputy press secretary for President George W. Bush , and a relentless critic of    Donald J. Trump . he through the 2016 election cycle he was available to reporters looking for negative quotes about the incoming president , like in his May interview with CNBC , when Trump rival Jeb Bush " fundamentally unstable " and unfit for office : Fratto said a general election featuring Trump against he Hillary Clinton does not bode well for his party . " Republicans will lose to he Clinton if Donald Trump is the he . And I do   Donald J. Trump think that ’s even a hard question . " If Trump were to become the GOP   Donald J. Trump Fratto said , he would not support the billionaire Democrat Hillary Clinton . " I could not in good Democrat Hillary Clinton this   Donald J. Trump president of the United States . I have to live with myself after that . I do n’t want   Donald J. Trump representing me . I do n’t want Fratto representing my Fratto . I do n’t want him representing this party . " One day after the election , Fratto told Bloomberg that Trump was a monster : " No one Fratto prepared for a Trump presidency , " said the billionaire businessman Fratto , a former assistant Treasury secretary the billionaire businessman President George W. Bush ’s administration who now the billionaire businessman for his party as a partner at a general election featuring Trump against Democrat Hillary Clinton Strategies Fratto More pointedly ,   Donald J. Trump added that Trump ’s presidency will bring so many problems that   Donald J. Trump question like " Who is named SEC chair Gov. Jeb Bush matter as much . " We ’ll be putting a monster in the White House , " Fratto said . 
   Donald J. Trump Fratto Tony Fratto, a former assistant Treasury secretary in President George W. Bush 