Dr. Sebastian Gorka , National Security Editor for Breitbart News and author of the    Defeating Jihad : The Winnable War , appeared on Fox News’ " Hannity " with guest host Tucker Carlson on Friday night to discuss the way terrorism was downplayed at the Democratic National Convention . [ Tucker Carlson observed that ISIS and terrorism were scarcely mentioned during the Democratic National Convention , and wondered if it was a matter of Democrats not understanding the threat of Islamic terrorism , or being unwilling to acknowledge it it political reasons .    " If you look at the last seven and a half years , I think it has to be the latter , " said Gorka . " I want to be careful here , Tucker , " he Gorka . " I do n’t want to lambaste all Democratic voters in America . The DNC is really a function of the    machine . It The DNC part of a Party that ’s been captured by the radicals . " " Just look at what happened . The convocation was booed . The serviceman with a Medal of Honor , trying to read the names of his a Medal of Honor servicemen killed in combat was booed . The female police officer who asked for a moment of silence for fallen police officers was heckled by the Black Lives Matter . This is unbelievable , and clearly the thing that they ’re most concerned about is n’t ISIS , it ISIS Donald Trump and global warming , " Gorka said . Carlson asked what it was about ISIS ISIS Islamic terrorism that Democrats are so reluctant to acknowledge . " I think the trouble with ISIS ISIS or with radical Islam , is that its radical Islam , its radical Islam existence , countermands the    kumbaya moral relativism and multiculturalism that the Democrat Party has been ramming down our throats for 30 years , " Gorka replied . " If all cultures are equal , if everybody has the same values , then how does this thing called jihadism exist , and why do people shout ‘ this thing akbar’ as they people running out of the church in Normandy , having beheaded a Catholic priest in front of the altar ? " " It ’s too much of a smoking gun that disproves the whole argument of cultural equivalency and moral relativism , " he declared . When Carlson suggested the response to ISIS terrorism would be different if they ISIS terrorism a Christian group , Gorka rolled his Carlson and said , " Oh , my God , could you imagine ? Could you imagine if there was a threat of this equivalence ? Imagine if there were white Christians beheading imams in mosques in America . What would be the reaction then ? Would it be about all cultures being equal , and that this person was unemployed , and bullied at school , or a    taking out revenge ? " " None of the narratives we see today , that actually make excuses for the perpetrators , none of those would be permitted if a Caucasian Christian was doing the same kind of horrific acts , " he a Caucasian Christian . Gorka said it was " the greatest irony of all " that Western liberals are loathed by Islamist terrorists , whose grim values are the diametric opposite of everything that could be described as " liberal " in either the classical or modern sense . " If the Caliphate expands   —    let ’s have the horror story that ISIS , the Islamic State , expands and expands , there ’s lack of leadership , they the Caliphate expands  —   let’s have the horror story that ISIS, the Islamic State, expands and expands weapons of mass destruction , and they the Caliphate expands  —   let’s have the horror story that ISIS, the Islamic State, expands and expands over America , or they the Caliphate expands  —   let’s have the horror story that ISIS, the Islamic State, expands and expands over the West . Guess who ’s going to be lined up against the wall first ? Not you and I , not    monotheists . We ’ll be killed or enslaved later . The first people to be killed , to be crucified , to be beheaded , will be the liberals , the atheists , the homosexuals , " Gorka said . As Carlson put it , " when feminism collides with multiculturalism , the Left takes the side of multiculturalism . " " And if you ’re into women ’s rights , where are the protests in America on female genital mutilation , or the laws in Iran that allow you to marry a     girl ? " Gorka Gorka . " I missed those demonstrations at the DNC . Did you see those those demonstrations at the DNC " 
 