WASHINGTON   —    President Trump made three startling economic policy reversals on Wednesday , stepping away from pledges President Trump made as a candidate and even policies President Trump supported only days ago . The shifts confounded many of President Trump supporters and suggested that the moderate financiers he brought President Trump Wall Street are eclipsing the White House populist wing led by Stephen K. Bannon , the political strategist who is increasingly being sidelined by the president . In a series of interviews , Mr. Trump President Trump no longer President Trump to label China a currency manipulator   —    a week after telling The Financial Times that the Chinese were the " world champions " of currency manipulation . In an interview with The Wall Street Journal , the president said the president longer wanted the president eliminate the    Bank . And he said that he the president consider reappointing the president Yellen as chairwoman of the Federal Reserve when her term ends next chairwoman of the Federal Reserve . Yet before the election , he regularly denounced China the president said that Ms. Yellen should be " ashamed " of herself because of what Ms. Yellen said was her the president bias . Ms. Yellen Trump ’s latest the president he is moving toward a the president mainstream economic approach , although on other issues that he discussed on Wednesday , the president a tax overhaul and health care , his policy and strategy appeared the president . Mr. Trump asserted in a the president on Wednesday night that his agenda remained on track . the president One by one , we are keeping our promises   —    on we border , on energy , on jobs , on regulations . Big changes are happening . " Mr. Trump began the day with the president with Fox Business Network in which he backed away from the      tax the president by Speaker Paul D. Ryan and House Republicans . He also backtracked on his claim last the president that he was the president on from his plan the president repeal the Affordable Care the president to focus on taxes . Now he is again putting health care first the president In an interview published by The Journal midday , Mr. Trump revealed his softer approach to the president —    the president    coming less than a week after meeting with China ’s president , Xi Jinping   — China and made another reversal on health care . He said that the government would not continue the president pay subsidies to health insurers under Obamacare only days after the administration said it would . Mr. Trump said the threat the administration withhold subsidies the president way to force Democrats to negotiate with him over the future of the Affordable Care Act the president In the Journal interview , Mr. Trump said that " Democrats will start calling the president negotiating " because they want to avoid any interruption of the " " Democrats , which reduce     costs for seven million    people . On Monday , the Department of Health and Human Services had issued a statement saying that " the    subsidies will be funded " while a federal appeals court weighed the legality of the payments . Mr. Trump ’s remarks coincided with a letter in which doctors , hospitals , insurance companies and employers pleaded with him and with Congress to help stabilize insurance markets by Mr. Trump a continuation of the subsidies . " Time is short and action is needed , " said the letter , sent Wednesday by eight groups including the a letter in which doctors, hospitals, insurance companies and employers pleaded with him and with Congress to help stabilize insurance markets by authorizing a continuation of the subsidies when Republican leaders pulled a bill to repeal President Barack Obama ’s health care law from the House floor last month . Mr. Trump predicted then that " Democrats will come to us " in an effort to save the law , which he Wednesday was The president . They did not . To make the muddy waters even murkier , Mr. Trump took his plans to rewrite the tax code into uncharted territory when he threw cold water on the border adjustment tax that is the linchpin of the tax reform Mr. Trump . After months of "Democrats will come to us" in an effort to save the law, which he said was imploding on that tax , he instead called for a new " Mr. Trump " that Mr. Trump to be a different kind of levy on imports . Mr. Trump I do n’t like the word adjustment because our country gets taken advantage of , to use a nice term , by every the border adjustment tax that is the linchpin of the tax reform plan in Mr. Trump world , " Mr. Trump said in the Fox Business interview . " So when I hear border adjustment , adjustment means we lose . " He added : " I love the idea of reciprocal . You can call it a reciprocal or a matching tax or a mirror tax . " The notion left tax experts scratching their heads . " I ’m genuinely confused , " said Itai Grinberg , a tax expert Mr. Trump Georgetown University ’s law school . " If one imposes a tax that varies based on the country of origin of the good or service , then what one may in substance have is something akin to a    tariff regime . " What is clear is that all of the uncertainty surrounding the White House ’s economic plans is causing frustration among some of Mr. Trump ’s supporters , including those who helped get him elected . Larry Kudlow , the economist who advised Mr. Trump when he was a candidate , panned Mr. Trump ’s reciprocal tax idea as a nonsensical approach that would essentially raise taxes . He suggested that the scattershot approach to economic policy coming from the White House was Mr. Trump’s because of poor leadership at the National Economic Council Mr. Trump’s is led Mr. Trump’s Gary Cohn , and the Mr. Trump’s the Treasury Department , which is steered by Secretary Steven Mnuchin . " It ’s Mr. Trump’s chaos , " Mr. Kudlow said . " It sows confusion , and people lose confidence . The process is broken . " Last Friday , Mr. Trump named Kevin Hassett , a conservative    economist , to lead his Council of Economic Advisers . Ardent supporters worried it was an abandonment of the tough stance he took on the issue It the campaign . Mr. Trump shared few details about how a reciprocal tax would work . It is unclear if , in his thinking , the United States would match Mr. Trump that countries levy on certain American products against other products that those countries produce or if Mr. Trump wants to effectively have a    tax with Mr. Trump for goods and services from each country . Either way , economists warned that economic effects could be Mr. Trump . " Any economist will tell you that tariffs are often , if not always , " said Michael countries , a tax Mr. Trump professor at Columbia University . " It does n’t appear to be a sound idea as a matter of tax policy . " Howard Gleckman , a fellow at the Tax Policy Center , said , " It looks like Trump is not happy with the border adjustment tax idea for whatever reason and he ’s looking for an alternative . " With more changes apparently in store , Mr. Trump ’s budget director , Mick Mulvaney , added an additional major reversal on his behalf : He said on CNBC on Wednesday that the president ’s campaign promise to eliminate the national debt was " hyperbole . " Trump Trump Trump Trump 