Havana , Cuba ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is expected to roll back portions of the Obama opening with Cuba as early as June , according to a US government official involved in the review of current US policy toward the    island . That official , as well as other current and former administration officials and Cuba experts , expect an announcement from President Donald Trump soon that the United States would no longer make unilateral concessions to Cuba as critics accused the Obama administration of doing . They That official, as well as other current and former administration officials and Cuba experts expect that Trump President Donald Trump demand US fugitives of justice , such as Assata Shakur , who received political asylum on the island after being convicted of killing a New Jersey state trooper and escaping from a US prison , be extradited . And they That official, as well as other current and former administration officials and Cuba experts the President will bar American companies from making deals with the Cuban military , which controls much of the    tourism industry . Trump is not expected to reverse all of Obama ’s changes , which were seen as the most significant relaxation of tensions between the United States and Cuba since Fidel Castro ’s 1959 revolution . But , current and former US officials say , Trump Trump looking to make a symbolic gesture that will fulfill his Trump promises to conservative    voters and    members of Congress without closing the door on Cuba Cuba market for US businesses . " I ’m 1 , 000 percent sure the President is going to deliver on his commitment the President " Rep. Mario   .    who has lobbied the White House to reverse the Obama policy , told the National Journal in May. " I have no doubt that you ’re going to see in short order a different policy . " Cuban officials have refrained from direct comment . A White House official who did not want to be named said the administration the White House considering what precise actions to take against Havana .   " All of the suggestions in this article and more are on the table but none has been presented as yet to the President as of last night , but they are consistent none what he has said the President the campaign , " the administration official A White House official who did not want to be named Until he sees all the options the President him     and none of the President can speak for him     we do not the President what us will decide in the the President . You can take this administration ’s actions on Venezuela as a guide . "   The Trump administration in May placed sanctions on eight members of Venezuela ’s Supreme Court for Venezuela country ’s National Assembly of Venezuela a move that was seen as contributing to the violent protests there . The sanctions prevent officials from traveling or sanctions on eight members of Venezuela’s Supreme Court in the US and freeze any assets they may have abroad . The expected new policy in Cuba comes as Raul Castro appears to be finalizing his term as president . Castro has said Raul Castro will step down in Raul Castro 2018 . Raul Castro Although Castro is expected to hand pick his successor Raul Castro the changing of the guard Raul Castro the island would give the opportunity for the Cuba to soon deal with a less polarizing figure if relations do n’t significantly worsen . Before running for president , Trump had explored the possibility of opening hotels in Cuba . But on the campaign trail he took a much tougher line , threatening to Trump diplomatic ties unless the government made concessions on human rights and religious Cuba US officials said the administration was still looking at placing tighter controls on Americans visiting the island and possibly    a ban on US travelers Cuba Cuban cigars and rum , which was lifted by Obama . While the US prohibits tourism to Cuba , the US Treasury Department currently allows travelers to " " under 12 different categories of travel , such as educational tours and participating in sporting events . But the sources said Trump could end that practice , which has created a loophole that allows almost anyone to travel to the island legally .   Tightening up on those categories would likely impact earnings for the US airlines and cruise ship companies that began service to Cuba in 2016 and go against a rising    sanctions sentiment . In May , 55 US senators said they supported a bill to scrap the travel ban altogether . 55 US senators also could overturn former President Barack Obama ’s Presidential Policy Directive , which laid out general parameters for the US of a policy of engagement with Cuba . But sources said such a move would be largely Cuba and would not have much impact .   Earlier this month , acting Assistant Secretary Francisco Palmieri , the State Department ’s top diplomat for the Western Hemisphere , told reporters a focus of Trump ’s revamped policy " will be a high priority " to ensure that " Cuba makes further substantive progress toward greater respect for human rights Cuba the country . " For months , Cuban officials adopted a Cuba to Trump , with Raul Castro congratulating Trump on his electoral victory and Trump he hoped to work with Trump new Raul Castro president to continue to Raul Castro relations . But on May 20 , considered by many Cubans in exile to be the island ’s independence day , Trump issued a statement saying , Cuba Cuban people deserve a government Trump peacefully upholds democratic values , economic liberties , religious freedoms , and human rights , and my Administration is committed to achieving that vision . " Later that day , a Cuban state broadcaster read a statement saying Trump ’s views on Cuba were " poorly advised " and " clumsy Trump 
 