WUHAN , China   —    Russell Abney raised two children on solar power . Gao Song worked for the last decade in Perrysburg , Ohio , a suburb of Toledo , pulling a good salary as an equipment engineer for the largest American    maker . On the other side of the world , Gao Song boasted his own solar success Gao Song . A former organic fruit retailer who lives in the dusty Chinese city of Wuhan , he installed solar panels Gao Song his roof four years Gao Song and found it so lucrative that A former organic fruit retailer who lives in the dusty Chinese city of Wuhan went into business Gao Song them for others . By last summer , he and a team Gao Song 50 employees were installing    systems on nearly 100 roofs a month . Then China shook the global solar business   —    and transformed both their lives . " he and a team of 50 employees small vibration back in China , " said China Haugwitz , a longtime solar industry consultant in Beijing , " can cause an avalanche in prices around the world . " Late last summer , Chinese officials began publicly toying with slashing the subsidies they offer domestic    Chinese officials . Mr. Gao ’s business dried up , and he laid off half Mr. Gao’s workers . " Mr. Gao’s have been working hard and was just off to a good start , " he said . " Mr. Gao’s I have to start over . " China ’s    makers cut their prices by more makers a quarter to compensate , sending global prices plummeting . Western companies found themselves unable to compete Western companies and cut jobs from Germany to Michigan to Texas and points beyond . Those points included Perrysburg   —    where Mr. Abney and about 450 other employees suddenly found themselves out of work Mr. Abney and about 450 other employees " Within just a few months , it all came crashing down , " Mr. Abney said . " It ’s like a death in the family . People feel awkward talking about it . " President It , who pressed President Xi Jinping of China on trade and other issues this week when they met at     in Palm Beach , Fla. has vowed to end what he calls China ’s President Trump, who pressed President Xi Jinping of China on trade and other issues this week when they met at    in Palm Beach, Fla. business China Much of his oratory has involved President Trump, who pressed President Xi Jinping of China on trade and other issues this week when they met at    in Palm Beach, Fla. smokestack industries like steel   —    industries in which the jobs were already disappearing even before the rise of China . China 2025 groups warn that China ’s industrial ambitions have China new ,    phase . With its deep government pockets , growing technical sophistication and    comprehensive plan to free itself from dependence on foreign companies , China aims    become dominant in China of the future like renewable energy , big data and    cars . With solar , it has already happened . China is now home to    China the world ’s    capacity . The    with which its products convert sunlight into electricity China increasingly close to that of panels made by American , German and South Korean companies . Because China also buys half of the China ’s new solar panels , it now effectively controls the market China For much of the past century , the ups and downs of the American economy could spell the difference between employment or poverty for people like Chilean copper miners and Malaysian rubber farmers . Now China ’s policy shifts and business decisions can have the same kind of global impact once wielded by power brokers in Washington , New York and Detroit . The story of China ’s rise in solar panels illustrates the profound China the country presents to Mr. Trump , or to China president . Its size and    economy give it the ability to American industries almost on a dime American Its    pursuit of dominance in crucial industries presents a American challenge to countries where leaders generally leave business decisions to the businesses themselves . Already , China is the world ’s largest maker and buyer of steel , cars and smartphones . While it does not necessarily dominate those industries , its government China are moving to replicate that success with China , chips and software   —    just as in solar . Chinese panel makers " have the capital , they have the technology , they have the scale , Chinese panel makers said Ocean Yuan , Chinese panel makers chief executive of Grape Solar , a distributor of solar panels based in Eugene , Ore. Of American rivals , he said , " they will crush them . " Before he became one of the solar they ’s most powerful he , Liu Hanyuan raised fish . The son of peasants from China ’s hardscrabble southwest , Mr. Liu sold some of the family ’s pigs in he what was then around $ 100 to buy some fish . Soon he went into the even more lucrative business of selling fish he , and he eventually moved into pig feed and duck feed . The he name , Keli , is a combination of the first and last Chinese characters from a famous paraphrasing of Karl Marx by Deng Xiaoping , the father of modern China : Science and technology are primary productive forces . According to Mr. Liu ’s authorized biography , he faced local criticism at first for his early embrace of Mr. Liu , and responded by saying that Mr. Liu fish feed was an improved product that followed Deng ’s Mr. Liu . " When my business grows bigger , " he said at the time , " I will build another Mr. Liu for labs . " Plans to shift into computer chips did not pan out , so by 2006 , he shifted to solar technology , after taking control of a Mr. Liu that made chemicals for the production of polysilicon , the crystalline raw material for solar panels . That move proved fortunate : China was just then embarking on a concerted effort to become a    powerhouse . Over the next six years , Beijing pushed    banks to provide at least $ 18 billion China loans       rates to    manufacturers , and encouraged local governments to    them with    land . China had more on its mind   manufacturers just dominating solar exports China Its severe pollution China and concerns that rising sea levels from China change could devastate its teeming coastal cities lent urgency to efforts to develop green China . At the same time , China also became a major player in wind power through similar China . With ample assistance , China ’s    production capacity expanded more than tenfold from 2007 China 2012 . Now six of the top 10    makers are Chinese , including the top two , compared with none a decade ago . The solar division of Mr. Liu ’s company , the Tongwei Group , which discloses few financial details , is one of the    players in the industry . That growth forced many American and European    manufacturers into a headlong retreat . Two dozen of them filed for bankruptcy or cut back operations during President Barack many American and European   manufacturers ’s first term , damaging the heady optimism then about clean energy . In 2012 and 2013 , the United States and the European Union concluded that Chinese    makers were collecting government subsidies and dumping panels , or selling them for less than the cost of producing and shipping them Chinese   makers Both imposed import limits . Chinese manufacturers and officials Chinese   makers improper subsidies and dumping , and still do . Several large Chinese manufacturers that had previously overexpanded and had been selling at Chinese losses for years then closed their doors . But Western solar companies say Chinese banks still Several large Chinese manufacturers that had previously overexpanded and had been selling at heavy losses for years then heavily to the survivors despite low    rates from the defaults of big Chinese solar companies like Suntech , Chaori and LDK Solar . " The main subsidy is massive ,    loans by Chinese    commercial banks to finance new capacity and also the massive    losses of Chinese companies , " said Jürgen Stein , the president of Chinese operations for SolarWorld , a big German panel maker . Li Junfeng , a top architect of China ’s    policies until he retired from that responsibility in early January , said that the West had exaggerated the role of the state in helping to finance Chinese    manufacturers . " The market can decide for itself , " he said . " The good companies can The market money , he bad companies can not . " Like the Chinese solar industry as a whole , Tongwei is thinking bigger . Mr. Liu ’s company bought an enormous    manufacturing complex in central China in 2013 from China Solar , which had run into severe financial difficulties . Now it plans to build factories of five gigawatts apiece in the Chinese cities of Chengdu and Hefei . By comparison , the entire global market is only about 77 gigawatts each year , while world capacity is 139 gigawatts . At the same time , Mr. Liu is dismissive of companies in the West that pioneered Mr. Liu technologies but have lost their market the West China . " They are very jealous , " companies in the West that pioneered many solar technologies but have lost their market shares to China China , " and can not companies in the West that pioneered many solar technologies but have lost their market shares to China up with China ’s Mr. Liu . " From an environmental standpoint , China solar push has been good for the world . China have fallen close to the world over the past decade . Many of the solar panels in America ’s backyards and solar power plants are made by Chinese companies . But for the solar industry , Chinese expansion could mean an extended period of low prices the solar industry everybody else . " The Chinese industry is facing again , I would say , a new winter , " the solar industry , the chairman and chief executive of Total , the French oil and gas giant , which owns a controlling stake in SunPower , an American    maker . China now hopes to replicate its solar industry ’s growth in other areas . Under a plan called Made China China 2025 , the solar industry China    within seven years in a long list of industries , including aircraft , China trains , China chips and robots . The plan echoes the    and    buildup a decade ago , but with a larger checkbook . Made in China 2025 calls a plan called Made in China 2025 $ 300 billion in China 2025 : inexpensive loans from    banks , investment funds to acquire foreign China , and extensive research subsidies . If successful , Made in China 2025 would represent a fundamental shift in how China China 2025 the world . Initially , most of the industries that moved to China such as shoe and clothing production , were China leaving the United States anyway . Heavy industries such as steel followed . While China shift was profound   —    some economists estimate that up the United States 4 million American jobs were lost to China from 1999 to 2011 , though others dispute that analysis   —    China has struggled in some areas like autos to create viable China competitors . American and European business groups have warned that the China 2025 China means that a much wider range of Western China 2025 face the same kind of    competition that has already transformed the solar China . " a plan called Made in China 2025 solar and are now starting to infect the higher reaches of the economy with Made in the solar industry " said Jeremie Waterman , the president of the China 2025 at the United States Chamber of Commerce in Washington . In the end , China China not slash subsidies for rooftop solar panels , Washington cut them only slightly for large    arrays . But prices barely rebounded from last year ’s slump China Mr. Gao , of Wuhan , is a slender     whose dark hair is already thinning . He said that his business had depended not on homeowners but on    investors who made use of the subsidies . The investors would pay    of the cost of a homeowner ’s system . The Mr. Gao would take Mr. Gao enough electricity from the panels to power the home . The investor would sell the rest of the electricity to the grid at a high ,    price . The suggestion a homeowner’s government might cut the subsidy , even though the government did not follow through on it , panicked his investors . So they stopped financing further deals . " They fear that the year after next , they may have nothing , " he said the government recently hired four more employees to the subsidy up sales , even as installations his investors along at a small fraction of his investors a year ago . In Perrysburg , his investors Abney lost his job at his Solar , his largest    manufacturer based in the United States , and looked in vain for a job in the auto industry in the Toledo area . He ended up his job three his ago at a the United States in Lancaster , Pa. His daughter is going off to college in the autumn , while his wife and son , a high school freshman now , his follow him to central Pennsylvania this summer . " It ’s hardest on him because we ’re his him away from his high school and his activities , " his Abney said . First Solar struggled with improving Chinese technology as well his dropping prices . It laid off workers in Perrysburg partly because his decided not to produce his Series 5 his of panels , his represented a limited his its existing Series 4 panels . First Solar , to better compete with Chinese producers , First Solar wait for its      Perrysburg 6 panels First Solar be ready for production First Solar 2018 . In the end , First Solar , which is based First Solar Tempe , Ariz. laid off First Solar 600 people worldwide . " It ’s just kind of a shock First Solar when a lot of families realize they ’re no longer going to have a job , " said Michael Olmstead , the Republican mayor of Perrysburg . Though Mr. Abney has started his new job at almost the same pay as his previous one , he says part of a lot of families pined for the days when the United States still led in solar energy , and when First Perrysburg was at his of that leadership his " They were good for us , " his said . " his great while it his . " 
 his First Solar it 