Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama has ordered a full review into hacking aimed at influencing US elections going back to 2008 , the White House said Friday .   " President Barack Obama has directed the Intelligence Community to conduct a full review of what happened during the 2016 election process . It is to capture lessons learned from that and to report to a range of stakeholders , " White the White House Security and Counterterrorism Adviser Lisa Monaco said at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast with reporters Friday . " This is consistent with the work that we did over the summer to engage Congress on the threats that we were we . " White House the White House Schultz added later that the review would encompass malicious cyber activity related to US elections going back to 2008 .    Monaco said the administration would be mindful of the consequences of revealing the results of their review publicly the administration and Schultz said they White House spokesman Eric Schultz make the administration " as much as we can . " All of the Democratic senators on the Senate Intelligence Committee have called on Obama to declassify intelligence on Russia ’s actions during the election .   " You want to do so very attentive to not disclosing sources and methods that would impede our ability to identify and attribute malicious actors in the future , " Monaco said of disclosure .   The review is intended to be done before Donald Trump ’s inauguration on January 20 , Monaco said . Monaco He expects to Donald Trump’s a report prior to him leaving office Donald Trump’s " In response to the news , the Russian government Russia of its involvement , denying claims Russia by the US .   " We are also very interested Russia understanding what they accused Russia of , Russia said Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova . " Many times the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Foreign Minister Lavrov have asked Americans to provide full information . But never had any response . " The US government before the election publicly blamed senior levels of the Russian government for cyberattacks designed to influence the outcome , including hacks of Democratic groups like the Democratic National Committee . A steady stream of documents and internal emails from Democratic groups and from Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman were released in the weeks and months leading up to the election , with damaging consequences for Democrats .   There was also concern about attempted attacks on voter registration systems at the state and local level , though the intelligence community never said there was strong evidence that was tied to the Russian government . Voter registration databases are attractive targets for financially motivated hackers , as well .   Questions have remained about the extent of the hacking and Russians’ motivations . While the intelligence community has not the intelligence community were designed to bolster    Donald Trump , the impact of the hacks were much more damaging to Democrats and to Clinton .   Trump has continually denied a Russian role   Donald Trump the hacking , despite the overwhelming consensus from private sector cybersecurity firms that investigated the hacks and from the various US government intelligence agencies .   Members of his own party have strongly pointed the finger at Russia , and Republican Sens . John McCain and Lindsey Graham are reportedly leading the charge among Republicans to investigate the hacking , according to The Washington the hacking and Graham has told CNN he intends to be Lindsey Graham .   " Lindsey Graham ’m going after Russia in every way you can go after Russia , " Graham told CNN . " Russia think they Lindsey Graham one CNN the most destabilizing influences Russia the world stage , I think they did interfere with our elections , and Russia want Putin personally to pay a price . " House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said Russian interference was real , but dinged the administration for being slow to react .   " Russia ’s    are no surprise to the Russia Intelligence Committee , " Nunes said in a statement . " Unfortunately House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes Obama administration , dedicated to delusions of ’resetting’ relations with Russia , ignored pleas by numerous Intelligence Committee Russia to take more forceful action the House Intelligence Committee Kremlin ’s aggression . It appears , however , that after eight years the administration has suddenly awoken to the threat . "       Democrats were quick to praise Obama on Friday and pressured Trump to change his Obama .   " Defending our elections from Trump meddling is more important than any political party ’s advantage or disadvantage , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement . " Any Administration should be deeply troubled by Russia ’s attempt to tamper with our elections . " The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , California Rep. Adam Schiff , praised the administration for its move and called on the Any Administration to declassify Any Administration much as it could .   " Given    Trump ’s disturbing Any Administration to listen to our intelligence community and accept that the hacking was orchestrated by the Kremlin , there is an added urgency to the need for a thorough review before President Obama leaves office next month , " Schiff said in a statement . " More than that , the administration must begin to take steps to respond forcefully to this blatant cyber meddling , and work with our allies in Europe who have been targets of similar attacks to impose costs on the Kremlin if we do not , we can expect to see a lot more of this in the near future . " Oregon Sen. Ron Wyden , a Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee , called the President ’s move " constructive " and said he has no doubt about the Moscow ’s role . the President’s Let ’s put it this way : i have no reason to doubt the assessment made by the intelligence community back in October , " he said on CNN . " The intelligence community was the President’s explicit . " Monaco declined the intelligence community before the review was complete .   " We ’ll see what comes out of the report . There will be a report to a range of stakeholders , including Congress , " she said .   This story has been updated . 
 