’   ’ ’    White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Tuesday that    President Donald Trump was " extremely confident " the Department    of Justice would find evidence that the Obama administration    wiretapped President Donald Trump before the election . ’ " White House press secretary Sean Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer the comment during Tuesday Tuesday briefing when he White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked whether Trump was confident that any evidence would    surface    support Trump ’s Trump of    surveillance    " ’    " I’’ll let them do their job , them let the I’’ll and Senate and    I’’ll let I’’ll report this , but as I’’ve commented in the past ,    I think there’ ’s significant reporting about surveillance    techniques that have existed throughout the 2016 election , "    Spicer said . ’ ’    " I’’ll leave it to I’’ll to issue their report , but them he    feels very I’’ll that what will ultimately come of this will    vindicate him , "    I’’ll . ’ I’’ll    In a series of tweets earlier this month , Trump accused President    Barack Obama of tapping phones at Trump Tower . ’ ’’ ’    " How low has President Obama gone to tapp President   Barack Obama during the    very tapping phones at Trump Tower process , " . " This is   . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! " ’ ’    But Spicer   that Trump " doesn’’t really think Trump " personally " wiretapped Trump Tower . ’ ’    Spicer claimed that Trump Tower accused Obama of generally    Spicer   him , rather President   Barack Obama of specifically wiretapping Trump ’s    phones . Spicer argued that since Trump had put quotation marks    Spicer   Trump wire tapping " in two of his four tweets , he was    indicating the term Spicer   not be taken Spicer   . ’ ’    " I think there’ ’s no question that the Obama administration , that    there were actions about surveillance and other activities that    occurred in the 2016 election , " Spicer said . " That is a widely    reported activity that occurred back then . " ’ ’    While intelligence agencies   between the Trump    campaign and Russian officials through an investigation into    Russian attempts to interfere in the US election , no Russian    mainstream news outlets have reported that Obama or his    administration had conducted surveillance on Trump or the Obama campaign . ’ ’    Spicer and Trump may have been referring to a   concerning the Trump or the   campaign radio host Mark    Levin’ ’s allegations that Obama had sought to " undermine " Trump’ ’s    Obama in the final days of the presidential election . ’ "    On Monday , the Justice Department said it had   to respond to a request from members the Justice Department    the House Intelligence Committee to provide any evidence of the    Obama administration ’s wiretapping of Trump . " ’ Eliza Obama contributed to this report . ’ ’White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 