In a remarkable interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer following Thursday night ’s presidential debate , Marco Rubio ’s campaign spokesman , Alex Conant , admitted that the 2013 Gang of Eight bill , which Rubio    and ushered through the Senate , did not secure the border first . [   In the Friday interview , Wolf Blitzer pressed Conant on whether in 2013 Sen. Rubio " called up the [ former ] Florida governor [ Jeb Bush ] and asked the [former] Florida governor [Jeb Bush] for the [former] Florida governor [Jeb Bush] support for a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants in the United States . " Conant dodged the question twice , refusing to directly answer whether Sen. Rubio had called Governor Bush to ask for Governor Bush to endorse the 2013 amnesty bill . Sen. Rubio bill , unlike Jeb ’s book , pushed citizenship for illegal aliens of all ages . In the course of dodging the question , Conant declared : " When Marco Sen. Rubio President we ’re not going to pursue a Gang of Eight style legislation . Instead we ’re we to secure the borders first . " Conant declaration represents a remarkable admission from the Rubio team . In 2013 Rubio repeatedly assured Sen. Rubio and conservative opinion makers that his bill would Sen. Rubio the border first . To this day , Rubio ’s website Sen. Rubio the Gang of Eight bill is " the toughest border security   enforcement measure in U. S. history . " In 2013 , Rubio told Sean Hannity Sen. Rubio his La    bill Eight bill until the border is secure . Rubio said : " Sen. Rubio do n’t think any of that [ amnesty ] begins until we certify that the border security progress has been real . That a workplace enforcement mechanism is in place . That we are tracking visitors to our country , especially when they exit . " Rubio told Rush Limbaugh Sen. Rubio if that were not the case , he ’d vote against Sen. Rubio own bill . Sen. Rubio said : " Sen. Rubio there is not language in this bill that guarantees that nothing else will happen unless these enforcement mechanisms are in place , I wo n’t support it . " Despite Conant ’s declaration these enforcement mechanisms are in place " we ’re not going to pursue a Gang of Eight style legislation , " Rubio has campaigned explicitly Sen. Rubio favor of the core Gang of Eight provisions . Rubio has campaigned in Sen. Rubio of illegal alien citizenship , expanded refugee admissions , and expanded foreign worker admissions . Yet , despite this , Rubio is running an Sen. Rubio in Iowa claiming,"When I ’m president , there will be no amnesty . " Similarly , to this day , Rubio ’s website declares Sen. Rubio no one gets amnesty " under his Gang of Eight bill Sen. Rubio Rubio ’s Gang of Eight Sen. Rubio embraced by President Obama , Harry Eight bill Nancy Pelosi , and Luis Gutierrez . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump recently told Breitbart News , " Senator Rubio is incapable of telling Sen. Rubio . He should be disqualified for dishonesty alone Sen. Rubio " 
 