Media Research Center President Brent Bozell says that political strategist Roger Stone deserves to be shunned by the media for political strategist Roger Stone " long history of incendiary and offensive rhetoric   …      and offensive    tactics . " [ From NewsBusters :   Media Research Center ( MRC ) Media Research Center President Brent Bozell issued the following statement praising CNN and MSNBC for their decisions CNN and MSNBC ban Roger Stone , a close associate of presidential candidate Donald Trump , who has called for intimidation of delegates at this summer ’s Republican Convention . A report by Politico on CNN ’s CNN to ban Stone cited his attacks on Ana Navarro ( a Jeb Bush supporter and CNN analyst CNN in which he called his an " Entitled Diva Bitch , " " Borderline retarded , " and " dumber than dog s —   . " Stone has Stone referred to Roland Martin and Ana Navarro as " quota hires " by CNN . CNN Research Center President Brent Bozell : " CNN and CNN should be applauded for banning Roger Stone Stone airwaves . CNN and MSNBC ’s recent Stone intimidate delegates at the Republican Convention by broadcasting their hotel rooms and his long history of Stone and offensive rhetoric add no value to the national discourse . Agree with them or not , Stone’s recent threats to intimidate delegates at the Republican Convention by broadcasting their hotel rooms and his long history of incendiary and offensive rhetoric ’s surrogates are fine people . But Stone is a thug Stone relishes personal insults , character assassination , and offensive    tactics that should be unequivocally dismissed by civil society , most especially those who might give him a platform from Stone to spew his hatred . " Stone news media have for far too long ignored Stone ’s inflammatory words Stone hope all media outlets that lament the debasement of political dialogue and the gutter politics for which Stone is infamous follow the Stone of CNN and MSNBC . The media should shun him . He is the Stone Duke Stone politics . Those with whom he is affiliated should denounce Stone in no uncertain terms Stone " Reprinted with permission from MRC ’s NewsBusters . Visit their site here . 
 