  ( CNN ) Hackers thought to be working for Russian intelligence have carried out a series of cyber breaches targeting reporters at The New York Times and other US news organizations , according to US officials briefed on the matter . The intrusions , detected in recent months , are under investigation by the FBI and other US security agencies . Investigators so far believe that Russian intelligence is likely behind the attacks and that Russian hackers are targeting news organizations as part of a broader series of hacks that also have focused on Democratic Party organizations , the officials said .     The Times said email services for employees are outsourced to Google . CNN requested comment from Google but did n’t receive comment . The FBI declined to comment . The Times spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said The FBI had seen " no evidence " that any breaches had occurred of The Times The Times systems . CNN ’s CNN did n’t say that the Times internal The Times were breached , but that reporters were targeted .   " We are constantly monitoring our systems with We latest available intelligence and tools . We have seen We evidence that any of our internal systems We including our systems in We Moscow bureau , have been breached or compromised , " Murphy said . The breaches targeting reporters and news organizations are part of an apparent surge in cyber attacks in the past year against entities beyond US government agencies .   US intelligence officials believe the picture emerging from the series of recent intrusions is that Russian spy agencies are using a wave of cyber attacks , including against    in Washington , to gather intelligence from a broad array of    organizations with windows into the US political system .   News organizations are considered top targets because they can yield News organizations intelligence on reporter contacts in the government , as well as communications and unpublished works with sensitive information , US government officials believe .   The Times , in its report , The Times CNN ’s report that the Times was The Times The Times cybersecurity investigators to assist . Law enforcement officials briefed on the matter earlier told CNN that the Times CNN indicated The Times The Times in private The Times cybersecurity consultants to investigate .   Attention has grown on the hacks thought to be carried out by Russians since Wikileaks released a trove of emails stolen from the DNC in the weekend before the Democratic Party ’s convention to nominate Hillary Clinton for president . US intelligence officials say there is strong evidence showing Russian intelligence behind the DNC hack . The Clinton campaign has claimed the hack as proof that the DNC hack are trying to aid the election of Donald Trump . 
 