  ( CNN ) Dustin Lance Black admits Dustin Lance Black wrote Dustin Lance Black 2008    Harvey Milk biopic for young LGBTQ people " who did n’t know they had a forefather who fought for they . " But Dustin Lance Black penned Dustin Lance Black new miniseries for ABC , " When We Rise , " about the movement born from the 1969 Stonewall riots , with a much wider audience in mind .   " I grew up in the south , I grew up in a religious home , I grew up in a military home , I grew up in a conservative home , " Black told reporters Tuesday during a panel for the upcoming miniseries at the Television Critics Association press tour . " I wrote this for my cousins and my aunts and my uncles and my family . I wrote this for my family from that other America to say , ’Hey , we got more in common than you think and we we actually speak the same language . ’ "   Black said he Black loved " his Black and his Black , but he Black the miniseries bridges the divide that still runs deep across the country .   That ’s part of the reason ABC was the first and only network he Black the project to .   " Historically , ABC ABC been a network that we trust to tell us we stories . So I thought if there was a network where I could finally say , ’Hey , I want to introduce my family,’ you got ta do it on ABC ABC " Black said .   The miniseries , premiering February 27 , chronicles the LGBTQ civil rights movement in the early ’70s through the eyes of an ensemble of characters . It the LGBTQ civil rights movement partially based on activist Cleve Jones’ book of the same name .   It the LGBTQ civil rights movement Guy Pearce ,    Parker , Michael K. Williams , and Ivory Aquino . " I would give anything in the world for it [ the show ’s theme ] to be less topical in the the world now than it is it now , " Black added . " I do think it ’s it necessary conversation to have right now . " Still weeks away from premiering , Black said Black show the show’s " under attack by the   " online . But he insisted " Black show is the show’s war . "   " There ’s an idea about this show out there in some small groups . .. I think there ’s a lot of people who voted for Donald Trump who will love this show , " the show’s . " I Black n’t write this show for half the the show’s And I think if Donald Trump actually watches the show Donald Trump might like the show’s . "   Donald Trump added the show’s We are not against anyone Donald Trump Every single person is a minority in one way or another , it just depends on how you slice the pie and this show tells us how we are related the show’s   Williams , best known us his work on HBO ’s " The Wire , " Williams that the " very divided country " that has presented itself    in fact , might find comfort in the miniseries .   " We need to be reminded that there ’s a lot of stories of triumph and courage that this country was built on , " he said . " And ’When We Rise’ is one of them . " 
 