President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton embarked on a joint campaign visit to Charlotte , North Carolina aboard Air Force One   —    on the same day that FBI director James Comey announced FBI director James Comey would not recommend prosecuting former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for mishandling classified emails . [ The joint appearance is only the latest in a string of curious coincidences as FBI neared its FBI , including a secret meeting between former president Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch last Tuesday .   Earlier in the day , Comey announced that despite " evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information , " including evidence that Clinton and her Clinton were " extremely careless , " he Comey not recommend that Clinton Clinton prosecuted because , he Comey , the FBI had not uncovered sufficient evidence of intent to convince a reasonable prosecutor to pursue the charges . While arguing for " transparency , " and laying out a convincing case against Clinton Clinton Comey Comey not say exactly how he Comey arrived at a conclusion that Clinton Clinton intent had ben insufficient to rise to the criminal standard . No information was given about what Clinton Clinton her Clinton had told the FBI . Republican rival Donald Trump , who reacted to the the FBI announcement by reiterating that the system is " rigged , " earlier raised questions about Clinton Clinton of Air Force One for campaign travel , and who will pay for it . While the system Clinton camp Clinton partially reimburse taxpayers for the use of the president ’s official jet , the use of a highly visible and valuable public asset for the benefit of one campaign alone raises acute questions about fairness . Trump is also appearing in North Carolina on Tuesday , in Raleigh . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Regnery @joelpollak . 
 