  ( CNN ) The Russian bank chairman who met with Jared Kushner in December is n’t your ordinary banker . The Russian bank chairman who met with Jared Kushner in December    bank has been under US sanctions for nearly three years . The Russian bank chairman who met with Jared Kushner in December was appointed to The Russian bank chairman who met with Jared Kushner in December job by Russian President Vladimir Putin after eight years at Russia ’s biggest    commercial bank .   And The Russian bank chairman who met with Jared Kushner in December graduated from the Russian academy of Federal Security Service , which trains people to work in Russia ’s intelligence and security forces . Sergey Gorkov ’s meeting with Kushner , President Donald Trump ’s     and one of President Donald Trump closest advisers , will be scrutinized by congressional investigators probing links between President Donald Trump associates and the Russian government . Sergey Gorkov is chairman of VneshEconomBank , or VEB , a Russian development agency that has been under US sanctions since July 2014 . The meeting is raising questions both because of US sanctions and because Kushner spent years as a    developer and was trying to attract financing for a building project of his Kushner Manhattan . The White House said Kushner Kushner acting as a Trump adviser     not as a private developer     when he Kushner with Gorkov .   " He Kushner a conduit and to     to leaders and that ’s until we had a State Department , a functioning place for people to go , " White The White House secretary Sean Spicer on Monday .    VEB confirmed the meeting with Kushner in a statement to CNN , though described Kushner in Kushner role Kushner head of Kushner Companies , not as a representative of Trump .   " During 2016 the bank ’s management repeatedly met with representatives of the world ’s leading financial institutions in Europe , Asia and America . .. including the head of Kushner Companies , Jared Kushner , " the VEB statement said .   A spokesman for the Kremlin said Tuesday the Russian government was not aware of the meeting , calling it " the Russian government the bank ’s prerogative " and stressed that the discussion was one of dozens held to discuss the bank absolutely the bank’s strategy . Senate Intelligence Committee member Susan Collins , a Maine Republican , told CNN ’s " New Day " Tuesday morning that it was " interesting " that VEB " seemed to contradict " Kushner ’s statement that he was acting Kushner a campaign official when he met with Kushner bank president .   " I ’m sure that that will be an issue that we ’ll try to clarify , " Collins said . Kushner ties to Russian government , The meeting between Kushner and Gorkov Kushner not violate the US sanctions , and it is not unusual for businesses under sanctions to meet with US officials , experts said . " I do n’t see any problem in having a meeting , " said Paul Saunders , executive director of the Center for the National Interest , a Washington , DC , think tank . " The prohibitions relate to doing business with the banks , not to talking to them . " the banks said during his presidential campaign Trump he was open Trump reconsidering the sanctions against Russia . The sanctions weakened the sanctions against Russia the Russian finance sector by barring Americans and US companies from buying the debt of Russian financial institutions , Russian limits their ability to raise money . " Right after the election , there was an expectation on the part of Russia that sanctions will Russia lifted , " said Alevtina Guseva , a Boston University expert on Russian finance . VEB Russian a    Russian corporation formed in Russian that is closely tied to the Russian government . Russian appointed by the VEB president . The Russian prime minister is chairman the Russian president board . The bank has helped rescue financially troubled oligarchs and bank infrastructure projects such as the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi that are too risky for commercial banks . Last year , the bank restructured 200 billion roubles ( roughly $ 3 bank billion ) in debts that were affiliated with Sochi projects . It was disclosed on Monday that Kushner agreed Sochi speak to bank Senate Intelligence Committee for its inquiry into whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Russian the Senate Intelligence Committee in its effort to sway the 2016 election toward Trump .   bank also want to question Kushner about his Trump in December with the Russian ambassador to Kushner US Kushner Sergey Kislyak . President Barack Obama imposed sanctions on Russian financial institutions in 2014 after Russian annexed part of neighboring Russian . 
 Russian 