Hillary Clinton just let the cat out of a bag . Hillary Clinton thinks supporters of Donald Trump belong in a " basket of deplorables . " [ Hillary Clinton was talking about me and my friends . I ’m Exhibit A for Hillary Clinton rant . I ’m the author of the new book , Angry White Male . It ’s my testimony about exactly what millions of angry white males who support Donald Trump believe in   —    and exactly what liberals like Hillary Clinton and Obama think of us   —    and how they us   trying to target us us muzzle us us punish us us and destroy us us   Thanks , Hillary Clinton . At least now the    elephant is out in the open . Now we us what you think of us us Now we us how much you despise us us Now it the   elephant clear as day . Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton socialist cabal just showed their Hillary and her socialist cabal colors . They Hillary and her socialist cabal anyone who loves God , country , family , and the Constitution . That ’s the entire point of my book . Everything I love   —    and millions of conservatives , Christians , and patriots love   —    is under attack from Hillary and Democrats . They Hillary and her socialist cabal us . They Hillary and her socialist cabal to destroy us us They Hillary and her socialist cabal to silence us us Millions of Trump supporters believe the things that made America great are simple : Faith in God , family , patriotism , American exceptionalism , capitalism ,    values , the Constitution , military , and police . Hillary and Democrats despise those symbols . To them Hillary and Democrats belief in those those symbols you " deplorable . " To them Hillary and Democrats belief in those symbols those symbols and crass . To them Hillary and Democrats to say you actually believe America is exceptional brands you as a " racist . " To them Hillary and Democrats to say you love God , country , and capitalism makes you a bigot , sexist , homophobe , and Islamophobe . This is n’t an isolated incident or a slip of the tongue . Ask Obama . In 2008 he said conservatives Obama Christians are " bitter " and " cling to guns or religion . " Or look at the targets and victims of the IRS scandal of four years ago . Was it a coincidence that Obama ’s IRS Obama , IRS , and persecuted only specific groups that happen to fall into Hillary ’s " basket of deplorables " ? The IRS went IRS groups Christians groups groups that believe in the U. S. Constitution groups that support Israel and Tea Party groups that support patriotism and American exceptionalism . And do n’t forget Obama ’s IRS Obama targeted and IRS individual critics of the president   —    like me . I spent three years and countless dollars fighting off     IRS attacks , only IRS be cleared twice ( without owing one cent ) . It ’s pretty clear Hillary and Obama do n’t Obama angry white males who speak up , or speak out . Why should that surprise anyone ? The most important chapter in my book Angry White Male is about my days at Columbia University , Class of ’83 with my classmate Barack Obama . Obama four long years getting to know my classmates at Columbia . I spent four Columbia University listening to what they really believed in . This was before any of them got famous . No they were rolling . They were free to tell they truth . They poured their hearts out they And they did I witness ? It was exactly what we heard from Hillary Clinton on Thursday   —    word for word . My classmates were almost 100 % white ,    and pathetically guilty at having been born with silver spoons in their mouths . They ranted silver spoons like Hillary silver spoons day . They made it clear they silver spoons conservatives . They silver spoons patriots . They silver spoons people of faith silver spoons They despised America and called silver spoons a " racist nation America " They vowed to bring this silver spoons down . They America with wealth silver spoons or who owned a business . They constantly talked about " silver spoons privilege " and their hatred for " the silver spoons power structure . " They despised Israel and supported silver spoons Palestinians . But most of all , they despised white , straight silver spoons Christian males . To them , we were the silver spoons of everything wrong about America . Why is this important ? Because I read " Columbia College Today . " It tells me all about the success and career achievements of my classmates . Guess where they all work ? Many of them are either in the Obama they all , working on Hillary ’s campaign , or in positions of power in the media . In short , these people with hatred in their hearts are today the most these people with hatred in their hearts people in America . From Hillary ’s speech it ’s clear Hillary has changed . My classmates have all grown up . But their hatred for America , American My classmates , faith America family , capitalism and of course their favorite scapegoats   —    My classmates , straight , Christian males   —    has never changed , or faded . It ’s as strong as ever their hatred for America, American exceptionalism, faith, family, capitalism and of course their favorite scapegoats  —   white, straight, Christian males  —    Yes , they hate us . We ’re their hatred for America, American exceptionalism, faith, family, capitalism and of course their favorite scapegoats  —   white, straight, Christian males  —    " a basket us deplorables . " Hillary made that all clear on Thursday . 
 