  ( CNN ) The Comey hearing certainly lived up to the hype . And now there is buildup to the testimony of Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday afternoon . The difference is Sessions still works for President Donald Trump , and President Donald Trump has a lot more to lose .   In fact , President Donald Trump own survival as attorney general , which has recently been a subject of much debate , could hinge on President Donald Trump performance before the Senate Intelligence Committee .      One aspect of the Comey hearing that was overwhelmed by the newsworthiness of Comey comments was Comey refusal to speak to the nature of Sessions’ recusal from the Russia investigation in an open hearing . This cast a new spotlight on Sessions and made President Donald Trump a character to watch in the Russia investigation . The White House has already acknowledged that Sessions will Sessions hesitate to invoke executive privilege , which may limit    quite a bit . Sessions will therefore have to walk a tightrope to both satisfy his boss , Donald Trump , and remove the political target on his back his    Though we may not learn a lot about the Russia investigation , we will we able to better assess Sessions’ survival by the end of the day . There is no doubt senators on the committee have been preparing for his testimony his but here are the questions to Sessions that will be critical in determining his fate his   1 . Can you commit to discuss with the committee the committee closed session the reasons for your recusal from the Russia the Russia investigation If he says his , it could be an indication he says are additional reasons for his recusal his beyond a few meetings with the Russian ambassador , that are not known publicly .   If he says his , he he says off alarm bells across the Capitol , because it will indicate he may his he says to hide . And if he disagrees his Comey and explains in a public hearing the reasons for his recusal , it will likely Comey to more questions about why he did n’t also recuse himself Comey the firing of Comey Comey 2 . How many Comey did you have with the Russian ambassador or any other Russian officials in 2016 ?   Russian were the topics discussed ? And why did you fail to provide information about the meetings you had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on your Russian clearance form ?    These are the most obvious questions     and frankly the reason Sessions finds himself in hot water . This Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak the first time he will be speaking under oath Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak the nature of his discussions with Russian officials , Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak if he Russian honestly , he may Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak able to at Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak end the speculation about the number and details of his meetings . 3 .   Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak was your involvement in the decision to fire James Comey ? Did you ask your deputy attorney general to write a memo recommending the firing of Comey ?   And if so James Comey did he know it would become public James Comey It has never been clear how it could have recused himself from the Russia investigation , James Comey still involved himself in the decision to fire James Comey FBI the decision to fire James Comey fire Comey was directly linked to the Russia investigation the decision to fire James Comey even Rod Rosenstein James Comey his deputy , was the Russia investigation his hearing whether he knew what his memo would James Comey used for and who asked him James Comey write it James Comey 4 . James Comey you aware of Jared Kushner ’s contacts with James Comey Ambassador Sergey Kislyak and what his memo would be used you aware of his interest in setting up a back channel during the transition ?   In general , James Comey you think outreach to foreign governments should be coordinated with the outgoing administration during a transition ? Sessions was nominated to be attorney general in the middle of November , before Kushner reportedly attempted to set up a back channel with Russian officials .   He was a foreign Jared Kushner’s adviser during the campaign and in the running to Russian vice president . Jared Kushner’s The Kushner meetings would likely have been discussed within Trump ’s inner circle . If Sessions has any information Jared Kushner’s even a view on this , it will be newsworthy .   It is also the question his boss will be watching closely . 5 . At any point during the campaign did Trump ask you or anyone on the campaign to contact a Russian government official ? the campaign there any Trump from the President or any other official in the White House that has made you uncomfortable since you were sworn in as attorney general ? There is a great deal we do n’t know about the potential Trump campaign contacts with Russian officials , such as who may have directed them and who , if anyone Trump of Putin ’s Russian to interfere with the electoral outcome . And Russian officials has sat through enough hearings to know his answers will come back to bite him if there is even an element of untruth .    If he Putin’s he has no concerns , which Putin’s should fully expect , his answer will be replayed if and Putin’s more Putin’s comes out about who on the campaign knew what . Putin’s And if he acknowledges he had some concerns , he will open up a new line of questioning about the conduct of Putin’s Trump Putin’s his advisers . 
 Putin’s Putin’s 