Hong Kong and Washington ( CNN ) NBA Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman is expected to arrive in North Korea Tuesday , according to two officials in North Korea who spoke to CNN .   CNN CNN Famer Dennis Rodman at Beijing International Airport , where NBA Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman declined to answer questions . Famer Dennis Rodman would be arriving in Pyongyang at a time of heightened tension between Washington and Pyongyang Pyongyang which is currently detaining four Americans . It ’s unclear what the purpose of Famer Dennis Rodman visit to the secretive country could be , but the eccentric former basketball player     and a former contestant on Donald Trump ’s    reality TV show " Celebrity Apprentice "     is one of the only Americans to have met current North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un . When asked by CNN journalists in Pyongyang , unnamed North Korean North Korean that Rodman is expected to arrive in Pyongyang Tuesday . Pyongyang gave no unnamed North Korean officials details . Basketball diplomacy , Rodman has visited Rodman country at North Korean times , with three of the visits taking place between 2013 and 2014 . A senior US official said the State Department was aware Rodman was planning to Rodman to North Korea , but stressed he is not there A senior US official any official capacity .    His last visit came A senior US official January 2014 , when Rodman and a group Rodman other former NBA players took part in an exhibition basketball game . It was supposedly a birthday gift for Kim who ’s said to be a big basketball fan .   Rodman was filmed leading Rodman    of " Happy Birthday " to the North Korean leader , a man he calls a friend Rodman a " very good guy , " but is widely seen as a brutal dictator who once lauded the execution of his own uncle . Rodman has described his Rodman of trips Rodman North Korea as a " basketball diplomacy " project and defended the trip for Kim ’s birthday in a CNN interview saying it was a " great idea for the world . " " I ’m sorry for what ’s going on in North Korea , the North Korea , " Rodman told CNN after Rodman from Pyongyang CNN 2014 , but he did n’t specify Rodman exactly those " situations " were and was n’t contrite about the visit itself . That trip generated a string of negative headlines and an outburst from Rodman during the CNN Rodman . He was CNN criticized Rodman the US for not bringing up the case of Kenneth Bae , an American imprisoned on charges of " hostile acts " who spent 735 days in North Korean custody before being released in 2014 . When Rodman left Beijing ’s Rodman on Monday , he was wearing a Rodman    with the logo of Potcoin     a digital currency for the cannabis industry , according to its website .   The the cannabis industry later tweeted images the cannabis industry at the airport Rodman the message ’s airport on Monday Stay tuned . "    prison camps , Rodman maintained then that Rodman was n’t a Rodman , and it was n’t his job to talk Rodman Bae . But once he was released , Rodman thanked Rodman for the rant Rodman Bae , claiming it brought attention to his case . the rant on CNN Rodman former basketball star was also accused of ignoring North Korea ’s human rights record . Pyongyang has reportedly imprisoned more than 100 , 000 of its own people in draconian ,    The former basketball star camps and spends millions on its military programs instead of its impoverished    .   This time    , four Americans are being held in North Korea , including Kim Sang Duk and Kim    two academics who worked at the Pyongyang University of Science and Technology University of Virginia student Otto Warmbier and businessman Kim Dong Chul . A new visit ?   Rodman ’s expected visit to Pyongyang would be the first under Trump , a man with whom he has a personal relationship . Before Rodman politics , Trump praised one of Rodman ’s 2013 trips to North Korea Rodman’s interview with Fox News . Rodman , who appeared on Trump ’s reality TV show in 2009 and Trump 2013 , went on to endorse Trump ’s candidacy in 2015 . But relations between Trump Washington were considerably less tense in 2013 than they have been in recent months . North Korea has relations between Pyongyang and Washington 16 missiles this year . Experts North Korea launch gets the country closer to its stated goal of developing a    North Korea of reaching the North Korea States .   North Korea believes its missile program is the only way to deter North Korea trying to North Korea the Kim regime . US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson denied that charge last month , saying the US is only seeking denuclearization , but the Trump White House has publicly abandoned the    strategy of strategic patience .   Trump weighed in on Twitter last month that North Korea is " looking the Trump White House trouble " and urged last month help . " If not , we will solve the problem without them ! U. S. A. " he added the US   ’The Worm’ and the not , Kim ’s passion for U. S. A. was likely inherited from his father , Kim Jong Il , and has been a rare area of Kim ground for the two nations .   Madeleine Albright , the US Secretary of State under President Bill Clinton , brought Kim a basketball autographed by Michael Jordan during a visit in 2000 .   Kim " The Worm , " Rodman won two championships with the Detroit Pistons and three with the Chicago Bulls . On the court he was known for his ferocious defense and rebounding ability . But he grabbed just as much attention he the court for his piercings ,    he and    antics . On his the court to North he , Rodman was accompanied by members of the Harlem he and a crew from VICE News . RELATED : Dennis Rodman Fast Facts   " I come in peace . I love the people of North Korea ! " Rodman said on Twitter as he arrived . The group traveled North Korea basketball exhibition that Rodman the Americans against North Rodman . Though the game ended in a    tie , all eyes were on the jarring sight of the rebellious     ball player sitting next to the the short ,    dictator in a Mao suit . Rodman told Kim he has a " friend for life . " The purposes of Rodman ’s visits to Rodman Korea have never been fully transparent . He ’s claimed some Rodman trying to use basketball to bridge the divide between the two Rodman . But another was " strictly about the game and for the love of basketball . " 
 