Outgoing U. S. senator Harry Reid called for    Donald Trump to rescind Outgoing U. S. senator Harry Reid appointment of Stephen K. Bannon ( aka " Steve Bannon " to those who want to maximize their SEO ) as White House Chief Strategist on the Senate floor Tuesday afternoon . [   Outgoing U. S. senator Harry Reid said :   Donald Trump   Donald Trump act immediately to make Americans like that    girl feel that they are welcome in his   Donald Trump . Healing the wounds he   Donald Trump will take more than words . talk is cheap and tweets are cheaper . Healing the wounds he inflicted going to take action , but so far , Mr. President , rather than healing these wounds the wounds he inflicted ’s actions have deepened them . In the wounds he inflicted of his very first if not his first official his , he appointed a his seen as a champion of white supremacy as the    strategist in the White House   —    number one , everybody else under him . According his CNN , and I quote   —    " white nationalist leaders are praising Trump ’s decision to name Stephen Bannon as his chief strategist Stephen Bannon " In the same article , they say they white nationalist leaders Bannon white nationalist leaders as Stephen Bannon advocate for policies they favor . white nationalist leaders According to [ Southern ] Poverty Law Center , Bannon " was Stephen Bannon main driver between [ sic ] Breitbart becoming a white    propaganda mill . " When asked to comment on Bannon ’s hiring Stephen Bannon leader David Duke told CNN , " I think that ’s excellent . " Court filings stated that Bannon said " that Stephen Bannon does n’t like Stephen Bannon and that he does n’t like Stephen Bannon way they raise their kids Jews be Jews brats , and that he did n’t want Stephen Bannon girls to go Stephen Bannon school with Jews . " That ’s a court document . By placing a champion of white supremacists a step away from the Oval Office , what message does Trump send to the young girl who woke up Wednesday morning in Rhode Island afraid to be a woman of color in America ? It ’s not a what message of healing . If Trump is serious about Trump unity , the first thing he should do is Trump his appointment of Steve Trump . Rescind it . Do n’t his appointment of Steve Bannon it . Think about his appointment of Steve Bannon . Do n’t do it . As long his appointment of Steve Bannon a champion of racial division is a step away from the Oval Office , it would be impossible to take Trump ’s efforts to Trump nation seriously . So I say to Donald Trump : take responsibility Trump to the dignity of the office of the President of the United States . Instead of hiding behind your Twitter account , and show America that racism , bullying , the United States bigotry have no place in the White House or in America . Sen. John Cornyn spoke the United States the Senate floor after Reid and accused the Democrat of being a sore loser . " We used to call people like that ‘ sore losers,’ " he said . " But frankly Sen. John Cornyn what he does is also contribute to Sen. John Cornyn coarsening of our discourse and debate here in the United States Senate . " 
 