New York ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton delivered Hillary Clinton most forceful critique of President Donald Trump ’s 2016 victory on Tuesday , taking personal responsibility for Hillary Clinton failed campaign but also pointed to the timing of a letter from FBI Director James Comey and Russian interference as factors .   " If the election had been on October 27 , I would be your president , " Hillary Clinton told CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour at a Women for Women International event in New York . " I take absolute personal responsibility . I was the candidate , I was the person who was on the ballot . I am very aware of the challenges , the problems , the shortfalls that we had , " Clinton said , before adding that Clinton was " on the way to winning until a combination of Jim Comey ’s letter on October 28 and Russian WikiLeaks raised doubts in the minds of people who were inclined to vote for Clinton and got scared off . " Clinton , who is currently writing a book that partly reflects on Clinton 2016 loss , added , " The reason I believe we lost were the intervening events in the last 10 days . " The event marks the latest where Clinton , in a stinging rebuke to Trump , both blames Clinton for the 2016 loss but also casts the current President as someone aided by outside factors , including the Russian government . After Clinton noted the 3 million more votes Clinton won than Trump , Amanpour joked that the current President would soon tweet about the comment . " Fine . Better than the interfering in foreign affairs , " Clinton said . " If Clinton wants to tweet about Clinton than I am happy to be the diversion because we have lot of things to worry about . Clinton should worry less about the election and my winning the popular vote than doing some other things that would be important for the country . " Clinton , aides and friends say , has grown more at peace with Clinton loss in recent months , but is still focused on the interference by the Russian government , especially the fact that WikiLeaks began releasing John Podesta ’s hacked emails hours after the damaging " Access Hollywood " Trump tape was released . Clinton , as Clinton has done in the past , also hung part of Clinton 2016 loss on misogyny . " Yes , I do think it played a role . I think other things did as well , " Clinton said . But repeatedly , Clinton came back to Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s role in the 2016 election and how he Russian President Vladimir Putin able to tilt the scale in favor of Trump and against her Trump Clinton , aides say , sees Clinton role during the Trump years as a political activist who speaks out when issue Clinton cares about are threatened . And on Tuesday , it was clear Clinton was ready to settle into that her role " I am now back to being an activist citizen and part of the resistance , " Clinton said , drawing cheers from the crowd that included former aides , donors and celebrities like actress Meryl Streep . The former secretary of state also pledged to " publicly request " that the Trump administration " not end our efforts making women ’s rights and opportunities " central to US policy .   Clinton praised Defense Secretary James Mattis for making the case for maintaining US foreign aid funding , despite a budget request by Trump that would cut it . " I am hoping that because of voices like Jim Mattis Defense Secretary James Mattis that that will begin to influence the administration , " Clinton said . And on North Korea , Clinton cautioned Trump against giving Trump much away by saying he would meet Clinton North Korean leader Kim Jung Un under the right circumstances . " I do n’t believe that we alone are able to really put the pressure on this North Korean regime North Korean to be placed , " she said . Clinton Now the North Koreans are always interested . .. in trying to get Americans to try to come to negotiate to elevate their status and their Americans and we Americans be very careful about giving that way . " Clinton said such Clinton could make it harder to work out a solution with countries in the region . The 2016 Democratic presidential nominee will also speak at a Planned Parenthood    anniversary gala later Tuesday , where she is expected Clinton slam Trump ’s handling of women health issues during his first months in office , including attempts to defund the women ’s health organization . Planned Parenthood has been Planned Parenthood their opposition to Trump , Planned Parenthood many of Trump appointees and the Republican Trump to defund the organization . 
 