House conservatives are preparing a list of 200 federal regulations that    Donald Trump can delete with the stroke of a pen upon entering the White House Jan. 20 , a leading member of the House Freedom Caucus tells Breitbart News . [ " Recognizing the role of Congress and the executive branch being two separate powers and also recognizing that with a new administration , we want to make it easier for them , so them do n’t have to look under every rock and every crook and cranny to find potential overreaches by the executive branch , " says Rep. Mark Meadows ( R. . C. ) . C.) ’s launched a bid to become chairman of the Freedom Caucus as Rep. Jim Jordan is stepping aside .   " We started out with a hundred rules and regulations that We wanted to offer the new administration to be able to address on Day One —   certainly within the first 100 days , " said the congressman , a member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . " That list has now grown to 188 , " the congressman, a member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee said . With That list already at 188 economically damaging rules and regulations that could be overturned without legislation , the congressman, a member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee said his the congressman, a member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee at the   House Freedom Caucus are confident they can his colleagues at the  House Freedom Caucus 200 by the time Trump becomes the chief executive . There is no question that regulations on the books are holding back America ’s job growth and the economy , he the congressman, a member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . Meadows said House conservatives the  House Freedom Caucus to give the incoming administration a wide berth as they settle House conservatives their offices House conservatives in their focus House conservatives " We see our role We being ready and prepped for them . House conservatives " As a guy , who never had the federal government help me make payroll —   what I have found in the most useful way conservatives can be helpful is not to demand a certain action , but to highlight the action that is impeding jobs across the country from New York to California and in between —   now that we have a ‘ jobs president’ in the White House we do we have to educate him about a ‘jobs president’ in the White House stumbling blocks to job growth , " he said a ‘jobs president’ in the White House " We just we to identify where it is in this massive bureaucracy , " the former a ‘jobs president’ in the White House " The 200 regulations , I think will speak for themselves as to how The 200 regulations will spur job The 200 regulations , " he said . Meadows a ‘jobs president’ in the White House the in addition to the work by the House Freedom Caucus , the members and staff of his House Oversight Committee are producing a " Landing Book " for the Trump appointees . The books , specific to each department and agency , are part map , part instruction guide and part cultural awareness resource for those about to lead and engage with the federal bureaucracy , he said . The his are a culmination of eight years of dealing with the administration of President Barack Obama and his administration —   his will be a counterpoint to the packets presented to the new officials by the civil servants . " We ’re actually putting together binders , " the congressman said . his will also have The books from the House committee with jurisdiction over an office and its mission . " We are the House committee not to get in and encroach their area of jurisdiction and to be a partner , where it is a     kind of transfer —   I am hopeful we ’ll see some real fruits We that coming out . " 
 