SAN DIEGO   —    Donald J. Trump ’s lawyers agreed on Thursday to enter settlement talks in a    fraud lawsuit involving the    and Trump University , now defunct , raising the possibility of a quick end to the     case just before the    case goes to trial . Mr. Petrocelli to delay the trial to trial year , saying Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump to work on the transition to the presidency . " The good news is that he was elected Donald J. Trump , " Mr. Petrocelli told Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court . " The bad news is that he has even Donald J. Trump work to do now . " Mr. Trump has Donald J. Trump Curiel , who was born in Indiana , of bias in the case because of his Mexican heritage . Donald J. Trump sides accepted Judge Curiel ’s offer to work with Judge Jeffrey Miller of Federal District Court on a Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court . " I can tell you right now I ’m all ears , " Mr. Petrocelli told Judge Curiel . Patrick Coughlin , a lawyer for the former students who sued , told reporters Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court attempts failed . " We ’ve been miles apart , " he said . Judge Curiel said more than 100 potential jurors Patrick Coughlin, a lawyer for the former students who sued be in court on Nov. 28 Mr. Petrocelli and nine Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court to Mr. Petrocelli than two days later . He said he expected both sides to finish presenting their cases around Dec. 14 . Mr. Petrocelli said it Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court unlikely Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court Mr. Trump would attend the trial , and Judge Curiel both sides he did not expect he would . The lawsuit , filed in 2010 on behalf of Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court says Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court University gave seminars Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court classes across the country under the guise of being an accredited school and pressured people to spend up to $ 35 , 000 on mentorships from Mr. Trump ’s " handpicked " instructors . The claims largely mirror another    complaint in San Diego and a lawsuit in New York . 
 