Washington ( CNN ) Democrats decided to end Democrats protest on the House floor over gun control Thursday . Rep. John Lewis , who launched the    Wednesday morning that eventually drew 170 lawmakers , lit up social media , and infuriated House House     but spurred no legislative action     said the fight was not over . " We must come back here on July 5th [ when Congress returns to session ] more determined than ever before , " Lewis said . " We are going to win , " he Lewis supporters on the Capitol steps after the    was halted . " The the fight not over . This is just one step of when we come back here on July the 5th we ’re we to continue to push , to pull , to stand up , and if necessary , to sit down . So do n’t give up , do n’t give in . Keep the faith , and keep your eyes on the prize . " He also Lewis , " We got we trouble . Necessary Trouble got we the way . Good trouble . Necessary Trouble . By    we were we standing up . " Lawmakers said that during the July 4th break , they would Lawmakers the issue to their districts Lawmakers " We are Lawmakers back to our congressional Lawmakers     we are Lawmakers to engage our constituents Lawmakers this subject , and we will Lawmakers allow this body feel as comfortable as in the past , " Rep. Jim Clyburn said . " On July 5 , we will Lawmakers , and at that time we will Lawmakers operating on a new sense of a purpose . "   RELATED : How House Dems made a little noise , Republicans had earlier tried to shut down the    but the Democrats’ protest over the lack of action on gun control lasted for more than 24 hours . House Democrats were looking for votes to expand background checks and ban gun sales to those on the    watch list . In the middle of the night , the House House sought to end the extraordinary day of drama by swiftly adjourning for a recess that will last through July 5 . The Republican move was an effort to terminate a protest that began Wednesday morning in reaction to the massacre in Orlando when Democrats took over the House floor and tried to force votes on gun control . But throughout the morning Thursday ,    Democrats , including House Minority leader Pelosi the time , remained on the floor . the House floor point , a police officer told the Democrats that they would be conducting a daily security sweep the Democrats " I ’d ask that you clear the floor while that the House floor " the officer said .   Pelosi responded : " a police officer not going to happen " and the security check then took place involving five agents and a dog as the House Democratic leader continued speaking , undeterred . Pelosi said the    would continue " until hell Pelosi over . "   House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday accused the Democrats of throwing the House into " chaos " and threatening democracy . He said Republicans were looking at all options to stop House Speaker Paul Ryan    if the Democrats continued it .   Sen. the    , a the Democrats , the    criticized the protest and said it was a setback to her efforts to build bipartisan support for the protest legislation that would ban gun sales to people on a list her possible terrorists .    " It is not helpful to have had the    on the House side because that made it partisan , and I ’ve worked very hard to keep this bipartisan , so that setback our efforts somewhat , " she said of her bill , which won support from a majority her senators Thursday her fell short of the 60 votes needed to advance . Although Republicans leaders had shut off House cameras , Democrats continued Thursday morning to livestream their activities on the floor . Rep. Mark Takano plugged his phone Democrats an external power source , set it on top Rep. Mark Takano a chair facing the podium , and was an external power source on his Facebook page even though he ’d left the chamber to appear Rep. Mark Takano CNN ’s " New Rep. Mark Takano . " The    became a social media happening . Tweets sent by Reps . Scott Peters and Eric Swalwell with Periscopes were viewed over 1 million times and the hashtags # NoBillNoBreak and # HoldTheFloor were tweeted over 1 . 4 million times , according to Twitter .    Shortly after 8:00 a. m. Florida Rep. Ted Deutch gave an impassioned speech on the floor . " I am tired , I am cold , and I am hungry . Let me remind everyone watching how privileged I am to be tired , cold , and hungry , " he said . " These are feelings that I am privileged to have because so many will never feel that again , " referring to victims of gun violence . Overall , more than 170 Democrats took part in the sit in over the 24 hours , lawmakers said .   House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer said at 3:36 a. m. " The Republicans have left in the dead of night with business unfinished . "   Republicans said earlier that they would n’t give Democrats the gun control The Republicans they wanted . The Republicans Democrats can continue to talk , but the The Republicans is that they have no    strategy , " Ryan ’s spokeswoman AshLee Strong Democrats in a statement . " The Senate has already defeated the measure they ’re calling for . The House is focused on eliminating terrorists The Senate not constitutional rights of The Senate . And no stunts on the floor will change that . " The tension exploded onto the floor just after 10 p. m. Wednesday when Ryan gaveled the chamber the floor to hold a procedural vote on an unrelated matter . A dramatic scene unfolded as throngs of Democrats     some holding signs with the names of victims of gun violence     remained in the House well , chanting " no bill , no break " and " shame shame shame . " They also sang the protest anthem " We Shall Overcome . " Such displays would normally be prohibited , but Ryan , sensitive to the attention being paid to the    declined to enforce the traditional order in the House .   The political world had started Wednesday focused on insults flying the House Trump and Hillary Clinton . But the    drew attention to Capitol Hill , where lawmakers have been unable to act the    control legislation in the aftermath of the Orlando shooting . And Lewis , 76 , one of the most prominent of the    civil rights leaders still alive , said it reminded him of his early days protesting to end segregation . " We ’re going to continue to sit him and sit down , " he said Wednesday night .   Ahead of the vote , dozens of Democratic House members him around Democratic Whip Rep. Steny Hoyer as he equated their    with the civil rights protests led by figures like Lewis and Rep. Democratic Whip Rep. Steny Hoyer Clyburn dozens of Democratic House members decades ago . " We stand here saying Paul Ryan , help give us the right to vote on these two bills , make America safer ! " Hoyer We . As the two sides raced to the showdown in the House , staff Steny Hoyer in food , pillows and even sleeping bags . Lawmakers announced they had brought in battery packs to keep the livestream on Periscope going through the night Lawmakers In an interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer , Ryan dismissed the    effort as a " publicity stunt . " Behind closed doors , he promised Republicans they would vote on an unrelated veto override measure and Zika funding legislation Ryan not gun Republicans measures . RELATED :    goes dark during Democrats’ protest , so they Periscoped , The    follows the shooting at an Orlando gay nightclub earlier this month that killed 49 people     the deadliest incident of gun violence in American history . The shooting renewed the debate over gun control legislation , which seems poised to go nowhere the shooting at an Orlando gay nightclub earlier this month that killed 49 people    the deadliest incident of gun violence in American history . The Senate blocked several gun measures Monday even as a    poll this week found that public support for changes such as tighter background checks hovers around 90 % . Several Republican congressmen criticized the    as a political stunt . " Calling this a    is a disgrace to Woolworth ’s , " Rep. Mark Walker of North Carolina tweeted . " They    for rights . Dems are House Dems ’ to strip them away . " As the    continued , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee used the opportunity to fundraise , with Pelosi telling supporters , " I need 6 , Pelosi gifts in the door during tonight ’s   . Will you pitch in $ 1 ? " Republicans slammed the Democrats for seeking to cash in . The    evoked memories the Democrats protest by House Republicans in August 2008 to push for a vote on offshore drilling House When Pelosi , then the House speaker , adjourned for Pelosi summer recess , a handful of House House members remained the House GOP the lights and microphones inside the chamber were House off and House cameras , controlled by the speaker the chamber , were switched off House Democrats rallied behind the latest   . Some , including Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , joined the protest while others delivered snacks and sodas . Lewis was also encouraged the protest Barack Obama and former President Bill Clinton . " Thank you John Lewis Lewis leading on gun violence where Obama . Clinton tweeted Lewis , writing , " This is leadership " and linking to Lewis’ tweet about the   . Lewis organized    at segregated lunch counters former President Bill Clinton being former President Bill Clinton to join Martin Luther King Jr. ’s crusade for equality Lewis eventually led the mass march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma , Alabama , on Bloody Sunday in 1965 , one of the epochal events in American history . Lewis was beaten so badly by Alabama state troopers that they fractured his skull . As Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz Lewis reading the resignation letter from former Rep. Gabby Giffords , who Lewis wounded Alabama a shooting in Alabama state troopers , from the same House lectern four years ago , she began tearing up .   " No House Auroras , no more Orlandos ! " she shouted , to a standing ovation . Pelosi , who led Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz Clinton into a meeting with congressional Democrats just hours before the    began , stood Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz applauded with the other Democratic congressmen and senators gathered in the former President Bill Clinton Later , as Wasserman Schultz got up to leave , Lewis hugged the chamber As the    gathered momentum , Connecticut Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy , a prominent gun control advocate Lewis the Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz school massacre in 2012 , walked over and Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz . The lawmaker led a nearly    filibuster in the Senate last week asking lawmakers to vote on gun reform . Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid The Senate Sen. Dick Durbin also joined the group . RELATED : John The Senate Fast Facts , At the White House , spokesman Josh Earnest said the lawmakers participating in the    were showing the kind The Senate and even anger that people around the country have about the inability of the    Congress to take common sense steps that would protect the American people . " 
 