Fremont , Ohio ( CNN ) Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan acknowledged protesters outside two events in Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan home district Monday     a break with many other Capitol Hill colleagues who have largely avoided such scenes     but was met with shouts of disapproval . The Ohio Republican , a    veteran of the House and one of the House most ardent conservatives , spoke with what Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan staff and protesters estimated were upward of 150 demonstrators in Marion , Ohio , at the historic home of former President Warren G. Harding .   Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan then headed about an hour north where Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan talked briefly with a much smaller group of protesters at the Rutherford B. Hayes Presidential Library in Fremont , Ohio , before heading into a presidential trivia contest for children ( which prompted Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan former Democratic opponent to claim Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan was using the kids as " human shields " ) . Jordan ’s tour of Jordan sprawling Ohio district Monday showed the dilemma for lawmakers eyeing up a repeat of the tea party protests which swept Democrats out of power in Congress in 2010     but with the fire and the threat coming from the left this time . And it also shows how deep the anger has bled into staunchly conservative territory . Jordan beat Jordan Democratic opponent 68 % % last year and President Donald Trump won the district by a similar margin . The first hint of trouble for Republicans came two weeks ago , when Utah Republican Jason Chaffetz was confronted by hundreds of angry protesters at Utah Republican Jason Chaffetz town hall . Since then , Republican lawmakers have canceled town halls , while others have split town entirely     heading on Congressional delegation trips to spots like the Mexican border and Europe . Meanwhile , some Republicans have fully embraced the fury : Rep. Mark Sanford huddled hundreds of protesters at Rep. Mark Sanford South Carolina town hall this past weekend , even walking outside to address an overflow crowd . Jordan did n’t give it the " Full Sanford " Monday , but Jordan did attempt some outreach     with varying success . " some outreach     may not agree with Jordan , we may share different perspectives , " Jordan said , as a group of protesters laughed outside the Hayes Library . ( " No , we do n’t agree with you , " yelled one woman , interrupting Jordan . ) " But some outreach     ’re allowed under the first amendment to speak up , and my job is to listen and tell some outreach     where I ’m at , " Jordan said , which resulted in one man mocking Jordan : " Listen and give the party line , no real reasons , no    analysis . " The sight of hundreds of protesters packed outside the Harding presidential home earlier in the day was compelling enough , Jordan said , for Harding to take questions from the angry crowd . But protesters claimed protesters had to force Harding to address protesters . As Harding Home director Sherry Hall attempted to read through a history of Harding from the wraparound porch , with Jordan by Harding side , angry protesters chanted at the " Stop Reading ! " and yelled " Hold a town hall ! " according to video of the event taken by one group of protesters . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell implored Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Republican colleagues last week to face protesters and address protesters ( even though Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is n’t hosting any town halls himself     opting instead for a trio of    fundraisers ) . But the House of Representatives’ chief security officer urged the House of Representatives’ lawmakers to coordinate police protection for House lawmakers public events while House lawmakers were back in House lawmakers home states . ( A pair of Fremont police cars pulled up to Jordan ’s second event , but the small number of police just watched while a few dozen protesters milled around outside . ) The showdowns are likely to be a common sight this week     with town halls in Arkansas , New Jersey and Florida acting like magnets for irate Democrats and even some independents who stayed out of politics until Trump took the White House . Cheryl Laugherty , 62 , a retired librarian from Fremont , Ohio , said Cheryl Laugherty, 62, a retired librarian from Fremont, Ohio did n’t get active in protesting until Trump emerged as a force last year . Since his election , Cheryl Laugherty, 62, a retired librarian from Fremont, Ohio ’s been organizing with other women in northwest Ohio , and stood with a small group protesting Jordan in Fremont . " It ’s been off and on through the years , but his ( Trump ’s ) behavior on the campaign trail this year just clinched it for Cheryl Laugherty, 62, a retired librarian from Fremont, Ohio . I could not tolerate the way , like his made fun of the handicapped columnist , just things his said , " Laugherty said . " And it has n’t changed , the belittling of people and the nicknames . it ’s juvenile . it ’s juvenile bullying . " Jordan said Monday that it ’s up to other Republicans to decide what Republicans want to do , but suggested Republicans honor the First Amendment and hear out the protesters . But Laugherty and others gathered outside the Hayes home Monday quickly pointed out that Jordan has yet to schedule any town halls himself . 
 