’’ ’Former US Sen. Rick Santorum ( ) used ’’ ’Former US Sen. Rick Santorum ( ) first answer at the    Fox News primary debate to rage against the media.’ ’Santorum , who competed in the    undercard debate for the    candidates , castigated Fox and the press for focusing on whether    mogul Donald Trump would attend the    event.’ ’"Listening to what your network was talking about prior to this debate , reminded me of the coverage that many on this floor are getting , " Santorum said when asked if next Monday’ ’s Iowa caucus would be Santorum final stand.’ ’’ " Santorum has polled at the bottom of the pack even though Santorum had a strong performance during the 2012 presidential primary . During that contest , Santorum narrowly edged out former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney ( R ) in Iowa and won a number of states’ primaries and caucuses . " ’But this time around , Santorum has struggled to gain traction or media attention against Santorum    and    rivals.’ ’"This is what the media has been doing over the past year in trying to segregate and take Iowans out of the process , " Santorum said , Santorum voice rising . " What Iowans deserve is to hear from every candidate on an equal footing ! Had Iowans applied the same rules four years ago , I would have been in the ’’ undercard debate . ’’ " ’ ’Santorum , his voice continuing to boom , urged voters to back Santorum over Trump , the Republican    who is boycotting the main event.’ ’"Ladies and gentlemen , you have a chance on Monday to put the record straight about who you want   —    not who will entertain you   —    but who will fight for what you believe ! " he said.’ ’"The entire    to this debate was talking about whether Donald Trump was going to show up to the next debate . The people of Iowa   —    who I know pretty darn well   —    care about issues , " he Donald Trump " Fox anchor Bill Hemmer , one of the two moderators of the undercard debate , pointed out that Santorum is planning to go to the charity fundraiser Trump Donald Trump hosting as part of the   ’s debate boycott . " ’"Are you laying the groundwork for maybe your future , perhaps an endorsement of Mr. Donald Trump " Hemmer asked.’ " Santorum said Santorum simply Hemmer asked.’ "Santorum n’t have anything else to do later that night , so he decided Hemmer asked.’ "Santorum would Hemmer asked.’ "Santorum Trump raise Donald Trump for veterans . " 
 