Washington ( CNN ) As the blowback to Donald Trump ’s public feud with a Gold Star family escalated on Monday , the GOP nominee ’s campaign sent out talking points to congressional supporters urging the GOP nominee’s campaign to come to the GOP nominee’s defense . The appeal did n’t generate much    for Donald Trump . the GOP nominee’s continued     with    parents of a US soldier killed in Iraq left most Hill Republicans perplexed at how the GOP nominee’s would n’t let go of a spat with a grieving couple . Scott Mason , one of the Trump campaign ’s Hill liaisons , emailed congressional supporters Monday afternoon with a lengthy response to the Khizr Kahn , whose speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia drew national attention . In it , Khan offered tough pushback to Trump ’s proposed temporary ban on Muslim immigration and an emotional story about his son Khan died fighting in the Iraq War .    Mason ’s message was for Hill offices to push out the campaign ’s messages via press releases and social media to counter Khan ’s Khan critique of Trump , Trump’s encouraged offices to " forward to me ASAP . " The request came after Republican senator and former P. O. W. John McCain of Arizona , sent out a scathing take down on Trump earlier Trump’s the day for " disparaging " Khizr and Ghazala Kahn . " Arizona is Arizona . It is time for Donald Trump Trump’s the example for our country and the future of the Republican Party . While our party has the Republican Party him the nomination , it is not accompanied by unfettered license to defame those who are the best among us , " McCain said . Donald Trump ’s Trump’s hours , Reuters first reported on the Trump campaign ’s efforts Trump’s get Republicans in Congress to come to the billionaire nominee ’s defense . In the document , obtained from a congressional source , the campaign argued that this the Trump campaign fight between Trump and the Khan Trump’s but ‎"this is really about Mr. Trump vs. Hillary Clinton and who has the best vision for defeating radical Islamic terrorism‎. " It also said : " Captain Khan and thousands of other brave American military members might still be alive today if Hillary Clinton had exercised better judgment Hillary Clinton created the hostile environment for our military in the Middle East . Iraq , Syria , Libya and Iran are areas of upheaval and unrest that are actively acting against American interests . " Khan was killed in 2004 , while George W. Bush was president and before Clinton served as secretary of state . The campaign missive urged its supporters to call on the Democratic The campaign missive to " own up to these mistakes and apologize for the actions they have caused . " There was these mistakes evidence that Republican members were listening to the suggested language from the Trump campaign .    GOP aides told CNN they were mystified that Trump continued the GOP aides the storyline , Trump as late as Monday morning about Khan ’s television interviews , digging in on the position that Khan had " viciously " attacked him Khan Statements from vulnerable Republican senators Khan House members up for    denounced Trump ’s tough language directed at the Khans , and honored them for their sacrifice for the nation vulnerable Republican senators and House members security vulnerable Republican senators and House members Few members actually mentioned Trump by name .    But not Trump’s single Republican seeking to distance themselves from him revoked their support for Few members 2016 Republican nominee Few members GOP Rep. Marsha Blackburn encouraged Trump to apologize to the Khan family Trump’s though , in an interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer . She also urged Clinton to make an GOP Rep. Marsha Blackburn to Pat Smith , a speaker at the GOP convention , whose son was killed GOP Benghazi .    Democratic lawmakers pounced on the issue .    Three House Democrats who served in    military     Reps . Ted Lieu ,    Ruben Gallego ,    and Seth Moulton ,       sent a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan urging him to House his endorsement of Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan 
 House Speaker Paul Ryan 