’   ’ "    Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney met Donald Trump at    Donald Trump golf course in New Jersey on Saturday afternoon , though    neither man said anything definitive about Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney ’s    Donald Trump .    " ’    " We had a far reaching conversation , " Romney told Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney after    the      long meeting . Romney said Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney the two men    discussed the " various theaters " of the world where the US    has interests of " real significance . " ’ ’    Romney said Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney their discussion was " thorough and "    and that he " Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney the chance to speak with the     . " ’ ’    Trump echoed Romney , Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney to reporters that the conversation    " went great . " ’ "    There has been much speculation over whether Romney would Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney on    the role of secretary of state in Trump ’s administration Trump though    Romney refused Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney say anything on the topic when asked by    reporters .   " ’’ ’    Trump’ ’s aides reportedly told   that Trump believes Romney Trump Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney like a top diplomat from " central casting , " though The Times    notes that Trump relishes the Trump tension and drama " of the cabinet    selection process . ’ "    Rudy Giuliani , the former mayor of New York and a      Trump surrogate , was reportedly considered for secretary of    state , though he seems to have fallen out of Trump ’s favor Trump    recent days , according to a detailed profile of the Trump    transition effort from the The Times .   " "    Trump was allegedly Trump by headlines about Giuliani    making millions off of speaking fees as the former mayor was    publicly promoting himself to be Trump ’s top diplomat , reports    The Times . the The Times attacked Trump Clinton , his    general Trump , for raking in millions of dollars    for giving speeches to big Wall Street banks , including    Goldman Sachs .   " "    Trump reportedly floated South Trump governor Nikki Haley ’s    name as a potential secretary of state as well . " 
 