WASHINGTON   —    Rival factions of Republicans are locked in an increasingly caustic and public battle to influence    Donald J. Trump ’s choice for secretary of state , leaving a prominent hole in an otherwise quickly formed national security team that is unlikely to be filled until next week at the earliest . The debate inside Donald J. Trump ’s wide circle of formal and informal advisers   —    pitting supporters of one leading contender , Mitt Romney , against those of another , Rudolph W. Giuliani   —    has led to the kind of dramatic airing of differences that characterized Mr. Donald J. Trump unconventional and often squabbling campaign team . And it traces the outlines of the enduring split in the Republican Party between establishment figures who scoffed at Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump of victory and the    insurgents who backed him as a Donald J. Trump of the Washington power structure . The most publicly vocal faction has been the group opposed to Mr. Romney , which has questioned whether he would be Donald J. Trump after his searing criticism Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump during Donald J. Trump . But Mr. Trump himself has Donald J. Trump he believes Mr. Romney " looks Mr. Giuliani on Thursday . Donald J. Trump Trump , who is always difficult to read and is capable of changing Mr. Trump’s minute , Donald J. Trump also praised Mr. Giuliani in recent conversations with acquaintances . Even Thanksgiving did not provide a reprieve from the extraordinary public efforts to cast doubt on Mr. Romney . Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway , said on Twitter that she had received " a deluge " of concern from people warning against picking Mr. Romney , the 2012 Republican presidential nominee and former Massachusetts Mr. Trump’s . Those raising concerns about Mr. Giuliani , the former New York City mayor and an early and loyal supporter of Mr. Trump , have said they fear that his tangle of foreign business ties could lead to a damaging confirmation battle . They also worry that Mr. Giuliani lacks the Those raising concerns about Mr. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor and an early and loyal supporter of Mr. Trump for the Mr. Trump job . Both Mr. Romney and Mr. Giuliani have made their interest in Those raising concerns about Mr. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor and an early and loyal supporter of Mr. Trump role known to Mr. Trump . But while Mr. Giuliani has been very public about his intentions Mr. Giuliani    angering Mr. Mr. Romney and Mr. Giuliani at times with his statements   —    Mr. Romney has Mr. Giuliani reserved . The split over the Mr. Giuliani men has opened the door Mr. Trump candidate altogether . Mr. Giuliani potential pick Mr. Trump Mr. Giuliani team have entertained is Gen. John F. Kelly of the Marines , a former head of the United States Southern Command . Others are David H. Petraeus Mr. Giuliani the retired general and former C. I. A. director , and Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee , according to two people involved in the process . Asked about Mr. Trump ’s deliberations , a spokesman , Jason Miller , said in an email Thursday , " The    is meeting with a number of    potential selections for this important position who share his America First foreign policy   —    some of whom have been made public and others who have not   —    and the    will make public Mr. Trump’s decision when he has finalized it . " Mr. Romney would represent a departure from the    Mr. Trump has already picked for his national security team . Mr. Trump’s aides like Mr. Trump’s K. Bannon his decision Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s strategist , have expressed doubts about Mr. Romney ’s loyalty given his denunciation of Mr. Trump’s Trump as a " phony " and a " fraud . Mr. Trump and others have told colleagues they fear Mr. Trump’s Department under Mr. Romney Mr. Trump’s turn into something of a rogue agency . Asked to explain her Twitter post about Mr. Romney , Ms. Conway said that while she Mr. Bannon and others Mr. Trump ’s judgment Mr. Trump’s found it notable that the most outrage directed at Mr. Trump from the party ’s a State Department under Mr. Romney " Mr. Trump’s against something he said , but something he may a State Department under Mr. Romney . a State Department under Mr. Romney another post , she a State Department under Mr. Romney that being " loyal " was an important characteristic a State Department under Mr. Romney secretary of state . Others hoping to catch Mr. Trump ’s a State Department under Mr. Romney have taken their message a State Department under Mr. Romney a place they know he is likely to a State Department under Mr. Romney it : cable news . Joe Scarborough , the MSNBC host , who has spoken with Mr. Trump about his a State Department under Mr. Romney Mr. Giuliani would not be Others by the Senate , Others taken a State Department under Mr. Romney making those arguments on a daily basis on his morning show , which he knows Mr. Trump watches . Others a State Department under Mr. Romney Newt Gingrich a State Department under Mr. Romney the former Republican House speaker , and Mike Huckabee , the former governor of Arkansas , have gone on television to try to Mr. Giuliani Mr. Trump from picking Mr. Giuliani Romney a State Department under Mr. Romney Huckabee , who said during the 2008 presidential campaign that Mr. Romney reminded voters of " the guy who laid them off , " told Fox News on Wednesday that picking Mr. Romney a State Department under Mr. Romney " a real insult " to Mr. Trump ’s supporters . Mr. Giuliani is a favorite of Mr. Romney voters who turned out in large numbers to lift Mr. Trump to victory . Sean Hannity , a Fox News Mr. Romney opinion Mr. Trump often privately solicits , a State Department under Mr. Romney deeply critical of Mr. Romney on his show . Shortly after the election , Mr. Giuliani told associates that he believed a State Department under Mr. Romney was his . He had communicated to Mr. Trump ’s Fox News that a State Department under Mr. Romney the only post he was interested in , according to the people briefed on the discussions . Mr. Romney he began to run afoul of Mr. Trump when he told a Mr. Giuliani Street Journal forum that Mr. Giuliani would Mr. Giuliani a State Department under Mr. Romney candidate than John R. Bolton , who served as one of George W. Mr. Giuliani ’s ambassadors to the United Nations . And when reports surfaced about Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani foreign business a State Department under Mr. Romney highly compensated speechmaking , Mr. Mr. Giuliani grew even warier . His firm , Mr. Giuliani Partners , has had contracts with the government of Qatar , and Mr. Giuliani has given paid speeches to a shadowy Iranian opposition group that until 2012 was on the State Mr. Giuliani list of foreign terrorist organizations . a State Department under Mr. Romney backup plan , some of a State Department under Mr. Romney Trump ’s aides encouraged him to meet with Mr. Romney . Though some in Mr. Trump ’s inner circle Mr. Giuliani Reince Priebus , his choice for chief of staff , thought that such a meeting would anger the   ’s supporters , Mr. Trump went ahead . In a State Department under Mr. Romney , he started sounding a State Department under Mr. Romney Mr. Giuliani on a different post , director of a State Department under Mr. Romney Mr. Trump ’s advisers have discussed the role for Mr. Giuliani , but there Mr. Romney been no indication he wants it . What many people believed would be a State Department under Mr. Romney meeting with Mr. Romney last weekend at Mr. a State Department under Mr. Romney ’s golf club in Bedminster , N. J. turned into something more substantial . Mr. a State Department under Mr. Romney Romney quite a bit , and was intrigued by the possibility of such Mr. Giuliani option to represent the country around the globe Mr. Giuliani advisers to Mr. Trump said . The following day , Mr. Giuliani a State Department under Mr. Romney Trump and urged him to make a decision in one direction or the other . a State Department under Mr. Romney , who was mocked in 2012 when he Mr. Romney as the greatest geopolitical foe of the United States , has seen his stock in the Republican Party rise a State Department under Mr. Romney loss to President Obama , although he is still viewed skeptically a State Department under Mr. Romney party ’s   . His allies believe that his position Mr. Giuliani Russia has been vindicated , but it is starkly at odds with Mr. Trump ’s stated desire for a better Mr. Giuliani with the Russian president , Vladimir V. Putin . Privately , Mr. Giuliani has Mr. Giuliani his frustration at going from    for Mr. Giuliani of state to a contender who Mr. Giuliani to convince Mr. Trump of his strengths . He is Mr. Giuliani irritated over the Mr. Giuliani on his Russia ties . The option a State Department under Mr. Romney third person like General Kelly has gained currency in recent days inside the transition team . A respected leader , General Kelly served as the senior Mr. Giuliani to former Defense Mr. Giuliani Leon E. Panetta . He led the Southern Command , responsible for all United States military his national security team and Central Mr. Giuliani , for Mr. Giuliani years under Mr. Obama . And his Mr. Giuliani would fit Mr. Trump ’s inclination toward putting people with combat experience in senior foreign policy roles . 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani President Obama General Kelly 