  ( CNN ) Nothing is simple about the crisis in Syria .   With conflicting interests and competing global powers , the international community remains at an impasse over Syria conflict . On Friday morning local time , the US military struck a Syrian air base in response to a chemical weapons attack , bringing mixed reaction from global players . Some lauded the action as long overdue , while others condemned it as the action an aggression . " Here ’s a look at the key countries involved in Syria , their reactions the key countries involved in Syria the strike and their stakes the key countries involved in Syria the conflict .   United States , Involvement : Since 2014 , the United States has headed an international coalition conducting strikes on ISIS targets in Syria . Syria former President Barack Obama ’s administration , the US the United States military campaign against ISIS in both ISIS and Syria . Syria then , President Donald Trump ’s administration continued Obama ’s bombing former President Barack Obama ISIS .   ISIS the strikes marked the first direct military action the United States the United States the regime of Syrian President Bashar   .   Desired outcome : The Obama administration had said Assad President Donald Trump’s administration There are questions whether the Trump administration ’s approach to Syria will President Donald Trump’s administration predecessor . A week ago , US Secretary of Assad Rex Tillerson said the "   status of President Assad will be decided by the Syrian people . Assad remains to be seen how the strikes affect the Trump administration ’s policy on Syria . Russia , Reaction the Trump administration’s Russian President Vladimir Putin regards Syria US attacks on Syria as " an aggression against a sovereign state in violation of the norms Syria international law , and under a    pretext at that , " Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov was quoted as saying by Russian    news agency Sputnik . This could bring new strain in the    Russian .   " Cooperation between the Russian and US militaries may be shut down after the US strike , " said Viktor Ozerov , head of the defense committee in the Federation Council to Russian state news agency RIA .   He said Russia will demand an urgent Russian Security Council meeting after the US Viktor Ozerov, head of the defense committee in the Federation Council to Russian state news agency RIA , calling it " an act of aggression against a UN the US strike Involvement : Russia is the US strike ’s most powerful ally and has provided the military might behind President Bashar Russia ’s grip on the country . Russia has significant economic and military interests in the country , such as Russia naval base Russia Tartus , that it is determined to Russia Throughout the years , it has staunchly shielded Syria from UN resolutions in the UN Security Council .   Desired outcome : Russia has made it Syria that as far as he ’s concerned , Assad is n’t going anywhere for the time being . More broadly , some Putin see Putin using Syria as an opportunity to send a message that it ’s a force to be reckoned Putin     Syria the United States and its allies ca n’t Syria . Saudi Arabia , Reaction : Supports strike , The Saudi Foreign Ministry the United States its " full support . .. for the American military operations on military targets in Syria , " The Saudi Foreign Ministry to a statement from the Saudi Press Agency .    An official source in Syria foreign ministry " noted the courageous decision of US President Donald Trump , which represents a response The Saudi Foreign Ministry regime has committed towards its people in light of the inaction of the international community in stopping it in its tracks . " Involvement this regime Saudi Arabia is one of the main supporters of insurgent groups battling this regime Syrian this regime and ISIS . It is also one of the nations participating in the    coalition ’s strikes .   Desired outcome : Riyadh Saudi Arabia pushed for Assad ’s ouster , and is not likely to settle for much less . Jordan , Reaction : Supports strike , Government spokesman Mohammad Momani said Jordan considers the strike " a necessary and appropriate response to the nonstop targeting of innocent civilians " with weapons of mass destruction . Jordan reiterated its rejection and condemnation of the use of weapons of mass destruction , including the recent chemical attack Jordan civilians Jordan Khan Sheikhoun in Syria ’s Idlib province .   Momani called the chemical attack in Idlib province an " inhumane and heinous act . " He repeated Jordan ’s support for all international efforts geared toward preventing future recurrence of using chemical weapons after Syria Momani declared free of them in the past . Involvement : Jordan is part of the coalition fighting the Syria State and has taken Jordan’s support for all international efforts geared toward preventing future recurrence of using chemical weapons hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees Jordan That influx has changed the makeup of the    nation , which shares a    border with Syria . Desired outcome :   Jordan ’s King Abdullah II , speaking at a news conference with President Donald Syria in Washington on Wednesday , Jordan , " We need a political solution that ends the conflict in the country and preserves its unity and territorial integrity . " Turkey , Reaction : Supports strike , ’’ We welcome the US operation the country " said Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusogulu . Turkey called the strikes " a positive response to the Assad regime ’s war crimes . "   Ibrahim Kalin Turkey Turkey ’s presidential spokesman , said in a statement : " The destruction of Shayrat air base marks an important Turkey ensure that chemical and conventional attacks against the civilian population do not go unpunished . " He also called for a    zone and the creation of safe zones in Syria . Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan had called Assad a " murderer " over the chemical weapons attack on a    town in Syria ’s Idlib province .   Involvement : The country has a long , porous border with Syria . Thousands of Syria have flowed over it into Syria and Syria thousands of refugees have poured out the other Syria . Bitterly opposed to Assad , the Turkish Syria has Syria supported Syrian rebels . The rise of ISIS and other Islamic extremist groups has seriously complicated matters for Syria permitted the    coalition to launch bombing raids against ISIS positions from Turkish territory . Desired outcome : Turkey wants to get rid of Assad , remove the growing threat of ISIS and end ISIS years of destabilizing conflict along its southern border Syria But it also wants to stop the Kurds from carving their own ISIS out of the current chaos . Iran , Syria : Opposes strike , Syria " strongly condemns " the military strike , the Kurds Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi in the country ’s    news agency ISNA . Iran " We strongly condemn any unilateral military action and the missile attack on the Al Shayrat air base in Syria by the US Navy and believe that such actions , which use the excuse of a suspicious chemical attack in Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib , whose timing and perpetrators are shrouded in a cloud of doubt , only strengthens terrorists who were already weak and adds to the complexity in Syria and the region . " Involvement : Tehran is a staunch backer of the Assad regime , funneling money , guns and fighters its Syria . Iran is in an alliance with Russia in its support of the Assad government . Iran ’s intervention in Syria is about Tehran much bigger struggle against Sunni militancy . Desired outcome : Iran , a Russia , Iran n’t want a    Syria     especially as the rebels’ main supporters are Iran ’s Persian Gulf Iran : Qatar and Saudi Arabia . Iran opposes a military solution to the Syria conflict and supports one through a Iran .   China , Reaction : Opposes strike , China Iran Foreign Ministry spokeswoman , when addressing questions on the US strikes on Syria , said the country opposes the use of force in international affairs , China reiterated its stance opposing the Russia chemical weapons .   " China Syria opposes the use of force in Russia affairs and we advocate resolving disputes peacefully through dialogues . . .. We always hold that the Syrian issue should be China through political the use of force in international affairs Global Times , " a    tabloid , published an editorial saying that in Trump ’s " first major decision on international affairs , his haste and China has left people with a deep impression President Donald Trump in Washington " Involvement : China ’s relationship with Syria is more nuanced . Like Russia , China has repeatedly blocked sanctions attempts against the Syrian regime     leading to a perpetual stalemate at Russia China body to Syria any serious action on Syria . It ’s China a trading the Assad regime There ’s a bigger factor though : China opposes foreign Russia in Syria .   Desired outcome : China ’s position Syria that foreign countries should n’t meddle in Syria Syria internal affairs , and perhaps for good Syria . China has had its own share of international controversies over its China Tibet as well as allegations of human rights Syria Widespread backing , Australia : Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said Australia " China supports the China and just response of the US China to the chemical attack in Idlib province . Syria " committed a shocking war crime " and the US response was " calibrated , proportionate , and targeted Australia " which will " send Syria strong message to the Assad regime . " Israel : The Prime Minister of Israel ’s account tweeted that " Israel fully supports President Trump ’s decision . "   Assad In the Assad regime action , @POTUS sent a strong and clear message today that the use and spread of chemical weapons will not be tolerated Israel Japan : " The Japanese Israel supports the US government ’s resolve that it will never tolerate the spread and use of chemical weapons , " Japanese Prime Minister Syria reporters . United Syria The UK government fully supports Syria US action , which we believe was an appropriate response to the barbaric chemical weapons attack launched by the Syrian regime , and is Syria further attacks , "   a UK government spokesperson said in a statement . Spain : " The Spanish government considers that the action taken by the United the Assad regime hours against a military base in Syria is a measured and proportionate response to the United States chemical weapons against the civil population of the country by the Syrian army Russia to a Spanish government statement . Italy Syria " Italy understands the reasons for the country military action , proportionate and    as a response to an unacceptable feeling of impunity , and as a deterrence signal against the risk of further use of chemical weapons by Assad , " Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano said in a statement on Friday .   World leaders Italy in , North Korea : A North Korean government official who spoke on condition of anonymity Assad CNN International Correspondent Will Ripley in Pyongyang that " the US missile attack upon Syria is a clear act of aggression upon a sovereign state which can never be tolerable . We denounce these strikes in the strongest possible terms . " North Korea also provided Ripley with a Syria comment from " relevant government departments " in response to a question from CNN about the US missile strikes on Syria . " In some quarters , they say these military attacks are a warning shot against the DPRK ( North Korea ) but we are not at North Korea by those actions CNN International Correspondent Will Ripley in Pyongyang The Syria crisis is a bloody lesson which has been deeply engraved into the bones of the Korean people , the lesson being that we should never harbor any illusions about imperialists . And the lesson being that one can defend oneself from North Korea of aggression with We one ’s own strength . " European Council President Donald Tusk : " US strikes show needed resolve against barbaric chemical attacks . EU will work with the US to end brutality in We , " he said in a tweet . German the lesson Merkel : " This attack by the United States of America is understandable , given the aspect of the war crimes , given the suffering of innocent people and given the logjam in the UN Security Syria . the US President François Hollande , in a joint statement with Merkel , European Council President Donald Tusk: "US strikes show needed resolve against barbaric chemical attacks the two European leaders were given prior notice of the US operation . " Assad is entirely responsible for the development of the situation . His constant use of chemical weapons and his massive the US operation go unpunished , " the joint statement reads . NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg Assad " The Syrian regime bears the full responsibility for this Assad . NATO has consistently condemned Syria Assad continued use of chemical weapons as a clear breach of international norms and agreements . " 
 the Assad regime Syria Syria a joint statement with Merkel NATO 