Steve Harvey , the comedian and television host , became the latest celebrity to ascend Trump Tower on Friday to discuss federal policy with    Donald Trump , in this case housing issues . But before Mr. Harvey was off the premises , Mr. Harvey unexpectedly revived a recent controversy over Mr. Harvey comments about Asian men . After the meeting , Mr. Trump appeared together in the lobby . When Mr. Trump left , Mr. Mr. Harvey they had discussed ways he could Mr. Trump with Ben Carson , Mr. Trump ’s nominee to run Mr. Trump Housing and Urban Development . Mr. Harvey Mr. Harvey openly in the past of being homeless as an adult while struggling to start his comedy career Mr. Harvey though he gave no Mr. Harvey on Friday for why he was consulted Mr. Harvey housing affairs . Mr. Harvey said Mr. Harvey invited a Mr. Harvey ago by " both transition teams , " referring to representatives of President Obama and Mr. Trump , and emphasized that the visit was informal . " Well , you know it ’s not my jump into politics , " Mr. Harvey said . Mr. Harvey ai n’t gon na pass a background check . It ’s just me following orders from my friend President Obama who said , ‘ Steve , you gotta,’ as he told everybody , ‘ get out from behind your computer my friend President Obama stop tweeting and ‘ and get out there and sit down and talk . ’ " The Trump team confirmed the invitation . The White House did not comment . Mr. Harvey announced his support for Mr. Trump ’s opponent , Hillary Clinton , Mr. Harvey March in Trump . In September , during an interview with her on " The Steve Harvey Morning Show " on iHeartRadio , he said : " She ’s a mother , she ’s a grandmother Mr. Harvey and we ’re her to put her back her the White House , just flat out . Simply put her " This was just the latest      crossover for Mr. Trump during his transition . Last month the    surprised reporters at Trump Tower by Mr. Trump for photographs in the lobby with Kanye West . For Mr. Harvey ’s part , he said that the incoming president was " a great guy " and Mr. Harvey genuine . " He deflected questions about Mr. Trump ’s history of questionable comments regarding race Mr. Harvey the campaign trail , and was diplomatic about his doubts about Mr. Trump . " You do n’t kill it with Mr. Trump’s conversation , Mr. Trump’s can start it with the conversation , " Mr. Harvey said . " So , you it , one conversation about what people say , ‘ Now , well , it ’s time to see what you do.’ And he said he wanted to do something . " Mr. Harvey also mentioned a Mr. Trump’s in Mr. Trump’s , during his television show last week Mr. Harvey mocked the dating skills of Asian men . At Mr. Harvey Tower , Mr. Harvey said Mr. Harvey unprompted , that he had n’t laughed recently as a result of Mr. Harvey . " I ai n’t been Mr. Harvey that much over the past few days , " Mr. Harvey said . " They ’re kinda beating me up on the internet right now for Mr. Harvey . But , you know , that ’s life , ai n’t it ? " After the meeting , Mr. Harvey put out a message on Twitter , saying that he found Mr. Trump " congenial and Mr. Harvey and that he would " sit with him anytime . Mr. Harvey Here are some edited excerpts from Mr. Harvey ’s conversation Mr. Harvey reporters in Trump Tower Mr. Harvey REPORTER : There have been a lot of doubts Mr. Harvey administration about race . Jeff Sessions , his record in Alabama , some of the things the    said during the campaign about the inner cities . Mr. Harvey your doubts fully gone or are you going to still try and work them out ? STEVE HARVEY : Well , I mean , you know , look , you do n’t kill the campaign about the inner cities with one conversation , but you can start it with the conversation . So , you know , a lot about what people say , now , well it it one conversation to see what you do . And he said he wanted to do something . You ca n’t beat better than that . You know , and so , we he gon na see . I ’ve been put in contact with Ben Carson , which was great , I spoke with him . And so , we ’re gon na get some things started , and they have a plan for the he cities but they need we . And so , that ’s why they called some things . So we ’ll see what I can some things . REPORTER : Do you have any lingering things some things still want to talk we about , that you ’re still concerned about , you have n’t heard quite what you wanted to hear yet ? HARVEY : Well , I mean for this , we got off to a great start . I think it could be the beginning of something . For them to we me here to talk about a specific problem and this that I might be able to help   some things    I know I got a big radio show , I got a lot of people listening every morning . So I ’ve always been concerned about inner city problems because they ’re huge . My mentoring problem , excuse me , my mentoring program has been a part of this type some things   —    and that ’s what I want to see happen . And they were spot on with it . And Ben Carson got on the phone . I met with him over the phone today , but I my mentoring program with    Trump and we laughed a little bit . I ai Ben Carson been the phone much over the past few days . They ’re kinda beating me up on the internet right now for no reason . But , you know , that ’s Trump and we , ai n’t it ? REPORTER : What did you laugh over ? HARVEY : Well we talked about golf . We laughed about my score in golf , his score in golf , we talked about some of the friends that we we in common . Mark Burnett . Talked about TV shows . Things we that . He ’s a fan . we he ’s seen it . I met his daughter , she was very sweet . So his think we ’re off to his good start . 
 we his his daughter 