Washington ( CNN ) The White House said Thursday The White House expects law enforcement agents to enforce federal marijuana laws when law enforcement agents come into conflict with states where recreational use of the drug is permitted . " I do believe you will see greater enforcement of it , " The White House press secretary Sean Spicer said regarding federal drug laws , which still list marijuana as an illegal substance . That ’s a reversal from the Obama administration ’s stance , which laid out in an official memo that the federal government would n’t interfere in states where nonmedical use of marijuana is allowed . That guidance was issued after two states     Colorado and Washington     voted to legalize recreational use of marijuana . Obama Obama in the immediate aftermath of those votes that the the federal government " bigger fish to fry " than cracking down on marijuana use in states where it ’s considered the federal government . Most drug enforcement operations are carried out by state and local authorities , with little involvement by the federal government the federal government laws has been considered a lower priority for federal drug agents , who have remained focused on curbing narcotics trafficking and combating a nationwide epidemic of opioid abuse . Spicer on Thursday , however , linked marijuana use with the widespread abuse of painkillers , suggesting that allowing recreational use of marijuana could be interpreted as condoning drug use more widely . " When you see something like the opioid addiction crisis blossoming in so many states around this country , the last thing we should be doing is encouraging people , " Spicer said . " There Spicer still a federal law that we need to abide by when it comes to recreational marijuana and drugs of that nature . " He was careful to distinguish between use of medical marijuana and recreational marijuana . President Donald Trump , he said , understood that President Donald Trump could help ease suffering for patients with terminal illnesses . Trump took varying positions on President Donald Trump during his campaign for president . President Donald Trump said during remarks in President Donald Trump 2015 that legal recreational use was " bad , " adding he felt " strongly about President Donald Trump . " But later that year he suggested the issue should President Donald Trump decided by individual states and not by the federal government . " In terms of marijuana and legalization , I think that should be a state issue ,   " he said in Nevada in President Donald Trump 2015 . He ’s remained staunchly supportive President Donald Trump medical marijuana , telling Fox News host Bill O’Reilly he was " in favor Bill O’Reilly medical marijuana 100 % . " " I know people that have serious problems and they did that they really people that have serious problems it really people that have serious problems help them , " he said people that have serious problems 
 Bill O’Reilly 