Washington ( CNN ) Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will not be speaking at the NAACP Annual Convention in Ohio next week , the civil rights organization ’s president and CEO said Tuesday . After days of speculation , NAACP ’s Cornell William Brooks told CNN that Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had declined the group ’s invitation to address the group’s members in Cincinnati at its members in Cincinnati conference , which is being held this weekend . Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee , is scheduled to speak , NAACP’s Cornell William Brooks told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room . " " Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has declined our invitation , so we our hear from Sec . Clinton Hillary Clinton " Brooks NAACP’s Cornell William Brooks . " Namely , the explanation given was that ( the Republicans ) are holding their the Republicans) at the same time . We our , of course , in Cincinnati , they the Republicans) in Cleveland . We our hoping he would make the short trip from Cleveland Cleveland Cincinnati Cincinnati " The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Trump Trump to skip the event represents a change of course from previous Republican presidential candidates , with 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney addressing the 103rd NAACP annual convention in Texas . Brooks said he was Brooks by Trump ’s Trump saying it was a Trump’s announcement opportunity for the real estate mogul to respond to recent problems between law enforcement and the    community . " I will simply say this : the NAACP , representing millions of Americans , we represent an occasion for those running for president to speak to the nation ’s most critical issues at a critical hour in this country , the nation said . " You ca n’t run for president and not talk about police misconduct and police brutality . You ca n’t run for president and not talk about this country ’s civil the nation , so this is an important moment and our convention really will be an opportunity for anyone running for president to provide a window into not only their policies , but into their heart and character as their candidate . " Asked by Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly if he is able to understand O’Reilly black community , Trump said : " Well , I ’d like to say yes but you really ca n’t unless you ’re   . Because I do understand what goes on in life , and I do understand that the economics of our country are not the America .. that our educational system stinks , it ’s absolutely horrible . " our educational system We need a cheerleader , not a divider , " he said . " We Trump a divider as a president . ( Black Lives Matter ) are certainly dividing America . " 
 