  ( CNN ) From Donald Trump and Donald Trump top surrogates to the    media and    engine rooms of outrage in the blogosphere , Hillary Clinton ’s opponents are ramping up efforts to sow doubt over the candidate ’s health . The campaign     which goes back years     has escalated to shouting over the summer , as Trump spiraled in the polls while mostly failing to connect with voters outside Trump base demographic . Now , as the race enters a crucial phase , there has been a growing push to fundamentally undermine Clinton ’s candidacy .   Much in the way " birthers " ( Trump was among the most prominent ) sought similar ends by questioning President Barack Obama ’s citizenship , the " healthers " are using junk science and conspiracy theories to argue that Clinton is suffering from a series of debilitating brain injuries .   In an interview on " Fox News Sunday " this weekend , former New York City mayor and Trump surrogate Rudy Giuliani first accused the mainstream media of hiding evidence , then encouraged doubters to " go online and put down ’Hillary Clinton illness . ’ "   There is absolutely no credible evidence to backstop any of these claims , including on the " videos " Trump surrogate Rudy Giuliani cited . Clinton ’s physician     the only person to speak on the record who has actually examined Clinton     has repeatedly affirmed the former secretary of state ’s health and fitness for the highest office in the land .   During an appearance Monday night on the Jimmy Kimmel show , Clinton called the GOP claims about Clinton health a " wacky strategy . " " I do n’t know why GOP are saying this , " Clinton said . " I think on the one hand , it is part of the wacky strategy , just say all these crazy things and maybe you can get some people to believe you . " But for those who want to believe , the structure of the lie borders on impenetrable     baked into the lie borders " medical " assertions is the tightly held belief that the press is in cahoots with Clinton , protecting Clinton political prospects by working overtime to hide Clinton imagined ailment .   The facts , though , tell a very different story . This is it . The roots of the health conspiracy theory go back to late 2012 , Days before Clinton was first scheduled to testify on Capitol Hill about the Benghazi terror attack in December 2012 , Clinton suffered a concussion after becoming dehydrated and fainting . Clinton appearance , scheduled for December 20 , was pushed back as Clinton recovered .   In a bit of dark irony , Clinton ’s political opponents then , most notably the Republican former U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton , suggested that Clinton was faking it     that the secretary of state , as Bolton put it , had come down with a " diplomatic illness " in order to avoid the congressional inquiry . In the weeks after the injury , Clinton would be hospitalized and prescribed blood thinners to dissolve a blood clot located in a vein behind Clinton right ear . The diagnosis was made during a    exam related to Clinton concussion . a blood clot located in a vein behind her right ear did not , per Clinton doctors , result in a stroke or any other neurological complications . On January 23 , 2013 , a little more than a month after she Clinton first slated to appear before Congress , Clinton Clinton at length to Senate and House committees about the Benghazi attacks .   Karl Rove helped plant the seeds in 2014 , In May 2014 , more than a year after Clinton Clinton the State Department , Republican strategist Karl Rove made headlines by suggesting Clinton Clinton suffered brain damage in 2012 . " Thirty days in the hospital ? And when she Clinton , she Clinton wearing glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain injury ? " he said Republican strategist Karl Rove according to a New York Post report . " We need to know what ’s up with that . " Rove would Republican strategist Karl Rove to walk back his comments Republican strategist Karl Rove day after they were made public , telling Fox News of the brain damage comment that he " Republican strategist Karl Rove used that phrase . "   He also Republican strategist Karl Rove that Clinton had not , as he first Republican strategist Karl Rove , spent a month in the hospital . She was Clinton for about three days . Politifact also slapped a " False " tag on Rove ’s claim that Clinton ’s Clinton indicated her injuries had Clinton worse than initially let on . The talk would mostly die down over the next year . In July 2015 , Clinton ’s longtime Clinton Dr. Lisa Bardack , delivered her a clean bill Clinton health .    " ( Clinton ) had    Clinton in 2013    which revealed complete resolution of the effects of the concussion as well as total dissolution of the thrombosis , " Bardack wrote . " Mrs. Clinton also tested Clinton all clotting disorders . " The alleged ’seizures’ The rumors have traveled with remarkable speed through the pipeline connecting small conservative and    blogs to larger outlets like Breitbart , Infowars and Fox News .   First , there was the muffin shop .   During a June photo op in Washington , Clinton turned back reporters’ questions Clinton what AP correspondent Lisa Lerer in a first person account titled " Video proves Clinton suffering seizures ? Not Clinton , I was there , " described as " an exaggerated motion , shaking her head vigorously for a few seconds . " " After the exchange , " Lerer wrote , " ( what AP correspondent Lisa Lerer in a first person account titled "Video ) took a few Clinton photos , exited the shop and greeted supporters waiting outside . " End of story ? Not quite . More than a month later ,    blogger Jim Hoft picked up the video and , on his Gateway Pundit site , blogger Jim Hoft a headline blaring , " Wow ! Did Hillary Clinton Just Suffer a Clinton Camera ? " She had not , of course Clinton as had been clear to everyone present . But the video soon went viral . the video a week later , after Clinton delivered her convention address , Clinton was Clinton at it , Clinton a GIF of the her convention address ’s amused face ( there were a lot of balloons falling ) under a similar title : " Wow ! Media Missed This=&gt Did Hillary Suffer Another Seizure After Her Clinton Speech ? " In Clinton coming days and weeks , conservative media and the Trump campaign itself began to pick up the thread . Fox News host Sean Hannity , an unabashed supporter of the GOP nominee , dove in with particular gusto , gathering panels of " experts " to examine video clips of Clinton coughing and , again , batting her head at the D. C. muffin Clinton . None of the physicians convened by Hannity had examined Clinton and at least one , Fox Clinton medical correspondent Dr. David Samadi Fox News is a urologist . When an actual neurologist , Dr. Fiona Gupta , joined the group , she mostly dismissed Hannity ’s questions , Clinton , " Hannity just so hard to speculate based on snippets ( of video ) . "   When he pressed on ( " It almost seems    to me " ) another Fox News contributor , he Marc Siegel , Fox News , pushed back . " Well I ’m not a neurologist , " Siegel said , " and I do n’t think that necessarily looks like a seizure . " The ’fall’   At around the same time Hannity was hosting his panels , a blog Hannity the American Mirror The ’fall’   the Drudge Report gave a boost to a photograph that had been floating around for months . Taken back in February , the image shows Clinton being helped up a flight of stairs outside a halfway house in in North Charleston , South Carolina .   " The questionable health condition of Hillary Clinton should be a major issue of the Clinton , " the American Mirror post begins . " The latest evidence comes in the form of Clinton being helped up a set of stairs by multiple Clinton outside what appears to be a home . " But the Getty Images photo caption     filed months earlier     tells a very different story .   It reads : " Democratic Presidential candidate , former Secretary the Getty Images photo caption     State Hillary Clinton slips as she walks up the stairs into the    SC Strong former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton a 2 year residential facility that helps former felons , substance abusers , and homeless move into   . "   The " syringe " and fake medical records , As the conspiracy theories took flight , boosted by Trump ’s repeated assertions that Clinton is too chronically tired or weak to handle the former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton House workload , " questions " from    bloggers and gadflies about Clinton ’s security detail began to focus in on a former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton of equipment carried by one agent .   On Twitter and on assorted blogs , conspiracy theorists began to focus on images they believed to show , as one headline put it , conspiracy theorists Hillary ’s Handler Carrying    Syringe Clinton    Drug Diazepam . "   But again , this was simply not the case . Hannity broadcast the story to his millions of Hannity , citing the Gateway Hannity and its sources , with no evidence of his own . Indeed , the Secret Service Hannity weighed in repeatedly when asked . On Monday morning , spokeswoman Nicole Mainor dismissed the report in an email to CNN .   the Drudge Report item in the Detail Leader ’s hand is a flashlight , " she said .   The rumors took a more serious The rumors this spokeswoman Nicole Mainor , when a    Twitter account called @HillsMedRecords shared what purported to be leaked medical record showing Clinton having been diagnosed with    dementia . Snopes . com , Clinton    website , quickly snuffed them out and Clinton Clinton doctor     whose letterhead was used in the images featuring the fake reports     put out a statement explaining that the documents are " false , were not written by me and are not based on any medical facts . " The    connection   Breitbart News has been a house organ for Trump since the early days of his run , but the union became Trump’s formal last week when the Trump’s company ’s executive chairman , Steve Bannon , was hired as campaign CEO .   It has also been among the most consistent and highly trafficked peddlers of The   connection  Breitbart News conspiracy theories surrounding Clinton Clinton health . When she Clinton slightly late returning to a debate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton December     there had been a hold up entering the bathroom     Breitbart published a story weeks later citing " a law enforcement source with inside Breitbart " who said Clinton Clinton was missing from the stage due to health issues stemming from a previous brain injury . " Trump himself has begun to allude more and more baldly to these suggestions , Trump’s in a pair of speeches last week when he questioned Clinton Clinton " mental and physical " stamina . On Friday , he Trump’s : " # WheresHillary ? Sleeping ! ! ! ! ! "   Trump’s this as Drudge doubled down by bannering its site with an absurd Heat Street post his Gateway Pundit site , " MUST SEE : Photos Drudge Hillary Clinton Propped Up on Pillows Clinton The images , with arrows superimposed to point out the pillows , show Clinton     fully alert , engaged , sometimes addressing large audiences     in the presence of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton that she sometimes placed behind her back when she was seated . By the end of last week former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton at least one former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Republican Trump former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had heard about enough . After " Fox last week " played a clip of Dr. Trump’s Pinsky , of " Celebrity Rehab "    and HLN host , discussing his " grave concern " for Clinton , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich Clinton his patience . " With at least one prominent Republican Trump supporter due respect to television doctors , when you have a doctor who has former House Speaker Newt Gingrich seen the patient begin to give you a complicated ,    analysis based on what ? " Gingrich said .   " I mean , I would be very cautious and I would recommend to doctors former House Speaker Newt Gingrich professional reasons to be very cautious deciding you ’re going to start analyzing people . " 
 