Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Dianne Feinstein said Wednesday Sen. Dianne Feinstein believes FBI Director James Comey ’s decision to reveal the agency was     Hillary Clinton ’s emails affected the outcome of the 2016 election . " I think everybody agrees that in one way or another , it impacted the 2016 election , " the California Democrat said on " The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " Wednesday . " Should ( Comey ) have done it (Comey) Probably not . But knowing him (Comey) it was on the spur of the moment and he (Comey) did it it " The comments came hours after Comey (Comey) , during which the official strongly defended his choice (Comey) send a letter to Congress on October 28 , 2016 that suggested the FBI was looking into Clinton ’s email server again after new emails had been discovered on a computer shared by Anthony Weiner and top Clinton aide Clinton Abedin . " It was a hard choice , I still believe in retrospect the right choice , " Comey told senators at a judiciary committee hearing on oversight of his agency Comey " I ca n’t consider for a second whose political fortunes will be affected . " He said Comey idea of impacting the election made him " Comey nauseous . " Feinstein , the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee , said she " Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee " has confidence in Comey . Comey I think overall he is Comey straight shooter , " she said Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee " He always Comey been with me . Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee think he ’s Comey     he ’s Comey influenced by much other than his purpose Comey his job Comey And I think that ’s good . " But in this case , she said,"something Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee that I do n’t know about . " " ’Mildly nauseous’ does n’t sound like he was Comey nauseated by it , " Feinstein said . " But I think it was bad thing to do , and really for me a very disappointing thing for him to Comey . " She said Feinstein alerting Comey of the probe 11 days before election was an " October surprise . " " One of the things he said Comey us , well , one of the reasons for . .. holding the Clinton press conference 11 days before the election election there was such great interest in this , " Feinstein said Feinstein " Well , let me tell you , when Russia hacks into our election systems , there ’s exceptional interest in that too . So that argument does n’t hold up . But he is so sure that he did the he thing and maybe I would say it was n’t the right thing if there was new information . " Feinstein said Feinstein could have he gotten a search warrant to look through the computer and " find there was nothing new there . " Democrats     including Clinton herself     have pointed to Comey ’s probe he cost them the White House Democrats    including Clinton herself     " I was on the way to winning until a combination of Jim Comey ’s letter he and Russian WikiLeaks raised doubts in the minds of people who were inclined to vote for me and got scared off , " the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee said Tuesday in an interview conducted by CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour at the Women for Women International summit in New York . Sen. Cory Booker , a New Jersey Democrat , also called Comey actions " unacceptable . " I wish he would come clean and say Comey did n’t have to do Comey [ Clinton announcement ] , " he said Wednesday on CNN ’s Comey Erin Burnett OutFront . " " It ’s outrageous he is defending himself like this Comey .. this Comey a man not taking this . " President Donald Trump criticized Comey on Tuesday on Twitter . Comey FBI Director Comey was the best Comey happened Comey Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many Comey deeds Hillary Clinton " he tweeted . " The phony . ..... Comey story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election . Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign ? " 
 