( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Republicans are divided over the looming question of who will be nominated as the next secretary of state .    Donald Trump ’s advisers are split in advisers support of Mitt Romney and Rudolph Giuliani . We probably wo n’t hear an announcement until next week at the earliest . Donald Trump is also expected to announce Wilbur Ross , above , as his Donald Trump for commerce secretary . He Donald Trump a billionaire known as the " king of bankruptcy " for buying , restructuring and selling fading companies . K. T. MacFarland , a White House veteran and frequent Fox News commentator , was Mr. Donald Trump for deputy national security adviser . _ _ _ _ 2 . Homeowners next to one of Mr. Trump ’s Donald Trump are protesting by flying Mexican flags . He ’s been feuding with one of Mr. Trump’s Scottish golf courses who refuse to cede their land to him . residents who refuse to cede their land to him Trump even one of Mr. Trump’s Scottish golf courses a Donald Trump block the sea view of one couple and then sent them the bill . It went one couple . _ _ the bill _ 3 . The    and Republicans in Congress are vowing to repeal much or all of the Affordable Care Act . But open enrollment for 2017 is underway , and Americans are steadily signing up or renewing their coverage . More people in Americans than in any other state got insurance through the new exchanges . Many refuse to believe that a benefit they count on would be taken More people in Florida . _ _ _ _ 4 . Rising sea levels are changing the way people think about waterfront real estate . Buyers are asking about preparations for storm surges and flooding , and some are growing wary of investing in areas most vulnerable to the effects of climate change . Some analysts say the impact of a collapse in the market could surpass that of the bursting    and real estate bubbles . _ _ _ _ 5 . President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey is threatening to reopen the floodgates of migrants into Europe . He has accused European officials of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey their promise to accelerate talks on European officials ’s bid to join the Turkey U. And the U. N. is working with Australia on an unusual agreement to move refugees housed in offshore detention centers and resettle them in the U. S. _ refugees housed in offshore detention centers and resettle them in the U. S. ____ 6 _ _ 6 . Protests are continuing against an oil pipeline near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota . A     woman is recovering from severe injuries to her left arm after an explosion A    woman on Monday . She may lose the limb . A    woman police and protesters are blaming each other for the predawn explosion . _ _ an explosion there on Monday . The police in London are facing scrutiny after the killings of four young gay men . The man convicted of killing them was sentenced to life in prison . four young gay men found them on gay dating sites , The man convicted of killing them drugged four young gay men raped and killed them . He ’s also accused of raping four young gay men others The man convicted of killing them The police admitted they might have missed opportunities The police in London him . The police in London are looking into 58 other unexplained The man convicted of killing them in The police in London involving date rape drugs . Above , the family of Jack Taylor , one of the victims . _ _ _ _ 8 . Israel has arrested 22 people over the wildfires that erupted on Tuesday throughout the country and that are still burning . While Israel conditions and strong winds helped fan the flames , almost half of the fires are suspected of being arson . After Israeli officials hinted that they suspected Palestinians were behind the arsons , Arab leaders Israeli officials caution against blaming their community without proof . _ _ _ _ 9 Israeli officials Among our    articles is our obituary of Florence Henderson , who played the upbeat our on " The Brady Bunch . " She died at 82 . Ms. Henderson began her career in stage musicals , but her role as Ms. Henderson Brady made her an enduring TV Ms. Henderson for decades . In a Ms. Henderson interview , she was asked how she wanted to be remembered . Ms. Henderson Probably as someone Ms. Henderson survived for a long time in a very tough business and , hopefully , managed to retain a sense of humanity , " she said . _ _ _ 10 . We ’ve Ms. Henderson our list of the 100 most notable books of 2016 We We ’ll defer to our books editor , Pamela Paul We to describe the We process . " In many ways , the entire year at the Book Review is a    to this moment , " she wrote in an email . " Each week , Ms. Henderson we review a book , we decide whether it deserves We be an Editors’ Choice We At the end of the year , we pull together these 500 or so works and narrow We down to 100 books , 50 fiction and 50 nonfiction . The real winners are readers . " _ _ _ 11 . Finally , there ’s a lot to see on the silver screen this weekend . Our critic liked " Allied , " above , a We War    romantic thriller directed by Robert Zemeckis and starring Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard . The film is " like an expertly tailored suit or a properly cooked classic dish . It ’s not so much a work of art as The film triumph of craft , and therefore a reminder of the deep pleasures of    technique and long experience , " he wrote . If you do n’t make it to the theater , " Gilmore Girls : A Year in the Life " is streaming on Netflix , and we have a few other recommendations for smaller screens . Have a great weekend . _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Your Evening Briefing Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s Wednesday night ’s briefing . ( We took Thanksgiving off . ) What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 We 