Donald J. Trump , who said last week that a    judge was biased against a   judge because of a   judge heritage , said on Tuesday that a   judge remarks had been " misconstrued " and that a   judge did not think that the judge ’s ethnicity created a conflict of interest . " I do not feel that one ’s heritage makes one’s heritage incapable of being impartial , " a   judge said in a long statement in which he a   judge to raise questions about his a   judge in the Trump University case . Mr. a   judge a firestorm last week when he suggested a   judge Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel , who was born in Indiana , was not handling his case the Trump University case of his immigration a   judge , which include deporting immigrants in the country illegally and building a wall along the southern border . The remarks were considered racist by Democrats and Republicans , several of whom distanced themselves from the Democrats and Republicans, several of whom distanced themselves from the presumptive Republican nominee Republican Mr. Trump said in his statement that he had many Mr. Trump of Hispanic Mr. Trump Mexican descent and that he thought that his words had Mr. Trump twisted . Mr. Trump reversal was a rare one for Mr. Trump , who has tended to dig in after his provocative remarks have stirred controversy Mr. Trump However , after many Republicans started to panic about the direction of his campaign he tempered his tone Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump It is unfortunate that my comments have been misconstrued as a categorical attack against people of Mexican heritage , " Mr. Trump said . " I am friends with and employ thousands of people of Mexican and Hispanic descent . " Mexican The American justice system relies on fair and impartial judges , " he added . " All judges should be held to that standard . " Mr. Trump , who did not Mr. Trump Judge Curiel , noting that he was appointed to the federal bench by President Obama . " Due to what I believe are unfair and mistaken rulings in this case and the judge ’s reported associations with certain professional organizations , questions were raised regarding the Judge Curiel ’s impartiality , " Mr. Trump said . " It is a fair Judge Curiel it is not the case . " Heeding calls from Republican leaders to focus on issues that matter to It , Mr. this case he remained focused on bringing jobs back to the country . He Mr. Trump that he Mr. Trump win the Trump University case . " While this lawsuit Mr. Trump have been dismissed Mr. Trump it is now scheduled for trial in November , " Mr. Trump said . " I do not intend to comment this lawsuit this matter any further Mr. Trump In an interview with The New York Times last week , Mr. Trump said it was clear that he considered Judge Curiel ’s heritage an issue : " Mr. Trump building the wall , I ’m Mr. Trump the wall . I have a Mexican judge . He ’s of Mexican heritage . He should have recused himself , not only the wall , for Mr. Trump things . " Some of Mr. Trump Trump ’s Mexican Mr. Trump that his statement did not go far enough . Jeb Bush , a former rival for the Republican nomination whose wife is from Mexico , Mr. Trump been largely silent since exiting the race but on Tuesday said that Mr. Trump should fully retract what he said . " Donald Trump should retract his comments , not defend them , " Mr. Bush Mr. Trump a post on Twitter . Mr. Trump There is no Mr. Trump racism in the Mr. Trump , or this country Jeb Bush, a former rival for the Republican nomination whose wife is from Mexico " 
 Mr. Trump 