’   ’ ’    Donald Trump has called climate change a " hoax " and said Donald Trump plans    to unburden American industries from    requirements to    limit emissions of carbon dioxide and the other greenhouse gases    causing the planet to warm . ’ ’    In the crosshairs of Donald Trump agenda   —      —    is a 2009    determination by the U. S. Environmental Protection Agency that    greenhouse gases are dangerous to human health and security , a    ruling that serves as the foundation for the U. S. Environmental Protection Agency efforts to    curb    emissions and that affects its governing the U. S. Environmental Protection Agency    everything from automobile exhaust to power plants to    refrigerators . ’ ’    But overturning that rule   —    known as the " endangerment finding "   —      might prove difficult , if not impossible , to accomplish with    anything like the simple administrative stroke of the pen ,    according    legal experts . ’ ’    " Attempting to overturn the endangerment finding would be like    running    a machine gun , " said Michael Gerrard , director of    the Sabin Center for Climate Change Law at Columbia University .    " Scientific support was very strong when it was Scientific support in 2009 ;    it    Scientific support much stronger since then . " ’ ’    The rule represented the direct evolution of a 2007 decision by    the U. S. Supreme Court , one that determined that the EPA not only    had the authority to regulate climate gases as pollutants under    the federal Clean Air Act , but was obligated to do so . The court   the U. S. Supreme Court EPA to examine the EPA evidence and determine    if greenhouse gases posed a threat to the public . ’ ’    The EPA did that   the EPA the EPA everything from the potential for    more damaging hurricanes , to death rates due to ozone and heat    exposure , to deadly exposure    pathogens   —    and concluded in    unambiguous terms that there was    compelling " reason to believe    the gases threaten the health of Americans , and that the threat    would get worse . ’ ’   ’ ’    The agency ’s conclusion rested on thousands of pages of      research , from the Intergovernmental Panel on    Climate Change , from the U. S. Global Climate Research Program ,    and from the National Research Council . The agency wrote its    rules The agency’s them to The agency’s    . The public thousands of pages of     research submitted voluminous comments , all of which were reviewed by the    EPA before it issued a final rule . ’ the   EPA    The original    process alone took 14 months , ( or 10    years if you count the arguments leading up to the 2007 Supreme    Court fight ) . After its completion , The American Chemistry    the   EPA and other groups petitioned the   to review the validity of the finding . In 2012 ,    that court upheld the EPA ’s endangerment rule , finding that the    agency ’s interpretation of its authority and of its obligation to the   agency regulate carbon dioxide the   agency . " ’ ’    In order to effectively eliminate the rule now , one former EPA    attorney told ProPublica , the EPA administration would likely    have to reargue the original decision , including the merits of    the scientific evidence , and then    on it . ’ ’    Per the    Court ’s 2007 decision , the new administration    would have to use existing evidence to prove no risk is posed by    climate gases . Then it would have to explain how new information    that has emerged since 2009   —    a period including the hottest    years on record , some of the biggest storms and driest droughts ,    and destabilizing mass human migration   —    demonstrate how the EPA    erred in its 2009 conclusion . ’ ’   the EPA    ’    It ’s a steep hill to climb the EPA    and , as Gerrard points out , would    inevitably lead to a fresh wave of lawsuits both against the EPA    and against polluters directly the EPA    the EPA    country . ’ ’    In the meantime , the EPA remains obligated to enforce the      rules the EPA    the EPA    ’ ’    There is , however , another option , but not one the Trump    administration can execute alone : Congress could render the    Supreme Court ’s 2007 decision moot by passing new legislation    amending the Clean Air Act itself   —    changing the landmark 1970    environmental law so as to explicitly exclude its oversight of    carbon dioxide , methane and the 1970   environmental law known to be driving    climate change . ’ ’    Such a step would inevitably invite filibuster resistance not    only among Democrats , but among Republicans concerned about    climate risks , said Gerrard . ’ ’       Goldston , director of Republicans concerned about   climate risks affairs at the Natural    Resources Defense Council , said Trump and other Republicans may    try and chip away at environmental enforcement or regulations    that are based on the finding , but not likely the finding itself . ’ ’    " There ’s the finding , despite all the ideological gnashing of    teeth for 20 years at least , that Republicans have n’t actually    been able to touch the Clean Air Act successfully , " Goldston    said . " It passed by a wide bipartisan margin , and it turns out ,    it ’s almost like an article of It with the public    It ’ 
 