’’ ’Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban on Monday discussed the 2016 Republican presidential race and the success of    Donald Trump.’ " During a Fox News interview the day of the Iowa caucuses , anchor Neil Cavuto pressed Mark Cuban on Trump ’s lack of specifics . " ’Cuban argued that none of the candidates in the race had realistic campaign promises.’ ’"Let’ ’s put it in context , right ? Is there anything that any candidate has said on either side that’ ’s realistic ?    plans   —    all nonsense . Bernie’ ’s going to pay for everybody’ ’s college   —    can’’t happen , " Bernie’ said , referring to US Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) .’ ’The billionaire investor added:’ " Cuban , a frequent political pundit , said billionaire investor added:’ "Cuban, a frequent political pundit had n’t decided which candidate billionaire investor added:’ "Cuban, a frequent political pundit would ultimately back . " ’But billionaire investor added:’ "Cuban, a frequent political pundit is clearly not a fan of fellow Texan and Trump’ ’s top primary rival , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) . Over the weekend , Cuban even   as " an ABC voter . Anyone But Cruz . " ’ ’Cuban , whose basketball arena   said whose basketball arena   thought the billionaire developer was playing a bit of a " game " with whose basketball arena   television persona.’ ’He told Cavuto:’ " Cuban additionally said that whose basketball arena   thought some of Trump ’s popularity was because of a proven record of success in business and real estate . Cuban said whose basketball arena   appreciated that record , even if whose basketball arena   did n’t support some of Trump’s ’s    policy proposals . " ’He recalled:’ ’"So I think people recognize that he’ ’s accomplished things , and they’’re rallying behind that , " he added.’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’t . Mark have you heard from Adele yet ?     ’ ’Cuban declared that Trump’s had found Trump’s in an ironic situation , given Trump’s   about rapper Mac Miller using Trump’s name in the song " Donald Trump . " ’ ’The Mavericks owner said:’ ’"Adele has the right to control Mavericks owner said:’ ’"Adele own songs . Mavericks owner said:’ ’"Adele owns the copyright , " Mavericks owner said:’ ’"Adele added . " It’ ’s Mavericks owner said:’ ’"Adele deal . And so I don’’t have a problem with don’’t . But I just enjoy the irony of Donald fighting back [ against Adele ] when Donald fought Mac Miller . " ’ " Watch Cuban ’s full interview below : " ’’ 
 