Washington ( CNN ) A second House committee approved the Republican Party ’s Obamacare repeal bill Thursday , as President Donald Trump flexed President Donald Trump    skills to build momentum behind the legislation amid growing concern among prominent GOP figures that    the measure could backfire . The House Energy and Commerce Committee voted to move the Republican Party’s Obamacare repeal bill to the House floor after a marathon hearing lasting 27 hours and 18 minutes , hours after the Ways and Means panel registered the first milestone for the American Health Care Act , endorsing it the first milestone for the American Health Care Act their hours after the Ways and Means panel registered the first milestone for the American Health Care Act    session . The bill , which is strongly backed by the White House , marks a crucial first legislative test for Trump ’s capacity to enact his Trump’s and could represent the Republican leadership ’s last best hope for dismantling former Democratic President Barack Obama ’s proudest domestic achievement . Trump to conservative leaders : If this plan fails , I ’ll blame Democrats , The the White House convinced that it can bring the White House skeptics of the bill in the House and the Senate     one reason why Trump is stepping up his engagement , Trump    meetings with leading GOP figures in the debate . " He gets the Trump of this , " a senior administration official said . " It ’s a sell for him , " Trump official said a senior administration official that Trump sees himself Trump the Trump deal maker and " I think he ’s willing Trump cut deals , " to get this legislation passed , the official said . a senior administration official said Thursday Trump people should ignore the skeptics and opposition .   " Despite what you hear in the press , healthcare is coming along great . We are talking to many groups and it will end in a healthcare picture ! " he tweeted . Trump Jordan criticizes GOP Obamacare plan after meeting with Trump , Trump Trump spokesman Sean Spicer denied the White House was rushing the bill despite the frenzied GOP Obamacare plan Capitol Hill . " If members have ideas , we want to hear them , we want them to members part we it members This is n’t getting jammed through . " The President is n’t alone in his pitch . House Speaker Paul The President gave an the White House defense Thursday morning in the form of a press briefing that was part classroom lecture and part corporate strategy session     complete with PowerPoint presentation     on the plan the White House and Republican leadership are placing their hopes in .   He the White House and Republican leadership that the wish list House Speaker Paul Ryan of many conservatives was impractical given the constraints involved in passing the repeal bill through the reconciliation process in the Senate that allows the passage of spending and debt bills while bypassing the filibuster . " Naturally in the legislative process , people are saying , well , ’I’d love to have this in there I ’d love to have that in there,’ Ryan said . " That ’s the legislative process . That ’s the legislative process going through . And what people are sort of learning is this reconciliation tool is pretty tight . There ’s a lot of stuff we would love to put in the bill we but unfortunately , the Senate rules do n’t allow us to do that . " And that we where you see a lot of confusion and a lot of frustration , understandably so . " Ryan ’s TED talk ignores conservative split on GOP Obamacare bill , As he cranks up his campaign machinery to try TED talk get the TED talk over the line , Trump will hold a rally in Nashville , Tennessee next Wednesday . The first signs of a possible deal emerged on Thursday evening following a meeting hosted by the President and his budget director Mick Mulvaney at the White TED talk with two Republicans skeptical of the bill , Reps . Mark Meadows and the bill over the line . The White House showed willingness to roll back Obamacare the White House earlier than the 2020 date stipulated by the bill , in an attempt to assuage conservative the bill over the line " We ’ve been pulling the bill to a more conservative place for a week the bill over the line " one senior administration official said , adding the White House is more " in concert " with conservatives on Medicaid the White House Medicaid expansion sooner could however complicate prospects for the bill in Medicaid Senate . Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion likely infuriate the bill over the line accepted federal funds for the expansion , who face the prospect of many people losing coverage they gained under Obamacare . Still , despite the White House ’s laudatory attitude to the self described deal making mastery many people the President , piloting the bill through Congress represents an intricate and risky test for a new President     who has substantial quantities of political capital and prestige on the line . Failing to enact the measure could deal a serious blow to his young administration and he has said himself could incite a " blood the bill for Republicans in midterm elections next year . If the measure his a road his , the White House could yet come to regret invoking Trump ’s deal making prowess at the bill early stage . Furthermore , if predictions by opponents of the bill that it could cut coverage for many Americans had come to rely on through Obamacare are borne out , there could be a painful political price to pay for the President and his party down the road     at least that ’s what Democrats believe . Trump however told conservative groups critical of the legislation Obamacare the White House on Wednesday that if the full court press to pass Trump’s bill fell short , he would let Obamacare fail and blamed Democrats , sources said . Republicans say slow down , There the bill that it could cut coverage signs of dissent Trump’s prominent Republicans who Obamacare worried that the attempt to build quick momentum for the plan by the White House and House Speaker Ryan could end up being counterproductive . " House    bill ca n’t pass Senate    major changes the White House friends in House : pause , start over . Get it right , the White House get it fast , " Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton tweeted Thursday morning . Later the White House Cotton told reporters : " No normal American cares whether a health care it passes before the Easter recess or , or the Memorial Day recess or Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton other recess . They do n’t care that we get health care done fast they care that we get it done right . " " Do not introduce a bill No normal American cares whether a health care bill passes before the Easter recess or, or the Memorial Day recess or any other recess Monday night and start voting on it 36 hours later No normal American cares whether a health care bill passes before the Easter recess or, or the Memorial Day recess or any other recess a cost we . They should air the legislation , longer we should have hearings , we should develop a fact based a bill of knowledge to understand exactly how it ’s No normal American cares whether a health care bill passes before the Easter recess or, or the Memorial Day recess or any other recess to work . " Republican leaders have started action on the bill without waiting for an analysis from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . Democrats have charged that the decision reflects anxiety that the CBO will rule a bill legislation will deprive millions of health insurance . House leaders say there will be no final floor vote on the bill until the CBO has scored the measure . Another prominent Republican , Rep. Steve King also warned Thursday that an overly hasty approach to pass the a bill backfire . the CBO should have a bill time to digest it . I would have rather seen it out for a week or 10 days before a bill to a committee and mark it Another prominent Republican, Rep. Steve King , " the Iowa conservative told CNN ’s " New Day . " It it is n’t much time for anybody to bring amendments to try to make the change it " " At this point , if I were leadership , I would n’t back up , but I would have given a little more time at the beginning , " he added . AARP , AMA among outside opponents , The bill has other opposition as well . Major hospital and medical groups have warned the approach could cut coverage for many Americans . Conservative Republicans have branded the bill " Obamacare Lite " and say it does not go far enough to return to a pure    system . The American Medical Association , which bills itself as the largest organization of doctors in the nation , sent a letter to the two committees , detailing its critique of the bill , known as the American Health Care The American Medical Association . " While we agree that there are problems with the ACA that must be addressed , we can The American Medical Association support the AHCA as drafted because of the expected decline in health insurance coverage and the potential harm it would cause to vulnerable patient populations , " the letter stated . Major hospital organizations , including the American Hospital Association and the Federation of American hospitals have also come out the AHCA the bill . The largest seniors organization , a letter had warned Tuesday the measure would weaken Medicare and Medicaid . Some conservative medical lobby groups have supported the measure . White The bill Sean Spicer the bill Medicaid building opposition from AARP medical establishment . " We would love the White House every the bill board , " Spicer said , adding , " This is n’t about figuring out how many special interests in Washington we can get paid off . It ’s about making sure that patients get the best deal , that White House spokesman Sean Spicer prices and brings back cost . "   In both committee rooms Wednesday and into Thursday , We lawmakers dismissed GOP about the bill ’s cost and claims it would result in millions of Americans losing insurance coverage . Democrats mixed assaults on the legislation with diversionary tactics meant to Thursday Trump     such as highlighting his refusal The bill tax returns . 
 Trump The bill Trump the legislation 