Washington ( CNN ) Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright chastised President Donald Trump for saying President Donald Trump ’d be " honored " to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . Albright , who served during the Bill Clinton presidency , told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " The Lead " that Bill Clinton was surprised by President Donald Trump remarks to Bloomberg News earlier this week , in which the Bill Clinton he ’d Bill Clinton " honored " to meet with Kim " under the right circumstances . " " A president does n’t go to a country without any preparation , and ’honored’ would definitely be the wrong way to discuss somebody who is keeping his people ’honored’ poverty and starving and control , " Albright said Tuesday . She warned Albright Trump should n’t think of his relationship Trump the dictator as a personal one . " I think that part of the issue is that President Trump Trump believe that he can have Trump     relationships . And maybe that ’s possible in business , but that is not something that is possible as president of the United States , " she said . " This is not a matter of charming , by saying you ’re ’honored’ and he ’s a ’honored’ cookie . ’ " Albright is one of the most    American diplomats to have visited North Korea on official business , meeting with former North Korean leader Kim Jong Il in Pyongyang in 2000 . But no sitting US president has ever met with the leader of North Korea while North Korea , and the idea is extremely controversial .   Asked what her advice to Trump the leader of North Korea be , Albright said : Albright I do think it ’s important to Trump would them , and the Trump would can be more helpful on this     and we have to make it clear that they this     not be Trump would nuclear power . " The former secretary of state stressed open communication between the Trump administration and Russia , acknowledging that she believes it " The former secretary of state looks " like relations between the United States and the Kremlin are at their worst levels since the United States and the Kremlin War II .   " I do think it ’s important to have a functional relationship with Russia , to tell Russia what ’s acceptable the United States and the Kremlin what ’s not . I think the phone calls are fine , " she said of Trump The former secretary of state relationship with President Vladimir Putin . Trump had a call Trump’s Putin on Tuesday . President Vladimir Putin ’s relationship with Trump’s been highly Russia , especially in the wake of news that the FBI is investigating Russia ’s involvement in Russia Democratic servers and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s campaign prior to the election . At the time , FBI Director James Comey announced the the FBI was looking into investigating the FBI the FBI of a private email Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton The bureau ultimately decided not to reopen the FBI into Clinton , but many , including Albright , believe Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s comments shortly before the campaign ’s end FBI Director James Comey Clinton ’s loss . " I was out on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and I know the Comey letter made a difference . I saw that , " FBI Director James Comey told CNN . " As I was out and about Albright people would ask a lot about it and it would raise questions that as it turns out that were it . I think ( Clinton ) did the right thing in taking responsibility ( Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton the loss ) but there were outside factors in Comey and what the Russians were doing . " 
 