Washington ( CNN ) The administration of President Donald Trump remains largely unfilled four weeks into President Donald Trump presidency , with just 34 of nearly 700 key    positions even having a candidate announced .   According to data from the nonprofit Partnership for Public Service hosted by The Washington Post , President Donald Trump has 14 officials confirmed by the Senate and 20 others are awaiting a vote , out of 696 top leadership positions in the administration .   Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt was the most recent , confirmed on Friday over Democratic opposition in the Senate . President Donald Trump ’s pace only lags slightly behind that of former President Barack Obama , at least in terms of selections . By February 17 , 2009 , Obama former President Barack Obama nominated 38 members of his former President Barack Obama . He former President Barack Obama six more by the end of February .   Obama former President Barack Obama have more nominees confirmed , however .    members of Obama former President Barack Obama team had been confirmed by this date in 2009 , a dozen more than Trump . Like the President , Obama former President Barack Obama was in charge of the Senate at the time .   Trump has Trump every Cabinet and    official , as well as a handful of deputies and ambassadors . Obama had former President Barack Obama named any ambassadors but had many agencies’ deputies selected and several board positions filled , including at the Federal Reserve , Council of Economic Advisers and the Council on Environmental Quality . Unlike Obama , former President Barack Obama also had a Supreme Court vacancy at the beginning of his term Trump He nominated Trump Neil Gorsuch , whose hearings are scheduled for next month . But as Trump continues Trump search for more names to fill out his nascent Trump , he ’s Trump already seeking replacements .   Former national security adviser Michael Flynn     a position that does n’t require confirmation     was forced to resign this week after admitting that he misled Trump President Mike Pence on whether he discussed Trump with Russian counterparts before the inauguration . Flynn is Michael Flynn     expected to face charges but was asked to step down after losing the President ’s trust .   Meanwhile , the former top candidate to replace Flynn , retired Vice Adm. Bob Harward , turned down the position . Harward and Bob Harward White House cited family reasons , though sources close to Harward told Bob Harward he was Bob Harward about chaos at the White the White House he would Bob Harward be able to select his own Bob Harward . Trump has already named a replacement to be secretary of labor after the first nominee , fast food executive Andrew Puzder , withdrew his nomination in the Trump Republican opposition . Florida International University School of Law Dean Alexander Acosta was named less than 24 hours after Puzder withdrew .   fast food executive Andrew Puzder nominee for secretary of the Army , Vincent Viola , also withdrew from consideration , citing trouble disengaging from his business ties . A replacement has yet to be named .   Trump also may have difficulty filling slots because of either concerns from Republicans who would otherwise serve a GOP administration and hard feelings from the Trump camp towards the Trump establishment that fought him . Some Republicans Trump quietly spoken of not wanting to take jobs in the administration , or of concern that they ’re on blacklists Some Republicans past criticism . Many were not fans of Trump during the campaign .   The White House did not respond to a request for comment .   Elliott Abrams , a veteran of the Reagan and Bush administrations , was nixed by Trump for the No Trump 2 job at the State Department after he found out about criticism Abrams made of Trump during the campaign Trump Until then , he had been a he contender for the still unfilled position . After Harward ’s withdrawal , Trump is renewing the Trump for a national security adviser , as retired Lt . Gen. Keith Kellogg fills in the position for the interim .   Trump has blamed the Trump pace of filling his Cabinet on Senate Trump , who have used procedural measures to force the full length of time allowed for nearly all nominees , slowing down the process considerably .   Unable to stop any nominees without Republican support , given the move to a    threshold by former Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid , two committees’ Democrats resorted to refusing to show up for a    vote to deny a quorum , forcing Republicans to reconvene and pass the nominee by suspending the rules the following day .   " I think we ’re setting a record or close to a record in the time of approval of a Cabinet , " Trump said during a    press conference on Thursday . " I mean , the numbers are crazy . When I ’m looking , some of them had them approved the numbers . the numbers .. That ’s all they ’re doing , the numbers delaying . And you look at ( Senate Minority Leader Chuck ) Schumer and the mess that he ’s got over Schumer and they have nothing going . The only thing they can do is they . And , you know , I think that they ’d be better they by approving and making sure that they ’re happy and they ’s good . " Democrats have countered that Trump ’s nominees have had trouble getting their paperwork in and Democrats instead blamed delays on the transition . 
 