St. Petersburg , Florida ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton launched fresh attacks on Donald Trump ’s business record and temperament on Monday , casting Donald Trump’s as a cheat who has repeatedly " stiffed " American workers and a person who appears to take " pleasure " in attacking protesters , journalists and a Gold Star family .   With Election Day exactly three months away , Hillary Clinton kicked off the week with campaign stops in the crucial battleground state of Florida . Speaking to supporters in St. Petersburg , the former secretary of state warned that her the former secretary of state opponent is a threat to both national security and the economy .   " There is no other Donald Trump . What you see is what you get , " Hillary Clinton said . " Hillary Clinton is still the same Donald no other Donald Trump shirts and ties overseas instead of in the United States . .. Hillary Clinton is the same Donald Trump no other Donald Trump to pay Hillary Clinton bills to small businesses and working people . " Hillary Clinton described the billionaire businessman     a prolific user of Twitter     as someone who " can be provoked by a tweet . " " Hillary Clinton is the same person who can be provoked by a tweet and who takes apparent pleasure in tormenting protesters at rallies or a reporter with a tough question     even a crying baby and a Gold Star family , " Hillary Clinton said , referencing events involving Trump last week . Hillary Clinton also offered a direct rebuttal to Trump ’s remarks Trump economy in Detroit , Michigan , earlier in the day , which the GOP nominee billed a major policy speech . " Hillary Clinton wants to basically just    trickle down economics . Now , you know that old saying , ’Fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me ? ’ " Clinton said . " Trickle down economics does not help our economy grow . It does not help the vast majority of Americans . " Stressing the importance of the fall election , Clinton urged the crowd Clinton " Do n’t let a friend vote Trump . " At a    beer brewery earlier in the day , Clinton accused Trump for Clinton in Trump business practice of refusing to pay workers for their services . Clinton workers she has Clinton countless Clinton who were " stiffed " by Trump and told : Trump Just sue us , " and drew on her personal experience of Clinton watched her own father run Clinton small print plan as a child .   " He worked really hard her own father made a good living for my mother , my brothers and me , " Clinton said about her Clinton at 3 her own father , surrounded by thousands of stacked beer cans and large silver brew houses . " That ’s why I just ca n’t imagine     he ’d worked so hard her own father if he had delivered the finished her own father to the people who had ordered them , that they would the finished goods we ’re the finished goods going to the finished goods you . And that ’s what Trump has done time and time again . " 
 