  ( CNN ) It all started more than a year ago , in October 2015 , when Lauren Batchelder attended a Donald Trump rally and asked Donald Trump this question : " I want to get paid the same as a man , and I think you understand that . So , if you become president , will a woman make the same as a man and do I get to choose what I do with my body ? " Donald Trump responded to Lauren Batchelder at a Donald Trump rally , " You ’re going to make the same if you do as good a job , and I happen to be   . "   But Donald Trump was n’t done with Donald Trump response . Donald Trump later took to Twitter to call the a woman arrogant " and said she asked a woman question a woman a " nasty fashion . " That ’s when the cyberbullying started for Lauren Batchelder . A year later , she says a woman is a woman ready to talk about what she faced a woman . " I think the worst day was when someone said my address and they said they were they and they were they to rape me , " Lauren Batchelder told CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin . " I never expected that that would ever happen . " " It made me really angry because to me , someone were they trying to objectify me , " she said a woman    Baldwin asked Brooke Baldwin about Trump ’s claim that she was a woman staffer for his Republican Brooke Baldwin rival , Jeb Bush . Lauren Batchelder said Lauren Batchelder did work for the Bush campaign Jeb Bush but only as a volunteer , and that Lauren Batchelder actually considers Lauren Batchelder a liberal . " I had volunteered for the campaign the Bush campaign think it ’s important the Bush campaign volunteer for people you do n’t necessarily agree with , " Lauren Batchelder said . " I mean , Mr. Bush Jeb Bush very nice guy , but ultimately I am a Democrat , so I would never , ever , go in there with a planted question . " " I think words have actions , " Batchelder said , " You ca n’t just tweet what you think at a moment , you have to think of the big picture . "   Batchelder is still active Batchelder Twitter , but Lauren Batchelder keeps most of Lauren Batchelder tweets private . " I ’ve seen the really bad side of Twitter . And I Twitter that    Trump can use it to make the world a better place , and I urge him to do that Trump " 
 