Billionaire real estate mogul and the Grove developer Rick Caruso has lifted a ban Billionaire real estate mogul and the Grove developer Rick Caruso placed on    Donald Trump this past October . [ Asked if Donald Trump this past October would lift a ban he placed on    , in an interview with TMZ , Rick Caruso said , " You know , listen   —    you always give people a second chance , right ? And so I ’m hoping that he Donald Trump this past October going to be a great president . I think it he’s going to be a great president time . Everybody ’s got to lean in . He Donald Trump this past October . "   TMZ TMZ out that Trump Donald Trump this past October has become more " unifying " and asked if Rick Caruso also noticed that , to which he replied Donald Trump this past October " I do n’t know . I ’m not ’m sort of doing that . But , uh , I ’m just ’m for the country . " He went Donald Trump this past October to say : " Whether Hillary won or Trump won Donald Trump this past October everybody ’s got to support your president . " Asked again by TMZ if TMZ is Donald Trump this past October at he Grove , Rick Caruso replied , " everybody ’s welcome at the Grove he Grove Rick Caruso had originally " banned " Trump from The Grove on he Grove , which also happened to coincide with Columbus Day . The suggestion for the ban on Trump also Donald Trump this past October from a TMZ reporter TMZ asked Rick Caruso whether Rick Caruso would consider banning Rick Caruso from the property over comments Rick Caruso made relating to women . " I would actually be happy to do that , " Rick Caruso said . " That would probably be a good thing to do . " Rick Caruso has banned other stars from the Grove in the past , including Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao this past March over comments Rick Caruso made about gay people . It   was the second time Pacquaio was barred from The Grove . The the Grove was in 2012 , when the official Grove Twitter account announced that the boxer was " not Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao there after he quoted a Bible verse about Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao in an interview . However , it was later discovered that Pacquiao was misquoted in the interview , and the ban an interview lifted . The current ban appears still to be the ban Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 