A group of Hollywood celebrities are calling on Republican electors in the Electoral College to disregard Republican electors in the Electoral College states’ voting results and deny Donald Trump the presidency when A group of Hollywood celebrities casts their A group of Hollywood celebrities ballots on December 19 . [ In a    video PSA released Wednesday , actors Martin Sheen , Debra Messing , Richard Schiff , Bob Odenkirk , BD Wong and others urge Republican electors to be " American heroes " and ensure Trump does n’t reach the 306 electoral votes he Trump in November ’s election . It would take 37    " faithless " electors to prevent Trump Trump reaching the required 270 electoral votes .   " Republican members of the Electoral College , this message is for you , " Sheen , who played a fictional President on the political drama The West Wing , opens the video . " As you know , our Founding Fathers built the the Electoral College safeguard the American people from the dangers of a demagogue , and to ensure that the presidency only goes to someone who is to an ’eminent degree endowed with the requisite qualifications . ’ " " An eminent degree , " chimes in Messing . " Someone who is highly qualified for the job . " " I ’m not asking you to vote for Hillary Clinton , " say several of the stars , including electronic    Moby . " By voting your conscience , you and other brave Republican electors can give the House of Representatives the option to select a qualified candidate for the presidency , " adds Schiff , who played White House communications the House of Representatives Ziegler alongside Sheen on The West Wing . The video ends with the celebrities telling the electors that they would earn their the celebrities respect " the celebrities performing this " service to the American people . " The video was posted The video a group calling itself Unite for America . The video group describes itself as a group calling itself Unite for America   movement a group calling itself Unite for America concerned citizens and volunteers , united against the unprecedented threat of an unqualified candidate taking our nation ’s highest office . " Celebrity PSAs proved a popular marketing tool for Hillary    PACs during the campaign . Some of the celebrities in the Unite for America video , including Sheen , America and Moby , appered in other video PSAs in support of Clinton before the election .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 