  ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know : • Congress focuses on health care . Debate begins today on legislation to dismantle major parts of the Affordable Care Act . President Obama is scheduled to meet with Democrats about resisting efforts to repeal the law , while Vice    Mike Pence will meet with lawmakers from President Obama party to gird lawmakers from his party for a fight . • Rough first day back . Republican lawmakers abandoned on Monday a move to eliminate an ethics office after rebukes from constituents and from    Donald J. Trump . Our writer says   Donald J. Trump intervention raises " alarms among Republicans about his power   Donald J. Trump corral them via social media . " • Trump on trade . The   ’s pick for trade representative , Robert Lighthizer , is a longtime advocate of protectionist policies , a choice in line with Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump on making products in America . That effort has made some Republicans uneasy , but some Democrats are ready to support it . Earlier That effort Tuesday , Mr. Trump criticized   Donald J. Trump for making cars in Mexico . Hours later , Ford said it would expand production Ford a Michigan factory and would drop plans for a new plant in Mexico . • Getting Mexico for legal fights .   Democratic leaders of the California Legislature have hired the former U. S. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. to represent them in any legal Democratic leaders of the California Legislature against the White House . The state is preparing for battles on issues including the environment , immigration and criminal justice . • Latest in Istanbul attack . Turkish officials say they know who killed Turkish officials least 39 people in an assault on a nightclub last weekend , although they did not release Turkish officials name . A video appears to show the suspect recording himself as he walked his the his . • Challenges ahead for Netanyahu . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Netanyahu ultimate survivor " in a political system that destroyed many of his predecessors , our writers say , but the Netanyahu graft inquiry could be different . The political turmoil comes as an Israeli soldier was found guilty of manslaughter today for shooting a wounded Palestinian attacker . The country has been highly divided over the case Israel Rethinking death . One of our most popular stories this week is about Dr. B. J. Miller , who became a triple amputee after a horrific accident in college . He ’s on a quest to change the way we Dr. B. J. Miller, who became a triple amputee after a horrific accident in college , and he pioneered a model of palliative care that aims to Dr. B. J. Miller, who became a triple amputee after a horrific accident in college death as a human experience , not just a medical one . • Megyn Kelly ’s move to NBC from Fox News heralds a major shift in the cable news landscape , and it will give her a daytime show as well as Megyn Kelly’s move to NBC from Fox News Sunday newsmagazine Megyn Kelly Some industry executives outlined the challenges Ms. Kelly will face in those formats . • India Megyn Kelly a major center for cyberfraud , as a result of an abundance of young workers skilled in computers and English . A recent scheme targeting Indian immigrants in the U. S. came to light when two teenage workers blew the whistle . • The price of Bitcoin is soaring , thanks in part to a tilt toward isolationism in the U. S. and Europe , and to trading by Chinese the U. S. virtual currency is worth about $ 1 , 025 , or 140 percent more than a year ago . • U. S. stocks were up on Tuesday . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Welcome to Hell    …      Hell , Mich. Our 360 video follows John Colone , the unofficial mayor of the town , which has a population of 72 . • New to read . We review Aravind Adiga ’s new novel , " Selection Day , " Our religion and cricket . Mr. Adiga " supplies further proof that his Booker Prize , won for Aravind Adiga White Tiger’ in 2008 , was Aravind Adiga fluke , " our critic writes . Also , we look at Roxane Gay ’s new Our of short stories , " Difficult Women . " • Alternate theory about the Titanic . An Irish journalist who spent 30 years investigating the famous sinking says he found evidence that a coal fire in the ship ’s hull weeks before An Irish journalist who spent 30 years investigating the famous sinking set sail played a role in the tragedy . " It ’s a perfect storm of extraordinary factors coming together : fire , ice and criminal negligence , " he said . • Recipe of the day . If you ’re going meatless An Irish journalist who spent 30 years investigating the famous sinking start the new year , try this spinach lasagna . While it bakes , read about Ruby Tandoh , the popular British cookbook author who this spinach lasagna us simply to eat what we love . This month , Melania Trump   —    born Melanija Knavs us Slovenia   —    will become the second first lady to have been born outside the U. S. Louisa Adams , the wife of John Quincy Adams ( president from 1825 to 1829 ) was the first . She was born in London in 1775 . Her mother was English , her the second first lady to have been born outside the U. S. Louisa Adams, the wife of John Quincy Adams (president from 1825 to 1829) the American consul . Their home became the second first lady to have been born outside the U. S. Louisa Adams, the wife of John Quincy Adams (president from 1825 to 1829) essential stop for American the second first lady to have been born outside the U. S. Louisa Adams, the wife of John Quincy Adams (president from 1825 to 1829) , including the future president , who met Louisa in 1795 and married her in 1797 . Louisa arrived in the U. S. in 1801 , when the second first lady to have been born outside the U. S. Louisa Adams, the wife of John Quincy Adams (president from 1825 to 1829) John Adams brought Louisa diplomat son home for a time . Wherever the couple was posted , President John Adams engaging personality stood out . Louisa dazzled imperial courts overseas , and her the second first lady to have been born outside the U. S. Louisa Adams, the wife of John Quincy Adams (president from 1825 to 1829) were the heart of Washington Louisa social life when her husband was Louisa of state , proving to be crucial to his ascension his diplomat son presidency . The question of her " Americanness " became an his diplomat son during his tumultuous term in office . Louisa efforts to defend herself only drew more attention his diplomat son her background . Louisa Louisa to be a Louisa partner to her husband as Louisa served in Congress after leaving the White House , supporting his Louisa efforts . her husband she died in 1852 , both Houses adjourned . A her husband that hers was one Louisa the " longest funeral processions ever witnessed in this city . " Adeel Louisa contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at briefing@nytimes . com . You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox . 
 the briefing 