Supporting Donald Trump is a bitter pill for many conservatives and libertarians to swallow . [ But , to the two of us , a Republican and a recently declared independent , it is ultimately the only defensible decision if us votes are to make any difference on November 8 .   No one should consider staying home on Election Day . Voting third party , while attractive on the psychological level and , perhaps , superficially gratifying on a moral level , is a    luxury we can not afford in 2016 . Either Donald Trump or the Clintons will be the next President of the United States . The certainties that come with electing the Clintons overshadow both the known flaws and the uncertainties of a President Trump . One of us left the Republican Party in 2015 , not in protest over Donald Trump ’s lack of a credible track record on issues conservatives care about , but over the Republican establishment ’s betrayal of the party the Republican Party platform and unwillingness to oppose Obama ’s unconstitutional power grabs . The other was a pledged Ted Cruz delegate to the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , who supported the floor walkout over RNC hijinks on convention procedures and rules , and has since expressed serious doubts over Donald Trump ’s temperament , history and policy   . We still have many of those doubts about both Trump ’s fitness and Donald Trump’s Party ’s commitment to carry out Trump ’s promises , especially on border control , Islamic terrorism , and Supreme Court appointments . Nevertheless , while those doubts and concerns remain , they pale into insignificance when those doubts and concerns to the absolute certainty of the fate that awaits constitutional liberty under the " progressive " rule of Hillary Clinton . Take the Supreme Court vacancies as an example of the    choice we face in November . Are we 100 percent confident that Donald Trump will appoint true constitutionalist judges to fill court vacancies ?   No .   But we are 100 % certain that Hillary Clinton will appoint progressive Hillary Clinton will undermine the 2nd Amendment and other essential freedoms . Are we 100 percent certain that Donald Trump will build a border Donald Trump enforce our immigration laws and say no to another general amnesty ?   No , we ca n’t be 100 percent certain of that . But we know that Hillary Clinton will continue and probably Hillary Clinton Obama ’s outrageous dismantling of immigration law enforcement . She says so . We could list Hillary Clinton dozen other important issues where Trump may disappoint us by not following through on his promises We and a few other issues Trump his policies remain murky at best . But Trump those issues most important to constitutional conservatives , Donald Trump is significantly more likely to follow Trump path than Hillary Clinton . The new " progressive " Democrats have even stopped pretending to respect the Constitution . To them , it ’s just an old piece of The new "progressive" Democrats made the Constitution by history and multiculturalism . The Democrat Party of Truman and JFK is dead , replaced by an openly socialist party committed to massive income redistribution and " global citizenship . " Trump has tapped into the concerns and frustrations of Trump alienated Republicans and " Blue Dog Democrats " whose parties are now unrecognizable to them . He has surrounded himself with and listens those alienated Republicans and "Blue Dog Democrats" other Trump voices who Trump whether they pass the constitutional conservative purity test or not those alienated Republicans and "Blue Dog Democrats" fully support his    mantra of America First . He has Trump , but significantly , adapted his Trump and his rhetoric to his new role Trump potential future Trump . These Trump and more , plus the support of a    number of true movement conservatives , border patrol agents , police fraternities , Tea Party Patriots , military heroes , wildly changing and favorable polling , and the voices that have been pushing us all along —   all have made the case for Donald Trump . And the thought ( nightmare ) of President Hillary and First ( whatever ) Bill Clinton seals the deal . The Republican Party is at a crossroads , and many of the Old Guard and the insiders of the Washington establishment ( what Ted Cruz rightfully refers to as the " cartel " ) are openly supporting Hillary Clinton . Why ? Because she does not Bill Clinton status quo . Donald Trump Bill Clinton . Well , we say , Donald Trump , and we pray that Trump really does mean to turn DC on we head Donald Trump   We know that Hillary will not . DC months now since we Cleveland convention Bill Clinton both of us have been saying about Donald Trump that we will probably we our nose and Donald Trump him despite our we . Because of we ’s contradictory past Donald Trump many conservatives we be doing that Donald Trump 8 . If that is the best you can do , so be it .   But , we have concluded that with so much at that is the best you can do , a reluctant vote we not enough . With Donald Trump we at least have a shot at preserving our Constitution Donald Trump leads us we stand up and say : Donald Trump we we see that your we is only half full . Donald Trump to a nation we on the desert of Political Correctness , that is salvation enough . We would rather spend the next four years fighting a potentially dying Party and an America First President , though both are not    in our principles , than figuring out how to survive a third Obama term run by the feeble , dishonest , Alinskyite heads of the    ( for those who care to see ) Clinton dynasty . There is a very small space between # NeverHillary and # NeverTrump . It ’s called the voting booth . The debates are coming and Election Day is a very small space between #NeverHillary and #NeverTrump fast .   Let ’s fire it up .   Let ’s give our nation a fighting chance . Let ’s win with Trump . Randy ’s is a Colorado attorney , former radio talk ’s host , Tea Party leader , Cruz delegate to the Cleveland convention , and an outspoken critic of the Republican nominee . Tom Tancredo is a former Republican congressman and presidential candidate from Colorado . 
 Colorado 