On the Monday edition of Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will continue our weeklong discussion with experts on what a " contested " Republican Convention in Cleveland is , how our get there , and how what a "contested" Republican Convention in Cleveland is will impact your candidate , your vote , and America . [ CNN commentator and American Spectator Contributing Editor Jeffrey Lord will discuss whether the Trump campaign is too far behind in organization to pull off a first ballot win at a "contested" Republican Convention in Cleveland . He ’ll [CNN commentator and American Spectator Contributing Editor Jeffrey Lord discuss his latest [CNN commentator and American Spectator Contributing Editor Jeffrey Lord , What America Needs : The Case for Trump . Trump John Yob , author of Chaos : The Outsider ’s Guide to a Contested Republican National Convention , will discuss what we can expect in Cleveland . Penny Nance of Concerned Women for America will America her new Penny Nance of Concerned Women for America , Feisty and Feminine : A Rallying Cry for Conservative Women . Breitbart reporters Alex Swoyer and Michelle Moon will discuss the Trump and Cruz campaigns , respectively . Breitbart London ’s Nick Hallett will discuss his story Breitbart London’s Nick Hallett the European negotiators rushing to complete the controversial Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) deal before Barack Obama leaves office out of fear that the deal the controversial Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) deal delayed or even scrapped by his successor . Barack Obama ’ll also hear from our Rome correspondent We Thomas Williams about the Pope ’s recent comments on transsexual children . Breitbart News Daily is broadcast live on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST . It is the first live , conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week . Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show " the conservative news show of record . " Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show . the show " call into the show at : the show " 
 