’   ’ "    Steve Beshear , the former governor of Kentucky , has been tapped    to deliver the Democratic party ’s response to President    Donald Trump ’s address to both house of Congress for one big    reason . " ’    The move may seem odd . Beshear currently holds no elected office    after Beshear second term expired in 2015 ( Kentucky has a      limit for governors ) and is not the traditional idea of    a " rising star " in the party that typically uses the spot to    launch the party into the national spotlight . ’ ’    So why was Beshear selected ? The choice of Beshear seems to be aimed    at one of the Democrats most important policy goals : the    preservation of the Affordable Care Act , better known as    Obamacare . ’ "    During Beshear ’s time as governor , ’ "    embraced the ACA and the Affordable Care Act    numerous reforms . The government set up Kynect , a      Obamacare exchange after the laws passing in 2010 abd expanded    Medicaid coverage for lower income people in the state . " ’    Since then Kynect has been relatively popular . Before    the state move to a federal exchange by new Republican governor    Matt Bevin , 33 % of Kentuckians approved of Kynect while 29 %    disapproved a By comparison    the Affordable Care Act had a 33 % approval and    47 % disapproval in the same poll .   ’ ’’ "    Additionally , between 2013 and 2016 , Kentucky saw the    biggest drop in Kentucky uninsured rate . Currently , just 7 . 8 % of    Kentuckians do n’t have health insurance , a huge drop from the    20 . 4 % without coverage in 2013   " ’    This does not mean that everything was perfect , much like other    states Kentucky has problems with premiums but not as much as    other states . Despite this , the state was relatively    successful in the state roll out of the ACA . ’ ’    Despite the fact that Beshear is not a current office holder , Beshear    history with the the ACA sets Beshear apart to deliver the response    according to most senior Democrats . ’ ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    The logic behind the move is also fairly clear . The repeal and    replacement of the ACA is shaping up to be the first main    legislative battle of the new Congress . ’ ’    Republicans have pushed forward on repeal , but there are    disagreements among the GOP in reguard to a replacement .       the discord of Republicans with polls showing that    Obamacare is hitting its   Obamacare levels of popularity ever , and       Democrats may sense an opening to sway the conversation . ’ " White House Correspondent Sean Spicer    said that Trump ’s speech will not go into detail on a specific    Obamacare replacement plan and the possible proposals from    Republicans are still wide ranging , so it remains to be seen how    granular Beshear ’s response will be on the ACA . " "    Beshear Beshear in a Facebook post about the response , said he Beshear    excited to highlight his Beshear as Kentucky ’s governor . " ’    " ’ ’Steve Beshear , the former governor of Kentucky Kentucky .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 