’   ’ "    Senate Democrats pledged on Monday to reintroduce a bill banning    people on the terror watch list from buying weapons in the    aftermath of Sunday morning ’s massacre at an LGBTQ nightclub in    Orlando , Florida . " ’    Sunday morning’s massacre at an LGBTQ nightclub in   Orlando, Florida left at least 49 people dead and dozens more    wounded . It was the deadliest mass shooting in US history . ’ ’    The suspected gunman , Omar Mateen , 29 , was born in the US to    Afghan parents , and , according to his father , was recently    disturbed by seeing two men kissing in Miami . ’ ’    The the deadliest mass shooting in US history being investigated as an act of terrorism , as    Mateen allegedly pledged allegiance to ISIS and other terrorist    organizations . The FBI confirmed that it had The FBI    two    investigations    Mateen in   Mateen years . ’ "    During a Monday conference call , Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York    said that , if the bill was passed when first brought before the    Senate in December , then the terrorist attack would ’ve been    avoided . " ’    In December , December one day following the San Bernardino ,    California , attacks , Senate Republicans rejected the bill the bill terrorists from buying weapons .   ’ ’    The bill failed on the bill vote . North Dakota Sen.    Heidi Headlamp was the lone Democrat to vote against the bill    while Illinois the bill was the lone Republican to vote in    favor of it . Virginia Sen. Mark Warner ,    Democrat , did not vote . ’ ’    California Sen. Dianne Feinstein sponsored the legislation , and    argued ,    did again during the Monday conference call ’ ’   California Sen. Dianne Feinstein that    former President George W. Bush initially proposed       legislation in 2007 . ’ ’    that we have lone wolves inspired by ISIL , even more [ see ]    the reason to do this than ever before , " Schumer said . " It made    sense 10 years ago , it makes even more sense today . " ’ ’ It The Democratic senator said that the bill might be tucked Schumer recent appropriations bill brought before the Senate by Senate    Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . Senate Minority Leader Harry    the Senate insisted on Monday that his party the Senate be bringing the    bill before Congress " as soon Reid possible . " the bill " We’’re just asking for people to come into this country and go    out and buy a gun , " Feinstein said during the call with    reporters , later adding , " Even if you’’re a suspected terrorist ,    you can go out and buy a gun . And that’ ’s just not    . So I    hope there will be a change . " ’ ’   ’ ’       presumptive presidential nominees , Donald Trump and Hillary    Clinton , voiced their opinions on this issue during dueling    Monday speeches . Trump promised to do ’ ’  ’ ’   Both presumptive presidential nominees, Donald Trump and Hillary   Clinton in regards to    promoting    legislation , while Clinton Donald Trump    solidarity with the Democratic senators . ’ ’    Clinton said : Clinton ’    Schumer insisted on Monday that the bill will do Clinton this time ’ ’    ’ ’    He said : ’ ’    He added that the bill will include provisions for a " Schumer and    ’ ’    " for Schumer placed on the bill watch    list . ’ ’    " Believe me , " he said . " President Bush wouldn’’t have put together    a bill that took away people’ ’s legitimate Schumer . " ’ ’    But , he said , rights don’’t " trump everything . " ’ ’    " We can have both , " President Bush wouldn’’t continued . " We can have people’ ’s rights    protected and we can have safety . And Schumer ’s what this    We does . As I said , George Bush We who was hardly the    strongest advocate of gun control in America , drafted it . " ’ ’    Also on the conference call , Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal    said that " all rights have to be balanced . " ’ ’    " No right is absolute , " he said , adding that the bill " would    provide a due process to remove people from the list Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal    .. that is    an absolute requirement . " ’ ’    " Many of our Republican colleagues who are hardline on individual    rights on this amendment seem to blow those rights away on other    amendments , " Schumer said . " Hardly consistent . " ’ ’    individual   rights on this amendment terms of terrorism , this is the most effective piece of    legislation we can pass , " he continued . ’ ’Senate Democrats pledged on Monday to . .. ’ 
 this 