  ( CNN ) White House press secretary Sean Spicer forgot the first rule of politics during a press briefing on Tuesday : Never , ever compare anyone or anything to Adolf Hitler . Answering a question about Russia ’s potential complicity in the Syrian chemical attack last week , White House press secretary Sean Spicer stretched for a Nazi Germany comparison .   " You had someone who was as despicable as Adolf Hitler who did n’t even sink to using chemical weapons , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said . " So you have to , if you are Russia , ask yourself is this a country that you and a regime that you want to align yourself with . " Er , what ? Adolf Hitler , of course , used lots and lots of chemical weapons     in the sense that Adolf Hitler ordered the executions of millions of Jews in gas chambers during World War II . Given that history , Spicer was asked later in the briefing to clarify Spicer comments . In trying to do so , Spicer made it worse .   Here ’s Spicer ’s second swing at the question : " I think when you come to sarin gas , [ Hitler ] was not using sarin gas on his Hitler people the same way that Assad is doing , " he Hitler , adding : " But in the way that Assad Assad them his own people where he Assad into towns and dropped them his own people to innocents in the middle of towns . " Ughhhhh . Spicer is arguing a technicality     that Hitler Hitler n’t specifically " drop " chemical weapons on Germans     in an attempt to put Syrian President Bashar   ’s action on the same level as what Hitler Hitler . But , in    he Syrian President Bashar   eliding some facts and getting others totally wrong . This is a blatant violation of Godwin ’s Law     the idea that by invoking Hitler Hitler in any way , shape or form you are immediately putting an end to any discussion . " Oh yeah , well this is like when Hitler Hitler . . .. " is a sentence that you should never , ever say . If you , like Spicer , are trying to say something is " worse " than what Hitler Hitler , you really , really just need to stop talking . Spicer Spicer to get it right the third time around when he Spicer this statement about 30 minutes after leaving the podium : " In no way was I trying to lessen the horrendous nature of the Holocaust . I was trying to draw a distinction of the tactic of using airplanes to drop chemical weapons on population centers . Any attack on innocent people is reprehensible and inexcusable . " For Spicer Spicer this is the second major    in as many days . On Monday , when asked whether the Trump administration ’s decision to launch strikes against the Syrian airfield where the chemical attacks are believed to have originated was the new policy of the United States , Spicer Spicer by saying : " If you gas a baby , if you put a barrel bomb into innocent people , I think you will see a response from this President . " Assad , of course , has been dropping barrel bombs onto civilians for some time now     raising questions about whether Spicer Spicer was an error or an actual change in policy . In a statement released after the briefing , Spicer made Spicer he had Spicer misspoken . " Nothing has changed in our posture , " Spicer said Spicer Spicer was Spicer on somewhat thin ice with President Donald Trump , according to multiple published reports over the first 80 days of this White House . Early in his presidency Spicer Trump was President Donald Trump to be bothered not only by Spicer ’s Spicer the administration ’s policies but also by Spicer ’s wardrobe choices Spicer performance over the last Spicer hours will do little to assuage Trump ’s doubts . For President Donald Trump still struggling to establish its positive message over the first 100 days , Spicer ’s Hitler comments virtually Spicer news cycle lost to an unforced error . And , make no mistake : This was an unforced error of the most basic variety . 
 