Washington ( CNN ) Paul Ryan called the Democratic lawmakers’    Wednesday to protest inaction on gun laws a " publicity stunt , " saying that House liberals were more interested in headlines than solving the problem . The speaker of House also told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room " that he Wolf Blitzer not planning on actively fundraising for Donald Trump ’s    campaign , and that he Wolf Blitzer possible agreement between his Wolf Blitzer message and Trump Donald Trump protectionist sympathies . But the    that began earlier in Ryan ’s chamber earned his Ryan . " This is nothing more than a publicity stunt , " Ryan Ryan , saying House Democrats would infringe on Second Amendment rights and do nothing to prevent terrorist attacks . " This is not about a solution to a problem . This is about trying to get attention . " MORE : GOP fails to stop Democrats’    on House House , Ryan Ryan they GOP not take up gun bills that the Senate already voted down on Monday . He Ryan on legislation to be drafted in a " calm and cool manner,’ not through   . Rep. Chris Van Hollen , a Maryland Democrat , said Ryan Ryan were " disrespectful to the nation . " " The speaker should come forward with his own Ryan , " he told Ryan ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront " Wednesday night in a phone call from the House floor . Ryan also Ryan the lack of cameras broadcasting the    saying it was normal procedure when the body is in recess . Ryan has Ryan a tense political relationship with Trump , but he said Ryan did Ryan watch Trump ’s framing speech against Hillary Clinton delivered earlier Wednesday . While he heard Ryan was received positively , Ryan largely Ryan to wade into its merits it though he did Ryan the thrust of Trump ’s Trump is legitimate . " I think people are a little Clinton    Hillary Clinton this country , " Ryan said Ryan " It is totally fair game that he questions Ryan things . " Ryan , Ryan prolific Republican fundraiser , said he was Ryan planning to help fundraise for Trump ’s Trump which raised new alarms this week with a low     figure . Ryan said Ryan would Ryan focus on raising cash for House Republicans , which he defended Ryan in line with precedent . " The leader of the House helps House , just House leader of the Senate helps the Senate , " Ryan the Senate " The nominee is the one who is typically the draw     not the other way around . " The speaker , who is chairing this summer ’s Republican convention , said he was " not signaling anything The nominee delegates " about whether they should feel free to vote delegates conscience and against Trump if delegates so chose . Members of delegates , however , should feel free to do so , he reiterated . Asked if he The nominee Trump , Ryan initially The nominee before Trump that " it depends on the issue . " GOP congressman : ’This is n’t about guns’ Ryan also tried to close the Ryan between his support for    Partnership , Ryan massive trade deal pushed by the White House , and Trump ’s opposition to it . Trump said both of them favored Ryan trade deals , and agreed that the Obama administration had " screwed up " on some key elements . " He says he wants great trade Ryan . Ryan also want great trade agreements , " Ryan told Blitzer . Ryan signaled that he and Republicans Ryan Capitol Hill Ryan check Trump ’s more controversial proposals , such as his ban on Muslim immigrants . Ryan If you want to change a law , you have to pass a law , " Ryan said . " Presidents do Ryan write laws . Congress writes laws . " 
 