’DoubleLine Capital founder Jeff Gundlach said that if the    Treasury yield hits 3 % the   Treasury yield hits 3% would mark the end of the bull market in bonds.’ ’Gundlach hosted ’DoubleLine Capital founder Jeff Gundlach annual " Just Markets " webcast on Tuesday , January 10 to discuss ’DoubleLine Capital founder Jeff Gundlach 2017 outlook.’ ’In what appeared to be a jab at Bill Gross , a portfolio manager at Janus , Gundlach referenced "   bond managers " focusing on a 2 . 6 % yield on the    note as the market’ ’s death spell.’ ’"If 2 . 60 % is broken on the upside   —    if yields move higher than 2 . 60 %   —    a secular bear bond market has begun , " . Bond yields rise when Bond yields prices fall . ’ ’In Gundlach’ ’s December webcast , ’In said a rise in the benchmark    yield to 3 % and above would have " a real impact on market liquidity in corporate bonds and junk bonds . " ’ " Gundlach also warned of a    in the stock market around inauguration day on January 20 , as investors grasp that    Donald Trump does n’t have a magic wand to implement the growth plans investors are optimistic about . " ’’ " Here are highlights from Gundlach presentation : " ’It had the worst start for the the stock market , and ended near    highs . ’ ’When the Dow " made it to   the Dow last week ] I suppose you can call it 20 , the Dow for all intents and purposes , " Gundlach Gundlach . ’ ’"I’’m a little bit surprised that the nervousness about global trade hasn’’t been part of the conversation so far , " Gundlach Gundlach , while recapping comments from analysts that stocks would crash if Trump won . ’ " Gundlach Gundlach Trump ’s earlier Trump for why ’long the dollar’ is not one of the greatest ideas for 2017 . " ’"When you look at the havoc that a strong dollar causes , while there are certain benefits , it sounds better to have a strong dollar than it actually is it " Gundlach Gundlach Trump saying . Trump do think that it’ ’s likely to be supported by the Fed raising rates again , but I really doubt that the dollar is going a strong dollar it above 120 , " a strong dollar added . ’ ’This ’ ’"I have to do with expectations for economic strength . ’ ’President Trump will probably lead to a breakout of the " forever 2 % " growth trend that we’’ve been in , as his election has stirred " ’ ’President Trump spirits . " ’ ’He said this is a good time for investors to peel off some of their US stock holdings and investors assets in India.’ ’The chart illustrates that in 1940 , children had about a 95 % chance of earning more than their parents , regardless of children class . ’ ’This children deteriorated over the decades . By 1980 , the chance of    your parents was much lower . ’ ’"Parents ’’ American dream is that children can earn more than their parents . That’ ’s children away . " ’’ Make America great again ’’ is one way to bring that back , Gundlach said . ’ " Trump does n’t care that much about dropping tax rates on the wealthy . But he may do this in Trump for leeway to expand the deficit to fund his infrastructure spending , Gundlach Trump . " ’"That Gundlach [ a higher deficit ] does tend to work early on and that may be the case with the GDP bump . " ’ ’Government revenue is expected to increase , but spending would increase much faster . ’ ’"The historical pattern would say ’’ recession ’’ this year . That doesn’’t seem very likely to me . " ’ ’’ " A reversal is not likely unless there ’s an unexpected policy change , Gundlach said . " ’Gundlach Gundlach he would have thought that Gundlach the popular vote going to Hillary Clinton , consumer confidence would be down   . ’ ’However , a   has shown that Republicans are feeling much better about the economy than their Democratic counterparts . ’ Republicans rebound in oil prices has helped the manufacturing sector . ’ ’Gold is an example , and Gundlach sees no reason to stop holding it as a diversifier in a portfolio . ’ ’No wonder bond yields have been rising , Gundlach said . " It’ Gundlach amazing how the narrative has changed in six short months . " ’ ’The Fed has been capitulating on its expectations for higher interest ’The Fed , Gundlach noted . ’ " Gundlach , it ’s a little bit different this time because rates are historically low , and there ’s a lot else going on geopolitically . " ’The Fed is more likely to ’The Fed rates in June than in March and two or three times in 2017.’ ’"Almost for sure we’’re going to take out 3 % on the    in 2017 , " Gundlach said . If we Gundlach 3 % ( not 2 . 6 % ) in 2017 , it’ ’s goodbye to the bull market because you would no longer have declining peaks in yields . ’ " A    above 3 % with the    yield approaching 4 % would also be trouble for the equity market because they the bull market look like ’real’ ’ "A   above 3% with the   yield approaching 4% to investors . " " Gundlach said it ’s not radical to forecast a Gundlach % yield on the    by 2020 . " ’One of the great misconceptions , Gundlach said , is that because junk Gundlach ended up with high returns in 2016 , they have low interest rate risk . junk bonds ’"I think there would be a little bit of a shock if interest rates do go up in 2017 . " ’ ’Gundlach thinks that earnings will go up , but " with an expensive market , it ’s kind of tough . " ’ ’Gundlach ’Stocks have continued rallying even though earnings growth has slowed . ’ ’Ideally , you want to hedge out the yen with an    fund when investing in Japan , Gundlach said . ’ ’It would be best to avoid European assets because of upcoming French and Dutch elections , he added . ’ 
 Gundlach 