Last month the voters sent a clear message :   we ’re fed up with business as usual in Washington , and it ’s time for action . [ Nowhere is this more important than on border security and immigration .   The crisis has reached a breaking point , and the American people are fed up .   That ’s why I am glad to see    Trump is considering House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul to be Trump Secretary of Homeland Security .   Trump is the best pick . We need someone like House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul —   a lifelong Texan who knows every inch of the border —   to secure We territory once and for all and protect American sovereignty . Trump has called for a border security surge so that we can gain operational control to keep criminals , cartels , terrorists , and illegals from infiltrating our country . And Trump has the ability to push an emergency plan through Congress to get the wall built quickly and put in place    defenses . But we also need to urgently scrap President Obama ’s    counterterrorism policies and reckless immigration actions .   Jihadists have exploited virtually every route to get into America —   as tourists , students , immigrants , and refugees . McCaul has laid out plans for ramping up security to block terrorists from using any of these pathways into the United States . McCaul joined me in seeking a suspension of immigration from countries that have been compromised by terrorism , like Syria , and has championed " extreme vetting " policies that would make it harder for jihadists to exploit our immigration programs . it must also be the new Administration ’s top priority to deter further illegal immigration .   And McCaul has already said McCaul would strongly back President Trump ’s plan to toss out Obama ’s unlawful executive actions . Having watched President Trump for years in Congress , I know President Trump would end     policies and enforce expedited removal of illegal aliens that sneak across our borders . We can also count on President Trump to cut off federal funding to sanctuary cities that flagrantly ignore our immigration laws , while aggressively deporting criminal aliens from coast to coast . The work ca n’t stop there , though .   I applaud McCaul for pledging to mandate and expand    a system that will keep illegals from taking away American jobs , and I believe President Trump would overhaul our government ’s broken    policies . Finally , we must figure out how to crack down on people who overstay their visas , which now account for almost half of all illegal immigration in the country .   their come through the front door , but then their never leave . McCaul has pushed to implement a rigorous    tracking system using biometric technology to confirm that people who should leave have done so .   If people who should leave do n’t , we need to find and deport people who should leave . This work is too important to trust to a novice .   We ca n’t afford to have someone run the Department of Homeland Security who is learning on the job . McCaul would be ready to go on day one , and I ’m glad President Trump is considering him President Trump # MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
 