During an address at the National Press Club on Monday , PayPal    and billionaire Trump supporter Peter Thiel reacted to LGBT magazine The Advocate and their article that claimed billionaire Trump supporter Peter Thiel could n’t be a homosexual if billionaire Trump supporter Peter Thiel was a conservative , declaring , " If you do n’t conform , then you do n’t count as diverse . " [ " This judgement has been hard to accept for some of the country ’s most fortunate , socially prominent people , " explained billionaire Trump supporter Peter Thiel on the establishment ’s reaction to millions of Trump supporters . " It ’s certainly been hard to accept for Silicon Valley , where many people have learned to keep quiet if many people dissent from the coastal bubble . "   " Louder voices have sent a message that many people do not intend to tolerate the views of one half of the country . This intolerance has taken on some bizarre forms , " he continued , referencing an article from LGBT magazine The Advocate that claimed Thiel could not be a real homosexual if he supported Donald Trump . " The Advocate , a magazine that once raised me as a gay innovator , even published an article saying as of now I am , and I quote , ‘ not a gay man’ because I do n’t agree with The Advocate, a magazine that once raised me as a gay innovator politics , " he announced . " The lie behind the buzzword of diversity could not be made more clear . If you do n’t conform , then you do n’t count as diverse . No matter what your personal background . " " Faced with such contempt , why do voters still support Donald Trump ? " Thiel asked . " Even if they voters the American situation is serious , why would they voters that Trump Donald Trump of all people , could make it any better ? I think it it because of the big things that Trump Donald Trump right . " Moving on with examples , Thiel Thiel that " free trade has not worked out well for all of America . " " All of our elites preach free trade . Highly educated people that make public policy preach that cheap imports make everyone a winner , according to economic theory . But in actual practice , we ’ve lost tens of thousands of factories and millions of jobs to foreign trade , " he declared . " The heartland has been devastated . Maybe    really believe that nobody loses , or maybe they The heartland n’t worry about it too much because they The heartland they The heartland among the winners . " " The sheer size of the US trade deficit shows that something has gone badly wrong . The most developed country in the world should be exporting capital to the less developed countries , " Thiel claimed . " Instead the United States is importing more than 500 billion dollars every year . That money flows into financial assets and distorts our economy in favor of more financialization , and it That money the well connected people , who benefit , a reason to defend the status quo . " " But not everyone benefits and the Trump voters know it , " he Trump . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him Trump Twitter @MrNashington or like his Trump at Facebook . 
 