There they stood , groveling before Barack Obama with they words , but making the case for Donald Trump with they downcast eyes and painfully wrung hands .   The leadership of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) offered The leadership of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) abject apology Tuesday to Barack Obama for allowing Donald Trump to criticize Donald Trump the day before   —    and , worse , for the spectacle of AIPAC ’s members applauding Donald Trump . AIPAC apology was worthy of a Soviet show trial , or a scene from Mao ’s Cultural Revolution   —    and appropriately so , for at that very moment , Obama was in Cuba , doing the wave with Raúl Castro . Did Obama Obama to AIPAC AIPAC indulging that      regime ? And is it any wonder millions of Americans prefer the brashness of Trump , or the boldness of Ted Cruz , to such humiliation ? Notably , AIPAC AIPAC not apologize to Trump Trump Hillary Cilnton ’s speech earlier on Monday . The former Secretary of State ripped The Donald as a bigot and a bully , charges stemming partly from his The former Secretary of State to bar all Muslim immigration and visits to the U. S. temporarily . It is a policy embraced , albeit in error , by the vast majority of GOP primary voters , and is at least understood by the rest . Let us ask an uncomfortable question , since AIPAC is rightly fond of touting Israel ’s achievements : How many Syrians has Israel Israel into the Israel    not for temporary medical help , which the Jewish State admirably provides even to those raised to hate it , but for permanent residency ? Answer : Israel refuses to Israel Syrian masses to resettle in Israel . Because Israel wants to Israel . One is tempted to conclude : Thank God the defense of Israel is not Israel to the likes of AIPAC ’s leadership   —    so weak , so petrified before power , so ashamed of their own existence AIPAC’s leadership   One half expected them to beat AIPAC’s leadership   breasts in AIPAC’s leadership   . They would turn AIPAC’s leadership   holiday of Purim ( or " " according to Hillary Clinton ) into Yom Kippur , atoning for the very fact of Jewish survival . But to condemn all of AIPAC would undermine AIPAC good work it does to maintain strong ties between the United States and Israel . Much of the heavy lifting is done by the thousands of AIPAC activists   —    the volunteers , Jewish and otherwise , who love Israel and who Israel privileged to participate in the American political system by educating their elected representatives the thousands of AIPAC activists   the issues at stake . It is to those activists that the AIPAC leadership should be apologizing   —    not for Trump , but for their own complete those activists to prevent the disastrous Iran nuclear deal . Fighting that deal , the disastrous Iran nuclear deal Howard Kohr declared last year , was the purpose " for which AIPAC was built . AIPAC It failed , because the purpose "for which AIPAC was built and others trusted AIPAC . Yet there he was onstage Tuesday AIPAC apologizing pitifully for Trump ’s courage . Not as if Obama cared . He Obama watching baseball AIPAC Havana while dozens lay wounded and dying in Brussels , including Americans . AIPAC ’s    leaders AIPAC more concerned with representing the government to the people than the people to the government . In the government to be citizens instead of subjects , they are expanding the leadership their that Trump lives to fill . They , and Washington , their him . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Secrets Joel B. Pollak the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 