  ( CNN ) German Chancellor Angela Merkel will run for a fourth term in elections next year , a senior politician in her party told CNN on Tuesday . " her will run for German Chancellor Angela Merkel , " Norbert Roettgen of the Christian Democratic Union said on CNN ’s " Amanpour . " " her is absolutely determined , willing , and ready to contribute to strengthen the international liberal order . But we ca n’t see the Chancellor or Germany as last man standing . " Watch the full video of the Norbert Roettgen of the Christian Democratic Union interview , An electorate seeking stability , Germans have been waiting for months for clarity on whether Merkel will pursue a fourth term in next year ’s elections . Another stint would be significant because a large part of the German electorate is looking for stability in uncertain times after the Brexit vote in Britain , the election of Donald Trump in the United States and the rise of populist movements in several European countries .   RELATED : Will Trump Donald Trump in the United States hold the European Union together ? If she Donald Trump in the United States the position , she Donald Trump in the United States be the favorite to win , political experts say , even though she Donald Trump in the United States facing some backlash over Germany ’s refugee policies and the acceptance of hundreds of thousands of people fleeing Syria , Afghanistan and other nations . Christian Democratic Union spokesman Jochen Blind said Merkel " will announce her Christian Democratic Union spokesman Jochen Blind in due time . " Holding the ’liberal order’ together   On the Amanpour program , Roettgen was asked whether Merkel Merkel willing and desirous of " holding the liberal order , in the    area , together . " " The Chancellor is a cornerstone of this political concept of the West as acting as a global player . So she Christian Democratic Union spokesman Jochen Blind run , and she Christian Democratic Union spokesman Jochen Blind act as a responsible leader , " Roettgen Roettgen . " But it would be impossible to rely only on one person . We need the the West and the West the West . " And this of course means fundamentally and indispensably also the participation and contribution of the strongest part of the West , the West is the United States of America . " Speaking after Trump ’s victory last week , Merkel laid out some ground rules , of sorts , for the incoming American leader . " Germany and the United States , " she said , " are joined by common values     democracy , freedom , respect for the law and human dignity , regardless of skin color , religion , gender , sexual orientation or political beliefs . " Based on these values , I offer close cooperation to the future president of the United States of America , Donald Trump . " A setback in September , In Berlin two months ago , Merkel ’s party was knocked out of a ruling coalition with the    Social Democrats after winning just 17 . 6 % of the vote .     party Alternative for Germany entered Berlin ’s state parliament Berlin the first time after winning 14 . 2 % of the vote . The the vote marked the second recent defeat for Merkel since Germany adopted its    refugee Germany . Germany nationally she is seen as a bulwark against populism and stands for an analytical , unemotional and stable style of politics . Merkel has acknowledged she has Merkel mistakes with she controversial refugee policy . its   refugee policy , I would play back time so I and the German federal government and leaders could have been better prepared , " she said . First female Chancellor , Merkel she 62 , is the daughter of a Protestant minister and was brought up in communist East Germany . She entered Germany ’s parliament in the first the daughter of a Protestant minister election communist East Germany in ministerial posts and as the leader of the opposition before she was finally elected Chancellor in 2005 . the daughter of a Protestant minister became the country ’s first female leader the daughter of a Protestant minister She was    Chancellor in 2009 and 2013 the daughter of a Protestant minister Merkel has been a leading figure in the fight against the region ’s financial crisis . She has blocked bailouts , rejected proposals , the daughter of a Protestant minister pleas and stood up to the rest of Europe . While citizens in France , Spain , Italy and Greece voted out her counterparts , Merkel has been    with the daughter of a Protestant minister of the strongest mandates in the history of modern Germany . 
 