Austin , Texas ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s name is on everyone ’s lips at the 2017 SXSW festival , with performers , experts , advocates and    weighing in on the 45th president . While it is not overtly partisan , SXSW has historically drawn a generally progressive group of musicians , artists , writers , experts , filmmakers and activists , including Trump ’s latest entertainer foe   —    rapper Snoop Dogg , who performed Wednesday night and is set to join artists to advocate for criminal justice reform in a panel Saturday .   " It ’s hard to take your eye off of the Trump train . I think the conference organizers recognize that this year , more than any other year , the conversation will sway toward the political , despite what the conference organizers would like to happen , " Austin Chronicle reporter Chase Hoffberger , who covered SXSW in the past , told CNN . " ( SXSW ) is not designed to be a liberal thing , but the messaging is often liberal , " Hoffberger added . " Mostly because the industries that are involved are de facto liberal industries . "    Travel ban rocks SXSW , Controversy over Trump ’s Travel ban rocked SXSW even before it began , Travel ban SXSW SXSW to release a statement opposing the executive order , which bans nationals of several    countries from entering the US , as well as temporarily restricting refugee entry . " With the announcement of President Trump ’s Trump , SXSW SXSW like to reaffirm its SXSW opposition to these executive orders and provide ongoing support to the artists traveling from foreign countries to our event , " festival organizers said in a March 7 statement .    The SXSW announced a special March 17 showcase featuring " performances by artists from the diaspora of the nations ( affected ) by the White House ’s travel ban . "   " When Trump tries 2 ban you but you get invited to @sxsw , " Faarrow , a band made up of two    sisters , tweeted last week . The White House did not respond the White House’s for comment on this story . Controversy over Trump ’s executive order resurfaced again this week Trump foreign artists said they were last week entering the country by US Customs several foreign artists Border Protection officials . The list includes London drummer Yussef Kamaal , members of the UK ’s United Vibrations , the lead singer of Danish band Rainbrother , Italian band Soviet Soviet and three members of Massive Scar Era , an    band , who spoke out in an interview with Billboard about their interaction with border officials . Several of these artists these artists Muslim . " He said that he knows that I ’ve done everything legally , and He I ’m not lying , but he ’s still not going to let me in , He vocalist Cherine Amr said , referring to a border official . " He said that people are using the festival to protest He I told him we are not going there to protest . " He " Our leadsinger Bjarke has been denied access to the US we the usual tunnel . BUT we ’re still playing @sxsw . Trump is n’t gon we win this one , " Rainbrother tweeted over the weekend . " We will NOT be playing @sxsw . We got hit we the # ExecutiveOrder 😡 @sxsw you we show solidarity RT . .. # MuslimBan # BLM " United Vibrations tweeted Monday . In the past , bands have entered the country on a    visitor visa , which which is issued for tourists but restricts them from any paid work in the US .   tourists left with CBP were not returned . SXSW does not pay performers , but customs officials released a statement Monday announcing that artists must apply for a    visa Monday , which is usually used by athletes entering the US temporarily to perform individually or as a group the US internationally recognized performance . Jonathan Ginsberg , an attorney for SXSW , said the festival is working with US organizations " SXSW an effort SXSW that both the State Department and CBP continue to treat ( performances ) as a valid activity in B or visa waiver status . " " Commenting on the Customs and Borders comment ! Are we an international recognized group ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ? ! ? ! ? ! NO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! " Egyptian heavy metal band Massive Scar Era tweeted Monday . Some SXSW performers are internationally recognized , but one of the purposes of the festival is to support new ,    artists with     experience SXSW national or international spotlight . Questions over the festival ’s stance on the ban came along with controversy over what SXSW be a deportation clause applicable to international artists in the festival ’s artist performance agreement . New York punk band Told Slant shared SXSW Twitter and threatened to boycott the event , along with other bands . Organizers eliminated the language , which previously stated that the festival could " notify the appropriate U. S. immigration authorities " if they " or SXSW have acted in ways that adversely affect the viability of their official the appropriate U. S. immigration authorities showcase . the appropriate U. S. immigration authorities   " I ’m happy that sxsw agreed to make changes they "or their representatives their contract so that it no longer threatens deportation as a SXSW of controlling artists , " SXSW of Told Slant tweeted . " We will remove the option of notifying immigration authorities in situations where a foreign artist might ’adversely affect the viability of Artist ’s official showcase,’ " organizers said in a statement released on the festival ’s website .   " Safety is a primary concern for SXSW , and we report any safety issues to local authorities . It is not SXSW ’s duty or authority to escalate a matter beyond local authorities , " they continued . SXSW is a big theme , Discussions and debates about Trump and his policies local authorities this week in lecture halls , meeting rooms , concert venues and street corners Trump making the President , who was not invited to speak at the festival , an omnipresent force . " This year , the fact that everyone is talking exclusively about world order and Donald Trump , it stands to reason that that ’s what the conference will have a bit Trump a focus on ( that ) , " Hoffberger said . While politics have always had a place at SXSW , this year , the national surge in activism has made its way into panel discussions represented in various This year     technology , film , music and interactives . the national surge in activism Panels focused on activism in the age of Trump include the following : " Civil Discourse in the Age of a   " " From Meme to Protest : What ’s Next for Online Activism , " " All the Rage : Female Activism and Altruistic Design , " " For Games to Evolve They Need to Get Political , " " How Elections Change Next Gen Cause Engagement " and " Power   Perils of Digital Activism Meet Up . " Tech experts and advocates participated in various    panels , including , " Tech Under Trump , " " Tech Advocates and Trump : Best Strategies So Far , " " How Will Trump Steer Car and Transportation Tech ? " " Tech Activism : More Than a Hashtag , " " Trump , China , and Trade Wars : Tech in the Trenches ? " and " Head Fakes and Pivots : Trump Punk Sillicon Valley . "   In the latter , author Baratunde Thurston addressed how the tech industry failed to predict Trump ’s win and what lessons could be learned from it . The format of the festival also creates room for political discussions and according to Hoffberger , the the tech industry of the various verticals on the schedule this year has created more opportunities for    conversations .   " The festival itself is very kind of do your own thing and put it out there for people to the festival " the Austin Chronicle ’s music editor Raoul Hernandez said . " your own thing ’s so big that ( organizers ) know that they ca n’t control the party . The genie is out of the bottle . " 
 (organizers) 