  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump may just have bet the farm . President Donald Trump said Friday that President Donald Trump was ready to testify under oath to special counsel Robert Mueller to deny former FBI chief James Comey ’s claim that President Donald Trump asked him President Donald Trump back off his President Donald Trump into former national security adviser Michael Flynn . " I did n’t say that , " Trump President Donald Trump of the ’s claim that the President asked him to back off his investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn Asked at former national security adviser Michael Flynn Rose Garden news conference whether he President Donald Trump testify under oath to Mueller special counsel Robert Mueller that effect , Trump President Donald Trump : " 100 percent . " He President Donald Trump , " I would be glad to tell him President Donald Trump what I just told you . " The President Donald Trump could signal that he is convinced President Donald Trump has done President Donald Trump wrong and that Comey ’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday is no more than a lie . Effectively , he was establishing a straight comparison Comey his word and Comey ’s on Comey went on Comey meetings and phone calls that made the former FBI chief so uncomfortable that he wrote down what happened . the former FBI chief , it ’s possible that Trump may be calculating that there is no incriminating , objective proof about what occurred , leaving two irreconcilable versions of the same encounters . CNN presidential historian Douglas Brinkley said that in two recent parallel situations in which Presidents Bill Clinton and Richard Nixon were accused of wrongdoing , there was accompanying incontrovertible evidence . " In Clinton ’s case , there was Bill Clinton Lewinsky ’s blue dress . In Watergate , you had the White House tapes . We do n’t have the smoking gun evidence at this juncture , " Brinkley said . Significantly , Trump CNN presidential historian Douglas Brinkley used his appearance on Friday to deliver Trump broad hint that there are not , despite his earlier warning to Comey on Trump , any tapes Trump their meetings and phone calls . If such tapes exist , they could provide corroboration of either such tapes ’s comments or Comey ’s Trump their meetings , Trump the former FBI chief detailed in memos he gave to the special counsel , and which may add credibility to his version of events . " You he struggling to find a scenario that actually makes sense because it stretches the imagination . What the President has done is put himself in a very precarious position , the President CNN legal analyst Laura Coates said on " New Day " on Saturday .   A court of law and the court of public opinion is likely to give some weight to Comey ’s memos of what he saw and heard , Coates said Comey Comey testified on Thursday CNN legal analyst Laura Coates he suddenly Comey up in the middle Comey the night a few days after Trump tweeted that he better hope there were not tapes Comey with the same thought . " Lordy , I hope there are tapes , " Comey said at the hearing . Trump Comey aggressive strategy since the Comey Trump would be a rash the hearing such tapes , which the law would require him to hand over to investigators , Trump stashed away somewhere in the White House . He told reporters on Friday that he Trump reveal if there are any Trump " over a fairly short period of time . " Then he added a teasing , cryptic comment Trump could indicate no such recordings exist .   " Oh , you ’re going to be very disappointed when you hear the answer , do n’t worry , " Trump told reporters . Still , Trump ’s approach represents a serious gamble , that Trump him into deep legal and political waters if if backfires Trump For one thing , if he were to go under oath with Mueller , he Trump not know for sure what kind of evidence Trump special counsel would bring to the table . And depending on the conditions of the encounter , Trump might also open himself up to questioning on other Trump , and risk Trump something that may later turn out to be untrue and place himself in legal and political jeopardy . " What was Trump interesting to me is his willingness to say ’I will say this Trump oath’ Trump .. that message is     we will take the he said , he said . .. and may the Trump , if Trump will , man win , " Michael Zeldin , a former special assistant to Mueller when the special counsel headed the FBI , told CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin Friday . Comey ’s verbatim notes written after his meetings with Trump Trump likely put his evidence in Trump more credible light than Trump ’s Trump should the President not have a record Trump his own conversations , Zeldin said . " If there the President a tie , I think that helps tip the tie toward the Comey side , " he said . Even so , Trump is questionable whether Zeldin    House of Representatives would move towards impeachment proceedings in a case simply based upon Comey ’s word against Trump ’s . That may be the reason why the President , even if he is not telling the entire truth about his meetings the President Comey , believes it is unlikely he the President ever have to pay up on the bet the President he made Friday . And there is also no guarantee the President Trump , despite saying he would testify before Mueller , Trump not change his the President about going under oath given the risks , the President could be compelled to do so . 
 