  ( CNN ) A longtime friend of President Donald Trump is defending former campaign chairman Paul Manafort in the wake of a report that A longtime friend of President Donald Trump consulting firm received at least $ 1 . 2 million in payments from a    political party in Ukraine . According to the Associated Press , financial records prove the payments , which were listed in a handwritten ledger , were made in 2007 and 2009     years before former campaign chairman Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign . Ukrainian investigators claimed a handwritten ledger proved the payments, which were listed in a handwritten ledger were made secretly . former campaign chairman Paul Manafort spokesman Jason Maloni , however , called any allegation of improper secret payments " totally misleading and incorrect . " Manafort former campaign chairman Paul Manafort have also been in discussions with the Justice Department for Manafort to former campaign chairman Paul Manafort as a foreign agent in a bid to resolve questions about his past work for a foreign agent , according to CNN sources briefed on the talks . On CNN ’s " Outfront CNN on Wednesday , Erin Burnett asked Tom Barrack , who chaired Trump ’s inaugural committee , if there was any chance Manafort was compromised or colluded with Russians in an attempt to rig the election for Trump . Barrack , Trump’s has known Manafort for more than 30 years , said " it ’s heresy , it ’s impossible . it   " Number one , " he said , " Barrack, who has known Manafort for more than 30 years    had no inclination of Russia , it was n’t on the    radar , it Barrack, who has known Manafort for more than 30 years no purpose the    domestic policy . " Barrack then went on to praise Manafort , who he said did " Barrack, who has known Manafort for more than 30 years A+ job " for the campaign . He said Manafort is Barrack, who has known Manafort for more than 30 years credible , he ’s reliable , Barrack, who has known Manafort for more than 30 years ’s an unbelievable Barrack, who has known Manafort for more than 30 years , I found his character be bulletproof Barrack, who has known Manafort for more than 30 years " " I know the man , " Barrack, who has known Manafort for more than 30 years . " I Barrack the character of the man his character that election , I know what happened during the convention , and I would have a hard time believing it , although I do n’t have any access to that election facts . " He also downplayed any suggestion of Barrack, who has known Manafort for more than 30 years within the Trump administration despite the fact that Trump has distanced himself from Chief Strategist Steve Bannon , predicting that Bannon Trump not going anywhere . Barrack said Bannon is Chief Strategist Steve Bannon of the " really bright people " Chief Strategist Steve Bannon has surrounded himself with , and that Trump " Trump different points Trump view and he encourages Trump them . " " What happens is Trump misunderstanding sometimes on the outside , that of course you ’re going to have fights inside of a sandbox that are on purpose , and the President then curates a point of view to determine what he wants to do and he adapts , " he said Trump Barrack also praised the Trump administration , saying Trump there is more harmony , they ’re better organized , " and that " in my the Trump administration , it ’s running better today than it ’s ever run . the Trump administration The comments came just hours the Trump administration Barrack met with Trump at the White House . Asked about Barrack meeting , the Trump administration said " what he said was actually less important than Barrack he looked and Barrack he felt . " " He was Barrack most sanguine , Barrack most confident , the Barrack energized , looked the best , the youngest , the least frustrated that I have ever seen him , " he said . 
 Barrack Barrack 