Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Jeff Merkley announced Thursday that Sen. Jeff Merkley will vote against Rex Tillerson ’s confirmation as the next secretary of state . " I am ready to take a position , " Merkley , an Oregon Democrat who serves on the Foreign Relations Committee , which heard Rex Tillerson’s testimony Wednesday , said in an interview on CNN ’s " New Day . " " I ’m going to vote against him , absolutely against him him " " It was a very disappointing performance yesterday , " he him of Tillerson Tillerson    confirmation hearing . Merkley said he Merkley disappointed with Tillerson Tillerson to questions about Russia and his time Merkley CEO of ExxonMobil .   " Obviously , sanctions are a big concern     as leader of Exxon , Tillerson proceeded Tillerson utilize a subsidiary to bypass American sanctions on Iran . His company Exxon to get rid of the sanctions and American sanctions on Iran to extend them , " Merkley American sanctions on Iran , referring to charges that during Tillerson ’s Tillerson as CEO , ExxonMobil skirted ExxonMobil sanctions in international business dealings .   Tillerson said Tillerson his confirmation Tillerson that he did Tillerson not recall " such business dealings .     Merkley also said he Merkley surprised when Merkley told Tillerson Senate committee that he had n’t discussed Merkley policy with    Donald Trump yet .   " That has not yet occurred , " Tillerson said Tillerson " It ’s inconceivable , because he ’s been very Merkley to ( Russian President Vladimir ) Putin , the    has been very close to Putin , Exxon had Putin interests in Russia . And one Russia the reasons that you would think that Trump selected him is   Donald Trump he Putin very close Putin Putin , and so Putin did n’t seem like he was speaking in Putin straightforward manner , " Merkley said . Still , Merkley said that one Merkley " to give ( Tillerson ) credit " for his answers about Russian Merkley .   " I said , ’If a candidate conspired with an outside country to take down your opponent in an internal election , would n’t this be against the very core of our democratic process?’ And he said , ’Yes ’If yes it would be.’ So I have to give Tillerson credit on that one . " Republicans have a    margin on the Foreign Relations Committee , meaning that if all Democrats on the panel and just one Republican vote against Tillerson ’s nomination , it will stall in Tillerson’s nomination . At least one Republican on the committee , Sen. the Foreign Relations Committee , is undecided . However , if the nomination does not make Tillerson’s nomination of committee , it Tillerson’s nomination still possible for Senate Tillerson’s nomination leaders to bring it to a vote before the Tillerson’s nomination Senate , although such a step would be unusual .   Arizona Sen. John McCain told reporters Thursday he also has not yet made Arizona Sen. John McCain his mind on Tillerson . 
 Arizona Sen. John McCain 