’’ ’Nobody would ever accuse Bernie Sanders of trying to coddle the rich.’ " But some certainly think Bernie Sanders plan to abolish tuition at public colleges would end up wasting a whole lot of money on his plan to abolish tuition at public colleges . Hillary Clinton , for Hillary Clinton part ,   Hillary Clinton ’s " not in favor of making college free for Donald Trump ’s kids . " 1 " ’This week , meanwhile , a   from Brookings confirms that getting rid of tuition entirely at state schools would disproportionately benefit    students.’ ’Does that really mean abolishing tuition at State U. is a terrible idea ? Not necessarily . The fact that free college would benefit everyone from Donald Trump’s to the people who clean Donald Trump’s towers might actually be an argument in his towers favor.’ ’While the Sanders campaign has questioned the Sanders campaign findings , there really should n’t be anything surprising or controversial about the new Brookings report , which was written by Urban Institute Senior Fellow Matthew Chingos.’ ’In general , wealthier students go to somewhat more expensive schools —   say , University of Michigan instead of Wayne State or Lansing Community College —   and are less likely to get generous financial aid . By default , any policy that eliminated tuition entirely would probably save more money for your typical     freshman than a striving poor kid who might have gotten a free ride anyway.’ ’Chingos ultimately finds that dependent students from the wealthiest quarter of American families would reap 18 percent of the total savings from nixing tuition , even though dependent students from the wealthiest quarter of American families make up just 11 percent of public college undergrads . Independent students —   who are n’t officially supported by dependent students from the wealthiest quarter of American families would reap 18 percent of the total savings from nixing tuition, even though they make up just 11 percent of public college undergrads parents , and who   seem to skew poorer than traditional undergrads —   would get just a third of the benefits , even though Independent students —  who aren’t officially supported by their parents, and who  seem to skew poorer than traditional undergrads —   make up about half of public collegegoers.’ ’’ ’What ’s so wrong with giving rich kids a break if school is free for everybody ? Some progressives will argue that every dollar spent subsidizing tuition for all the frat boys parking BMWs at the University of Alabama could instead be spent on grants to cover living expenses for    students.’ ’That ’s a big    since things like rent , food , and books are often the most important drivers of debt for    undergrads , who , once again , frequently get generous discounts on tuition . Chingos notes that , even without having to pay for course credits , students from the bottom quarter of families would collectively still face billions in nontuition expenses.’ ’And , of course , there might also be more important places to spend the government ’s resources outside of higher education . Would you rather the government’s help kids from D. C. ’s tony suburbs go the University of Virginia , free of charge ? Or would you rather that cash go to , say , Section 8 housing assistance ? Sure , Sanders wants to fund his free Sanders plan with a tax on Wall Street trading , which would largely hit    households . But does that mean giving money back to them is money wise use of those funds?’ ’Again , the Sanders campaign Sanders tried to write all this off . the Wall Street Journal , it called the Wall Street Journal Brookings analysis " deeply flawed , saying that under its own the Wall Street Journal , 70 % of the benefits would go to those making less than $ 100 , 000 a year . " ’ ’This is a fairly weak retort , since Chingos’ report says almost exactly the same thing . Sanders’ policy director , Warren Gunnels , also told the Journal that under the candidate ’s plan , students would be able to use federal aid , such as Pell grants , in order to cover their living students , since tuition would no longer be a concern . But last   Sanders’ team had completely   needed to make that idea work . Of course , arithmetic can be fixed , but it would that idea work to the program ’s cost.’ ’’ ’So quibbling over statistics is n’t very convincing here . Instead , it might be better for Sanders to simply own the fact that his proposal Sanders help the rich , and frame it as his proposal concession to political necessity . It ’s his proposal lot easier to get affluent Americans to support big new public spending efforts if they stand affluent Americans benefit from it , as well.’ " Likewise ,     voters are   about protecting their favorite voters programs from cuts . The typical examples of this you hear are Social Security and Medicare . But recall last year when President Obama suggested   529 college savings plans : The uproar was so bad that White House almost immediately had to . The lesson : parents who earn low to    figures are n’t a bad voting bloc to have on your team . " ’If you ’re a progressive , it might be nice to have that kind of public    on free college , too . Therefore , you could argue that the best way to win support for refunding our public universities , and then keep them funded our public universities is to spread the benefits to students who do n’t strictly need the help.’ ’That may or may not be the right policy move if it means ’That wo n’t be enough money left over to help poorer students cover their rent poorer students studying . But , on a purely theoretical level , giving rich kids a free education is n’t necessarily a horrible or wasteful idea.’ " 1 Which is a little    since they ’ve    to the University of Pennsylvania ( for Wharton , in particular ) and Georgetown . But , you know , it ’s rhetorically effective enough . " ’Nobody would ever accuse Bernie Sanders of . .. ’ 
 