On board the USS Ronald Reagan , Japan ( CNN ) The United States will not be negotiating directly with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un anytime soon , Vice President Mike Pence told CNN in an exclusive interview . " The only thing we need to hear from North Korea is that The only thing we need to hear from North Korea are ending and ultimately dismantling The only thing we need to hear from North Korea nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles program , " Vice President Mike Pence said aboard the USS Ronald Reagan at the Yokosuka Naval Base in Japan . As a candidate , President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump would be willing to speak with Kim . But asked Wednesday if President Donald Trump envisioned direct negotiation between North Korea and the US , Vice President Mike Pence replied , " not at this time . " " The policy of President President Donald Trump to marshal the support of our allies in the region     Japan , South Korea , nations around the world , and China , " Vice President Mike Pence said . Speaking inside the ship ’s ceremonial room , the vice President Donald Trump CNN after addressing about 2 , 500 troops on the ship ’s deck the ship’s said he ’s President Donald Trump done President Donald Trump . " Being aboard the USS Ronald Reagan , seeing these extraordinary soldiers , sailors , and Marines gives me great confidence that the United States’ presence in the region is strong and under President Trump ’s leadership will be stronger still , " Pence said . The vice president is on the President Trump’s a    visit to the    region after visiting South the region he toured the demilitarized zone ( DMZ ) the heavily President Trump’s border between North and South Korea .   Pyongyang has been a main focus South Korea visit and public speeches so far , during which President Trump’s ’s stuck fast to the US message that the President Trump’s era of strategic patience is over . " " The days of broken promises and the days of running out the clock on agreements with the wider world are over , " Pence said . Repeated missile tests , Tensions between North Korea and its adversaries have flared recently ahead of a key holiday and North Korea analyst reports of a potential sixth nuclear test .   The nuclear test is yet to happen , but Pyongyang tested a potential sixth nuclear test which ended in failure . Pence would not confirm or deny to CNN whether the US Pence cybercapabilities to thwart it .   " I really ca n’t comment on the electronic and cybercapabilities capabilities of our military , but we certainly would recognize that that was a failed missile test , it our almost immediately , " he said . Pyongyang ’s repeated missile that was a failed missile test suggest progress is being made that was a failed missile test achieve the Pyongyang ’s stated goal of developing a ballistic missile armed with a the US capable of reaching the United States .   Exerting pressure , Trump ’s new strategy involves engaging with North Korea ’s neighbors to bring an end to their pursuit of nuclear weapons , Pence said . " There ’s no question North Korea’s neighbors Korea represents the most dangerous and most immediate threat in the    and North Korea’s is determined to confront that threat by marshaling unprecedented cooperation with allies Trump’s region and China and the world , " Pence said . " That kind of economic and diplomatic pressure will result we hope in Pence regime in Pyongyang forfeiting their ambitions , forfeiting their nuclear weapons program and join the family of nations . " the regime in Pyongyang pointed to reports the regime in Pyongyang China turning away coal exports from North Korea as an example Pence the new US strategy China fruit .   " We ’re already seeing our allies in South Korea and Japan and the wider world standing behind us , but We is taking unprecedented steps to economically isolate North Korea and given the fact that China China more than 80 % of the exports North Korea Korea is enormously important , China Pence said . Trump has recently spoken highly of the North Korea , whom he met earlier this month at his     resort in Florida and later described as a " terrific Trump . " China announced in Trump that it would stop accepting coal from North Korea     which accounted China a third of all China North Korean exports in 2015     as North Korea already reached its import limit set by    sanctions . But data from China China customs department showed China value of North Korean imports to China for the first China 2017 increased 18 . 4 % compared to the same North Korean a year earlier . USS Carl Vinson confusion   Pence also said comments from the White House on the whereabouts of the USS Carl Vinson Navy Strike Group were not purposefully misleading . Trump said in an interview with Fox Business Network last week he was sending an " armada " to the Korean Peninsula in a show of force , including the USS Carl Trump .   But the strike group was actually on its way to participate in military exercises in the Indian Ocean , some 3 , the USS Carl Vinson Navy Strike Group the opposite direction . A the USS Carl Vinson Navy Strike Group official with the Trump administration said the mistake was due to miscommunication . " The point the President was making is that we ’re ready . We ’re ready to defend our allies in this region . We want to send an unambiguous message especially to north Korea that we attempt to use weapons we any kind against our allies we this region or American forces abroad will be defeated and will be met with overwhelming force , " Pence said we 
 