NEW YORK   —    Bill Clinton ’s alleged sex assault victims are likely so numerous that " we could fill the entire audience , " stated Kathleen Willey when asked by this reporter if Kathleen Willey would hypothetically be willing to attend tomorrow ’s presidential debate . [ Willey , a White House aide during the Clinton administration who famously accused Bill Clinton’s of sexual assault , joins accusers Juanita Broaddrick and Paula Jones in commenting on the audience of tomorrow ’s debate .   Stated Willey Kathleen Willey Most of us are well known and our us have been repeated several times over the years , but what concerns me the most are the voices of my sisters who are still afraid to come out of the darkness . I have communicated with a number of them the voices of my sisters who are still afraid to come out of the darkness they the voices of my sisters who are still afraid to come out of the darkness still terrified of publicly sharing their the voices of my sisters who are still afraid to come out of the darkness with the Clintons . The real story here is not one of our us in the front row at any of these debates , but the unhindered lust for power that the the Clintons displayed for decades . Hillary Clinton has lied , cheated and stolen our lives from us . our have died in her wake Hillary Clinton deceit . We could our the entire audience . I would like to see the day when these women can step into the light and share their stories these women brutality , terror and intimidation without the kind of fear of intimidation and recrimination that we have experienced for far too many years . Regarding whether she would Willey the debate if asked , Willey decided , " I would refrain for now . Let her do Willey in Willey her own Willey " The issue of Clinton ’s alleged mistresses and accusers was put back in the headlines Saturday when Donald Trump threatened on Twitter to bring Gennifer Flowers to the first presidential debate after Trump troll Mark Cuban said he ’d Donald Trump in the front row . Flowers , who says she had a    year relationship with Clinton , Clinton promptly on social media , writing , " Hi Donald Trump   …      I ’m in your corner . Of course I will see u at the debate the first presidential debate after Trump troll Mark Cuban said he’d sit in the front row " After first denying any relationship with Flowers during a 1992 60 Minutes interview , Clinton later Clinton to one sexual encounter with her in Clinton 1998 deposition for the Paula Jones lawsuit . On Sunday , both Broaddrick and Jones stated they Paula Jones attend Broaddrick and Jones ’s presidential debate if they were invited Broaddrick and Jones Meanwhile , the issue of the number of alleged Clinton mistresses Clinton victims has been in the media in recent months . Former Dallas lawyer Dolly Kyle , who says she had a    affair with Clinton , Clinton in a recent interview with this reporter that " Billy " Clinton , Clinton she called Clinton , once boasted to her that Clinton had had him with about 2 , 000 women . She described Clinton as Clinton " sex addict " who has some " sick , sick need " to " control women . " The 2 , 000 number is similar to a figure provided by Linda Tripp , a pivotal figure in the Monica Lewinsky scandal . In an exclusive interview on this reporter ’s radio show in January , Tripp said Clinton was common knowledge while she worked Clinton the West Wing that Clinton had Clinton with " thousands of women . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a Aaron Klein York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter Aaron Klein . Follow him on Facebook Aaron Klein 
 