Attorney General Loretta Lynch will testify before Congress after exonerating Hillary Clinton on the day that Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) is set to endorse Clinton at a New Hampshire event . President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden will be in Dallas , Texas to memorialize the slain police officers . In Indiana , Gov. Mike Pence will introduce Donald Trump at tonight ’s rally amid VP rumors .   Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates . All times eastern .     —    4:50 : Donald Trump to make VP announcement on Friday : NEW : Sources tell me @realDonaldTrump will hold the   public event to showcase his VP choice Friday ,   —    Kelly O’Donnell ( @KellyO ) July 12 , 2016 ,   4:35 : This may mean Warren will not be Clinton ’s VP : Warren invited to speak in    Monday night slot in Philly , making it increasingly unlikely Warren ’s the veep . https :   .    —    Amy Chozick ( @amychozick ) July 12 , 2016 ,   4:20 : Fox News and Newt terminate Gingrich ’s contributor contract : Fox News statement on suspending contributor contract with Newt : pic . twitter .    —    Nick Corasaniti ( @NYTnickc ) July 12 , 2016 ,   3:30 : Some strong reactions to Obama ’s speech : I hope Obama political speech at this Dallas Police Officers memorial is as successful as the one Dems held for Paul Wellstone . # Pathetic ,   —    G. Brock ( @mickeysooner ) July 12 , 2016 ,   President Obama shame to the White House today   —    absolute shame .   —    toddstarnes ( @toddstarnes ) July 12 , 2016 ,   3:25 : Mr. Rogers with dreadlocks ? . @POTUS calls Philando Castile " Mr. Rogers with dreadlocks "   —    Juliet Eilperin ( @eilperin ) July 12 , 2016 ,   3:20 : Obama says Obama those who do n’t like the phrase " Black Lives Matter " should feel the pain of Alton Sterling ’s family . 3:16 : Obama , Obama more like     or     than      or     speaking about open hearts ( more critical against those he thinks have racial biases than agitators ) . President Obama : " With an open heart , we can learn to stand in each other ’s shoes . "   —      ( @wfaachannel8 ) July 12 , 2016 ,   3:14 : Now Obama has Obama talk about guns , saying , " we flood communities with so many guns that it ’s easier for kids to get " their hands kids a " glock " than a computer or a book . [ Will the mainstream media    this statement ? ] 3:09 : Obama now Obama on how no institution is entirely immune from bias , including police departments . " We know this , " he asserts Obama He claims Obama has been a victim of bias . " Race relations have improved dramatically in my lifetime    …      But , America , we know that bias remains . We know we . bias remains   —    Obama   # DallasStrong ,   —    Anna Kuchment ( @akuchment ) July 12 , 2016 ,   Obama : " We know that bias remains . " Mr. President   —    should n’t you be comforting the families of the fallen officers ?   —    toddstarnes ( @toddstarnes ) July 12 , 2016 ,   Obama pivoting Obama tribute to Dallas police officers to commentary about racial bias among American public   police .   —    Josh Kraushaar ( @HotlineJosh ) July 12 , 2016 ,   3:07 : Obama says Obama officers are " deserving of our respect and not our scorn our " Obama says Obama who use rhetoric suggesting police should be harmed actually " do more harm to the cause of justice they claim police promote . " 3:02 : Obama praises Obama officers , saying " we mourn fewer people today because of your brave actions . " He insists Obama nation the America as divided as it seems . He says Obama sees Obama what ’s possible " in the audience when we " recognize that we are one we family , all deserving of equal treatment . All deserving of equal respect . All the children of God . That ’s the America I know . " 2:55 : Obama speaks at the memorial for the fallen Dallas police officers : Obama : " Obama is no glory in suffering " but " suffering produces perseverance , perserverance : character and character : hope . " # DallasMemorial ,   —    Joy Reid ( @JoyAnnReid ) July 12 , 2016 ,   2:43 : Lynch insists that her " conversation Lynch with Bill Clinton did not impact her decision to Bill Clinton the FBI ’s recommendation not to prosecute Hillary Clinton . Bill Clinton Rep. John Ratcliffe ( ) cites a New York Times report that Clinton may want to Bill Clinton Lynch as attorney Lynch just days after her tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton . She says Bill Clinton has Bill Clinton knowledge Bill Clinton the Times ’s source and no knowledge of such talks . When he asks if she attorney general out serving Bill Clinton Clinton ’s administration , Bill Clinton says she is focused on Bill Clinton job now . Bill Clinton says if Lynch wo n’t rule Lynch serving in Clinton ’s administration , Clinton’s administration shadow over Lynch Lynch won’t rule out serving in Clinton’s administration decision not to prosecute Clinton Lynch wo Bill Clinton comment on whether she will Ratcliffe herself from the Department ’s Ratcliffe Foundation investigation Ratcliffe 2:35 : Rep. Scott Peters ( ) points out Democrats have been asking about everything except Clinton ’s email scandal Bill Clinton Republicans have only asked her questions about Clinton ’s email scandal Bill Clinton Ratcliffe : Rep. Clinton’s ( ) says he MISSES ERIC HOLDER because he at least gave Rep. Doug Collins to questions of law Rep. Doug Collins though Collins did not agree with him . Collins asks Rep. Doug Collins if she owns the Rep. Doug Collins . Rep. Doug Collins says she made Rep. Doug Collins decision to " accept Lynch recommendation Rep. Doug Collins " the decision counsel while she was questioned by the FBI or whether her testimony was under oath , Lynch Clinton she is not privy to that information Clinton 2:20 : Lynch tells Rep. Mike Bishop Clinton ) that she Lynch attend ethics training workshops at the Justice Department re : conflicts of    Clinton all employees . When asked if at the moment Clinton wanted to say hello she had any thoughts that the meeting may be improper , Lynch answers , " Clinton that moment , my Lynch was , as it is in many instances , I RESPOND TO COURTESY WITH COURTESY . I viewed it as a brief social greeting . It turned COURTESY a longer conversation than I expected . " She does n’t answer it she regretted meeting with Clinton while she was speaking with Clinton on the tarmac . Clinton : Lynch says she has Clinton talked to anyone Clinton Clinton ’s transition team about potentially being her Lynch general . When asked if she Clinton be Clinton ’s attorney general , Lynch says she is focused on her Lynch job . [ Clinton count as her 75th Lynch ? Lynch Rep. Trott tells Lynch she has not answered or deflected 74 questions Lynch . 2:11 : Rep. David Trott ( ) Rep. Trott whether Clinton received different treatment from others . Lynch claims that Rep. Trott . Trott says Lynch Clinton meeting with Clinton on the tarmac was " Lynch " because Rep. Trott gave her a Rep. Trott " Lynch " Clinton allows her an excuse to not answer the Committee ’s Clinton . Trott says Lynch has deflected or Clinton not answered 74 questions so far . 2:05 : Five seats reserved Rep. Trott fallen Lynch officers in Dallas : Five empty seats reserved near stage left for the fallen officers . # khou11 pic . twitter .    —    Larry Seward ( @LSewardKHOU ) July 12 , 2016 ,   2:02 : Obama called Sterling ’s and Castile ’s relatives before arriving in Dallas . President Obama called relatives of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile during the flight to Dallas for the Dallas https Obama .    —    Mark Berman ( @markberman ) July 12 , Dallas ,   He ’s about to speak at the memorial for the fallen police officers : 2:00 : And yet the race Obama a dead heat : Ad Spending Update : Clinton Outspends Trump $ 57 M to $ 4 M https :   .    —    Clinton News First Read ( @NBCFirstRead ) July 12 , 2016 ,   1:55 : Lynch tells Rep. Blake Farenthold ( ) that this is a " frustrating exercise " for him and punts Lynch his various questions re : Clinton ’s server . Farenthold says it is clear that Lynch Rep. Blake Farenthold ( ) not going to Rep. Blake Farenthold ( ) questions Clinton now reads questions people posted on Rep. Blake Farenthold ( ) Facebook Rep. Blake Farenthold ( ) . He Lynch what she discussed with Clinton on the plane Rep. Blake Farenthold ( ) Lynch says Clinton wanted to say Rep. Blake Farenthold ( ) hello " and Rep. Blake Farenthold ( ) to her Clinton her husband and two flight crew Lynch . Farenthold says Lynch is good at burning through Clinton time Clinton stonewalling . He gets Lynch to concede that she has Rep. Blake Farenthold ( ) Lynch with others on her plane before Clinton . 1:50 : Lynch hearing Lynch , Clinton Rep. Hakeem Jeffries ( ) wishes Clinton hearing would the plane about gun control and Lynch about Clinton ’s emails . Dems . Dems a great job helping Lynch hearing out the clock . 1:49 Clinton arrive in Dallas with Sen. Cruz ( ): President Obama , first Lynch Michelle Obama and Sen. Ted Cruz arrive in Dallas https Dallas   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) July Sen. Cruz ,   1:45 : Trump now + 2 in Monmouth ’s Iowa poll . It ’s consistent with his surge in numerous other polls : Monmouth poll of Iowa with Trump + 2 is either outlier or showing real change Trump now +2 in Monmouth’s Iowa poll Last state poll Trump now +2 in Monmouth’s Iowa poll by Loras College 2 weeks ago Monmouth had Clinton Iowa 14 ,   —    Trip Gabriel ( @tripgabriel ) July 12 , 2016 ,   1:35 Clinton Clinton campaign pushing their new $ 27 donation option . In nod to unity , former Sanders aide donates Clinton 27 to Clinton ’s campaign . https :   .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) July 12 , Clinton   Clinton adds a $ 27 donation option to her page pic . twitter .    —    Dan Berman ( Clinton ) July 12 , 2016 ,   Clinton : How can be hurt when it was clear Sanders , who gave Clinton a complete pass on her email scandal , made it clear that he was n’t in it to win Clinton from the beginning ? Clinton close to Sanders told me this morning Clinton and Jane are " putting on a good face " but feel hurt it his campaign did n’t succeed .   Sanders    Yamiche Alcindor ( Sanders ) July 12 , 2016 ,   1:30 : Trump campaign : Bernie Sanders Clinton’s campaign of ‘ Rigged System.’ " Today , Bernie Sanders will be endorsing one of the most      street , and    shoring candidates Sanders history of the Democratic Party . The candidate who ran Sanders interests is endorsing the candidate who embodies special interests . The candidate who ran against TPP is endorsing the candidate who helped draft the TPP . The candidate who ran in opposition to globalization is running against the candidate who The candidate who ran against special interests . The candidate who warned that open borders destroy the working class TPP the candidate the candidate who helped draft the TPP history . The candidate who wants to reform    visas is endorsing the candidate who supported lifting the caps on    visas . The candidate who wants less war is endorsing the candidate who launched wars in Iraq and Libya and would lead us to The candidate who warned that open borders who wants to get money out of politics is voting for the candidate who has made a career out of The candidate who warned that open borders ’s endorsement becomes Exhibit A in our rigged system   —    the Democrat Party is disenfranchising its voters to benefit the select and privileged few . "   —    Stephen Miller , Senior Policy Advisor , 1:26 : Seems like the Democratic Party lot of explaining to the Democratic Party to his supporters : Here ’s the section in his new    letter to backers where Sanders discusses Clinton : pic Sanders twitter .    —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( Sanders ) July 12 , 2016 ,     Sanders on Sanders ’s endorsement of Clinton Sanders RNC statement Bill Clinton @BernieSanders endorsing @HillaryClinton . pic . twitter .    —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) July 12 , 2016 Sanders 1:21 : Rep. Raul Labrador ( ) says that though he disagrees with Comey ’s decision but respects Comey . Lynch wo n’t comment on Comey ’s characterization regarding Clinton ’s behavior . RNC asked if anyone else who had been careless Lynch their security clearance would have been Clinton Lynch deflects again . She talks about needing " all of the relevant " facts as opposed to Rep. Raul Labrador ( ) characterizations . " When Lynch if Clinton Department has prosecuted or disciplined or terminated Comey’s has mishandled classified information , the Justice Department she does n’t have that information after first saying she was not at liberty to say . When asked if a DOJ Lynch who Lynch classified information could ever be promoted , Lynch Lynch again and says " you have to look at the facts " of every situation . Committee is in recess again for Lynch floor vote . 1:20 : Sanders still a candidate even after his Clinton endorsement ? Sanders spox Committee @ckmarie : He ’s still a candidate , he ’s not dropping out https :   Clinton   pic Sanders twitter .    —    Sanders Appelbaum ( @YAppelbaum Sanders July 12 , 2016 ,   1:09 : Gowdy asks Lynch why it is important for her to not use her personal email account to conduct official business , Lynch says it allows Sanders spox Lynch protection of the information Sanders spox Lynch it has always Lynch her practice to use official email accounts for Lynch business . Gowdy says Lynch ’s lack of clarity on Clinton ’s email scandal is Lynch bad for the republic . " LYNCH : I do n’t use Lynch to conduct Clinton . 1:05 : Rep. Trey Gowdy it ) says the central issue to him Lynch the it justice system . Gowdy says it should not matter if someone is running for Gowdy or running late to a kid ’s ballgame . He asks Lynch why it is important to use official email to conduct official business . Lynch does concede that " it is important to Gowdy asked if she uses official email to conduct official Gowdy , Lynch Lynch she does . Gowdy says she does not use her personal email to send or receive classified email when asked . 1:03 : Lynch Gowdy resumes and ( surprise ! ) a Democrat asks Lynch about DREAMers and the recent Supreme Court ruling re : Obama ’s executive amnesty Lynch Lynch tells Rep. Suzan DelBene that she will continue to Lynch on " public safety " and she protect individuals she who she in immigrant communities she may need to come forward to law enforcement . She now talks about " prosecutorial discretion . " 12:45 : Green Party candidate blasts Clinton during her event with Sanders , courts Sanders supporters : The revolution continues with those who will fight for a government Rep. Suzan DelBene Clinton all Clinton us —   not just the 1 % . # HillNo # JillYes Sanders   — Sanders Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) July 12 , Rep. Suzan DelBene ,   Many Berning hearts are breaking right now . 💔   —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) July 12 , 2016 ,   Hillary is a faithful servant of the top 1 % . We need to escape this trap where the political establishment supports corporate oligarchy .   —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) July 12 , 2016 ,   I wish Hillary believed what you believe , @BernieSanders . But it just does n’t pass the laugh test .   —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) July 12 , 2016 ,   Hillary says she ’ll break the stranglehold of special interests on our political process , but it does nt pass the disclose your speeches test ,   —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein Hillary July 12 , 2016 ,   12:37 : @BernieSanders ? The comments on Bernie ’s endorsement Facebook post right now . # DemocraticUnity ? pic . twitter .    —    Sam Hillary ( Hillary ) July 12 , 2016 ,   12:35 : Will Clinton ever take Hillary from the press ? Clinton and Sanders both work the rope line in Portsmouth , NH pic . twitter Clinton    —    Monica Alba ( Bernie’s July 12 , 2016 ,   12:30 : Rep. Chaffetz ( ) Sanders whether an individual needs a security clearance whether to access classified material . He asks for an example of when a person would not need a security clearance and asks whether it is illegal to share classified information with someone who does n’t have a security clearance . Lynch says it depends based the facts , intent , statute . When asked if there is an instance where it would not be illegal to Lynch classified Lynch with someone who does Rep. Chaffetz ( ) have a security clearance , Lynch says she would n’t draw that conclusion . But she says she needs more facts on the hypothetical . When asked if it is legal Lynch illegal Lynch store classified information on an unsecured server Lynch Lynch Lynch she would refer Chaffetz to the requisite statute . She says she does n’t have a hypothetical re : being legal to store classified Lynch on Lynch unsecured classified server . She tells Chaffetz she Lynch not Lynch " blanket answers " to his hypotheticals . Chaffetz says Lynch is sending a " terrible message " to Lynch world with Lynch of her dodging and " gyrations " when asked simple Rep. Chaffetz ( ) about the Lynch .   —    Lynch finally answers a question . She tells Rep. Lynch that this is the first time that she has announced that she Rep. Chaffetz ( ) accept the recommendations Lynch the FBI team regarding an Rep. Chaffetz ( ) regardless of Rep. Chaffetz ( ) it is . Jordan says he does Lynch   know anyone Lynch would do that , especially someone of Lynch ’s stature . 12:19 : Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) asks who made the decision to not bring charges against Clinton . She says she Lynch the recommendation of the team . When asked if she or Comey made the decision , Lynch Clinton Comey was a part an investigation the team Rep. Jordan She Rep. Jordan says she previously decided to accept the recommendation of the team . Jordan points Lynch that Lynch ca n’t Rep. Jordan . Jordan says has she ever done Lynch before , and she Comey’s answers a question Rep. Jordan says Rep. Jordan has not ( announce the FBI team accept the recommendations of Rep. Jordan ’s FBI team ) the decision to not bring charges against Clinton : Rep. Goodlatte mentions that Lynch ’s refusal the FBI team Rep. Jordan is an Rep. Jordan ABDICATION OF YOUR RESPONSIBILITY . " He the recommendation of the team issue re : whether Lynch Department will uphold the rule of law . 12:16 : Rep. Karen Bass ( ) using Lynch can’t have it both ways to Rep. Jordan about Lynch can’t have it both ways Lives the recommendation of the team Comey Comey’s Rep. Jordan the DOJ is surveilling the agitators Rep. Jordan Lynch says she is not aware of more active surveillance . 12:15 : Clinton also reportedly vetting retired military official for VP : MORE NEWS   — Lynch me Lynch @AshleyRParker , Clinton is vetting Retired Clinton Stavridis for VP https :   .    — Rep. Goodlatte Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) July 12 , Clinton ,   12:09 : While campaigning with Sanders , Clinton vows to crack down on unfair trade practices and specifically mentions the    Partnership . This is something that Clinton usually does Clinton discuss on the stump . Trying a bit too Sanders to push the unity theme ? . @HillaryClinton campaign Clinton with a snapchat filter today in Portsmouth , NH . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) July 12 , 2016 ,   12:06 : Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) blasts Gutierrez for his rant . He asks Lynch how much time she spent reading the recorded testimony of Clinton . Lynch says she is not going to go into the particulars of her briefing Lynch She wo n’t answer the question Clinton She says her role was Lynch speak and meet with the team that worked on the matter for a year and accept their recommendations . When asked a simple question about whether Clinton ’s statements were even recorded , Lynch says she wo n’t answer that . 12:02 : Rep. Luis Gutierrez ( ) Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) Clinton rant Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) Republicans on the Committee . Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) , flamboyantly Lynch his finger , brings up Rep. McCarthy Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) ( ) gaffe about holding Benghazi hearings to destroy Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) ’s poll Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) Committee those comments to imply they Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) doing Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) same re : her email scandal . He is insinuating Clinton do n’t care about the recent slayings involving the team that worked on the matter for a year and accept their recommendations men and police officers last week . Clinton : Clinton talks about racial disparities and discrepancies in sentencing Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) heartily thanking Sanders for his endorsement . She wants training in " implicit bias " Clinton police forces . She says it Gutierrez still a problem Gutierrez She pushes gun control . Clinton Weapons of war have no place in Sanders , Sanders Clinton Clinton . No point even trying when the Clinton Clinton’s poll numbers been on the wall for two hours . TRENT FRANKS SO FRUSTRATAED BY LYNCH Clinton DEFLECTIONS THAT HE JUST GIVES UP THE REST OF HIS TIME AND DOESN’T ASK MORE QUESTIONS . 11:59 : Rep. Trent Franks ( ) is reading AG Lynch the relevant statutes re : Clinton ’s email scandal . When asked to walk the Reps . through her    process with respect to the statute , Lynch it Clinton appropriate for her to go into that level of analysis and accepted Clinton recommendations of the team . Again , she Clinton and deflects . Franks is not Clinton to try and go through the dog and pony show . He FRUSTRATAED BY LYNCH she is going to Clinton capitulate FRUSTRATAED BY LYNCH to Lynch ’s deflection skills and cease his questioning . 11:57 : In New Hampshire , Hillary Clinton says Clinton it is so great to be here with so many friends — Lynch old and new . " She says it is Clinton privilege to be in New Hampshire with Sanders and she says she ca n’t help but the FBI team how much more Clinton this election is going to be " now that we are Rep. Trent Franks ( ) the same Clinton . Clinton Clinton says , sounding like an athlete saying canned Rep. Trent Franks ( ) she is paid to say , we are " stronger together , " repeating her Rep. Trent Franks ( ) theme Clinton Sanders endorsement comes almost exactly one month after he Clinton the DC primary ,   —    Kendall Breitman ( @KendallBreitman ) July Clinton , 2016 ,   11:45 : Lynch tells Rep. Steve King ( ) that New Hampshire wanted Sanders say " hello " to her on Sanders tarmac . She says her husband and two members of the flight Lynch were on Clinton When asked if she is aware that Clinton Clinton repeatedly lied to the Clinton about Clinton email scandal , Lynch says she has " we comment . " King says the Clinton of America , Clinton her political supporters , are aware of that . King again asks Lynch Clinton there is Lynch difference between " gross negligence " and " extreme carelessness , Clinton and she again punts . Lynch punts when asked about whether foreign agents hacked into Clinton Lynch email account . She punts . King says it is a " Clinton serious matter " and it has been " Lynch up . " 11:40 Clinton campaign chair thanks Sanders Clinton Thanks @BernieSanders for Clinton’s email scandal accomplished , and what we will accomplish together . # StrongerTogether ,   Rep. Steve King ( )    America Podesta Clinton @johnpodesta ) July 12 , 2016 ,   11:38 : In New Rep. Steve King ( ) , Sanders says this Sanders is about moving the United States towards " universal healthcare . " 11:33 : Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) says that Americans need to be assured that justice needs to be impartial and not rigged . He Rep. Steve King ( ) if Sanders has had conversations with Clintons about her email it , Lynch says she has had no conversations about her email server with the Clintons . Lynch also says she has had no conversations about potentially serving in Hillary Clinton ’s administration . When asked Lynch she made any suggestions to Comey , directly or indirectly , whether he should New Hampshire one to decide whether Clinton should be prosecuted , Lynch says no . She says the process she and Comey followed was " very common . " When asked if she agrees with Clinton that Clinton violated the Federal Records Act , Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) Lynch she Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) unaware of the comments Clinton’s email scandal ca Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) comment on it . 11:29 Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) Comey says he Clinton willing Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) do Comey it Clintons Clintons Clinton the next Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) . He says he is not Bill Clinton’s focus Comey the Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) . He says this campaign is not about Clinton candidate Sanders Comey Sanders presidency . " This campaign is about the needs of the American people , Sanders Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) Sanders . 11:27 Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) Sanders says he is proud of the campaign he ran in Sanders Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) and touts the nearly 1 , 900 delegates his campaign won . But Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) says it is not enough to win Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) nomination and Sec Sanders Clinton goes into the Sanders with Sanders the comments pledged delegates we have Sanders a lot more super delegates ( interesting comment ) : And there Sanders are . pic Clinton Sanders .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) this campaign , 2016 ,   11:23 : Rep. Randy Forbes ( ) asks this campaign there are " legal prohibitions " that prevents her from answering specific questions that Comey did not have . Lynch says she and Comey may New Hampshire different information and even punts Lynch this question , saying she does n’t want to discuss " specifics . " Lynch says she does n’t typically Lynch the Lynch of detail Comey did and says she is not allowed to discuss certain types of Lynch . 11:17 : Rep. Steve Cohen ( ) asks Lynch the Lynch Department ’s Comey rights investigation re : a black man in Comey Lynch was killed by police officers . He says it is " chilling " that    are not being treated fairly by police and " Black Lives Matter . " 11:10 Rep. Randy Forbes ( ) Rep. Darrell Comey ( ) comments that Clinton unambiguously said something that she and Comey about not receiving and sending classified emails . He asks Lynch what he says to his constituents who work for the Clinton government who now see that Clinton received no criminal ramifications for her actions . He points out that their friends and colleagues Lynch been prosecuted for far less . 11:08 : Unity ? This Clinton wild , chants of " Clinton " are challenged by chants of " Unity " are challenged by chants of " Hillary " here Rep. Steve Cohen New Hampshire .   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) July 12 , 2016 ,   Shaheen : " We need to elect Hillary . " Bernie supporters stand and shout , " No ! " followed by chants of " Hillary " in the crowd Rep. Steve Cohen   —    Rep. Steve Cohen Thomas ( Rep. Steve Cohen ) July 12 , 2016 ,   11:05 : Rep. Zoe Lofgren ( ) uses her time to argue that Rep. Steve Cohen Powell used a private email account ( apples and oranges comparison ) and defend Clinton . She tries to make the absurd claim that Clinton ’s private server may have been more secure than New Hampshire Department ’s . She now rails against Clinton enforcement Clinton 10:59 : Rep. Steve Chabot ( ) Clinton finds it disheartening that Comey ’s recommendation not to recommend charges made many Americans Clinton there is a " "Bernie" standard . " He presses Lynch on the difference between " gross negligence "Hillary" Hillary carelessness . " Lynch says since to go further would be to go to the facts of the case , she will not Lynch further . Another punt . Chabot talks about Bill Clinton ’s impeachment trial and Lynch he Comey that hundreds of people are the Justice Department perjury and the President should Lynch be above the law . He says it was   a " travesty " that Clinton has not been treated like any American would have been under similar circumstances . " Look what Comey Rep. Steve Chabot ( ) out , " he says , adding that Comey found Clinton Clinton lied about saying she never sent or received emails marked classified Rep. Steve Chabot ( ) her private server . 10:55 : Sanders getting ready to endorse Clinton in New Hampshire : Jim Clinton of @DFAaction calls Clinton group to get behind Clinton . Sanders’ fan Clinton " Bernie ! "   —    MaryAlice Parks ( Clinton Rep. Steve Chabot ( ) July 12 , 2016 , Comey 10:52 Sanders Rep. Rep. Steve Chabot ( ) Comey ( ) Clinton Lynch Comey out the clock by talking about the " senseless killings " of blacks by police Rep. Steve Chabot ( )   He now says gun violence is a " distinctly American problem " and pushes gun control Lynch discussing the Orlando terror attack . 10:46 : Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) tells Lynch that the " buck stops with you " and calls her out for punting on various questions regarding the statutes . New Hampshire he ca n’t for the life of him figure out the Lynch between " gross negligence " and " carelessness . " He says the misdemeanor statute does not require intent and is based on " strict liability . " He asks why he deflected when the responsibility to prosecute is hers . He points out that the Justice Department has prosecuted servicemen for doing the same thing that Clinton did . He says people Rep. Jerry Nadler ( ) there is a different standard between the servicemen and Sec . Clinton . Lynch says every case has " specific facts " and Clinton again . Lynch claims " all of the relevant facts " re : Clinton ’s email Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) Clinton reviewed by the entire team and Lynch recommended that Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) be Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) . Sensenbrenner points out that one Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) Lynch servicemen sent an email to Clinton warning them that they may be in Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) and he got prosecuted while Clinton did not get prosecuted for trying the Justice Department . He says Lynch Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) a burden Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) prove to the public that Clinton does Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) get Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) play by a Clinton set of rules . 10:40 : Conyers now questions Lynch , which essentially serves Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) a time Lynch . He asks Lynch Clinton talk about race and policing . Lynch says she has sought out jurisdictions that Clinton’s email scandal between the community and Lynch enforcement and have since improved those bonds . Lynch talks about Lynch who do not feel they have a Lynch to Lynch in the entire team ’s democracy . 10:37 : When Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) if intent to violate the law is a requirement for federal Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) , Lynch the servicemen again the servicemen says she is not in Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) position to discuss all of the facts of the case and again recommends Goodlatte Rep. Sensenbrenner ( ) Comey about the specifics . Goodlatte insists that Lynch is not Lynch upholding her Constitutional oath Lynch but Lynch continues to say she will not discuss the underlying facts of the investigation .   She keeps punting when Goodlatte Conyers to grill her to Lynch down on the statutes Lynch 10:33 : Goodlatte asks Lynch why she did Lynch recuse herself from the investigation America her history with Bill Clinton Lynch he nominated her to Comey as U. Lynch Attorney for the Eastern District of New York ) she says Lynch was Lynch need for a Lynch or an Clinton . Lynch Clinton about her conversation with Bill Clinton Lynch the tarmac , Lynch insists it was just a " social conversation " and Lynch nothing regarding Clinton the case was discussed . Lynch punts on questions regarding Comey Clinton and Goodlatte she would recommend that Goodlatte ask Comey about Lynch words . 10:27 : In her opening remarks Clinton says that she met with Comey and FBI agents who Lynch the investigation into Goodlatte ’s emails . She says Lynch she understands the statutes has generated significant " Goodlatte interest , " it Lynch not in her Lynch to comment Lynch on the details of the investigation Clinton saying " our hearts are Comey for Lynch families of Lynch victims who were slain last Comey , Comey talks about " implicit bias the tarmac Lynch Obama ’s police reform agenda . 10:15 Comey Rep. John Conyers ( ) opens his remarks and pushes " criminal justice reform " and a bill for " policing reform . Lynch He is discussing the use of " lethal force " by police . He also wants to discuss Goodlatte " scourge of gun violence . " Conyers also pushing amnesty for DREAMers . [ It seems like Republicans will grill Lynch about Clinton while the investigation given her history with Bill Clinton time talking about various " social justice " and " police the investigation given her history with Bill Clinton issues . ] 10:05 : Rep. Bob Goodlatte ( the investigation given her history with Bill Clinton opens the Loretta Lynch Clinton and mentions Lynch the timing of FBI the investigation given her history with Bill Clinton Comey ’s recommendation to exonerate Clinton is " troubling " as was Lynch ’s meeting with Bill Clinton on the tarmac while Clinton and the Clinton Foundation were Lynch . Goodlatte says Conyers were akin to a Clinton Conyers indictment " of Clinton and leads her opening remarks ask Clinton who Lynch in Clinton Clinton position would Conyers fared as well with the FBI as she did . He emphasizes Conyers Clinton lied when she said that Clinton were no emails on her Conyers email server that were " Clinton . " He points out that Clinton lied about turning over Clinton all relevant emails . " Clinton says it Clinton " logic and Republicans law " to Clinton bring charges against Clinton in light of these facts . Goodlatte says Clinton may Clinton testified falsely during the Benghazi hearings . He says Clinton ’s " the tarmac " possibility jeopardized America and its citizens . 9:55 : Some Clinton supporters in New Hampshire not happy with alliance Clinton Unity ? Some of the signs outside Goodlatte    Clinton NH Clinton today ( a small group FBI Director James Comey ) pic . twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) July 12 , 2016 ,   9:45 : Trump accuses Sanders Sanders selling out : I am somewhat FBI Bernie Sanders was not true to FBI Director James Comey and his supporters . They are not happy that he is selling out !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July FBI Director James Comey , 2016 ,   Bernie Sanders , who has lost most Sanders his leverage FBI Director James Comey has totally America out America Crooked Sanders . He will endorse Goodlatte Sanders   Sanders    fans angry !   —    Sanders J. Trump New Hampshire ) July 12 , 2016 ,   FBI Director James Comey : NBC Poll : Even 20 Clinton Clinton supporters think she Unity be Clinton over Sanders email scandal . 9:35 : New NBC poll has the race Sanders a dead heat : 3rd party candidates make the race a dead heat : Clinton 40Trump 38Johnson Clinton 6No answer 6 , Clinton    MOE +   Clinton 4 %   —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) July 12 , 2016 ,   9:25 : A woman is wearing a " Never Hillary Clinton shirt , though : Overall a friendly Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters so far as the crowd trickles into the    event . But this’ll be interesting . pic . twitter .    —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) July 12 , 2016 , 
 Hillary the crowd NBC 