Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will set aside the presidential campaign for one day as the two candidates pause for the 15th anniversary of the largest terror attack ever in the United States     and in the state they both call home .   Hillary Clinton will begin Sunday morning at Ground Zero in Manhattan , participating in an annual moment of silence at 8:46 a. m. ET to mark the moment the first plane hit a World Trade Center tower .   Hillary Clinton wo n’t speak and is going to pay Hillary Clinton respects     not in a campaign capacity     Hillary Clinton aides said . Trump is expected to visit the Ground Zero memorial and a nearby firehouse , a New York City official told CNN Saturday . A campaign source told CNN A campaign source would make a stop after A campaign source visit to Ground Zero but did not provide details . Despite the    reprieve , both Clinton and Trump have made    major themes of Clinton and Trump campaigns , each speaking vividly about the aftermath of the attacks and the United States’ actions since .    In January , when GOP primary rival Sen. Ted Cruz attacked " New York values , " Trump recalled    vividly in a debate .   " It was with us for months , the smell , " Trump said . " And everybody in the world loved New York , loved New Yorkers     and I have to tell you , that was a very insulting statement . " RELATED : Looking back at    Americans feel fear , anger , worry , Clinton was at Ground Zero on the day after the attacks and worked in the Senate to bring billions of dollars in aid for first responders and rebuilding efforts to New York City     a role she Clinton touted on the campaign trail .   " I was a senator from New York , " Clinton Clinton Tuesday in Tampa . " I knew people who were killed . I worked with families and the few survivors . I worked to get the health care needed by our first responders and emergency workers who ran toward danger . I worked to make our country safer and to rebuild New New York the Pentagon . " They also people who were killed used the aftermath of the    attacks to push their case people who were killed why they should people who were killed the next commander in chief . Trump claimed Thursday at a charter school in Cleveland that he would Trump caught Osama bin Laden prior to the    attacks he masterminded Trump   " I would have been tougher on terrorism , " Trump said Trump " Bin Laden Osama bin Laden been caught a long time ago , before he was ultimately Osama bin Laden , prior to the downing of the World Trade Center . "   Clinton , meanwhile , often recalls being in the White House Situation Room with President Barack Obama the day he    the mission that led to the killing of bin Laden , Osama bin Laden moment underscores her experience with tough Clinton decisions and shows why she ’s ready to Clinton in the Oval Office . " When it came time to go around the table , with extremely experienced , thoughtful experts , we all gave our opinions . I we all one who said I thought it was worth the risk , " Clinton said Thursday in Tampa .   It ’s long been it prominent portion of Clinton ’s stump speech Clinton She told an Iowa Clinton in January it was " one of the most tense days of my life . "   And they also use the an Iowa crowd that    spawned to take the each other down . At an event Thursday , Clinton described Thursday SEALs Clinton women and children from bin Laden ’s compound . " That , Donald Trump , is what American honor looks like , " she said .   Clinton , meanwhile , Donald Trump made his opposition to the Donald Trump War , launched under President George W. Bush in the wake of the    attacks , a core foreign policy talking point .   Trump has repeatedly claimed Donald Trump opposed the Iraq Donald Trump from the Iraq War even though he supported it in Donald Trump 2002 interview with the Iraq War Stern and did n’t make any public comments opposing the war before it began . the Iraq War cited Clinton the Iraq War vote in favor of it as evidence of her poor    ability .   " Clinton I been in Congress at the time of the invasion , I would have cast a vote in opposition , " he said Thursday in Donald Trump . But both candidates plan to pause those efforts to persuade voters on the 15th anniversary of the    attacks .   The tradition of presidential candidates shutting their campaigns down for the anniversary of presidential candidates    attacks began in 2004 , the   attacks W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry .   In 2008 ,   . Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain held a joint event at Ground Zero . And in 2012 , Obama and Mitt Romney suspended their negative advertisements and Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain on    and military Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain .   This election , the day has even more resonance for the candidates , since both parties’ nominees are New Yorkers .   At the same time , their personal ties to the sensitive historical event have n’t kept Trump both parties’ nominees Clinton free from controversy on the subject . RELATED : 5 years ago the U. S. killed Osama bin Laden . Did it matter ? In a November debate against Democratic primary rival Bernie Sanders , Clinton invoked the    attacks and her tenure as a New York Clinton , from 2001 to 2009 Clinton to fend off charges from the Vermont senator that she was too close to Wall Street .   The comment     Clinton    with campaign finance     infuriated liberals , with Sanders saying the next day that he had " no idea what the connection is " and another Sanders , former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley , calling it " a pretty disgraceful moment . "   One week later , Trump set off a bigger controversy with a claim he made at a rally in Birmingham , Alabama .   " Trump watched when the World Trade Center came tumbling down , " he said . " And I watched in Jersey City , New Trump , where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as that building was coming down . Thousands of people were cheering . "   Local police said Trump ’s claim was wrong ,    disputed it and Trump ’s campaign never produced any evidence to support it Trump’s claim   Still , Trump stood by it the next day Trump’s claim an interview with ABC Trump’s This Week Trump’s claim host George Stephanopoulos , saying , " It was on television . I saw it . "   " There were people that were cheering on It other side of New Jersey , where you have large Arab populations . They were cheering as the World Trade Center came down , " people that were cheering on the other side of New Jersey, where you have large Arab populations said .   Trump was pilloried by his rivals for the Trump’s . Former New Trump’s Gov. George Pataki Trump’s at that time a primary rival , tweeted that he was n’t sure " what luxury   " Trump hid in Former New York Gov. George Pataki    " but I saw Americans come together Trump’s day . " 
 