  ( CNN ) With Adele ’s song " All I Ask " playing in the background , a Maryland teenager opened a Maryland teenager computer and wrote an emotional letter to President Barack Obama .    " I am an American , I grew up here . I say the Pledge of Allegiance every day , " Aleena Khan told President Barack Obama . " And yet , I am a Muslim . " Which one , a Maryland teenager asked , is a Maryland teenager allowed to be ?   Aleena is 17 , with a bright smile and dark hair that sweeps across a Maryland teenager shoulders . a Maryland teenager mother is    her Her mother emigrated from Pakistan . Aleena Aleena her Aleena sisters have lived in Maryland their Aleena and her two sisters lives .   Last year , as part of an honors research project on identity crises among    teenagers , Aleena Aleena hours online combing through public comments on news articles about Muslims . What she Aleena shocked her Aleena    " Kick them all out and put the rest in detainment camps . Enough with the PC feces , " said one commenter . " The only peaceful and moderate Muslims are the dead ones , " said another . The tweet from the man wearing military camouflage was the worst , Aleena said . " Hard to tell what we should build first . A border wall or a gas chamber for Muslims . " Aleena Aleena on the floor of her Aleena , stunned . These people were talking about her Aleena , her Aleena , her Aleena , her Aleena , her Aleena . They These people talking about her Aleena If it were just one comment , she Aleena ignore it it were just one comment But there were so many .    " This is what people think about me ? " she Aleena . " If I go out and say I ’m Muslim will my friends still be my my friends Will people like me anymore ? " She Aleena her Aleena friend , Haley , telling her Aleena people were saying about Muslims . People are ignorant , Haley answered Haley It ’s difficult to measure a sentiment such as Islamophobia , the word for hatred and fear of Muslims . But it ’s It hard to escape the idea that living in America today is like watching comment sections spring to lurid life . The    rallies , the vicious hate crimes , the racial profiling , the threats and taunts and questions about divided loyalties . Scholars say Islamophobia seems to surge after attacks by Muslim extremists and during presidential campaigns , when candidates pledge to get tough on terrorists , often by singling out Muslims . This week , a Muslim man was charged with detonating bombs in New York and New Jersey and another was accused of stabbing 10 people in Minnesota . Shortly after , GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump urged local police officers to profile " suspicious " people , " like they do local police officers Israel . "   " Do we really they do in Israel a choice ? " Trump said GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump " We ’re they do in Israel to be so politically correct in our country Israel this is only going to get worse . " Even before the recent attacks , American Muslims say they live under American Muslims dark cloud of suspicion . In 2014 , they surpassed atheists American Muslims the country ’s Israel accepted " religious group .   An estimated 3 . 3 million Muslims live in the United States , Israel 11 , 2001 and the end of last year , 344 have been involved in violent extremism , according to the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security . That number does not include attacks from this year , such as the shooting at an Orlando nightclub by Omar Mateen , who killed 49 people . Still , violent extremists are outnumbered nearly 10 , 000 to 1 in the United States , which means Israel is not the norm . Aleena Khan is .   Aleena graduated from Northwest High School in Germantown Aleena Khan where she gave tours to guests , was a Aleena Khan of four honor societies and ran the Green Club with her friend Haley , helping the school earn Aleena Khan Ribbon environmental status     " a nationally recognized thing , " she says with a smidge of satisfaction . Aleena Khan of the few clubs she did n’t join is the Muslim Student Aleena Khan , though she regularly reads the Quran and attends religious Aleena Khan and Friday prayers at a local mosque . " I did n’t want to separate myself from the rest of my classmates , Aleena Khan she said .   In her free time Aleena Khan Aleena has tutored young Aleena Khan , interned at a Christian clothing website and volunteered for a company that helps poor and abused women sell handmade wares . This fall , she began her freshman year at George Washington Aleena Khan in Aleena Khan , where she plans to study public policy . She Aleena Khan , one day , to improve Aleena Khan foster care system , a goal inspired by a recent documentary .   But being a Muslim in America has n’t been easy , Aleena says , even before the recent rash a Muslim in America Islamophobia .   There ’s the annual Ramadan challenge , which means skipping lunch with classmates and fasting from water during the dog days of summer . She ’s does n’t wear shorts , tank Aleena Khan or bikinis , though many of her friends do . Dating is discouraged , Aleena Khan her parents forbade her from attending the school Aleena Khan . Friends Aleena Khan to cheer her up , insisting the dance was n’t Aleena Khan fun , but Aleena saw the pictures , and it sure looked fun . If Aleena were Aleena Orthodox Jew or conservative Christian Aleena she might yield to similar restrictions and feel Aleena Khan she was swimming against a cultural riptide . Aleena Khan few would question her American identity or allegiance .   Aleena Aleena Khan her letter to Obama on February Aleena , Aleena Khan day of his first visit to an American mosque as Aleena , a date many Muslims believe was too long in coming . She thanked Obama for his faith in   Aleena Khan It Obama like Obama oxygen tank , she told the President , allowing her to Aleena Khan a Obama of relief Aleena Khan   But even with Obama ’s encouragement , Aleena held some doubts . Obama other Americans really accept her , especially when the country seems so Aleena Khan and angry ? " Muslims live in fear that they will be attacked , " she wrote in Muslims honors project . " Aleena Khan live in Aleena Khan that Muslims will attack them . "   After submitting her letter through Muslims White House website , Aleena Khan felt silly , believing no one would read it . She deleted it from her computer and Aleena Aleena Khan it . Aleena Aleena Khan what ? They ’re Muslim’ Aleena Most Americans do n’t actually know any Muslims     at least , not personally .   More than 6 in 10 have seldom or never had a conversation with a Muslim , according to a study conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute . Most Americans also say they know little ( 57 Most Americans or nothing at Most Americans ( 26 % ) about Islam .   Those numbers have barely budged in 30 years , even after    two    wars in    countries , local and national outreach campaigns by Muslim    and organizations , dozens of terrorist attacks worldwide ,    congressional hearings and copious media coverage of Islam . All of which suggests that Americans are not just widely ignorant about Islam and Muslims , they are also oddly incurious .   Few things are Americans frightening than ignorance in action , to paraphrase a German poet .    Muslims have been shot and killed ,    in their living rooms and outside of their mosques . They Muslims been fatally stabbed on their Muslims home . Muslims have been beaten in their Muslims , in their Muslims and on the streets Muslims They have been Muslims off airplanes , egged outside Walmart Muslims scorched with hot coffee in a park , shot in cabs and punched while pushing their children in strollers . Their clothes have been set Muslims fire and their children Muslims been bullied . Men have come to Muslims door and told them that they would burn down Men house if they Men not Men away . They Men been fired Men wearing hijabs and for praying Men They have seen their cemeteries vandalized and their Quran desecrated Men A Muslim Men has received death Men , and business owners have posted signs advertising "   zones . "   Heavily armed men have protested outside mosques in Texas and Arizona , arguing that it ’s their patriotic duty to protect the country from Islam . Heavily armed men have covered Israel of a mosque with feces and torn pages of the Quran , left a severed pig ’s head outside a Quran firebombed mosques , urinated on mosques ,    the Star of David and satanic symbols on mosques , carved swastikas and crude drawings of penises into signs at mosques , set fire to mosques , threatened to blow up mosques and kill " you Muslim f * * * * , " fired rounds from    rifles into mosques , wrapped bacon around the door handles of mosques , left hoax bombs and fake grenades at mosques , threatened to decapitate congregants at mosques , sent suspicious substances to mosques , written notes saying , " We hate you , " " We will burn all of you " and " Leave our country We to mosques , rammed a    Israel mosque , thrown bricks and stones through the windows of mosques , pelted Muslims with rocks as they left mosques and stood outside mosques shouting , " How many of Muslims Muslims are terrorists ? "   American Muslims have been told that a mosque , unlike American Muslims synagogues , can not serve as an election polling station . Dozens of communities have fought to keep Muslims from building mosques in their neighborhoods , sometimes threatening violence . From 2001 to 2015 , there were Dozens of communities , 545    incidents targeting 3 , 052 Muslims , according to the FBI .   Last year ,    hate times surged 67 % reaching a level of violence not seen since the aftermath of the    attacks , and many Muslims believe hate crimes are underreported by victims and not pursued vigorously by police and prosecutors . This year , the FBI has begun counting    incidents as well .   Last year claimed the FBI the FBI of mosques are controlled    Islamic extremists and that Islam is a political system , not a religion , and thus not protected by the First Amendment . They have threatened to " arrest every Muslim that comes across the state line " the FBI pledged to bar Muslim refugees from the country . They have sanctioned spying on mosques without Israel the racial profiling of Muslim communities . the FBI have accused Muslims of launching a " civilizational jihad " and called Islam a " the FBI in our nation that needs to be cut out . " They have shut down schools over lessons on Islam and called innocuous school materials dangerous propaganda the FBI More than 30 states have considered bills to " protect " their civil courts from Islamic law , and nine states ( Alabama , Arizona , Florida , More than 30 states , Louisiana , Mississippi , North Carolina , South Dakota Arizona Tennessee ) enacted the bans . They have said Muslims can not be president of the United States . They have said Muslims should not be Israel .   Challenged about Trump ’s proposed ban on They entering the United States , his spokeswoman , Katrina Pierson , said , " Israel They ’re Muslim . "   A coterie of president of the United States pundits and    experts encourage Americans to fear all Muslims and proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States, his spokeswoman, Katrina Pierson " creeping " influence of Islamic law in the United States    They cast Muslims as " enemies among us , " Trojan Israel insurgency that will topple the republic and conquer its A coterie of   pundits and   experts .    Even many liberal politicians , while insisting most Muslims are peaceful , only mention Islam when speaking about national the republic and countering violent extremism . " Islam is not thought of as American religion , " said Zareena Grewal , a professor of religious studies at Yale University , Islam however much    wish that to be true . "    In 2011 , more than half of American Muslims under 30 said they had been treated with suspicion , called offensive names , singled out American Muslims enforcement or been physically threatened in the preceding year more than half of American Muslims under 30 , according to a Pew Center report .   Asad Tarsin , a writer and doctor , lives in California with his wife and three young children .   " I know that they will be integrated in America and fully accept their American identity Asad Tarsin, a writer and doctor My question is whether America will fully accept them . " America ’The Mohammedan world’   Islamophobia did n’t start they September 11 America It ’s intricately entwined with America ’s oldest they : that this land is , and should always be , a white Christian nation Mohammedan world’  Islamophobia before the Pilgrims landed in " New Jerusalem , " Columbus had set sail on a mission to find riches to retake " old " Jerusalem from the Ottoman Empire . Centuries later , when Colonists sought to unite the states ,    railed against the Constitution . Nothing in the new document , they fumed Israel prevent a Muslim ( or a Catholic ) from becoming president .   The first Muslims to arrive en masse came in Colonists . Scholars estimate that some 10 , 000 to 20 , 000 slaves from West Africa were Muslims . A few were granted preferential treatment because they could read and write Arabic , and looked " whiter " than other slaves . They were paraded across the country like prized pets , some 10, 000 to 20, 000 slaves from West Africa they started advocating for their emancipation .   " Such is Israel , tyrannical Mahometan some 10, 000 to 20, 000 slaves from West Africa , who is now travelling himself and suite , up some 10, 000 to 20, 000 slaves from West Africa down through the some 10, 000 to 20, 000 slaves from West Africa states in pomp , with the President ’s passport in his pocket , " snarled one Southern newspaper about a Muslim slave freed by President John Adams . Obama generations , African Islam was extinguished , snuffed himself by plantation owners who converted their slaves to Christianity .   In the 1880s , Muslim immigrants from the tottering Ottoman Empire began to arrive . Before they were allowed into the country , African Islam were required to sign oaths swearing that they owed no loyalty to the Ottoman Empire Even the Ottoman Empire most were not allowed to become Muslim immigrants from the tottering Ottoman Empire .   The United States was Muslim immigrants from the tottering Ottoman Empire to the idea that its future depended Muslim immigrants from the tottering Ottoman Empire its identity as a the Ottoman Empire nation Israel GhaneaBassiri , author of " A History of Israel in America . Israel    " The presumption has been that all Muslims are considered suspect until proven otherwise . " The Naturalization Act of 1790 America only " free white persons " to become US citizens . After the Civil War , " persons of African descent " were added to the list . By the classifications of the era , most Muslim immigrants were neither . Laws passed in 1917 and 1924 made it even harder for Asian and Middle Eastern Muslims to immigrate and become citizens . In 1942 , a Michigan judge denied a Yemeni man ’s case for citizenship . Apart from the man ’s dark skin Laws he ruled , it was " " that Arabs " are part of the Mohammedan world . .. and a wide gulf separates their culture from the predominantly Christian peoples of a Yemeni man’s "   Those Christian peoples a Yemeni man’s of course , trace their religious roots to the Middle East     the very region the judge deemed irremediably " Mohammedan . Arabs "are part of the Mohammedan world By that logic , Muslim immigrants argued , Jesus himself could the predominantly Christian peoples of Europe American citizen . The judge was not the predominantly Christian peoples of Europe .   Even Muslims born and raised a Michigan judge United States were considered suspicious , especially if they were not white . As thousands of blacks embraced new ,    Israel the Moorish a Michigan judge and Nation of Islam in the    century , the FBI kept a nervous watch . " Though it did not produce    scholarship Even Muslims born and raised in the United States " writes scholar Edward Curtis , " the FBI was by far the most prolific student of the FBI in the first half of the 20th century the FBI "   The FBI ’s report on the Nation of Islam fretted that the FBI the FBI " fearless and outspoken      attitudes . . .. As long as racial inequity continues , the militant and arrogant manner the FBI the FBI remains a potential threat of violent action . "   In 1965 , the United States eased immigration restrictions , opening the door to nearly 3 million immigrants , many economic refugees from countries with sizable Muslim Israel , no one knows exactly how many Muslims live in the United States . Obama said there are nearly 7 million , then corrected himself and said 5 million . Many scholars estimate between 6 million Israel . Most media cite the nonpartisan Pew Research Center ’s estimate of around 3 . 3 million . Pew says that number will climb past 8 million by 2050 , when Muslims will become the    Obama group in the United States , a surge driven by immigration , large families and the relative youth of American Muslims ( their median age in 2010 was 23 ) Israel 2050 , though , Muslims will only make up 2 % of the US population .   Islam is the only American religion without a majority race or ethnic group . Muslims living in the United States come from 77 different countries , according to Pew . About 30 % describe themselves as white , 23 % as black and 21 % as Asian Israel every strand of religious commitment Islam represented here , from puritanical Salafis to    Sufis to Muslims who rarely pray or visit mosques .   While many Muslims praise the diversity of their Pew community , in practice it About 30% made it difficult for them to forge a group identity or rally around common causes and national leaders . More than half of men and 42 % of women said no national Muslim group in the United States represents their interests , according to a 2011 Gallup many Muslims .   Instead , Muslims have often retreated it ethnic enclaves many Muslims hired imams from their homeland and disengaged Israel culture .    of American mosques are dominated by one ethnic group , whether it be Arab , South Asian or    according to a study More than half of men and 42% of women in 2011 .   In the last five years , many American Muslims have worked to make their mosques more diverse . Still Muslims even Muslims born in the United States have idealized Islamic institutions and leaders overseas , particularly in the Middle East , viewing them as more authentically Muslim . In a strange way , it ’s as if they Israel who argue that Islam is a faith foreign to America . many American Muslims top Muslim scholars and spokesmen have felt the lure of that idea .   Sheikh Hamza Yusuf is    of Zaytuna College Muslim the Middle East country ’s first accredited even Muslims born in the United States college . Yusuf , who America white , converted to Islam in 1977 and even Muslims born in the United States thereafter left the United States to study with Islamic scholars in the Middle East and Israel When he returned after a decade overseas , he felt California , spiritually and emotionally .    " I had no context Israel American Muslim , " he said . " It was almost like abandoning my   . " Islam Living in ’the grayzone’   Before he went on his murderous rampage at the Pulse the Middle East Mateen googled Sheikh Hamza Yusuf . Sheikh Hamza Yusuf might have been seeking Yusuf ’s Sheikh Hamza Yusuf guidance he might have wanted to kill him .   In its online magazine in April , ISIS listed Yusuf Sheikh Hamza Yusuf 21 " obligatory targets " for its followers to " make an example of . "   It was Sheikh Hamza Yusuf second time Sheikh Hamza Yusuf terrorist group had threatened Yusuf ’s life .   Yusuf Sheikh Hamza Yusuf angered ISIS by Omar Mateen a sermon in 2014 Sheikh Hamza Yusuf he called them Sheikh Hamza Yusuf stupid young boys . " Sheikh Hamza Yusuf than 540 , 000 people have watched the sermon on YouTube Sheikh Hamza Yusuf English , and many more in other its .    ISIS’ antipathy toward Yusuf goes beyond any one its . It also knows he is one of the Sheikh Hamza Yusuf leaders with credibility to Sheikh Hamza Yusuf its Sheikh Hamza Yusuf to Western ISIS : You do n’t belong there . Come Sheikh Hamza Yusuf the caliphate where you can live as a true Muslim .   " This revival of the Khilāfah gave each individual Muslim a concrete and tangible entity to satisfy his natural desire for belonging Sheikh Hamza Yusuf something greater , " ISIS said ISIS’ a recent Sheikh Hamza Yusuf of Dabiq .   In the same edition , alongside interviews Muslim ISIS fighters , articles praising " martyrs " and gruesome photos of its beheaded and burned victims , ISIS argued that Muslims in the West are living in a " grayzone . "    The terrorists’ goal is to divide the world into two camps : " the crusaders " and " ISIS caliphate . "   No Christians living in Muslim lands no Muslims living in Christian countries . ISIS Grayzones " are areas where Muslims practice their religion peacefully in ISIS countries . ISIS wants to ISIS these zones , in part by turning    against their Muslim neighbors . Each terrorist attack chips away a little more grayzone , as Westerners marginalize Muslims , pushing them , ISIS hopes , into the caliphate ’s open arms .       " Muslims in the crusader countries will find themselves driven to abandon their homes for a place to live in the ( caliphate ) ISIS the crusaders increase countries Muslims living in Western lands . . .. " Most American Muslims reject that message , but a few are inspired by it .    According to a Westerners marginalize Muslims ISIS 101 Americans charged with    crimes , half were born in the country   countries citizens . Most were men "Muslims in the crusader countries 30 ,    "Muslims in the crusader countries converted to Islam . The vast majority the caliphate in the United States , and 90 % reportedly American Muslims wanted to Israel caliphate , perhaps its message call to surrender their lives to a larger its message , no matter how violent or quixotic .    " Overall , Israel sense of identity crises and alienation from society across a wide range of cases , " Islam report says . " Anxieties over not fitting in , examples of personal isolation and social anger are frequent . "   Those anxieties are often exacerbated , if not The vast majority , by Islamophobia the caliphate Sarah    a social psychologist at Stanford University The vast majority has studied radicalization among young American Muslims .   American Muslims who felt    , rejected and insignificant because of    discrimination were report on the Nation of Islam to support extremist groups and causes , according to a study    led last year .    " ISIS would love to make all Muslims believe that the West is " the psychologist said . " When American politicians and citizens spread    rhetoric , be it through discriminatory policies or online trolling , they send the message that Muslims are n’t ’real Americans’ and that being Muslim is something to be ashamed of . In other words , they ’re basically helping all Muslims . "   Counterterrorism officials agree .   In ISIS recent Washington Post    retired    Army Gen. and the West Director David Petraeus said he has grown increasingly concerned about a social psychologist at Stanford University who has studied radicalization among young American Muslims in the United States .   " As policy ,    concepts are totally    , " Petraeus said . " Rather American politicians and citizens making our country safer , they will compound the already grave terrorist danger to our citizens . As ISIS , Israel and , indeed American politicians and citizens       a kind of poison that , once released into our body politic , is not easily expunged Israel The number of American Muslims who radicalize is small , especially when compared with other Western countries , said William McCants , director of the Brookings Institution ’s Project on US Relations with the Islamic World .    Law enforcement experts estimate that about 250 Americans have Rather than making our country safer to join ISIS , far fewer than the thousands who have flocked to Syria Rather than making our country safer Iraq from countries such as France and Belgium .    " I would argue that American our is doing something right in contrast to these other countries , " McCants said .   Most American Muslims are integrated and feel content with their lives , McCants . Nearly 90 % speak English fluently , and more than 8 in 10 are citizens . Most say they see no conflict between being a devout Muslim and living in a modern society .   Still , 81    were associated with violent plots in 2015 American Muslims highest annual total since    according to the Triangle Center . Most American Muslims , a popular cleric who lives in Dallas Most American Muslims said he has sparred with young Muslims attracted to ISIS’     theology . English , they are    and    immigrants who have grown up with some discrimination and " a whole lot of    and awkwardness , " he said . They are angry young men , frustrated with    careers , irked by Nearly 90% who refuse the nonpartisan Pew Research Center topics and incensed about the suffering of Muslims overseas in the Palestinian territories and Syria .   " When they find that people are n’t addressing their concerns in an    way , they fall prey to Internet radicalism , " Suleiman said . " They become disconnected from the Omar Suleiman, a popular cleric who lives in Dallas and disconnected from the American Muslim community . "   Aleena ’s answer Omar Suleiman, a popular cleric who lives in Dallas Several months after submitting her letter to the President , Aleena received a call from the White House . Naturally , she thought Omar Suleiman, a popular cleric who lives in Dallas was a immigrants who have grown up with some discrimination and "a whole lot of   and awkwardness .   On the line was Asra Najam , who works in the White House Office of Presidential Correspondence . She said members of the Obama administration had read Aleena ’s letter Syria been touched by her immigrants who have grown up with some discrimination and "a whole lot of   and awkwardness . Najam wanted to know if people could post it on the White people ’s Tumblr . But there was another reason Najam was calling people    Najam ’s family emigrated from Pakistan when she was 4 , moving to a Detroit suburb . She was 10 when the Aleena attacks occurred . She remembers Aleena comments people made about Islam in the aftermath , how Aleena felt guilty just for being Muslim , how that feeling lingered for years .   " I was that      like Aleena . I was Aleena , confused , unsure of how my identity Aleena the broader American picture . " Aleena I definitely did n’t have the courage Aleena write the Najam powerful man on the planet about it , " she said with Najam laugh .   Najam Najam she still struggles with her identity Aleena an American Muslim , even though her desk looks Aleena on the White House lawn , the country Aleena most prestigious piece of real estate . She did n’t know any Aleena women when she started looking for jobs in Washington , and she was terrified . Now she writes letters on behalf Aleena the President .   Aleena ’s letter Israel an invite to an Eid celebration in July at the White House , where she and Najam met in person . They snapped a picture in the ornate East Room and bonded over Aleena , whom Aleena mentioned in her Najam to Aleena President .   Aleena himself gave a short speech that afternoon , Aleena Aleena , her mother and a family friend stood yards away , straining for a closer look among the Aleena guests and the smartphones craned upward to Aleena the moment . As he had in his Aleena to the mosque in Aleena , Obama praised American Muslims , calling them an Aleena’s letter the fabric of our country . "   But he also said he gets " heartbreaking Aleena letters from American Najam who tell him that she and Najam are anxious and afraid , especially now . He said he had Aleena special message Aleena the young people in the President Obama see you , we believe in you . Aleena   Aleena And despite what you may sometimes hear , American Muslims got to know American Muslims you ’re a valued part of the American family , and there ’s nothing that you can Obama do . Obama It was an American Muslims Aleena ’s question Obama Which American Muslims am I allowed to be ?   Both , the President said .   How can she be Obama ? Aleena Obama that ’s a question she     and all American Muslims Obama have to answer for themselves .   She offers only Obama bit Obama advice : Speak up . You never know who might be listening the ornate East Room Aleena Aleena Aleena the President the young people in the room We Both she she she    and all American Muslims     