  ( CNN ) Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson said Wednesday that Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson party and the Green Party do not cancel each other out .   " his party and the Green Party ’re drawing pretty much equally from his party and the Green Party , " Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson told CNN his party and the Green Party Don Lemon on " CNN Tonight . " " I see that going all the way to the election . "   On Wednesday , CNN his party and the Green Party a town hall with Green the Green Party candidate Jill Stein and her running Jill Stein , Ajamu Baraka . Stein defended Jill Stein    Jill Stein against the logic that a vote for her would Jill Stein a waste and would ultimately help elect Donald Trump .   Jill Stein Jill Stein will have trouble sleeping at night if either Trump or Clinton is elected , " The unique thing about the Green Party is that we are the one national party that is not corrupted by corporate money , by lobbyist money or by Super PACs , " Stein said . Jill Stein We have the we are the one national party that is not corrupted by corporate money, by lobbyist money or by Super PACs ability to actually stand up for what it is that the American people want , what everyday people want . " Johnson told Lemon that he ’s not Johnson with the election cycle . Johnson is polling Johnson the high single digits , which is shy of the 15 % needed to appear on the presidential debate stages this fall .   " I ’m really optimistic that we will be in the debates , " Johnson said . Johnson As crazy as this campaign season is , I might be the next president of the United States , " Johnson joked . Johnson The Libertarian candidate boasted that he and his Johnson mate Johnson Governor of Massachusetts William Weld is the only    campaign that will be on the ballot in all 50 states .   " A wasted vote is voting for somebody that you do n’t believe in , " Johnson said . Johnson If you do n’t vote your conscience , shame on you . I think maybe six weeks from now you ’ll be talking about , is voting for Trump a wasted vote ? Is voting for Clinton a wasted vote , given that Gary Johnson has Johnson far , so fast . "  
 