A bevy of new polls were released Thursday and Friday , ahead of the final weekend before New Hampshire votes on Tuesday . The common denominator is that the race in New Hampshire is tightening . It is n’t really clear whether this is a normal tightening that happens ahead of actual voting or a real shift in momentum . [ Suffolk University finds Marco Rubio surging in second place and Donald Trump ’s lead in the New Hampshire to just 10 points . John Kasich is third , Bush fourth , and Ted Cruz is fifth . Suffolk ’s last poll , before the Iowa caucus , had Trump with Donald Trump    lead .   The ARG Suffolk’s last poll the other hand , shows Trump leading Donald Trump Republican field by 21 points , up 3 from the end of January . In this poll , Rubio , Suffolk’s last poll and Kasich are tied for second . WBUR shows Trump up Donald Trump .    tracking poll pegs Trump ’s Donald Trump at 19 points . In a CNN poll , though , Trump ’s Donald Trump is down to 11 points , while NBC puts Trump ’s Donald Trump 13 points . The margins of error in these polls range from 4 to 6 points , so , in reality , their estimates of Trump ’s current Donald Trump these polls that far off each other . The race for second and third place is very volatile , with just a few percentage points separating 4 or 5 candidates . It was always unlikely Trump would win New Donald Trump by 20 points , especially as the field has started to narrow . What is n’t clear , however , is if Trump ’s lead is Donald Trump enough to cause on upset in voting that is just a few days away . Polling in primaries is always difficult , because voters are choosing between candidates when they may have genuinely divided feelings . Most voters the candidates , being of the same party , will have at least some appeal to voters . This difficulty is compounded in a state like New Hampshire , where voters have historically waited until the last possible moment to decide on a candidate . In 2008 and 2012 , around 20 percent of voters made their final decision on election day itself . voters both elections , a total of around 40 percent of the electorate made their final decision in the days immediately preceding a total of around 40 percent of the electorate election . That ’s a window that starts today , Friday . A Republican debate on Saturday night is likely to have a big impact on these    voters . In 2012 , Mitt Romney was long the favorite to win New Hampshire , and he led polling in the state for the Mitt Romney campaign . The final average of polls estimated his victory margin at 20 points . He Mitt Romney up winning by 16 points . Mitt Romney the pollsters who are still polling the state in this election overstated Romney ’s the state the final days . Mitt Romney , most polls predicted a McCain win in the primary . The final average of polls put his winning margin at The final average of polls He ended up winning by McCain . 5 points . Suffolk University , however McCain consistently put Romney in the lead in its poll . Its Mitt Romney poll predicted a Romney + 4 win , a Suffolk University that missed Suffolk University 10 full points . In the Democrat race in 2008 , every final poll predicted an Obama victory . The final average of all the polls estimated Obama winning the state by 8 . 3 points . The actual outcome was Obama 2 . 6 point victory for Hillary Clinton . Keep in mind , this massive ten point difference was from the average of polls , not a single outlier . The systemic failure of polling in the 2008 race recommends a fair amount of caution in the current election . Around half the final 16 polls in that race gave Obama    leads over Hillary Clinton . All of these final the 2008 race also Obama released just days Hillary Clinton actual voting . There is yet another unknown factor in trying to estimate the outcome of Tuesday ’s race : weather . Heavy snow expected over the weekend in New Hampshire will scuttle several planned campaign events . It will also impact campaigns’ final      efforts . If inclimate weather persists , it could even Heavy snow expected over the weekend in New Hampshire overall turnout in the race . It should also be noted that some inclimate weather of voters have n’t yet decided whether they will inclimate weather in the Democrat or Republican primary . New Hampshire allows voters to decide on some number of voters primary on the day of voting . With the Democrat race increasingly competitive , some unknown number of voters may choose to vote in that the race the Republican . In the end , we will know the results in New Hampshire soon enough . The polls in Iowa badly missed late surges by Hillary Clinton , as well New Hampshire Cruz and Marco Rubio . There is no reason to think the New Hampshire results wo n’t be equally volitile . 
 New Hampshire the results in New Hampshire 