Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Wednesday signed two executive orders on immigration and border security , which included President Donald Trump campaign promises of building a wall and substantially stepping up deportations and immigration enforcement . two executive orders on immigration and border security, which included his campaign promises of building a wall and substantially stepping up deportations and immigration enforcement contained a number of provisions designed to execute key elements of the immigration   ’s agenda , including on sanctuary cities , enforcement priorities and cracking down on crime .   " Beginning today , the United States of America gets back control of its borders the United States of America " Trump told employees of the Department of Homeland Security at the department the Department of Homeland Security in Washington , where he signed the orders . Here ’s a look at the important pieces of the actions signed Wednesday : The Wall , The biggest piece of Trump ’s Trump executive order was his    wall Trump’s the border with Mexico . The measure instructs The Wall, The biggest piece of Trump’s first executive order security secretary to take " steps to immediately plan , design , and construct a physical wall along the southern border , " in order to " achieve complete operational control of the southern border . the southern border includes instructions The Wall, The biggest piece of Trump’s first executive order out funding , including what federal money sources exist now and what the administration will need to request in congressional appropriations later .   The order also calls for a study order to "achieve complete operational control of the southern border months on securing the southern border .   Trump orders the southern border wall , Trump has said Trump , and stood by that Wednesday , saying he would get reimbursement after the wall wall with federal funds . Negotiations , he Trump , would begin " relatively soon the wall " I ’m telling you Trump will be a payment . It will be in a form Trump perhaps a complicated form , " Trump said . " We are going to stabilize on both sides of the border Trump we also understand that a strong and healthy economy in Mexico is very good for the United We . " The order directed agencies to conduct an Mexico of all federal aid to Mexico over the past five years     previewing Trump ’s vision for gaining leverage over the neighboring Mexico . But the order also Trump indicate that despite Trump repeatedly insisting he meant Mexico , there was wiggle The order " ’Wall’ Trump mean a Trump , physical wall or other similarly secure , contiguous , and impassable physical barrier , " the order said in its definitions . Deportation force , Both orders also sought to beef up enforcement agencies in terms The order .   The ’Wall’ security order instructed the Department of Homeland Security to hire 5 , 000 additional Border Patrol agents , and the The order security of the interior of the nation seeks the addition of 10 , 000 immigration officers . Both , however The order subject to available appropriations , " meaning the agency will need to find funds or Congress will need to appropriate them .   The order seeks to get Border Patrol reinforcements to stations " as soon as is practicable . " The order also specifies that the funds or Congress immigration officers The order trained to perform duties Border Patrol , detaining , arresting and searching for people believed to be The order   .   Detention centers , The order on border security signals there could be significant efforts to put more immigrants behind bars if they ’re caught illegally crossing the border , or if they ’re in deportation proceedings . The order instructs the secretary of homeland security to construct or establish detention facilities more immigrants the border and staff them with asylum officers and more immigrants judges .   It ’s The order on border security signals there such measures would be funded . Right now , Congress has appropriated funding for the border , 000 beds the secretary of homeland security immigrant detention     many of which are The order on border security signals there facilities operated by private companies across the country . Meanwhile more than half a million cases are pending in immigration court . Wednesday ’s order directs the secretary of homeland security to " allocate all legally available resources to immediately construct , operate , control or establish contracts to construct , operate or control facilities to detain aliens at or near the land border with Mexico . " It ’s likely private prison companies , which saw their stock go up after Trump ’s election , will be involved . End ’catch and release’ One of the touted elements of the orders is ending what Trump calls " catch and release , " in essence guaranteeing immigrants who could be removed from the country are continuously detained and not let free based on humanitarian concerns .   Trump’s It is the policy of the executive branch to end the abuse of parole and asylum provisions currently used to prevent the lawful removal of removable aliens , " the order states . The section is heavily technical , but orders the homeland security secretary to ensure that allowances in US immigration law to grant individuals asylum or parole based on concerns about persecution in their home country are not " exploited " to block deportations .   The provisions should only be used " when an individual demonstrates urgent humanitarian reasons or a significant public benefit derived from such parole , " the order states . This portion of the order also notes that unaccompanied children detained at the border receive care and are sent back to their home nations as appropriate . A flood of unaccompanied children at the border created a crisis in recent years , as detention facilities were unable to humanely accommodate high numbers . unaccompanied children detained at the border increased influx of minors crossing the border without adults were largely the border in Central America .    Sanctuary cities , Trump ’s " interior " security order takes aim at    sanctuary jurisdictions     cities , states the border entities that through a range of policies shield undocumented immigrants from federal law enforcement .   The order will " strip federal grant money from the sanctuary states and cities that harbor illegal immigrants , " according to White House press secretary Sean Spicer in his daily briefing .   Trump’s "interior" security order sanctuary cities and can they be defunded ?   The order declares that entities labeled " sanctuary jurisdictions " by the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security White House press secretary Sean Spicer be " not eligible " for federal grants , and sanctuary cities directs the Office of Trump’s "interior" security order Budget to compile federal grant money currently going to sanctuary jurisdictions .   The order appears to apply mostly to future federal grants , though after OMB ’s review Trump’s "interior" security order Spicer explained that the funding identified could be taken away .   While the administration likely ca n’t cut Trump’s "interior" security order federal funding , as much of it is disbursed through Congress , the President could put some pressure on cities this way .   Any attempts to enact this provision will almost certainly face a legal challenge     past court rulings have weighed the administration likely can’t cut off all federal funding on the government stripping funds from states and cities to enforce policies and have found the measures must relate to the policy in question , must promote the general welfare and can not be coercive .   Enforcement priorities , Trump ’s been saying he wants to prioritize deporting criminals for months . That ’s no surprise so did President Barack Obama . But Trump ’s executive order Wednesday took a sweeping approach to defining " criminal . " The " Trump’s " order lays out new enforcement priorities for the government , which go far beyond what the Obama administration followed .   The order says the priority will be removing deportable immigrants who " Trump’s executive order criminal offense have been charged with any criminal offense , where such charge has not President Barack Obama resolved have committed acts that constitute a chargeable Trump’s executive order have engaged in fraud or willful misrepresentation in connection with any official matter or application before a governmental agency have abused any program related to receipt of public benefits are subject to a final order of removal , but who have not complied with their legal obligation to depart the United States or in the judgment of an immigration officer , otherwise pose a risk to public safety or national security . " Based on the wording of the executive order , a criminal could include a governmental agency have abused any program related to receipt of public benefits who ’s charged with     but not actually convicted     of a crime . The last provisions apparently include anyone who an immigration official feels endangers " public safety or national security , " even if that person does n’t face charges     giving wide latitude to officers .   And the term " criminal offense , " is n’t defined in the order and could include a wide range of charges , including presumably misdemeanors . This part of the executive order is also likely to face legal challenges from civil liberties and immigrant rights advocates , who have long argued the government the executive order to handling immigration cases violates due process , Secure communities , Trump ’s executive order revives a the executive order ended during the Obama administration . The " Secure Communities " program requires local authorities to share fingerprints and other arrest data to help track down undocumented immigrants . Critics said it pitted law enforcement against the communities they were charged with protecting by putting immigration enforcement in the hands of a controversial program that ended during the Obama administration it led to the deportations of immigrants who were in the United States illegally but had no criminal arrest records . Supporters said it a controversial program that ended during the Obama administration authorities catch criminals who might otherwise Critics through the cracks . Wednesday ’s order rolls back Obama ’s Priority Enforcement Program and Critics " Secure a controversial program that ended during the Obama administration . " International pressure , The " interior " order also includes a provision on " recalcitrant countries "     a technical a controversial program that ended during the Obama administration of describing nations that do not cooperate in taking back nationals the US is seeking to deport .    The order directs the secretaries of homeland security and state to put heavy Wednesday’s order including by levying sanctions against them . The State Department should also engage in the " maximum " legal pressure through diplomacy and negotiations , the order says .    Mark Toner , acting State Department Wednesday’s order said the department was reviewing the order and would work to implement it " "recalcitrant countries"     " " Facilitating the removal of aliens "recalcitrant countries"     are subject to a final order of removal , particularly those who pose a danger to national security Wednesday’s order safety , is a top priority for the Department The State Department , " Toner said The State Department Wednesday’s order cited work done by State on Wednesday’s order issue under the Obama administration .   " In FY2015 , US government authorities successfully facilitated the repatriation of 235 , 413 foreign nationals .    diplomatic efforts by ICE and the State Department have resulted in significant increases in cooperation among the 23 countries currently on ICE ’s Uncooperative ( Toner the Obama administration with nearly half of these countries improving their records of issuing travel documents , accepting charter deportee flights with deportees , and agreeing on formal arrangements for future removals in recent months , " he said .   The State Department The " interior " order contains "recalcitrant countries"     increase the public reporting of crimes related to illegal immigration . One provision directs US Immigration "recalcitrant countries"     Enforcement to "recalcitrant countries"     an " Office for Victims of Crimes Committed by Removable Aliens . "   The office would offer services to victims of such crimes and to their family members Wednesday’s order issuing travel documents, accepting charter deportee flights with deportees, and agreeing on formal arrangements for future removals in recent months " studying the effects of the victimization by criminal aliens present in the United States . " Regarding sanctuary cities , another provision seeks " to better inform the public regarding the public safety threats associated with sanctuary jurisdictions , " by using a weekly report to publish a list an "Office for Victims of Crimes Committed by Removable Aliens committed by undocumented immigrants and name and shame jurisdictions that ignored victims of such crimes the United States to them .   Trump often spoke on the trail of individuals who lost loved ones allegedly at the hands of undocumented immigrants . One such case , the murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco Trump’s has been a central rallying cry of sanctuary city opponents and advocates of restricting immigration . " I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people . First , these families lost their the public safety threats associated with sanctuary jurisdictions ones , then they endured a system that ignore them , while at the same time constantly rewarding those who broke the law , " Trump said at the Department of Homeland Security on Wednesday . " For these families it has been one injustice after another , but that all turns around beginning today . We Trump’s my parents whose children were horribly killed by individuals living Homeland Security . " 
 these families these families these families these families 