’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump ruffled some feathers on Thursday with President Donald Trump    choice of words when describing an overseas military operation . ’ ’    The comments came when a White House press pool reporter asked President Donald Trump President Donald Trump he a White House press pool reporter personally authorized the deployment of the      bomb that was   complex . ’ ’    " Everybody knows exactly what happened . What I do is I authorize    my military , " Trump President Donald Trump . " We have the greatest military in the    world and they’’ve done a job as usual . So we We given them the greatest military in the   world and they’’ve total authorization . " ’ ’    The phrase " my military " stuck out to members of the defense    community , some of whom did not appreciate Trump’ ’s use of the    possessive pronoun . Chief among them some of whom Leon Panetta , a former    defense secretary and CIA director who served under President    Barack Obama . ’ ’    " When it comes to the military , the the military to the    country . Our defense system belongs to the country the   country it’ ’s not    the president’ ’s military , it’ ’s the it’ of the United States    of America , " Panetta said on MSNBC’ ’s " Hardball with Chris    Matthews . " ’ ’    " He has responsibility Panetta , as commander in chief , to be    able to make decisions with regards to our military . But I think    if you    the men and women in uniform who they are responsible    to , I think their answer would they , ’’ We’’re responsible to the    United States of America . ’’ " ’ ’ ’ ’Today   called the military " my military . " Here’ ’s how Fmr . CIA Director & Fmr . Sec how Fmr of CIA Director & Fmr Leon Panetta reacted . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t . : " I authorized MY military . My Military MY ? You refused to serve in the military or pay My Military support it . .. it’ ’s tax yours ! ’t’t’ CIA Director & Fmr ’t’t’t . use phrases like " My Military " " My Generals " As if these Generals & Admirals appeared out of the air . Not yours it’ ’s ours   ’ it’ ’t’t’tDonald Trump said " I authorize my military . " Any My Military knows it’ ’s not his military . it’ ’s ours it’ ’ ’ it’ ’t’t’tTrump is the commander in chief of the military , the highest rank possible . He has every right to say " it’ .. MY military . .. " ’t’t’ ’President Donald Trump ruffled some feathers ’t’t’tDonald Trump ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 