Washington ( CNN ) Trump ’s    dilemma , Clinton ’s return from summer " vacation , " competing election forecasts and how Pence fits into the GOP Senate strategy : It ’s all a part of our ’Inside Politics’ forecast . 1 . Will Trump cut Trump a check ? Trump has a cash problem , Clinton ’s big    edge has a lot of Republicans worried     and they Republicans the clock is ticking as Trump labors to close the gap . CNN political reporter Sara Murray reports that Trump Trump children are part of the campaign plan to bring in more money over the next month to six weeks . But that there are those who think Trump Trump to dig into his Trump bank account if he Trump to be truly competitive . " He Trump only has until October 15th , sources say , if he Trump to raise this money and be able to spend it effectively this money Election Day , " Murray said .   " He Trump obviously is going to need to spend more time campaigning and less time raising money in these last couple of months , and that means all hands are on deck . Ivanka Trump , Don Jr. and Eric Trump are all expected to be hosting    in the next few weeks . " 2 . The " Super Bowl " of political science : Who has the right forecast ? Pollsters ask voters who they plan voters vote for in November , but to some political scientists the names do n’t matter at all . Or at least not as much as factors like the unemployment rate or the incumbent president ’s approval rating . Dan Balz Balz past week reviewed the competing forecasts of several political scientists that are about to be published . " Most of them project that Hillary Clinton will win , but there Balz at least two that say that Donald Trump will win , " Balz said .   " And one of the authors , Alan Abramowitz , an eminent political scientist , is openly hoping that his model , which is called ’Time for Change,’ and calls for a Trump victory , will actually be wrong because he is Donald Trump   . " 3 . Clinton returning his a busy schedule     with some help Hillary Clinton One big reason for the Clinton lead in the money race was an August Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton considerable time off the campaign trail and at    Hillary Clinton with wealthy Democratic donors . But Labor Day is a    Clinton ’s aides say , promising a much busier campaign schedule Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nominee but also her big named surrogates : President Barack Obama , Democratic primary rival Hillary Clinton Sanders and her husband , former President Bill Clinton . Abby Phillip of The Hillary Clinton Post shared reporting that as Clinton returns to the trail , she also plans to put some   Clinton’s that August    take to Abby Phillip of The Washington Post use . " We ’re going to start seeing that on Monday with some    TV ads hitting the air waves , " Phillip said . " They are going to really blast the airwaves Abby Phillip of The Washington Post the next several months going to Election Day . " 4 . Mike Pence offers up his services     but will there be takers ? Mike Pence wants Mike Pence help Republican candidates in key Senate races . Mike Pence does n’t appear to be a fight to get to the front of the line . Ashley Parker of The New York Times reports that Pence is eager to do what he can to help the Republican Party Mike Pence its Senate majority and believes Ashley Parker of The New York Times can assist even in races where the the Republican Party Senate has decided the Ashley Parker of The New York Times course is to keep some distance from Trump . " In recent weeks , Governor Mike Pence has been quietly talking to Senate Republicans about hitting the campaign trail , " Parker said . " Senate you ’ll notice he actually has n’t really held any major events , which raises the Governor Mike Pence : Does Mike Pence bring sort of too much downside , which is basically the Governor Mike Pence Trump , and not enough celebrity upside ? So that ’s something I Trump going to be watching for     to see if he actually appears with the candidates to campaign . " 5 . GOP has Governor Mike Pence room for error in Senate fight , That fight for control of the Senate is intense     and Republicans have little or no room for error Senate Senate final two months . Democrats need a net gain of four seats if Hillary Clinton wins the presidency , with a Vice President Tim Kaine breaking    tie votes . A net gain of five would give the Democrats 51 , and outright majority . At the Labor Day mark , top Republicans involved in Senate strategy view three GOP held seats as likely lost causes : Illinois , Wisconsin and Indiana . They feel confident about three other    seats that at times were mentioned as possible likely lost causes: Illinois, Wisconsin and Indiana : Florida , Arizona and Ohio . Assuming those calculations are correct , that would leave little room for error in three highly competitive Senate races that also happen to be in major presidential battlegrounds : Pennsylvania , New Hampshire and North Carolina . If Republicans could somehow win two of those three , control could come down to the Nevada seat from which Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid is retiring     where Republicans see a pickup opportunity . 
 