DETROIT   —    The record pace of auto sales in the United States is slowing down , leaving investors increasingly bearish on auto stocks . But there is one exception . Tesla , the    upstart , continues to surge . On Monday , Tesla surpassed Ford Motor in market value for the first time and moved within striking distance of General Motors , starkly illustrating the growing gap in investors’ optimism over investors’ future versus the prospects for the traditional carmakers from Detroit . While G. M. and Ford may have strong profits and healthy balance sheets , Tesla offers something Wall Street loves much more : the potential for dramatic growth . " Investors want something that is going to go up in orders of magnitude in six months to six years , and Tesla is that story , " said Karl Brauer , a senior editor at Kelley Blue Book . " Nobody thinks Ford or G. M. is going to do that . " Tesla chief executive , Elon Musk , has shattered the conventional wisdom that automakers should be viewed as a stable , reliable investment . Instead , he Tesla’s chief executive, Elon Musk his Tesla’s chief executive, Elon Musk company as a dynamic vehicle for growth , despite the risks and challenges ahead of it . In his Tesla’s chief executive, Elon Musk , Tesla Tesla going to change the world , and is primed to cash in on the two transformative trends in the industry : the shift to electric vehicles as part of a broader societal move to cleaner energy , and the advent of automated driving . " Tesla Tesla very vocal in talking about how they are positioned as we move from humans driving cars powered by gasoline to computers driving cars powered by batteries , " Mr. Brauer said . At the end of Monday ’s trading , Tesla Tesla a market capitalization of $ 48 . 7 billion compared with Ford ’s $ 45 . 6 billion , according to Bloomberg . General Motors was at $ 51 . 2 billion . Tesla Tesla milestone came at the intersection of two countervailing trends . On Sunday , Tesla said Tesla    Tesla up 69 percent from the same period a year ago . On Monday , monthly sales figures for the conventional automakers showed them struggling to monthly sales figures for the conventional automakers last March ’s performance . That sent stocks in the Detroit automakers the conventional automakers day   —    G. M. was off 3 . 4 percent and Ford 1 . 7 percent   —    while Tesla ’s stock soared by more than 7 percent . Despite the recent boom years for the American motor industry , in which G. M. and Ford have been the biggest beneficiaries , executives are working overtime just to convince Wall Street that their business model can produce executives improvements . Mr. Brauer said that reception was unfortunate for G. M. and Ford because " the reality is , they ’re as financially healthy executives they ’ve ever been , executives they ’re in very good executives for the future . " Both companies have rebounded steadily since the recession , although G. M. needed a bankruptcy filing and $ 49 billion government bailout to recover . And both have taken advantage of the    consumer demand for new vehicles in recent years , especially for pickup trucks and sport utility vehicles . But neither automaker has convinced Wall Street that it has shed its     Wall Street tied to Wall Street economic cycles , or is at the forefront of new technology being developed for    vehicles and electric cars . The Detroit automakers are hardly sitting still in their efforts to improve current The Detroit automakers and future prospects . G. M. made the momentous decision recently to sell its    European division , and Ford is adding jobs to accelerate its shift toward electric and Ford vehicles . Both automakers have bought technology The Detroit automakers bolster their    engineering expertise , and The Detroit automakers executives have embraced the chance The Detroit automakers work with the Trump administration on scaling back government regulations . All the same , both companies are ranked near the The Detroit automakers     ratios for the companies that make up the Standard   Poor ’s 500 index . Last week , one of G. M. ’s large investors , the hedge fund Greenlight Capital , proposed the creation of two classes of stock   —    one that strictly pays dividends , and a second tied directly to earnings and future growth in areas like    cars and    services . G. M. directors flatly rejected the idea as too risky , and the chief executive , Mary Barra , said there was no need to deviate from " executing a plan that is delivering record financial and operation results . " Yet while industry analysts generally supported the decision , G. M. ’s share price barely budged on the news that it was staying the course . And G. M.’s share price ’s data , showing total industry sales off 1 . 6 percent , underscored that overall demand for new vehicles is slipping despite a bevy of discounts and incentives . G. M. showed a slight gain from G. M.’s March , while Ford sales fell sharply . Several other automakers , such as Toyota , Fiat Chrysler and Hyundai , also reported declines . Of course , based on the number of cars actually being made , they are in a different league from Tesla Several other automakers, such as Toyota, Fiat Chrysler and Hyundai G. M. sold 256 , 000 vehicles in G. M.’s States last month , and Ford 234 , 000 . Tesla ’s sales for Ford same period : 4 Tesla 000 . But it was the growth and the outlook , not the raw numbers , that moved the markets . Investors tend to look at Tesla as a technology    rather than an automaker Tesla " It ’s almost like Tesla is positioned in people ’s minds as an Tesla storage company that happens to put most of its batteries on wheels , " said Andrew Stewart Tesla chief investment officer at Exchange Capital Management , an investment firm in Ann Arbor , Mich. Tesla is also prone to more volatile stock Tesla Tesla Musk and other board members and top executives own a large chunk of shares , leaving a relative few that change hands frequently , he said . " Whenever there ’s interesting news , Andrew Stewart, chief investment officer at Exchange Capital Management, an investment firm in Ann Arbor people trying to buy are buying from a limited number of people who are willing to sell , " Mr. Stewart said . " While you have Ford and Andrew Stewart, chief investment officer at Exchange Capital Management, an investment firm in Ann Arbor and they ’re these      industrial companies . " Because of Tesla Ford and G. M. acclaim and the limited number of shares being traded , the company draws more individual investors , and its share price Tesla spike whenever Tesla or Mr. Musk makes Tesla . This week ’s jump in Tesla stock price was set off by a brief news release on This week that said Tesla had delivered more than 25 , 000 cars in the first Tesla , exceeding analysts’ estimates . While Tesla may enjoy the favor of investors , it still faces some Tesla hurdles to reach its goals . This Tesla , the company is supposed to start Tesla the Model 3 , a Tesla model that Tesla plans to sell for $ 35 , 000 and produce in significantly Tesla volumes . It currently offers two vehicles , the Model S luxury sedan and the Tesla X S. U. V. both of which sell for $ 90 , 000 or more when options are added in . ( People who buy its cars benefit from a $ 7 , 500 federal tax credit on environmentally friendly cars , a selling point with an uncertain future . ) Once Tesla begins producing the Model 3 , Mr. Musk expects production to ramp Tesla quickly , with a goal of making 500 , 000 cars a year by 2018 . Achieving that target will not be easy , Mr. Brauer said . " That ’s five times growth in volume , " he said . " I do n’t know of any car company that Mr. Brauer ever done that in a    period . " 
 