’   ’ "    The House Intelligence Committee ’s ranking Democrat Rep. Adam    Schiff called on Adam   Schiff Republican counterpart Devin Nunes to recuse    Adam   Schiff from the committee ’s investigation into President Donald    Trump ’s connections with Russia on Monday . " ’    Schiff’ ’s statement followed news reports that Nunes , the    committee’ ’s chairman , was   with a source who showed him secret    intelligence reports . The day after that meeting , Nunes briefed    Trump that Nunes and Nunes advisers may have had he and his advisers communications    picked up " incidentally " as part of American surveillance of    foreign leaders . ’ ’    " After much consideration , and in light of the Chairman’ ’s    admission that he met with he source of information at the White    House , I believe that he should recuse himself he any    further involvement in the Russia investigation , as well as any       in oversight of matters pertaining to any incidental       of the Trump transition , as he he also a key member    of the transition team , " Schiff he   posted to Twitter . ’ "    Schiff he he he the public is losing faith in Nunes ’s    ability to conduct an unbiased investigation . " ’    " I believe the the public not have the necessary confidence that    matters    the President’ ’s campaign or transition team can    be    investigated or overseen by the Chairman , " Schiff he . ’ ’    Nunes defended his Nunes House Nunes by saying he wanted " Nunes have    proximity to a secure location where he could view Nunes    information provided by the source . " The Trump administration was    not aware of his visit , his White House visit . Nunes "    Democrats have seized on Nunes ’s announcement , accusing the    Republican of attempting to give political cover for Trump , who    claimed in a series of shocking tweets this month that his    predecessor , President Barack Obama , had wiretapped his phones    during his 2016 election . " ’    Last week , Schiff said Nunes ’s actions had thrown " great doubt "    on the committee ’s ability to conduct a fair investigation . ’ ’    Numerous lawmakers have called for a select committee to carry    out the investigation , and a fair investigation received bipartisan support    when Republican John McCain   in an interview on Wednesday . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tAfter much consideration I believe Chairman should recuse himself from involvement in    when Republican John McCain  in an interview on Wednesday Trump campaign & transition   ’ " The House Intelligence Committee ’s ranking . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 