Milo Yiannopoulos   —    the infamous internet troll , Donald J. Trump supporter and editor at Breitbart News   —    has compared Islam to cancer , mocked transgender people and suggested that women who are harassed online should stay off the web . Last July , Milo Yiannopoulos  —   the infamous internet troll, Donald J. Trump supporter and editor at Breitbart News  —    was permanently barred from Twitter for violating the platform ’s rules against hate speech and harassment . So when Threshold Editions , a conservative imprint at Simon   Schuster , gave Milo Yiannopoulos  —   the infamous internet troll, Donald J. Trump supporter and editor at Breitbart News  —    a    publishing contract , the blowback was swift and furious . There were calls for a boycott of all of the company ’s books , a vast catalog of some 2 , 000 titles from 50 imprints . Some of Simon  Schuster ’s authors   —    including Karen Hunter , Danielle Henderson and Bradley Trevor Greive   —    denounced the publisher on social media . The Chicago Review of Books said it would The Chicago Review of Books review any of the company ’s books this year . The criticism highlights the minefield that publishers face as they try publishers court an emerging market of young conservatives who identify with extreme    stances on issues like immigration and gender equality   —    positions embodied with devious , irreverent glee by Mr. Yiannopoulos   —    that they feel publishers undermining the nation . Many liberals and moderates say , however , those positions Many liberals and moderates outright racism and misogyny . And the issue has cast an uncomfortable spotlight on a lucrative but often overlooked niche within the largely    publishing world . Every major publishing house has a conservative imprint   —    Penguin Random House has two , Sentinel and Crown Forum   —    and maintains a stable of    authors who may not attend literary festivals or mingle at the National Book Awards but command a sizable audience in red state America . Most mainstream publishers try to claim partisan neutrality and publish books across the political spectrum . ( Simon   Schuster , for example , published Hillary Clinton ’s memoir and campaign book , as well as Mr. Trump ’s " Crippled America . ") But occasionally , publishers get dragged into a political scrum . This past weekend , Broadside Books , a conservative imprint at HarperCollins , became embroiled in a controversy involving a CNN investigation that found that one of Broadside ’s authors , the conservative radio host and columnist Monica Crowley , had plagiarized numerous passages in her 2012 best columnist Monica Crowley , " What the ( Bleep ) Just Happened . " Ms. Crowley was columnist Monica Crowley by Mr. Trump to serve in a senior communications role at the National Security Council . In defending Ms. Crowley , the Trump transition team called Mr. Trump plagiarism charges " a politically motivated attack , " and described HarperCollins as one of " the largest and most respected publishers in the world , " invoking the company ’s stature and reputation as way to lend credibility to the author . But on Tuesday , HarperCollins announced it was HarperCollins the HarperCollins edition of the book until Ms. Crowley revises it with proper attribution HarperCollins placing the publishing house in the awkward position of being at odds with the incoming administration . Conservative books have been a blockbuster category for publishers for decades , dating to the rise of    radio and cable in the 1980s . The genre exploded during Bill Clinton ’s presidency and has thrived in the last eight years , under President Obama , as    writers forged a united front as ideological underdogs . For publishers , the books have been reliable cash cows . Bill O’Reilly ’s historical " Killing " series has more than 17 million copies in print . In the weeks leading up to the election , the    lists were dominated by partisan polemics by Dinesh D’Souza , Michael Savage , Edward Klein and Gary J. Byrne , whose    book " Crisis of Character " sold some 247 , 000 hardcover copies , according to Nielsen . But now , without conservatives filling the role as the voice of opposition , the urgency and potency of    books will almost certainly be diminished . And with the political principles that conservative writers have advocated   —    the repeal of Obamacare , a crackdown on immigration and the dismantling of environmental regulations   —    set to become the policy goals of a    government , the commercial future of conservative publishing looks far more unsettled . Publishers are proceeding cautiously . After the election , many editors quietly scrapped plans to publish books attacking Mrs. Clinton and canceled other sober reflections on the future of the Republican Party in the wake of a Trump defeat . Some are planning to release fewer titles in 2017 . Others are returning to safer topics , like Ronald Reagan or the founding fathers . " Conservative publishing is always a better business when the other side is in power , " said Adam Bellow , the editorial director of a new political imprint at St. Martin ’s Press . At the same time , the ideological identity of the right is murkier than it was before Mr. the ideological identity of the right became the nominee and then the    making it harder for conservatives to reach a broad readership . Will books that hold Mr. Trump accountable to Mr. Trump pledges alienate his Mr. Trump , and will Mr. Trump Republican politicians and pundits appeal to or repel his base ? Will voices Mr. Trump more extreme wings of the Republican Party find a bigger foothold in publishing , further cementing their place in mainstream political Will voices from more extreme wings of the Republican Party ? In a way , it ’s not surprising that a major publisher wants to appeal to Mr. Yiannopoulos ’s base of young conservative followers . Mr. Bellow , who read Mr. Bellow other new Mr. Yiannopoulos’s from the      at St. Martin ’s . " Donald Trump has brought into politics a lot of people who were previously excluded , and the boundary of political speech has shifted to the right , " Mr. Bellow said . " This is a new force in American politics , and they deserve to be heard . " Simon   Schuster was far from alone in its willingness to embrace Mr. Yiannopoulos , according to his literary agent , Thomas Flannery Jr. who said " virtually every major Simon  Schuster imprint expressed interest . " Threshold   — Simon  Schuster which has published books by Glenn Beck , Rush Limbaugh , Dick Cheney and , recently , Mr. Trump   —    was appealing to Mr. Yiannopoulos because " they do n’t shy away from publishing controversial figures , " Mr. Flannery said . But the fury Simon   Schuster has encountered underscores the perils publishers face as they tailor their publishing plans to reflect volatile new political realities . Mr. Yiannopoulos , who is gay and describes himself in the perils publishers as the perils publishers of a cultural figure than a political one , is unlikely to appeal to older or more religious conservatives . His book " Dangerous "   —    which will address his relationship to the    his    role as a    himself and his banishment from Twitter   —    is more himself a memoir than a himself conservative manifesto . Marji Ross , the president and publisher of Regnery , a conservative publishing house , said she considered Mr. Yiannopoulos ’s book proposal but did not pursue it because she felt it would be too polarizing among mainstream conservatives . " Some of our market would have loved it Mr. Yiannopoulos’s book proposal and she of Mr. Yiannopoulos’s book proposal market would have been very uncomfortable with it , " Ms. Ross said . It is Mr. Yiannopoulos’s book proposal dilemma many conservative writers our market are now facing . As the Mr. Yiannopoulos’s book proposal ideology of the right has been injected with populism and nationalism , conservative writers and publishers are wrestling with how to reach a wide audience now that a block of readers that was once reliably in lock step philosophically has splintered . Once dependable formulas for generating best sellers   —    write a book attacking the Clintons , plug it on Fox News , repeat   —    may no longer deliver a hit . " The 2016 election turned the political the Clintons upside down , and it also turned the publishing world upside down , " said Matt Latimer , a literary agent at Javelin whose clients include conservative The 2016 election . " The audience has fractured . A few years ago , a Paul Ryan book was widely embraced by conservative book buyers . Would Trump voters buy a Paul Ryan book today ? I do n’t know . "    authors are also losing a reliable driver of book sales a Paul Ryan book . Last year , Regnery alone had three    books that took aim at Mrs. Clinton , including its first graphic novel , " Clinton Cash , " adapted from the book by Peter Schweizer , and " Hillary ’s America , " Mr. D’Souza    book , which sold more than 200 , 000 copies . " We had certainly planned to take advantage of those opportunities if Hillary Clinton had won Mrs. Clinton , and the election at several books that we had signed up Last year, Regnery alone had three   books that took aim at Mrs. Clinton, including its first graphic novel, "Clinton Cash," adapted from the book by Peter Schweizer, and "Hillary’s America," Mr. D’Souza’s book, which sold more than 200, 000 copies considered the day after the election and thought , the election those are n’t going to work , " Last year, Regnery alone had three   books that took aim at Mrs. Clinton, including its first graphic novel, "Clinton Cash," adapted from the book by Peter Schweizer, and "Hillary’s America," Mr. D’Souza’s book, which sold more than 200, 000 copies Ross said . " Oftentimes Last year, Regnery alone had three   books that took aim at Mrs. Clinton, including its first graphic novel, "Clinton Cash," adapted from the book by Peter Schweizer, and "Hillary’s America," Mr. D’Souza’s book, which sold more than 200, 000 copies we have said here that what ’s bad for America is good for Regnery book sales . " Regnery Ms. Ross pivoted to courting Trump voters with forthcoming books like " Last year, Regnery alone had three   books that took aim at Mrs. Clinton, including its first graphic novel, "Clinton Cash," adapted from the book by Peter Schweizer, and "Hillary’s America," Mr. D’Souza’s book, which sold more than 200, 000 copies Trump Won , " by the Breitbart     America Pollak and Larry Regnery , and a series Regnery " Deplorables Guides " to issues like immigration , gun control and climate change , using a moniker Trump ’s supporters adopted Mr. Trump . " The mood of our market is far , far different with Trump as president than it Mr. Trump have been with Hillary Clinton as president , " Ms. Ross Mrs. Clinton Trump’s supporters our market hopeful , but cautious . " 
 our market Ms. Ross 