Detroit ( CNN ) Donald Trump sought to get Donald Trump stumbling campaign back on track Monday , unveiling a tax reform plan aligned with House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s policy agenda . Donald Trump ’s new proposal would reduce tax rates for most Americans and simplify the tax code , but the new rates Donald Trump proposed mark an increase from those he proposed last year as he campaigned for the Republican nomination and touted he tax reform plan as offering the lowest income tax rates of any of he GOP opponents . Donald Trump ’s new proposal would more than halve the number of income tax brackets and bring rates down to 12 % 25 % and 33 % . Donald Trump proposed drastically reducing federal income tax rates to 10 % 20 % and 25 %     a proposal that nonpartisan groups assessed would add trillions of dollars to the national debt . Americans in the top income bracket are currently taxed at 39 . 6 % . Donald Trump also vowed again Monday that the poorest Americans will have a zero tax rate , which Donald Trump included in Donald Trump initial proposal . What ’s missing from the 2016 race : Inspiration , The Republican nominee , who was interrupted by protestors 14 times , unveiled Donald Trump economic plan     which included proposals beyond just tax reforms     a week after Donald Trump feuded with Ryan . The real estate mogul initially refused to endorse the speaker , who faces a primary Tuesday . But Trump ultimately backed Ryan on Friday after a tumultuous week of    fighting . Speaking at the Detroit Economic Club , Trump laid out proposals to achieve an American " economic renewal , " including a moratorium on government regulations , a proposal to make childcare expenses fully tax deductible , and other proposals Trump campaign argued will benefit the middle class . " It ’s a conversation about how to make America great again for everyone and , especially , and I say especially , for those who have the very least , " Trump said . Trump ’s speech , in which Trump offered detailed policy proposals rarely heard in Trump typical stump speech , came as the Republican faces steeply declining poll numbers following two bad weeks on the campaign trail during which Trump repeatedly stoked controversies that distracted from Trump core campaign message . But Trump , reading from teleprompters , was    on promoting Trump economic agenda and contrasting Trump plans with Hillary Clinton ’s . The Democratic nominee is also set to lay out The Democratic nominee own economic proposals in Detroit in a major address on Thursday . Trump pointed to Detroit , a city lately besieged by economic turmoil and run for decades by successive Democratic mayors , as the " living , breathing example of my opponent ’s failed economic agenda . " Trump called Trump ’s economic collapse an example of politicians abandoning " America first " policies in favor of a globalist agenda . " If you are a foreign power looking to weaken America America you could n’t do better than Hillary Clinton ’s economic agenda , " Trump Trump . But Trump Trump beyond    laying out in detail a number of proposals he Trump seek to enact as president that would reduce the regulatory influence of the federal government , particularly on fossil fuel industries . He Trump again vowed to lower the business tax rate for corporations and small businesses alike to 15 %     down from the current top rate of 39 % .   " We will make America grow again , " Trump Trump . On Tuesday , Trump Trump on " Fox and Friends " that he Trump also consider a payroll tax holiday to help the middle class . In response to a viewer question , Trump Trump he Trump thinking about the concept . Trump Trump said he Trump look to restart the Keystone XL pipeline project , and withdraw the U. S. from the Paris climate agreement , withdraw the the U. S. the    Partnership and renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement , which was enacted by President Bill Clinton . Ryan ’s campaign spokesman Zack Roday praised Trump Trump , saying it " has many Trump’s proposal to the    plan at the heart of House Republican ’s Better Way agenda . " " A Better Way , " is a plan Ryan introduced in June Ryan speaker that lists changes to six policy areas , including tax reform . Hillary Clinton offered a direct rebuttal to Trump ’s remarks during a rally in St. Petersburg , Florida , later in the day . " He wants to basically Hillary Clinton    trickle down economics . Now , you know that old saying , ’Fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me?’ " Clinton said . " Hillary Clinton down economics does not help our economy grow . It does not help the vast majority of Americans . " Stressing the importance of the fall election , Clinton urged the crowd Hillary Clinton " Do n’t let a friend vote Trump . " At a    beer brewery earlier in the day , Clinton accused Trump for Hillary Clinton in Trump business practice of refusing to pay workers for their services . Clinton workers she has Hillary Clinton countless Hillary Clinton who were " stiffed " by Trump and told : Trump Just sue us , " and drew on her personal experience of Hillary Clinton watched her own father run Hillary Clinton small print plan as a child .   " He worked really hard her own father made a good living for my mother , my brothers and me , " Clinton said about her Hillary Clinton at 3 her own father , surrounded by thousands of stacked beer cans and large silver brew houses . " That ’s why I just ca n’t imagine     he ’d worked so hard her own father if he had delivered the finished her own father to the people who had ordered them , that they would the finished goods we ’re the finished goods going to the finished goods you . And that ’s what Trump has done time and time again . " Clinton has been pulling away from Trump in recent polling , Trump his disastrous battle with the Clinton Star parents of slain Iraq War veteran Capt . Humayun Khan . The latest CNN Poll of Polls shows Clinton beating Trump 49 % Clinton nationwide Trump   But a CNN poll in June and a more recent Fox News survey found that voters trust Trump more than Clinton on Trump economy . Clinton running mate Tim Kaine Clinton Monday , " Donald Trump is only in it for himself     just look at Donald Trump economic plan . " Donald Trump 