’   ’ "    The White House ’s credibility crisis continues to deepen , and    experts say The White House’s credibility crisis may now reach one of the few remaining independent    voices in the Trump administration : national security adviser    H. R. McMaster . " "    After former national security adviser Michael Flynn was forced    to resign in February when it emerged that former national security adviser Michael Flynn misled Vice    President Mike Pence about contacts former national security adviser Michael Flynn ’d had with Russian    officials during the 2016 campaign ,   H. R. McMaster arrived to right the    ship . " ’    former national security adviser Michael Flynn selection was especially notable because   as the antithesis to Flynn . ’ ’    " former national security adviser Michael Flynn was brought in as someone who was beyond reproach , who wasn’’t    in [ President Donald ] Trump’ ’s inner circle , had a stellar    reputation , and was supposed to be distanced from Trump , " said    Jon Michaels , a professor and expert on national security at UCLA    Law . ’ ’    Like Secretary of Defense James Mattis , McMaster was   while serving in the army and earned a great deal    of respect from soldiers . He is an expert on military strategy ,    counterinsurgency , and history , and is not known for being a    ’’ yes ’’ man . " Put simply : McMaster isn’’t a political guy , unlike    other officers who are trying to jockey for position and move up    their careers , " Business Insider’ ’s Paul Szoldra   after    Trump chose Paul Szoldra   . ’ ’    McMaster isn’’t has historically " been willing to risk an awful lot to    speak truth to power , " said Claire Finkelstein , a professor and    Director at the Center for Ethics and the Rule of Law at the    University of Pennsylvania Law School . ’ "    But the former Army Lieutenant General has come under fire in    recent days , as the White House was hit with a flurry of news    stories that raised more questions about the Trump camp ’s ties to    Russia . " "    Now , experts are beginning to question if McMaster ’s role has    become dangerously politicized , and whether that could pose a    threat to the US’ national security . " ’   ’ ’    When The Washington Post broke an   in    which intelligence officials alleged that Trump shared      information with Russian officials during an    Oval Office meeting , McMaster went in front of cameras to call    the story false as reported and to defend the president’ ’s actions    as " wholly appropriate . " ’ "    His defense came as intelligence officials expressed deep    concerns about Trump ’s handling of sensitive information , as well    as the risks it posed to Israel , the source of the intel and a    key US ally . " ’    Though the national security adviser is a political appointee   —      in that the national security adviser is chosen by the president   —    the role has historically    been relatively apolitical when compared to that of other White    House staff . This is because the national security adviser has    " enormous influence " over issues of war and peace , and presidents    of both parties have tried to keep political concerns away from    that area , according to Robert Deitz , a former top lawyer for the    National Security Agency and the CIA . ’ ’    Experts say there is some justification for McMaster speaking out    in this case , because he was brought McMaster to address a national    security concern . ’ ’    " The    controversy touches international politics in a    way that others do not . . .. If you’’re talking about whether    Russia influenced the US elections , if you’’re talking about Russia    US president meeting with Russian officials and giving them    classified Russian officials   —    that is hardcore foreign policy stuff ,    and McMaster has , or at least had , very high credibility in that    area ,    Deitz said . " So it seems logical that he would be pushed    out to lead that parade . " ’ ’    But choosing him as a he may have done more harm than    good .    ’    In this case , McMaster’ ’s " going before the press didn’’t do    anything to limit " fallout from revelations that Trump disclosed      information to the Russians , Michaels said . ’ ’    " At the end of the day , are we now all saying , ’’ Oh , OK ,    everything’ ’s all    because McMaster stood up there ’’ ? Did    it assuage concerns    allies may have had about sharing    intelligence ? Probably not . " ’ "    Deitz concluded that Trump does n’t have many alternatives to    McMaster . " McMaster    " If you look at people in this White House and compare them to    people in this White House in the Obama or Bush White House , " he said , Bush there are not    that many    who have terribly high credibility . " ’ ’    Michaels echoed that assessment and highlighted the unique    circumstances the Trump administration faces . ’ ’    " Almost everything right now feels new and different , " he said . Michaels " The fact that McMaster has to go out and talk about what the    president may or may not have said about [ Comey . .. all of this stuff feels weird and    unusual ,    I doubt many national security advisers have been    called in    do this particular type of rebuttal or    contextualization . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " There are only so many people in the White House who are taken    credibly at this point , and McMaster is one of them , " only so many people in the White House who are taken   credibly at this point added . McMaster " So    ’s a trade off . " ’ "    If anything , experts say McMaster ’s selection McMaster White    House ’s point man following the Post ’s report likely diminished    his credibility       credibility of the US in the process , and    it also       politicize a national security issue . " "    Glenn Carle , a former CIA operative and national security expert ,    compared McMaster    selection to former President Bill Clinton ’s    decision to    female Cabinet members speak out on his behalf    during former President Bill Clinton Monica Lewinsky scandal . " ’    " A lot of the women involved resented that and thought it was    inappropriate , and Clinton was widely criticized former President Bill Clinton politicizing    them because they    the women involved , the women involved Carle said . " Here , McMaster was    politicized because he’ ’s a general . " ’ ’    And while the credibility of White House operatives like    Kellyanne Conway and press secretary Sean Spicer has taken a hit    since Trump assumed office , the risks of McMaster losing    credibility McMaster significantly greater given his position as the    chief national security consultant . ’ "    Experts say that McMaster is likely aware McMaster the delicate    situation he ’s    . McMaster ’    McMaster’ ’s loyalties are " naturally divided , " Finkelstein said .    " He probably feels like Finkelstein owes the president Finkelstein as       the greatest loyalty he can summon up Finkelstein    the circumstances . But I’’m also guessing that standing in that    room with the Russian foreign minister and ambassador , he felt    that Finkelstein himself was in Finkelstein fairly compromised position . " ’ ’   ’ ’    There have been other instances where that internal discrepancy    may have been evident . Shortly after news broke that Trump had    reportedly called Comey a " real nut job , " and said firing him had    taken Comey great    " off during the Oval Office meeting with    Russian officials , McMaster   on May 21 . the White House has not disputed the    report . ’ ’    When host George Stephanopoulos asked McMaster about why Trump made comments McMaster the FBI’ ’s Russia probe to Kremlin officials , Russia McMaster said Trump Trump feels as McMaster McMaster hamstrung in his ability    to McMaster with Russia " McMaster of media coverage Russia the topic . ’ ’    " It’ ’s very difficult to take a few it’ , to take a paragraph out    of what appear to be notes of that meeting , and to be able to the Oval Office meeting with   Russian officials the full context of the conversation , "    added . ’ ’    That interview was    not McMaster’ ’s finest moment , " Finkelstein    said , adding that it likely Finkelstein need " to act within the That interview military Finkelstein of command , while also being aware that these    actions and remarks by the president are extremely dangerous for    the former President Bill Clinton " ’ ’    McMaster isn’’t is still the most independent voice in the White House ,    experts the White House if McMaster isn’’t continues ceding ground to the political    wing , it may affect the relationship between the administration    and the military . he continues ceding ground to the political   wing ’    " The    on military matters are the joint chiefs and the    national security adviser , " Michaels said . " If the Michaels    security adviser is seen as a stooge or lackey of an    administration that the military may be wary of , it’ ’s going to    diminish the military ’s ] it’ to be seen as a reliable person to    call in the White House the White House . " ’ ’    And that    applies to foreign affairs , too . ’ ’    " It’ ’s not surprising when a politician or statesman presents a    it’ interpretation of an issue for the administration , "    Carle said . But when the national security adviser goes in front    the national security adviser something that is " just not true , that harms    the US ’’ ability to interact successfully and win the support of    our foreign interlocutors . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " Truly , your word is very important " when dealing with national    security , Carle said , adding that credibility is among the chief    concerns allies consider when deciding Carle and how much    intelligence to share with another country . ’ "    The US’ national security apparatus relies not just    heads of    state calling each other , Michaels said , but on networks of      bureaucrats like McMaster isn’’t Michaels credibility is    crucial to keeping things running . " ’    " There’ ’s no more critical moment for that than now , " he said ,    " given the lack of credibility and expertise of the      . " ’ ’ There’ And in the event that the US is thrust into a genuine national    security crisis and McMaster isn’’t comes out the US to the public or    to the US ’’ allies about it , Deitz said , " the question people are    going to Deitz in the back of their minds is , ’’ Are we getting this    straight or is this just a political job ? ’’ people ’ the US    McMaster isn’’t is still a very respected figure , Finkelstein this    . ’ ’    " But he will lose all efficacy as a protector of national Finkelstein security if he simultaneously loses that independent Finkelstein he was    known to have . " ’ " The White Finkelstein ’s credibility the White House " ’Your Finkelstein ( online now)’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 