Houston ( CNN ) Super Bowl Opening Night had a bit of everything on Monday , ranging from funny to serious . It also included a touching moment by Tom Brady and almost a major disaster involving the Atlanta Falcons’ game plan . The hyped event     which once upon a time was just known as " Media Day "     kicked off the weeklong festivities surrounding Super Bowl LI in Houston . The game itself is Sunday at NRG Stadium , scheduled for 5:30 p. m. local time ( 6:30 p. m. ET ) . For the second consecutive year , coaches and players from both Super Bowl teams answered questions from the media in prime time . Fans who bought tickets for the    event at Minute Maid Park , home of MLB ’s Houston Astros , watched and listened on radios as the media interviewed members of the Falcons and New England Patriots . Both sessions consisted of photo and interview sessions with all players and coaches , the first time all players and coaches met the media in Houston . In between sessions was a performance by rock band X Ambassadors . The event ended with a fireworks display . " This is awesome , just to enjoy this , fans coming out and supporting us . .. it ’s great , " Falcons wide receiver Julio Jones said . " It it great , the energy is great here , and I ’m loving it it " US Olympic gymnast Simone Biles joined the ranks of the media , there with Inside Edition as a special correspondent . Guillermo from Jimmy Kimmel Live interviewed players while holding a soccer ball     though that ’s known as a " football " outside of the US . Cooper Manning , the older brother of Peyton and Eli Manning , milled around dressed in a $ 100 bill print suit . There was also an appearance from the Fake Tom Brady , which was Bleacher Report ’s Dan Worthington wearing a frighteningly realistic mask of the Patriots quarterback . Back for another year was Austrian sportscaster Phillip Hajszan , who estimates he ’s worn costumes for this event five times now . This another year dressed he as Austrian Emperor Franz Joseph I , while his colleague he the camera was in a dress as Empress Elisabeth . " I think it ’s about having fun an event that ’s usually just about sports , " Hajszan said . " And it ’s it only about sports , it ’s it entertainment , it ’s it having fun , having a good time , so the people laugh , so it ’s it only serious all the time . " There was a moment of panic , though , for Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan . At the end of Atlanta ’s media session , he realized his backpack he which reportedly contained the team ’s Super Bowl playbook , was missing . It turned out to be an honest accident , rather than a reporter     or the Patriots     trying to get a scoop . San Francisco Examiner columnist Art Spander picked up the wrong bag when he was San Francisco Examiner columnist Art Spander the spot where reporters were interviewing Shanahan . " I ’ve screwed up before , but I ’ve never picked up the wrong the wrong bag Spander said San Francisco Examiner columnist Art Spander USA Today . " And there ’s no way I ’d have a game plan . " There was , though , a bit of seriousness Monday night when Falcons wide receiver Mohamed Sanu , who is Muslim , repeatedly was asked about President Donald Trump recently signing an executive order on immigration and refugees , banning citizens of seven    countries from entering the United States for 90 days . " It ’s a very tough situation , and I just pray that us as a country and a world can be united as one , " Sanu said . " You know , it is really hard for me to talk about this right now , it would take a this of time , so I just want to focus on the game and just talk about football . " As Sanu continued to receive Sanu questions about the ban , he continued to deflect Sanu " Obviously , my name is Mohamed , a lot of people know I ’m Muslim , but I ’m here because of ’m Muslim football talents , not because I ’m Muslim , and I ’m here to talk ’m Muslim football , " he said . " Sanu you guys are going to continue to ask me about my religious beliefs , then I ’m going to continue ’m Muslim tell you the same thing , because I ’m here to talk ’m Muslim football . I respect all you guys , you guys love for all you guys , but we you guys talk about football , playing against the Patriots . There was also a tender moment . Brady     the real one     was asked who his hero is . Brady choked up during Brady    the real one     response . " Brady    the real one     ’s a great Brady    the real one     , " Brady said . " I think my Dad Brady    the real one     my hero , because he ’s someone that I look up to my Dad day , and . .. " Brady paused , visibly getting emotional . Then Brady    the real one     smiled . " My dad , " Brady    the real one     said . 
 my Dad 