Donald Trump on Friday denied claims from fellow 2016 Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz that Donald Trump ’s friends at the National Enquirer and Donald Trump " political henchmen " are behind a story that the Texas senator engaged in several extramarital affairs . [ Donald Trump posted a statement on Friday responding to the fellow 2016 Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz accusation :   I have no idea whether or not the cover story about fellow 2016 Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz in this week ’s issue of the the National Enquirer true or not , but I had absolutely nothing to do with it , did not the cover story about Ted Cruz in this week’s issue of the National Enquirer know about it , and not the cover story about Ted Cruz in this week’s issue of the National Enquirer not , as yet , read it . Likewise not the cover story about Ted Cruz in this week’s issue of the National Enquirer I have nothing to do with the National Enquirer the National Enquirer Ted fellow 2016 Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz do not surround myself with fellow 2016 Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz hacks and henchman and then pretend total innocence . Ted Cruz fellow 2016 Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz with the National Enquirer is his and his the National Enquirer while they were Ted Cruz’s about Ted Cruz’s J. Simpson , John his and his alone , and many others , I certainly hope they are not right about Lyin’ Ted Cruz . O. J. Simpson, John Edwards, and many others forward to spending the week in Wisconsin , winning the Republican nomination and ultimately the Presidency in order to Make America Great Again .   —    Donald J. Trump , Cruz denied accusations of fellow 2016 Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz infidelity as " garbage " and accused Trump of enlisting " his friends at the National Enquirer Donald J. Trump his political henchmen Donald J. Trump do his bidding " in a Donald J. Trump issued Friday . Cruz Donald J. Trump inferred nefarious fellow 2016 Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz of the National Enquirer story in a Friday press conference . Trump the National Enquirer have been locked fellow 2016 Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz an exchange involving Donald J. Trump since Trump responded to an ad run by Trump opposing Super PAC Make America Donald J. Trump . The ad was aimed at Donald J. Trump mormon women according to PAC founder Liz Mair an ad run by Trump opposing Super PAC Make America Awesome a partially nude modeling shot of Melania Trump . Trump tweeted the day of the March 22 Utah caucus Donald J. Trump of running Donald J. Trump ad using the shot of his wife . Breitbart Utah reported on the exchange between an ad run by Trump opposing Super PAC Make America Awesome leading Republican Donald J. Trump contenders . Cruz noted Friday that the National Enquirer ran it ’s story the day after the Trump accusation Cruz which used an anonymous source and accused the National Enquirer of having five extramarital affairs . Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said of Cruz ’s accusation , Cruz There is zero truth to that , " according to Reuters . Cruz Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 