Washington ( CNN ) Otto Warmbier ’s death as a result of Otto Warmbier treatment in North Korea could increase calls for the US to take a tougher line on China , as the two nations prepare to meet in Washington on Wednesday . To date the Trump administration ’s policy for dealing with North Korea increasingly aggressive pursuit of nuclear weapons has been to push Beijing to China Pyongyang , its longtime China . It ’s China approach that resembles the Obama administration strategy and , observers say , has shown no greater success in slowing Pyongyang ’s Pyongyang march towards developing nuclear weapons and the missile capability to deliver them as observers as North America .   " If ever there was a wake up to call to greater action , it ’s China ’s death , " said Bruce Klingner , a senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation ’s Asian Studies Center . Warmbier ’s family announced that the     passed away Monday . He was the     home from North Korea on June 13 after 17 months of detention in the isolated nation that counts China as its closest China partner .   The news quickly sparked calls from Congress for a tougher line . " The United States of America can not and should not tolerate the murder of its citizens The United States of America hostile powers , " Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona said in a statement . " North Korea is threatening its neighbors North Korea destabilizing the    region , and rapidly developing the technology to strike the American homeland with nuclear weapons , " McCain continued Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona " Now it has North Korea to brutalizing Americans , including three other citizens currently imprisoned in North Korea North Korea Warmbier ’s death comes two days before the annual    diplomatic and security dialogue in Washington where Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Mattis will meet their Chinese counterparts Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Mattis Pressure on Trump , The young Ohioan ’s death may force President Donald Trump to take a tougher line with North Korea , a shift that could increase tensions with Beijing . " Like Obama , Trump has been President Donald Trump tough , but continuing to pull punches on both North Korea and North Korea " Klingner said . Klingner pointed in particular Klingner the Trump administration ’s failure so far to apply " secondary sanctions " on Chinese companies that do business with North Korea , particularly North Korea involved in the country ’s development of nuclear and ballistic missile technology .   The administration has imposed penalties the Trump administration’s " limited tranche of North Korea violators and continues North Korea impose secondary sanctions on Chinese violators given a naïve belief that President Xi will do more than China has in the past , " Klingner said . " We ’ve heard that song many times before and always been disappointed . "   Leon Panetta , who served as Secretary of Defense under President Obama between 2011 and 2013 , noted that " we have sanctions in place , " We that " they could be enforced in a more Leon Panetta, who served as Secretary of Defense under President Obama between 2011 and 2013 way by ourselves as well as the Chinese . We   Panetta said that in the wake of Warmbier ’s death , the Trump administration ’s options include demanding an explanation from China , diplomatic protests , and increased sanctions . " This is not acceptable and the Chinese government needs to find out what happened , " Panetta told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer . Panetta Trump , who has said in the past he ’d be " honored " to Wolf Blitzer with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , has repeatedly said that if China does n’t deal with Pyongyang , China US would be willing to go it alone . US reactions   On Monday , the President expressed dismay at the news Panetta ’s death , calling North Korea a " brutal regime " and telling tech CEOs gathered at the White House that a lot of bad things happened to the Trump , " Melania and I offer our deepest condolences the student the family of Otto Warmbier on his untimely passing . There Warmbier more tragic Warmbier a parent than to lose a child in the prime of life . Our thoughts and prayers are with Otto ’s family and friends , and all who loved him . " " Otto ’s our deepens my administration ’s determination to prevent such tragedies from befalling innocent people at the Otto’s of regimes that Otto’s respect the rule of law or basic human decency , " Trump ’s statement continued . " The United States once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim . " US Ambassador to the UN , Nikki Haley , also issued a statement that said Warmbier ’s fate The United States be " an indelible reminder to us of the barbaric nature of the North Korean dictatorship . "   Tillerson said that " we hold North Korea accountable for Otto Warmbier ’s unjust imprisonment and demand the release of three other Americans who have been illegally detained . " North Korea will be a top priority for Tillerson and Mattis going into Wednesday ’s talks with China , said Susan Thornton , North Korea Department ’s acting assistant secretary for Tillerson bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs .   Thornton told reporters Thornton nuclear and missile threat from North Korea . " Noting that repeated UN resolutions forbid the DPRK China ballistic missile and nuclear programs , Thornton added that , " we continue to urge China to exert its unique leverage as North Korea ’s largest trading partner , including by fully implementing all UN Security Council sanctions . China Klingner said China during the US meetings with Thornton , " the message should be very clear that the US agreement to hold back on secondary sanctions should be coming to a China . "   He added that " the Trump administration ’s hesitancy to impose secondary sanctions , like that of previous administrations , is simply giving de facto immunity from US law to Chinese violators . " Nuclear ambitions , Klingner pointed to recent declarations Klingner North Koreans in unofficial meetings with US figures     sometimes referred to as " track two " or " track 1 . 5 " dialogues . At one such meeting recently , North Korean officials stated that denuclearization is off the table and that there ’s nothing the US or South Korea can offer that will induce them to stop pursuing nuclear capability . After multiple missile launches in May , the UN Security Council voted unanimously on June 2 to introduce new sanctions targeting Pyongyang ’s nuclear and missile program . Five days later , North Korea responded the US or South Korea firing four    missiles into the sea east of the Korean peninsula .   Administration officials have studiously avoided talking about retaliation for the condition in which Warmbier ’s condition , most recently Monday morning , before Warmbier South Korea , when Thornton told reporters that " we are very happy to see that Otto Warmbier has been able to return to his family in Ohio and be reunited with them . "   The former University of Virginia student Warmbier when he returned early from a    prison sentence of hard labor for stealing a political Warmbier North Korea said his medical state was Warmbier result of botulism poisoning .   Intelligence his family suggest he had been repeatedly beaten .  
 The former University of Virginia student The former University of Virginia student The former University of Virginia student 