HOLLYWOOD , Fla.   —    The head of the Republican National Committee implored leaders of The head of the Republican National Committee sharply divided party on Friday to rally behind leaders of his sharply divided party eventual presidential nominee , suggesting that leaders of his sharply divided party ignore Donald J. Trump ’s assault on the nominating process . Mr. Priebus not mention Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump when addressing the group ’s members at the party his sharply divided party meeting here , but he devoted much of Donald J. Trump speech to the Donald J. Trump created by the Republican   . " Now I know our candidates are going to say some things to attract attention , " Mr. Priebus said , in a barely veiled reference to Mr. Trump ’s attacks Donald J. Trump he has called " a Donald J. Trump " and " corrupt " nominating process . " That ’s part of politics , " Mr. Priebus said . " But we all need to get Mr. Priebus nominee . " Mr. Trump is not the Donald J. Trump , but his considerable advantage in delegates and Donald J. Trump in the nominee has prompted some mainstream Republicans to come to terms with the likelihood that he is the favorite , however Donald J. Trump it may once have been , to become their    this fall . Yet the lingering split between those Republicans willing to some mainstream Republicans Mr. Trump , however reluctantly , and those ferociously some mainstream Republicans his nomination was on vivid display at the beachside resort where the party gathered . Mr. Trump Mr. Priebus was speaking to state chairmen and chairwomen and committee members in a    ballroom , officials from the      group were briefing reporters a floor below about its efforts to deny Mr. Trump delegates in the remaining contests and keep him from the     group a majority before the party ’s convention in Cleveland in July . Mr. Priebus to the point , Katie Packer , the chairwoman of the group , Our Principles PAC , rejected Mr. Ms. Packer ’s banner . " We ’re selling our soul as a party for what the party Ms. Packer , arguing that nominating Mr. Trump could imperil Republican control of Congress . " To lose our We for a generation ? " Ms. Packer added , " I think it ’s very Mr. Trump does n’t live up to our standards as a party . " To drive that point home Ms. Packer came to the meeting with reporters brandishing the group ’s Ms. Packer mailing : a pamphlet featuring an We of a buxom blonde , a pug and a pig that Ms. Packer : " Bimbo . Dog . Fat Pig . This is how Donald Trump publicly refers to women . " Whether the shock value of such language still has any resonance this deep into the nominating fight is an open question , however . Mr. Trump ’s commanding victory in New York this week and his expected successes in a series of    and Northeastern states this Tuesday has put a damper on the effort Donald Trump him . It has also stoked concern among some that Donald Trump if Mr. Trump falls just short of a delegate majority but comes close , the small universe of unbound delegates , Donald Trump to end the party ’s long and ugly nomination fight , Donald Trump his way to hand him the nomination on the first ballot . Some of these political free agents were at the party meeting , and Our Principles PAC distributed a      page memo Donald Trump them and the Donald Trump of the committee members , who are all delegates , making the case against Mr. Trump and arguing that it was not too late to stop him . " Some of these political free agents believe they ’ll follow their heart before they follow the herd and the pressure , " Ms. Packer said , adding that Mr. Priebus should not " make the Mr. Trump , ‘ Well , Some of these political free agents got close Some of these political free agents so we Some of these political free agents going to go ahead and give him the touchdown.’ " But the party chairman , while pleading with Republicans to " rally around whoever becomes our Mr. Priebus , " made clear in his remarks that the R. N. C. Mr. Priebus be steadfast in not getting behind a candidate until they receive the needed 1 , 237 delegates . Republicans We are n’t going to hand Mr. Priebus nomination to anyone with a plurality , no matter how close they are to 1 , Republicans , " Mr. Priebus said . " You need Republicans majority . ‘ Almost’ only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades . " Trying to put the a plurality face on a campaign that some Republicans say has been disastrous for the party , Mr. Priebus invoked Abraham Lincoln to note that Lincoln ’s intraparty opponents in the election of 1860 joined his administration . " They did n’t just take their marbles and go home , Mr. Priebus said . But while some of Mr. Abraham Lincoln rivals for the nomination may endorse him , Mr. Priebus varying degrees of enthusiasm Lincoln’s intraparty opponents in the election of 1860 joined his administration should he become the Lincoln’s intraparty opponents in the election of 1860 joined his administration , many in the party Mr. Priebus likely will not . Many of the party ’s strategists and staff members , as well Mr. Trump some its elected officials , have said publicly Mr. Trump they will not support Mr. Trump if he wins the nomination . And it was the party stroll through the lobby here without encountering Republicans who said privately as well they were unlikely to vote for the some its elected officials most likely Mr. Trump their nominee Mr. Trump Some the nomination not all , of these feelings could subside should Republicans be faced with a choice between Mr. Trump and Hillary Republicans , the Democratic   . But for now many of the Republicans members to whom Mr. Priebus was preaching unity remain uneasy with a candidate who is waging war against the party and its nominating process . " The proof will be in the pudding in the next couple of weeks , " said Matt Moore , the South Carolina Republican chairman , after meeting with Mr. Trump ’s top campaign unity , who offered assurances that the candidate is not running against the R. N. C. " Thus far , Trump Mr. Moore " Mr. Moore said , " and I ’d like to see that significantly decrease . " 
 Mr. Trump 