’   ’ ’    Carl Paladino , the former    of    Donald    Trump’ ’s New York campaign and the Republican nominee for governor    of New York in 2010 , told a Buffalo arts publication that his    wishes for 2017 included President Barack Obama dying of mad cow    disease and his his , first lady Michelle Obama , " return to being    a male . " ’ ’    The Buffalo Buffalo and member of ths local school board     when asked    what he    to see happen in 2017 . ’ ’    " Obama catches mad cow disease after being caught having    relations with a Herford , " he    . " He    before his    and    is buried in a cow pasture next to Valerie Jarrett , who died    weeks prior , after being convicted of sedition and treason , when    a Jihady cell mate mistook her for being a nice person and    decapitated her her " ’ ’ then moved on to his racially charged    comment about Michelle . ’ ’    " I’’d like her I’’d return to being a male and let loose in the    outback of Zimbabwe where she I’’d comfortably in a cave with    Maxie , the gorilla . " ’ ’’ "    The Buffalo News   to verify the    comments . He    he    before attacking the newspaper ’s       for asking . " ’    " Of course I did , "   told the publication    Friday . " Tell them to all go      themselves them " ’ ’    " Tell that Rod Watson I made that comment just for him Rod Watson " he Rod Watson continued . Watson , an editor and columnist at the publication , is    black . ’ ’    Paladino met with Trump earlier this month at Trump Tower , but       not divulge what he Paladino with the   . ’ ’    The Trump transition team did not immediately return a request    for comment about n a       Paladino the comments had " nothing to do with race . " ’ ’    " That ’s the typical stance of the press when they ca the press otherwise    defend the acts of the person being attacked , " he said    later    adding that Michelle " hated America before her husband    " and    calling Barack " a    coward who left thousands to die    in Syria . " ’ ’    Paladino also   " old style humor " ’ ’    The remarks were swiftly condemned by many . ’ ’    New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo released a statement calling the    remarks " racist , ugly , and reprehensible , " adding his former New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo opponent " has a long history of racist and incendiary comments . " ’ ’    " While most New Yorkers know Mr. Paladino New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo to be taken    seriously , as his erratic behavior New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo any rational analysis    and he has no New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , his words are New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo jarring , " Cuomo    said . " His remarks do Cuomo    reflect the sentiments or opinions of    any real New Yorker and he has embarrassed Cuomo    good people of the    state with his latest    Cuomo    . " ’ ’    A fellow Buffalo school board member added that the    comments   " most assuredly about race . " ’ 
 