PHILADELPHIA   —    Democrats pushed on Friday to extend the excitement spurred by a    convention that culminated in the presidential nomination of Hillary Clinton , taking the fight against Donald J. Trump to the battleground states that could decide an election just over 100 days away . Two weeks of speeches , music , infighting and ultimately mountains of balloons and confetti for Democrats and Republicans have cemented the terms of the debate and left both parties as unified as both parties can be . Now comes the grueling homestretch of the campaign , where advertising will step up and the bickering between the candidates is likely to become even more biting . Signaling the importance of Pennsylvania , Mrs. Clinton and Clinton running mate , Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , stayed in Philadelphia to campaign early Friday , holding a rally at Temple University to begin a    bus tour through Harrisburg and Pittsburgh and then Youngstown and Columbus , Ohio . Mr. Trump made Mr. Trump way west for campaign events in Colorado Springs and Denver . While en route , Mr. Trump lashed out on Twitter at those who were critical of Mr. Trump at the Democratic National Convention , specifically calling out Michael R. Bloomberg , New York ’s former mayor , and John R. Allen , a retired    general , as failures . That Pennsylvania , which Democrats have carried in every presidential election since 1992 , is in play underscores the threat posed by Mr. Trump , who campaigned on Wednesday in Scranton . The Republican nominee ’s appeals to white    voters make The Republican nominee attractive in the Rust Belt and could potentially reshape the election map . Joined by Mrs. Clinton running mate and a handful of Pennsylvania lawmakers , Mrs. Clinton took stock on Friday of the campaign ’s new phase , taking pains to contrast Mrs. Clinton convention ’s sunnier outlook with Mr. Trump ’s grim appraisal during the Republican National Convention in Cleveland . And Mrs. Clinton more traditional campaign event was in stark contrast to the withering    attack Mr. Trump delivered against Senator Ted Cruz in which he Mr. Trump old dramas about the Texas senator ’s wife and father . " We might as well have been talking about two different countries , " Mrs. Clinton told a crowd of thousands packed inside a gymnasium . " Or , as someone said to me , someone different planets . " Mrs. Mrs. Clinton she had Mrs. Clinton up quite late after her speech Mrs. Clinton Thursday   —    " It was just really hard to go to sleep , " she said Mrs. Clinton —    and joked that she and Mrs. Clinton husband Mrs. Clinton asked to have their coffee " she and her husband through an IV . " " We suddenly looked at each other and we realized , We of tomorrow , we have 100 We to make our case , We Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton That meant continuing to depict Mr. Trump as a danger to democracy , a    anathema to the country ’s principles . The nation ’s founders " knew they did n’t want The nation’s founders person , one man , to have all the power like a king , " said Mrs. Clinton , who also made sure to note her family ties Mrs. Clinton Scranton , where she spent her Mrs. Clinton summers Mrs. Clinton A Suffolk University poll released this week showed Mrs. Clinton with Mrs. Clinton percentage point lead in Pennsylvania , but she is not taking Mrs. Clinton for granted . Democrats hope that hosting their national convention in Philadelphia Democrats give Mrs. Clinton a boost Mrs. Clinton state . " I think Philadelphia be unified against Donald Trump and in favor of a more hopeful optimistic message for the country , " said Josh Shapiro , the Montgomery County commissioner , who is running to be Pennsylvania ’s attorney general . " Everyone will be on the same page coming out of Philly this week . " Political analysts will be watching closely in the coming days to see if Mrs. Clinton receives a bounce nationally from the convention , which was well received for its crisp choreography . Mr. Trump overtook her in some polls after last week Mr. Trump Republican convention . While Democrats generally considered Mrs. Clinton ’s acceptance speech on Thursday Mrs. Clinton be one of her best , Republicans offered reviews that were Mrs. Clinton mixed . Many considered it to be a classic liberal speech filled with policies they could never support , but some Republicans Republicans still refuse to support Mr. Trump expressed remorse about the direction of their party and offered some praise for her Republicans . " There ’s a logic Mrs. Clinton this speech that is in American mainstream , " said Stuart Stevens , a former adviser to Mitt Romney . " Trump was dark and outside mainstream . " Mr. Trump , the Trump campaign pushed back against Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump was taking the Republican Party from Mr. Trump in America " to " midnight in America . " " If it ’s midnight in America , it ’s because of the seven and America half it of the Obama and Clinton administration , " Paul Manafort , Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman , said on Fox News on Friday . Mr. Trump ’s running mate , Gov. Mike Pence Mr. Trump’s , said at a luncheon in Indianapolis that Mrs. Clinton offered no new ideas . " What Clinton was more , a commitment to more taxes , more regulation , more government , " he said . " More of the same failed policies that running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana landed our national government $ 19 trillion in debt . " In an interview on the Hugh Hewitt radio program , Mr. Pence lamented the personal attacks leveled by Democrats at Mr. Trump , particularly President Obama labeling him a " demagogue Mr. Trump place in public life , and I thought that was unfortunate that the president of the United States would use a term like that , " Mr. Pence said . Mr. Trump was skewered by many of Mr. Pence at the Democratic convention , where his business record , his combative policies and even his sanity were called into question . He clearly took it personally . Mr. Trump some    of Mr. Trump own on Friday , Mr. Trump mocked Mr. Bloomberg ’s height and Mr. Trump that General Allen " failed badly " in the Mr. Trump against the Islamic State Mr. Trump And Mr. Trump took issue with the content and tenor of Mrs. Clinton ’s speech , arguing that his opponent envisions a borderless America where workers have no power and no security . And he was not pleased with how Mr. Trump characterized him . " Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me , and ‘ Mr. Trump to mention the many problems of our Mr. Trump , in her Mrs. Clinton’s scream ! " Mr. Trump Crooked Hillary Clinton . At his rally in Colorado Springs , Mr. Trump said that he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton Republican convention was the better of the two and that Mr. Trump was disappointed Mrs. Clinton did Mr. Trump least congratulate him Mr. Trump being nominated . When the adoring crowd began chanting " lock her Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump did not stop them . Mr. Trump I ’ve been saying let ’s just beat her on Nov. 8 Mrs. Clinton but you know Mr. Trump ’m starting to agree the adoring crowd you , " he said . " I ’m taking Mrs. Clinton gloves off ! " 
 Mr. Trump the adoring crowd ’m 