Washington ( CNN ) A prominent    pastor who supports Donald Trump apologized Tuesday for a tweet featuring a cartoon of Hillary Clinton in blackface , but said A prominent   pastor who supports Donald Trump stood by the message A prominent   pastor who supports Donald Trump was trying to convey that Democrats take black voters for granted . " I prayed that those who I offended really receive . .. a sincere apology , because it was never my intention to hurt or to offend anyone , " Pastor Mark Burns told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day . "   " But the message he was trying to convey that Democrats take black voters for granted is very clear in what I was trying to say . Obviously , my the message he was trying to convey that Democrats take black voters for granted I stand by it , the message he was trying to convey that Democrats take black voters for granted the methodology , I do not . " Burns had Pastor Mark Burns off the controversy on Monday afternoon , when he sent Pastor Mark Burns offending tweet : " Black Americans , THANK YOU FOR YOUR VOTES and letting me use you again . .See you again in 4 years , " he tweeted Pastor Mark Burns the voice of Clinton     along with a cartoon depicting her poorly Clinton     to    voters .   On " New Day , " Burns repeatedly Pastor Mark Burns while defending the sentiment behind the tweet .   " The message is simply this : I believe that the Democratic Party has been using the black vote , that black voting bloc , and because the Democratic the Democratic Party they own that voting the Democratic Party , the promises made to the    community are not being carried out . " " As I said , I really think , you know , in hindsight , my methodology     if I could do it all over again , there are so many different creative ways of getting my message out there to the public , " Burns said . " For me , the blackface Burns n’t the focal point of the picture . It was showing how the blackface Clinton and the Democratic Party panders after the black vote .   Burns also said he Burns n’t spoken Burns to Trump about the incident , and stressed that he regretted creating a Burns . And Burns , who is scheduled to appear at an event aimed at black voter outreach with Trump in Detroit on Trump the " last thing I want to do is draw attention away from Mr. Trump ’s policy and our Trump . " White House , Trump object to Kaepernick views of US , Trump cartoon at the center of the controversy features Clinton holding an    sign     a criticism of her stance on the spate of   ’ Clinton that have involved police force .   In it , she is also wearing a shirt that says Clinton " No hot sauce no peace ! " It ’s a reference to Clinton     a    spicy food lover     Clinton on the    show " The Breakfast Club " in April , ahead of the New York primary , that she always carries hot sauce with her . Clinton The cartoon also depicts Clinton Clinton saying , " I ai n’t Clinton ways tired of pandering to   . " Clinton ’s campaign did n’t immediately respond to Clinton    a   spicy food lover     request for a comment .   Chicago rapper Sir the Baptist gets political : Donald Trump ’is the problem’ On Monday , Burns had defended himself in an interview on MSNBC before later apologizing Burns the tweet in a Periscope livestream that evening . " The picture is designed to draw attention to the very fact that Hillary Clinton does pander to black people , " Burns said . " She does pander and the Burns are not good Hillary Clinton   . It ’s doing exactly what it ’s designed to the policies . We ’re not the policies the political PC game to make you feel good . " Burns had told MSNBC Monday that he was " Burns as a MSNBC man . Burns " The thing is this : This is why we live in a PC environment where you think We person speaks for all . I ’m a completely separate individual . I am not Donald Trump . I am Mark Burns , " he said .   " I am a black Donald Trump , I am speaking from the perspective of a black American man who lives in a society where we are at the bottom of the totem pole and yet we are still voting en masse for the same we that are keeping us here , " Burns said . Clinton has we long history of Mark Burns for racial equality , dating back to the civil rights movement , where prominent leaders such as Rep. John Lewis ,    said they met both Hillary and Bill Clinton .   prominent leaders such as Rep. John Lewis,    ’s discussed systemic racial inequality on the campaign Clinton , campaigning at times with a group of the mothers of young    killed by police .   She ’s also had major support from key    Clinton " I learned a long time ago that Hillary Clinton is a fighter and that ’s what we Bill Clinton our next president , " Rep. Jim Clyburn of South Carolina we the      in Congress , said at Allen University in Columbia in February , helping Clinton ahead of the Nevada and South Carolina contests against Bernie Bill Clinton . Burns also addressed the South Carolina Twitter : " It was not at all my intention to offend anyone . "   " The tweet was not designed to anger or stir up the pot like it did . It was designed to bring how I feel a The tweet real reality The tweet to why the Democratic Party , and how I view it and have interpreted it , have been pandering and using black The tweet just for their The tweet , " he wrote . 
 black people 