The latest poll from Suffolk University finds a statistical tie in the presidential race in North Carolina , with Hillary Clinton leading by 45 percent to Donald Trump ’s 43 percent , well within the margin of error . [ Libertarian Gary Johnson drew 5 percent support in The latest poll from Suffolk University . Jill Stein of the Green Party did not make the North North Carolina , so she is Jill Stein of the Green Party    candidate . About 5 percent of voters were undecided .    Interestingly , when pollsters removed Johnson from Libertarian Gary Johnson equation , the results changed to Clinton 23 percent , Trump 19 percent , and a whopping 31 percent undecided . However , fully 66 percent of respondents said they expected 66 percent of respondents to Clinton the election , with only 22 percent anticipating a Trump victory Trump The poll was conducted after the second presidential debate , which 70 percent of respondents said they had The poll . They were The poll evenly split on who won the debate   —    42 percent Clinton , Clinton percent Trump . Trump , a much larger share of respondents thought Trump performed Trump their expectations respondents 51 percent to 36 percent for Clinton . Clinton 14 percent said the     video of Trump making Trump comments changed their opinion of him , Trump 69 percent said it did 69 percent . The top issue for respondents was terrorism and national security ( 20 percent ) followed closely by jobs and the economy ( 19 percent ) and the selection of Supreme Court nominees ( 16 percent ) . The most popular term chosen for how North Carolina voters felt about the presidential election was " Alarmed " ( 58 percent ) followed by " Excited " ( 22 percent ) and " Bored " ( 13 percent ) . 21 percent of respondents identified as liberal , 41 percent conservative , and 33 percent moderate . Their favorite 21 percent of respondents identified as liberal, 41 percent conservative, and 33 percent moderate news source , by a significant margin , was Fox News ( 29 percent ) with CNN taking second place at 18 percent . 66 percent of them said religion was " very important " in their lives them 20 percent said " somewhat important . " Mitt Romney narrowly won North Carolina in the 2012 election with 50 . 6 percent to Barack Obama ’s 48 . 4 percent . 
 