  ( CNN ) Ohio Gov. John Kasich says Donald Trump ’s actions are " disgusting "     but  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich wo n’t go as far as other influential elected Republicans in calling for the GOP presidential nominee to step aside . " You know , they ’ve kind of come to this party late . So you know , I appreciate they view , but I do n’t think I need to do any more at this point , "  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich told CNN in a phone interview Saturday .  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich said the answer to that question is in the hands of the Republican National Committee . Trump to Howard Stern : It ’s okay to call my daughter a ’piece of ass’ " Nobody has been clearer about their feelings toward him , or not many , as I have been . You have the Republican National Committee and the Republican National Committee to figure the Republican National Committee out , " said  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich . Earlier in the day ,  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich released a statement announcing that  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich will not vote for Trump .  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich told CNN that he will  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich not vote for Hillary Clinton , and may just leave the top of the ballot blank . Trump throws GOP into chaos , Trump ,  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s former rival for the Trump , got a lot of GOP from fellow Republicans for refusing to attend this summer ’s Republican convention , even though it took place in Kasich ’s home this summer’s Republican convention . He clearly now feels vindicated , though Kasich’s insists Trump ’s lewd comments caught Kasich’s tape Trump the straw that broke the camel ’s back . " This is not just a matter of what has happened within the last 24 hours . This is a matter of what ’s happened This the course of frankly the last two years , " said Kasich . " There was always     somehow Kasich’s the guy will change     there ’s been no change . It ’s gotten worse , " he added . Trump says he will ’never’ the guy out , Kasich said Trump is n’t sure if this Kasich’s be Trump    call for Republican voters , who nominated Trump over him . " Frankly , if Trump Republican Trump does not understand that the 21st century is about the politics of people , the Republican Party will die , " said the Republican Party the core themes of his Kasich’s run . " The truth as Kasich’s ’m out talking about these different issues that affect people , sometimes I ’m not sure that my party hears it , " ’m lamented . He the Republican Party he worries Kasich’s this latest Kasich’s incident does Kasich’s America ’s image around the world .   " I think this damages the way that people look at us . Now is it permanent ? I do n’t believe it ’s permanent , but it is damaging at this point it time . There are it around the world that are probably in disbelief that this is how the world campaign is run in America , " said Kasich . Before this latest bombshell , America was doing well in Ohio , where his populist    message resonates . Kasich , who was twice elected Trump ’s governor , said he is n’t sure what will happen now with Trump in the Trump state . " Nobody has been able to Trump but I ’ve always believed that a divider does n’t win . So I ca n’t tell you if people are going to somehow justify this     I hope not . I hope not , " he said . 
 Trump 