On the way to denouncing Donald Trump during Donald Trump Golden Globes speech Sunday , Meryl Streep ended up miffing some sports fans . " Hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners , " Meryl Streep said , " and if we kick them all out you ’ll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts —   which are not the arts . " The Biggest Moments From the 2017 Golden Globes , Just as Trump would soon shoot back at Meryl Streep , the mixed martial arts community soon took issue with Meryl Streep comment . Scott Coker , president of Bellator MMA , wrote Meryl Streep an open letter inviting Meryl Streep to attend a fight so Meryl Streep could see that " mixed martial arts celebrates male and female athletes from all over the world who work tirelessly honing their craft and —   yes —   art . " The complaints from fans were not simply that Meryl Streep ’d seemed to condescend to the sport but that Meryl Streep ’d , in fact , misrepresented it . " MMA is as international as Hollywood , " Howley said on Twitter , adding , " Meryl Streep : America ’s white working class invented Brazilian   . " Howley ’s    2014 book Thrown is based on Meryl Streep real experience spending three years getting to know MMA fighters . Deadspin called it " The Deadspin MMA Book Anyone Ever Needs To Write . " Looking for some perspective about mixed martial arts ’s multiculturalism and claim to the status of art , I spoke with Howley , an Kerry Howley phone this morning . This conversation has been edited . Spencer Kornhaber : What was your reaction when Meryl Streep mentioned MMA ? Kerry Howley : I just thought it was odd . She could n’t have chosen a worse sport to represent American provincialism Meryl Streep The implication was that you could expel foreigners from the country and you would n’t have Hollywood but you ’d have MMA . Of course , if you expelled foreigners from the country MMA would destroy MMA , which is as Brazilian as it American —   and Irish and Japanese and Russian and Korean and Belgian . I think her implication was bigger : It was that MMA fans are    provincial people who are offended her implication confused by MMA cosmopolitanism of Hollywood . And that ’s a more disturbing kind of ignorance : ignorance about people rather than ignorance about the dynamics of a particular sport . I ’m not sure how much you know about MMA   …      Kornhaber : I really do n’t know anything ! Howley : Originally , MMA was brought to this country , in the early ’90s , MMA   a Brazilian family who had studied a Japanese art form . The sport has never lost its international flavor . Fighters and fans are completely aware that this The sport a cosmopolitan sport . Just list the martial arts you need to be successful in mixed martial arts : Muay Thai , Judo , Brazilian    Taekwondo . Do those sound American ? If you ’re a Brazilian fighter , you might come to the U. S. to study Brazilian and American wrestling . But otherwise you ’ll be seeking wisdom from other cultures . Fighters are constantly going back and forth to training camps in Brazil . Many of them study Portuguese so they can more effectively understand their instructors . Fighters it bleeds into Fighters real interest in the Fighters . Let ’s just look at the very last UFC fight . That was Ronda Rousey versus a [ Brazilian ] woman named Amanda Nunes , who beat her . We all listened to Nunes talk about her win through a translator . That ’s MMA . You could her turn it into the kind of    white American phenomenon that Meryl Streep seems to think it is . If Americans wanted to not have to hear people speak through a translator , not have to deal with other cultures , they could go watch American wrestling or do something else . Kornhaber Americans What about the implication that the fandom , at least , is a lot of people who supported Trump ? Howley : I ca n’t comment on the mass of fans . But the fighters I write about in Thrown and all the fighters in this one fight camp I spent years with —   which is in Iowa , it ’s not in New York City —   are searchers . They ’re nonconformists . They ’re artists who absolutely embrace the cosmopolitan searchers of the sport searchers They think it ’s bigger than this country , and they ’re searchers dismissive of the provincial attitudes that Meryl Streep was searchers about . I mean , think about it : If you were a strong natural athlete and also a conformist who was uncomfortable with difference and with change , what would you do ? You would try football , or basketball . You would n’t choose the stigmatized , relatively    sport . You would n’t learn Portuguese so you could learn under Brazilians . I do n’t know if most MMA fans are Trump supporters . I have no idea . But whatever part of them is interested in MMA is not the part of them that most MMA fans are Trump supporters white supremacy or MMA provincialism . We know that most MMA fans are Trump supporters Ultimate Fighting Championship president ] Dana White is friendly to Trump , but Dana White is not the mass of MMA fans Trump Kornhaber : Dana White you make of the comment that mixed martial arts are not art ? Howley : The fighters that I know    as artists . They ’re people who are seeking out a life that is very likely The fighters that I know   as artists going to make them wealthy , that is very difficult , and that is openly stigmatized The fighters that I know   as artists as we just saw . And they ’re doing it because there ’s something beautiful and strange about the The fighters that I know   as artists of opening yourself up to this kind of violence . It was very easy for me to spend three years with these men because they shared a lot of the values of the artist The fighters that I know   as artists I have The fighters that I know   as artists in Iowa City . Of course if you ’re not inside the world , you only see Ronda Rousey and you might say , " Oh , she ’s after fame and    parts . " But , of course , Ronda Rousey fighters are never going to be Ronda Rousey and are well aware of that . There are fights in    Ronda Rousey weekend . There are fights at state fairgrounds . These are people who love what they ’re doing and are trying to refine a number of distinct arts that have These brought here from other cultures . Kornhaber : Streep also mentioned the NFL , another sport associated , to many people , with contact and violence . Do you think it makes sense to group those sports together ? Howley : I am deeply ignorant about football —   to be honest , I share Meryl Streep ’s assumptions about football . And so when she makes these deeply incorrect Streep MMA , it makes me stop and think about Streep breadth of what I do n’t know about lives that I have n’t bothered to understand . So right now the comparison [ with the NFL ] makes no sense to me because I can see that MMA is so international and football does n’t seem to be . But I do n’t MMA —   maybe if I wrote about football I would discover a world of broadminded people . Kornhaber : Scott Coker , an MMA promoter , wrote Streep a letter inviting her to a match . What do you MMA she ’d make of it if she Streep ? Howley : I do n’t think she Streep respond . But if she Streep , she could very likely end up at Streep fight card that is n’t she went American Streep And that might be surprising to her . 
 Streep 