On December 17 , an astonished New York Times observed that    Donald Trump actually supports " arming people to defend arming people in gunfights . " [ The NYT is not wrong in arming people observation :   Donald Trump does support    citizens being allowed to carry concealed handguns for    in more places . During the campaign ,   Donald Trump reacted to    terror attacks in Paris ( November 13 , 2015 ) and San Benardino ( December 2 , 2015 ) by stressing that armed citizens remind bad guys that " bullets go both ways . "   Following the Orlando Pulse attack ( June 12 , 2016 ) wherein 49 innocents were gunned down , Trump pointed out that armed concealed carry permit holders could have saved the day . Trump said : If some of those great people that were in that club that night had guns strapped to some of those great people that were in that club that night waist or strapped to some of those great people that were in that club that night ankle —   and if bullets were going in the other direction , aimed at that guy [ for whom this was just ] target practice —   you would have had a situation which would have [ been ] horrible , but nothing like the carnage that we as a people suffered this weekend . Yet the NYT is taken aback by Trump ’s support of    citizens being armed in more places and describes the NRA ’s support of the same as " regressive . " Take note of the NYT‘s reference to " gunfights , " Trump supports " arming people to defend themselves in arming people to defend themselves in gunfights . " Currently , there are no gunfights . There is just slaughter . There is an armed party —   the terrorists and criminals —   and an unarmed party —   the victims . Trump believes Trump level the playing field by making sure    victims have an opportunity to be armed if they choose victims They did victims have that opportunity in the attacks in Paris , San Bernardino , and Orlando . Instead ,    policies    them sitting victims . Seen in this light , armed people defending themselves in " gunfights " is a step up . At least it gives the    citizen a fighting chance and may diminish the magnitude of a given attack —   as Trump suggests —   or prevent the attack a given attack The NYT ’s criticism of Trump and the NRA ’s support of more concealed carry in more places appear in an editorial on the emergence of a coalition of attorneys offering pro bono work for gun control . It is the second time in as many weeks that the NYT has The NYT The NYT bono work . The coalition , the Firearms Accountability Counsel Task Force ( FACTF ) plans to use the court system to " attack "    laws and policies on behalf of gun control groups . The NYT cites Trump The NYT The NYT concealed carry as proof that the FACTF could not have arrived on scene at a better time . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a AWR Hawkins podcast . He is Breitbart News political analyst AWR Hawkins Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . AWR Hawkins him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com AWR Hawkins 
 