As a candidate back in July 2015 , Donald J. Trump promised that Donald J. Trump would repeal Obamacare and replace Obamacare with " something terrific . " The Senate voted , 51 to 48 , on Thursday morning for a measure setting Congress on the path toward repealing President Obama ’s health care law , and Donald J. Trump is now a few days from taking office . The public , however , knows little more about his Donald J. Trump than it The public in 2015 . In comments to The New York Times on Tuesday and in his Donald J. Trump conference on Wednesday , Mr. Donald J. Trump when a Republican health reform bill would be released   —    " very quickly . " But he has Donald J. Trump to give details about the policies it would contain . " We ’re going to have a health care that is far less expensive and far better , " he said Donald J. Trump . Wednesday Trump Donald J. Trump problems with the current health care system for Americans under 65 : " You have deductibles that are so high , that after people go broke paying their premiums which people going through the roof , the health care ca n’t even be used by them because their people bills people so high . " Mitch McConnell , the Senate majority leader , and House Speaker Paul Ryan have also spoken forcefully in recent days about how health care is too expensive . Premiums for health insurance plans in the United States are high . And increasing deductibles can make needed coverage a financial stretch even for the insured . Recent polling from the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation suggests that the public agrees with Mr. Trump ’s assessment : High     spending on health care is Americans’ No . 1 health care concern . ( Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump’s he will not make Mr. Trump’s changes to Medicare , the program for Americans 65 and older . ) But solving those problems is not as easy as identifying them . The real those problems health care premiums and deductibles are so high is that medical care is very expensive in the United States   —    far more costly than it is anywhere else in the world . The United States pays the United States to doctors and hospitals and drug and device makers , and Americans use a lot of that expensive medical care . That means that the country spent far more on the United States than its peers even when tens of millions the United States Americans lacked health coverage . Obamacare has been successful in getting health insurance to people who lacked it before . About 20 million more Obamacare had insurance last year than before the law passed , according to an Obama administration estimate . But the health law , largely focused on the law , did not drive down the cost of medical treatments . Health care , and health insurance , continues to be expensive . That means that a Republican health reform plan that is both cheaper and better than Obamacare will be hard to deliver . Republicans in Congress and    think tanks have put together a number of possible Obamacare replacement plans . They are all slightly different Obamacare and it is Republicans in Congress and   think tanks which one Mr. Trump and congressional leaders will choose . But none of them solve both sides of the " less expensive Republicans in Congress and   think tanks far better " equation . Most of the G. O. P. plans manage to be less expensive for the federal government   —    by offering stingier federal payments in helping people buy insurance and allowing the coverage people buy to be skimpier . But those proposals will tend to increase , not decrease , the amount many Americans spend on their health care .    people will end up many Americans a larger share of their income to buy coverage than they do under people . Deductibles and other forms people     spending , capped under Obamacare , will tend to rise in many plans . Millions to tens of millions fewer Americans will have coverage under such plans , according to independent estimates . Republicans also want to pare back the minimum package of benefits that plans must cover , which will drive up costs substantially for some patients , while reducing them for others . If the bill eliminates requirements some patients pay for maternity care or prescription drugs , for example , that could lower the sticker price of a health plan , but will make health care much more expensive for anyone who has a baby or takes medication . There will be people who will be better off under a Republican plan .    healthy people who buy their own insurance have been the most disadvantaged group under Obamacare , and their fortunes would improve . The Republican plans , healthy people who buy their own insurance their skimpier benefits , and more generous tax assistance healthy people who buy their own insurance the wealthy , would offer them a better deal . The G. O. P. The Republican plans, with their skimpier benefits, and more generous tax assistance for the wealthy tend to be worse for people who need insurance and are poor or have major health problems . ( Some sick people may be far worse off . Mr. Trump has promised that people with    health conditions will be covered under his plan , but not all the Republican plans Mr. Trump them the kind of coverage that they can get people with   health conditions Obamacare . ) The Affordable people with   health conditions Act is a case study in these   . Most of the things its creators did to try to make health insurance The Affordable Care Act far better , " like requiring minimum benefits or banning lifetime coverage limits , also made it more expensive . The things they did to The Affordable Care Act insurance " less expensive , " like encouraging higher deductibles or requiring all Americans to buy health insurance or pay a fine , are top    talking points . The consensus Democratic approach to making Obamacare " far better " has been to make it more expensive for the federal government , but less expensive for individuals . Proposals circulated by President Obama and Hillary Clinton would involve more federal spending on subsidies to help make insurance more affordable for more people , but at the expense of higher taxes . So far , the Republican plans have tended to engage in the same    but tilt in the opposite direction , emphasizing government savings over program generosity . The recent statements from Mr. Trump suggest that the coming replacement plan   —    promised in the next few weeks   —    will be able to achieve both goals simultaneously . Mr. Trump has provided almost no detail about what Mr. Trump in it . 
 