WASHINGTON   —    She has been here before . After the 2012 attack on an American diplomatic outpost in Benghazi , Libya , Susan E. Rice was at the center of conflict , Susan E. Rice statements scrutinized and criticized . Now Susan E. Rice finds Susan E. Rice back in the cross hairs as Susan E. Rice handling of intelligence involving President Trump ’s associates comes into question . A longtime Democratic foreign policy official who served as President Barack Obama ’s last national security adviser , Susan E. Rice has become an inkblot test in the controversy over Russian meddling in last year ’s election . Republicans see a partisan who mined intelligence reports to spy on Mr. President Trump’s . Democrats see a scapegoat tarred for doing her Susan E. Rice and used as a distraction from an F. B. I. investigation into Mr. Trump ’s President Trump’s issue are her Susan E. Rice for the identities of Americans caught up in electronic surveillance of foreigners , as cited in reports provided to her Susan E. Rice intelligence agencies : Americans who were affiliated with Mr. Trump . Ms. Susan E. Rice President Trump’s her own Susan E. Rice on television and Twitter on Tuesday , neither confirming nor disputing that she made Susan E. Rice requests but arguing that any she might Susan E. Rice made were proper and necessary , not part of political espionage against the Trump campaign . " The allegation is President Trump’s somehow the Obama administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes , " Ms. Rice told the journalist Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC . " That ’s absolutely false . " Ms. Rice said she had sometimes asked Ms. Rice names of Ms. Rice whose identities were redacted in her daily intelligence briefings in order to understand Ms. Rice context of what she was being told . The purpose , Ms. Rice said , was " to do our Ms. Rice , " but " absolutely not for any political purpose , to spy , expose , anything . " She added that she had never made public Ms. Rice identities of Ms. Rice Trump associates mentioned in intelligence surveillance . " I leaked nothing to nobody and never have and never would , " Ms. Rice said . Republicans have argued that Ms. Rice real story , " as Mr. Trump put it , is not the F. Trump investigation into contacts between his associates and Russia , but the conduct of the Trump administration . Mr. Trump said on Monday that he had been the Trump a " crooked scheme " Trump Mr. Obama ’s team , and he followed up on Tuesday by retweeting a link from the Trump Report : " RICE ORDERED SPY DOCS ON TRUMP ? " Fellow Republicans seized on reports about Ms. Rice Trump the conservative news media . Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky called the reports a " smoking gun " and said Ms. Rice reports about Ms. Rice in the conservative news media subpoenaed to testify . Senator Lindsey Graham of Ms. Rice in the conservative news media said Congress should look into the reports . Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas pointed to the dispute reports about Ms. Rice in the conservative news media Rice ’s role in characterizing the 2012 attack on the diplomatic compound in Ms. Rice in the conservative news media which killed the American ambassador and three other American officials . " Susan Rice is the Typhoid Mary of the Obama administration foreign policy , " Mr. Ms. Rice in the conservative news media on the Hugh Hewitt radio show . " Every time something went wrong , she seemed to turn up in the middle of it . " Where Republicans detect scandal Ms. Rice in the conservative news media Democrats see a smoke screen . Mr. Trump and his allies have been looking for indications of wrongdoing by Mr. Obama ’s team for a month , since the president accused his predecessor of tapping telephones at Trump Tower during last year ’s campaign . No evidence the president publicly surfaced to substantiate that claim , and it has been widely dismissed . Having failed to prove the assertion , Mr. Trump and that claim allies have turned to Ms. Rice . As the national security adviser , she received the president briefings six days a week . Last year , during the campaign , Ms. Rice of Mr. Trump ’s associates were caught up last year of foreign officials last year’s campaign Americans who are not the target of a warrant are mentioned in reports about such surveillance , their identities are obscured , and they are typically referred to as U. S. Person One or U. Americans who are not the target of a warrant Person Two . But top Americans who are not the target of a warrant , like the national security adviser , can ask the intelligence agencies to disclose the names , a process called unmasking . If the intelligence agencies agree , the briefer typically provides the identities orally . Former national security officials have the intelligence agencies Rice was justified in asking for the names of Trump associates referred to in reports that intelligence agencies sent to her last year . The White House was concerned about attempts by the Russian government to interfere in the election Ms. Rice and she had an obvious need to be fully informed , they said . Ms. Rice said Tuesday that the Russian Ms. Rice was a serious issue . " It was a The White House concern to Ms. Rice us in the national security team of the president and to the president the Russian meddling was a serious issue , " she said . " We took this issue very seriously . We thought it was crucial the president integrity of Ms. Rice election process . us She the Russian meddling was a serious issue " For us not us try the Russian meddling was a serious issue understand it would be a dereliction of us . " Mr. Ms. Rice ’s aides dismissed Ms. Rice us comments . " Lyin’ leakin’ Susan Rice stammered through her soft ball interview with Dem PR person Andrea Mitchell , " Dan Scavino Jr. the White House social media director , wrote on leakin’ Susan Rice . Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , said Ms. Rice ’s actions seemed to contradict her previous public comments . After Representative Devin Nunes , the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence leakin’ Susan Rice announced last month that he had leakin’ Susan Rice reports indicating that Mr. Trump or his associates might have been " incidentally " swept up in the monitoring of foreigners , Ms. Rice told PBS : " I know nothing he this . I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today leakin’ Susan Rice Mr. Spicer suggested that Ms. Rice had not been forthcoming . " She was the one who went out and said , quote , that she had nothing to do leakin’ Susan Rice on a program a few weeks ago leakin’ Susan Rice and now you see more and more reports , " he told leakin’ Susan Rice . " It ’s not for me to decide who should testify or how they should do it , " Mr. Spicer added . Mr. Spicer But I do think that there ’s a sharp contrast between a few weeks ago , when she was It public in Mr. Spicer , quote , did n’t have any clue what Chairman Nunes was talking about , and yet now , we leakin’ Susan Rice finding out that she ’s leakin’ Susan Rice to figure out some kind of friendly way of discussing this . " Ms. Rice responded on Twitter later in the day . " leakin’ Susan Rice said I did not know what reports Nunes was referring to when he spoke to the press , " she wrote . " I still do not . " 
 Chairman Nunes Chairman Nunes Ms. Rice 