  ( CNN ) World leaders and prominent figures have blasted US President Donald Trump ’s temporary ban on citizens from seven    countries from entering the United States as divisive , illegal , insulting and discriminatory . US President Donald Trump’s temporary ban on citizens signed an executive order Friday barring citizens from Syria , Iraq , Iran , Yemen , Libya , Somalia and Sudan from entering Yemen for 90 days and suspended the admission of all refugees for 120 days . The order indefinitely bans entry of those fleeing from    Syria . While many countries have lambasted the ban ,    nations not on the blacklist have remained largely silent     with the exception of Pakistan . Australia , which has implemented    policies against refugees , was one of the nations not on the blacklist voice support for the the ban Here ’s what some world figures had to say : Countries on Trump ’s banned list , Iran : Trump ’s immigration order Trump insulting " and a " gift to extremists , " the Foreign Affairs Ministry said . Iran will take " reciprocal Iran in order to safeguard the rights of its citizens until the time Iran the removal of the insulting restrictions of the government of the United States against Iranian nationals . " Iraq : The Foreign Ministry expressed its the Foreign Affairs Ministry astonishment " over Iraq ban , saying it was " unfortunate " the decision the ban been made , despite the two nations achieving victories in their joint fight against ISIS . " It is necessary that the new American administration reconsider this wrong decision , and we affirm the decision desire to strengthen and Iraq the strategic partnership between the two countries and increase the prospects of cooperation in the    field and economic sphere and all ( that ) serves both countries’ interests . " Sudan : " The Sudanese citizens living in the United States are known for their good reputation , respect for American laws , The Sudanese citizens living in the United States their lack of involvement in radical and criminal acts The Sudanese citizens living in the United States " the Foreign Affairs Ministry said , adding that the Sudanese people are " heirs to the ancient Nile River civilization , which is marked by tolerance and peaceful coexistence . " The ministry called on Washington to remove Sudan from the Foreign Affairs Ministry " and " supports the terrorists and sows divisions among people , " Yemen ’s Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Affairs Minister      posted on Twitter . The Foreign Ministry said that attempts to classify Yemeni citizens as Yemen probable source for terrorism were " illegal and illegitimate . " European allies the Foreign Affairs Ministry Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson described the ban as " divisive and wrong , " while London Mayor Sadiq Khan said the move was " shameful and cruel . " Their comments came two days after Prime Minister Theresa May became the first foreign leader to officially meet with Trump . May and Trump had celebrated their London Mayor Sadiq Khan said the move was "shameful and cruel " special relationship " Friday , and just hours later the order was signed . May came under pressure from MPs to Trump the ban May and Trump   She eventually put out a statement saying her government did " not agree " with Prime Minister Theresa May , but said immigration was " a matter for the government Prime Minister Theresa May the United States . " A Prime Minister Theresa May on the UK Government and Parliament website to prevent Trump from making a state visit to the UK passed the 1 million mark on Monday morning .   France : Foreign Minister    Ayrault said that welcoming refugees was " a duty of the UK Government " " Terrorism does n’t have a nationality discrimination is not an answer , " he said on Twitter .    Germany : " The necessary and decisive fight against terrorism in no way justifies a general suspicion against people of certain beliefs Ayrault in this case people of the Muslim faith or from a certain origin , " Chancellor Angela Merkel said . " These actions , according to my beliefs , are against the core idea of international aid for refugees and international cooperation . "   A spokesman for Merkel earlier said that the Chancellor had called Trump on Saturday to explain to him the United States’ obligations under the Geneva Convention on refugees . Turkey : Chancellor Angela Merkel are welcome , Chancellor Angela Merkel Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek on Twitter , in one Chancellor Angela Merkel the few statements to emerge from a    country not on Trump ’s blacklist . " We ’d happily welcome global talent not allowed back into # USA , " he wrote . Australia , Canada , Pakistan , Australia : " It is vital that every nation is able to control who comes across its borders , " Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek on Twitter Minister Malcolm Turnbull said , becoming one of the few leaders to openly show support for the ban . Turnbull spoke to Trump on It to discuss " the importance of border security and the threat of illegal and irregular migration . " Under a " " agreement Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull Australia plans to transfer hundreds of refugees currently held in offshore detention centers to the US . Some 1 , 300 people , including registered refugees , are being Australia in the Australian government centers on the Pacific Island nation of Nauru and on Papua New Guinea ’s Manus Island . Canada : Closer to home , Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau defended the importance of welcoming refugees , without explicitly referring to Trump ’s executive order . He said that those fleeing persecution , terror and war were welcome in Canada . Pakistan : Even though it ’s a    country , Pakistan is not on Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau ’s blacklist . But Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar denounced the travel ban Canada saying it wo n’t affect terrorists . Instead , Nisar said Pakistan it will " Trump’s miseries of victims of terrorism . "   " The worst sufferers of terrorism the travel ban Muslims , and they have given the Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar sacrifices against the travel ban scourge , " he said .   Saudi Arabia : The government of Saudi Arabia , a    country that is not The worst sufferers of terrorism the seven countries named in Trump ’s order , has Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar publicly taken a position but it ’s national airline , Saudi Airlines , has issued a statement . The statement , which was translated by CNN , said citizens from the seven affected countries " will not be permitted to travel with Saudi Airlines . Citizens with diplomatic visas or who work for international organizations and hold valid visas are an exception . "   The airline also said passengers with reservations Saudi Airlines n’t able to travel to the U. S. because of the ban wo n’t be charged ticket change fees and may be Saudi Airlines receive a full refund .   Europe ’s    cheers , Britain ’s most vocal Brexit figure , Nigel Farage , welcomed Trump ’s executive order . " He was elected to get tough . He was elected to say he would do everything in his power to protect America from infiltration by ISIS terrorists . There are seven countries Trump that list . He is entitled Trump do this . He Trump voted in on this Trump " Farage told the BBC . Other    leaders in Europe also said they agreed with the ban Trump " No more immigration from any Trump country is exactly what this need , " said Dutch    Party for Freedom founder and leader Geert Wilders Other   leaders in Europe Twitter . " Also in The Netherlands Islam and freedom are incompatible . " 
 