  ( CNN ) Protesters briefly blocked Education Secretary Betsy DeVos as Education Secretary Betsy DeVos tried to enter a public school in Washington on Friday morning . Demonstrators holding signs greeted Education Secretary Betsy DeVos when Education Secretary Betsy DeVos arrived at Jefferson Middle School Academy in southwest Washington , not far from the Department of Education building .   When Education Secretary Betsy DeVos headed toward a public school in Washington entrance , the protesters stood in front of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos , video from CNN affiliate WJLA showed . Education Secretary Betsy DeVos then turned around and walked away , the video video from CNN affiliate WJLA with one protester walking beside Education Secretary Betsy DeVos shouting , " Go back ! Shame , shame " as Education Secretary Betsy DeVos got into an SUV and drove off . In a statement issued Friday afternoon , Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said Education Secretary Betsy DeVos subsequently got inside the school to meet with students , faculty and administrators . " I respect peaceful protest , and I will not be deterred in executing the vital mission of the Department of Education , " the statement said . " No school door in America will be blocked from those seeking to help our nation ’s schoolchildren . " WJLA reported the Washington Teachers’ Union organized a protest but that union members were not among the people blocking her entry .   BlackLivesMatter DC , the Black Youth Project and other groups had sent social media messages urging people to protest at the school . One man was arrested and charged with assault on a police officer , said Officer Hugh Carew of the Metropolitan Police Department . After the protest , a protest took to social media to say DeVos should have been let inside . Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway tweeted : " Do n’t we want the Sec of Education to visit schools ? "   Randi Weingarten , the president of the American Federation of Teachers , tweeted : " Just heard a protester blocked   almost knocked Secy @BetsyDeVos down at Jefferson . We do n’t condone we acts . We want her to we to DeVos schls . " Video did n’t show DeVos being pushed . Carew said police were investigating allegations DeVos was assaulted . DeVos Duncan , who served as education secretary in the Obama administration , tweeted : " Agree or disagree w @BetsyDeVos on any issue @BetsyDeVos but let ’s all agree she really needs to be in public schools . Please let her in . " she Mayor Muriel Bowser , a Democrat , tweeted about the demonstration , saying : " This bears repeating : Protest    peaceful protest     is fine but we do not condone Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser, a Democrat towards anyone . " A second tweet from Bowser said , " DC has the fastest growing urban school district in America . We welcome @BetsyDeVos   Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser, a Democrat who wants to learn more about our schools . " Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser, a Democrat was one of Trump ’s most controversial appointments . Critics complained about her lack of experience DeVos public schools and her bankrolling of efforts DeVos as school vouchers that could take money from public institutions . She won confirmation Tuesday DeVos Vice President Mike Pence broke a    vote in the Senate . DeVos visited Howard University in Washington on Thursday , the Department of Education said . The District of Columbia Public Schools said DeVos had " a DeVos meeting " with students and staff . 
 