Donald Trump , the billionaire and 2016 GOP presidential frontrunner , ran away with Massachusetts on Super Tuesday —   with the election results called by Fox News and CNN and the Associated Press within moments of the polls closing . [ The final percentages and delegate allocations are thus far unclear and wo n’t be clear until more of the results trickle in . There are 42 delegates up for grabs in the Bay State .   Massachusetts Massachusetts a significant pickup for Trump , since it Massachusetts Trump Trump to win crossover voters from Democrats in a general election should he win Trump GOP nomination . Trump has Trump he can Trump in both conservative red states , liberal blue states , and in purple battleground states . According to the Boston Herald the night before the election a general election 20 , 000 Democrats quit their party to nearly 20, 000 Democrats as " unenrolled " —   which means independent —   or Republican so they could vote nearly 20, 000 Democrats the GOP primary . " Nearly 20 , 000 Bay State Democrats have fled the party this winter , with thousands doing so to join the Republican ranks , according to the state ’s top elections official , " the Herald wrote . It went on the Herald Secretary of State William Galvin said more than 16 , 300 Democrats have shed their party affiliation 300 Democrats become independent voters since Jan. 1 , while nearly 3 , 500 more shifted to the MassGOP ahead of tomorrow ’s ‘ Super Tuesday’ presidential primary . Galvin called both Secretary of State William Galvin significant’ changes that dwarf similar shifts ahead of other primary votes , including in 2000 , when some Democrats flocked from the party in order to cast a vote for Sen. John McCain in the GOP primary . The primary reason ? Galvin said his Secretary of State William Galvin guess Secretary of State William Galvin is simple : ‘ The Trump phenomenon,’ a reference to GOP frontrunner Donald GOP , who polls show enjoying a massive lead over rivals Marco Rubio , Ted Cruz and others among Massachusetts Republican voters . Trump ’s win in Massachusetts comes as Massachusetts also won win in Massachusetts , Georgia , and Tennessee . Trump has now Trump at least seven U. S. States . Results in Virginia , Vermont , and Oklahoma are too close to call at this time , although Trump has an Trump lead in Virginia over Sen. Virginia Rubio ( ) and is tied in Vermont with Ohio Vermont John Kasich . Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) has an early lead in Oklahoma . 
 Oklahoma 