WASHINGTON   —    President Trump is a man seriously susceptible to snagging President Trump in the nettles of obsession . In the last three weeks , no compulsion has so consumed President Trump psyche , and President Trump Twitter account , as the deeply held and shallowly sourced belief that President Barack Obama tapped President Barack Obama phones . So why ca n’t President Barack Obama just let go ? First , aides say that Mr. Trump , who often says , " I ’m , like , a really smart person " in public , is driven by a need to prove President Barack Obama legitimacy as president to the many critics who deem President Barack Obama an unworthy victor forever undercut by Hillary Clinton ’s     win in the popular vote . " The Russia investigation is being used by his political opponents to delegitimize his entire presidency and to delegitimize his agenda , " said Sam Nunberg , a longtime Trump political adviser who remains close with West Wing aides . " his will fight back , and his does The Russia investigation better than anybody in this White House . And that includes all those Republican National Committee guys he hired to defend his . " Second , fighting back   —    in this case , against Mr. Obama , the F. B. I. director and members of his own party who say his claim about phone taps is false   —    is an important part of the president ’s   . The two most influential role models in Mr. Trump ’s youth were men who preached the twin philosophies of relentless    and the waging of total war against anyone perceived as a threat . Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump ’s other mentor was the caustic and conniving    lawyer Roy one longtime adviser , who counseled Mr. Trump one longtime adviser to give in or concede error . Mr. Trump ’s fixation on Mr. Obama and an F. B. I. one longtime adviser into Russian influence in the 2016 election echoes his actions in New York decades ago , when he engaged in bitter Mr. Trump with the mayor , Edward I. Koch , and Mr. Trump fathers of Atlantic City . The battles were often to the detriment of Mr. Trump ’s real estate and gambling Mr. Trump , according to Tim O’Brien , author of Mr. Trump TrumpNation , " a 2005 biography that documented his early years.’ " " I do n’t think there ’s anything new bitter personal battles with the mayor, Edward I. Koch, and the city fathers of Atlantic City his behavior , ’’ said Mr. O’Brien , now the executive editor of Bloomberg View . " He ’s been doing this kind of thing for the last 45 years . Mr. Trump " ’"He ’s deeply , deeply insecure about how he ’s perceived in the Mr. Trump , about whether or not he ’s competent and deserves what he ’s gotten , " Mr. Trump added . " There ’s an unquenchable thirst for validation and love . That ’s why he can never stay quiet , even Mr. Trump it would be wise strategically or emotionally to hold back Mr. Trump " During the 2016 campaign Mr. Trump Mr. Trump fixated on Mr. Trump every slight , especially in the news media , and singled out reporters for criticism at Mr. Trump rallies . A day after he was sworn in as the 45th president , he woke up furious that websites were running     pictures Mr. Trump his inaugural crowd was demonstrably smaller than Mr. Obama ’s 2009 throng . He instructed his press secretary , Sean Mr. Trump , to convene the press Mr. Trump the White House for a    over " Mr. Trump " reporting on crowd size , which delighted the new president Mr. Trump struck nearly everyone else as a bizarre overreaction . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump Twitter Mr. Trump on March 4 amounted to a    declaration that he would be no one ’s victim . " How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process , " the president wrote in an unspellchecked outburst , one of several that morning . " This is   . Bad ( Mr. Trump sick ) guy ! " Toughness , more than any other attribute , is what Mr. Trump has sought to project during his short and successful President Obama   —    and he believes his behavior makes him look tougher , no matter what the press thinks . As a presidential candidate , he wanted to look dour , and vetoed any campaign imagery that so much as hinted at weakness Mr. Trump aides said . Which is why every    snapshot Mr. Trump — Mr. Trump down to Mr. Trump    scowl attached to his Twitter account   —    features a    sourpuss . Mr. Trump Like Churchill , " is what Mr. Trump would tell staffers when asked what look he was going for . Third , diversion is an important motive . Mr. Trump was able to change the subject by Mr. Trump Mr. Obama and floating unsubstantiated theories . At the time of his    tweetstorm , he was trying to divert attention from a fresh embarrassment : Mr. Trump General Jeff Sessions had failed to disclose , during confirmation hearings , Mr. Trump had had contacts with Russia ’s ambassador to the United States . " With almost every barbed , unscripted tweet Mr. Trump he deletes some Mr. Trump his administration wants to tell , " said David Axelrod , one of Mr. Obama ’s top advisers . " He reacts to every Attorney General Jeff Sessions , real or imagined , in Pavlovian fashion . He beats every perceived slight to death and , even when he Mr. Trump won the point Mr. Trump continues beating . " Finally , Mr. Trump has n’t let up because no one can stop him . Mr. Trump the White House , aides describe a nearly paralytic inability to tell Mr. Mr. Trump that he has erred or gone too far on Twitter Mr. Trump On the day Mr. Trump fired off his message about Mr. Mr. Trump tapping " his phones , his chief of staff , Mr. Trump Priebus   —    initially seen by some establishment Republicans as the best bulwark Mr. Trump Trump ’s Mr. Trump behavior   —    told people the White House was convinced that Mr. Trump something there . Mr. Trump problem is that the two advisers who Mr. Trump n’t related Mr. Trump him but are powerful enough to try to change Mr. Trump ’s behavior are mostly disinclined to do so . Mr. Trump strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , a rhetorical bomb thrower himself , counseled Mr. Trump to moderate his behavior at the end of the campaign   —    but he remains the Mr. Trump Wing adviser who most closely shares the president Mr. Trump surveillance . One of the only other people whom Mr. Trump views as a peer is his top economic adviser , Gary Cohn , but Mr. Trump to spend his Mr. Trump on economic issues and climate change . In a recent meeting Mr. Trump the Oval Office , Mr. Cohn was speaking when Mr. Trump interrupted him . " Let me finish , ’’ Mr. Cohn interjected Mr. Trump to a person with knowledge of Mr. Trump interaction . Mr. Trump , unaccustomed to ceding Mr. Trump floor , let Mr. Trump make his point . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Gary Cohn Gary Cohn 