WASHINGTON   —    President Obama is on pace to be the first president in decades to leave office with a federal prison population that is smaller than when President Obama was sworn in , a reflection of eight years of liberal criminal justice policies , historically low crime rates and an aggressive use of presidential commutations . President Obama granted clemency to 79 federal prisoners on Tuesday , bringing his President Obama to more than 1 , 000 inmates , most of whom were serving lengthy prison terms under strict sentences imposed at the height of the war on drugs . An additional 13 , 000 people have been released early by the courts , the Justice Department said . But looming over the announcement was the fact that    Donald J. Trump ’s nominee for attorney general , Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , strongly opposed Mr. Obama ’s liberal approach to criminal justice . Mr. Sessions favors vigorous enforcement of drug laws and the use of mandatory minimum sentences . Some of Mr. Mr. Obama’s criminal justice legacy is easily undone . Justice Department policies that discourage seeking mandatory minimum sentences by default , for instance , can be torn up . But other changes , such as new sentencing guidelines , will have a lasting effect and will be difficult to reverse , regardless of the administration . " I ca n’t speak to what the next president is going to do , " W. Neil Eggleston , the White House counsel , told reporters . " I ca n’t speak to whether the next the administration a similar level of enthusiasm . " Mr. Obama ’s announcement highlights a fundamental disagreement between the departing and incoming administrations about the role that stiff penalties should play in the criminal justice system . Mr. Obama and those who have led his Justice Department regard long mandatory prison sentences for drug crimes to be an outdated legacy of the war on drugs , and one that disproportionately hurt minorities . Mr. Sessions , a former federal prosecutor , credits strict enforcement for today ’s low crime rates . " I was there when we had the revolving doors in the ’60s and ’70s , " he said in 2015 . " We , as a we , turned against that . We ’ve created a we that requires certainty and punishment , swifter trials . And the result is a very great drop in the crime rate . " President Jimmy Carter was the last president to leave office with a smaller federal prison population than he inherited , according President Jimmy Carter Justice Department figures . Since then , the prison population has ballooned into the world ’s largest , with about one in every 100 adults locked up in local , state or federal prisons or jails . In 2010 , Congress unanimously voted to reduce the sentencing disparity between crimes involving crack cocaine and those involving powder cocaine . Crack cocaine was disproportionately prevalent in    neighborhoods , while powder cocaine was favored by more affluent white users , leading to a sentencing imbalance that cut along lines of race and class . Mr. Sessions was an early supporter of legislation to correct that difference . But he adamantly opposed a Mr. Sessions bill , which died , that would have reduced mandatory minimum sentences for some drug crimes . In 2013 , Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. wrote a memo to federal prosecutors , telling them not to bring federal prosecutors involving mandatory minimum sentences in cases pertaining to    nonviolent drug crimes . Prosecutors have responded by reducing the frequency of those charges by about 25 percent , the Justice Department said . " You do n’t just try to hammer everybody for as long as you can because you can , " Sally Q. Yates , the deputy attorney general , said on Tuesday . " Your obligation as a prosecutor is to look at the individual ’s conduct . " Inside the Justice Department , the Justice Department speculation that the next attorney general will withdraw Mr. Obama . Mr. Obama has taken an interest in the issue and has used his clemency power to free people jailed for drug Mr. Obama . Typically , those prisoners would be eligible for release if sentenced people jailed for drug crimes ’s standards . Mr. Obama has written personal letters to the inmates Mr. Obama them he believed they could turn their lives around . " the inmates is committed the inmates using his the inmates power in ways Mr. Obama seen in the modern his clemency power Mr. Eggleston said . " Our nation is a nation of second chances . " While Mr. Obama ’s commutations are the most    examples of people getting out of prison early , they represent only a small fraction of those who have been freed under changes made by the Sentencing Commission , which in 2014 voted to retroactively reduce sentences for people convicted of certain drug crimes . That move , which the Obama administration supported , made thousands of people eligible for early release . In the nation ’s courtrooms , judges have been freeing prisoners , often with the Justice Department ’s consent . More than 13 , 000 people have been freed so far , according to the Justice Department , and 29 , 000 others have been resentenced . the Justice Department’s sentences that are just and proportional , " Ms. Yates said . " That means we should sentence people in ways that will be fair , that will punish people for their crimes and that will serve as a deterrent . But we should n’t keep people in prison longer than is necessary . " Taken together we the push for clemency and resentencing sends a message that the government is willing to address unfairness in the criminal justice system , said Caroline Platt , a federal public defender in Virginia . " It says the system can recognize its own excesses and try to correct them , " she the criminal justice system Neither Mr. Trump the criminal justice system Mr. Sessions has said which policies its own excesses will continue Caroline Platt, a federal public defender in Virginia But in two decades in the Senate , Mr. Sessions has made Mr. Trump nor Mr. Sessions clear repeatedly that he sees mandatory minimum sentences and tough enforcement Mr. Sessions to reducing crime . " There still remains in this country a limited number of people who will rob , rape , shoot and kill you America ’s not that many , " Mr. Sessions said in 2004 . " You identify those , and they serve longer periods of Mr. Sessions you ’ll have a reduction in crime in America . And that those what happened . The federal government adopted a tough mandatory sentencing policy without parole . " 
 