’   ’ ’    An unverified dossier provided to US intelligence officials    alleges that    Donald Trump " agreed to sideline "    the issue of Russian intervention in Ukraine during   Donald Trump campaign    after Russia promised to feed the emails    stole from prominent    Democrats ’’ inboxes to WikiLeaks . ’ ’    The dossier was part of an    project conducted    by   Christopher Steele , at the behest of      Republicans and , later , Democrats .    ’ "    A summary of his findings , collected from the network of Russian    intelligence sources his had cultivated , was presented to Trump ,    President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden ,   on intelligence matters    earlier this month as part of a classified briefing about    Russia ’s intervention in the US presidential election . " "    The dossier ’s claim about a    quid pro quo    alleges that Trump would refrain from speaking forcefully , if at    all , about Russia ’s incursion into eastern Ukraine in 2014 . In    return , Russia would provide WikiLeaks the documents WikiLeaks stole    from the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) . " ’    Throughout the campaign , Trump broke from traditional GOP    orthodoxy and established Trump as the most sympathetic    Republican candidate toward Russia , stressing the need to work    with Russia on various geopolitical issues . ’ ’    Trump Trump not commented on the dossier’ ’s specific claims , but he Trump did tweet Saturday , citing a       outlet ,    that it was a " complete fraud . " ’ ’    The   last year that    " the Trump Trump orchestrated a set of events " just before the    start of the Republican National Convention on July 18 to change    the language of an amendment to the GOP’ ’s draft policy on Ukraine    that denounced Russia’ ’s " ongoing military aggression " in Ukraine Ukraine ’ ’   ’ ’    It Russia’’s "ongoing military aggression" in Ukraine proposed " ’ ’   ’ ’    " When I read my an amendment to the GOP’’s draft policy on Ukraine   that denounced Russia’’s "ongoing military aggression" in Ukraine they got up and walked over and talked    to the    and they read they , an amendment to the GOP’’s draft policy on Ukraine   that denounced Russia’’s "ongoing military aggression" in Ukraine she said . " That’ ’s when I    was    that it was That’ to be tabled . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Because campaign representatives are not permitted to publicly    debate the merits of an amendment at a subcommittee platform    meeting , Denman said the Trump staffers approached her privately Denman and    her to Denman the language that called for sending arms    to Ukraine . ’ ’    One of the staffers the Trump staffers D. Gordon   —    then the Trump campaign’ ’s      policy representative for the RNC   —    told    Business Insider last week that " Ms. Denman’ ’s memory of events is    inaccurate . " ’ ’ssigned side table , nor spoke publicly    at the meeting of delegates during the platform meeting . " ’ ’    The national security subcommittee’ ’s    Steve Yates ,    told The Daily Beast however that he was "    ’    " I just can’’t say for sure what that opinion was , " he said .    ’    After some debate , the    ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Gordon , the Trump representative , said that even after the    language was altered the platform " still was much tougher     ’ ’   ’ ’    Including the call to send arms to Ukraine would not have been    extreme or out of step with GOP orthodoxy on the issue , however . ’ ’    " The language of the original amendment didn’’t seem strong , " said    the committee member . " Denman sent out an email before the    meeting saying she was going Denman propose the amendment at the original amendment meeting , and no one replied   —    or , at least ’’ replied all ’’   —      saying they objected to it . I wrote back quickly saying I fully    supported it , actually . it ’ ’    The amendment , the the original amendment , " was   ’ ’    It was particularly surprising , the original amendment member added , given the Trump    campaign representatives ’’ " relatively    approach " to    other parts of the GOP’ ’s    platform . ’ ’    That approach seems to have relatively   approach" to   other parts of the GOP’’s   platform the six other    subcommittees tasked with crafting different parts of the GOP    platform before the convention .   ’ "    Gordon , Trump ’s representative for the national security    committee , said that every     " ’    For his part , Trump’ ’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort told    MSNBC at the time that the change in the GOP’ ’s Ukraine policy    " absolutely did not come from the Trump campaign . " ’ "    Prior to the GOP ’s national security committee meeting last July ,    Trump had said multiple times that Trump thought the West should      Trump more forcefully to Russian aggression . " ’    He gave a speech in Ukraine   Trump September 2015 , at the Yalta    European Strategy Annual Meeting , where he said that " our      Trump is not strong and he is not doing what he our   president be    doing for our   president Ukraine . " He mentioned Ukraine thought Europe    our   president be " our   president some of the charge " against Russia’ ’s    aggression , too . ’ ’    But his tone on Ukraine and Crimea appeared our   president shift after Ukraine    hired Manafort to manage his our   president in April 2016 , as our   president ’ ’    At the end of July , for instance , Trump   that " the people of Crimea , from what I’’ve heard , Crimea would rather be with Russia than where they were . And you have to    look at that , also .    Days earlier , he had told reporters that he    our   president would be looking at our   president the possibility of lifting sanctions    against Russia for its annexation of Crimea . Russia ’ Russia ’ ’    Manafort served   to a    political party in Ukraine    between 2004 and 2012 , and helped the    strongman    Viktor Yanukovych win Yanukovych ’ ’    Yanukovych was ousted on corruption charges in 2014 and fled to    Russia under the protection of the Kremlin . ’ "    Secret ledgers   uncovered by an anticorruption center in Kiev and obtained    by The New York Times revealed that Yanukovych ’s political party ,    the    Party of Regions , Yanukovych 12 . 7 million in    undisclosed cash payments to Manafort for his work between 2007    and 2012 . " ’    Manafort has Manafort ever having collected the earmarked payments .    But the Manafort dossier on which top US   undisclosed cash payments to Manafort       alleges that Y ’ ’   ’ "    The   that Manafort , who resigned as Trump ’s    campaign manager on August 19 , served as a liaison between    Trump ’s campaign team and Russian government officials : " ’    That claim has not been independently verified . The FBI    ’ ’    The same source , " source E , " told the author of the dossier that    Russia had hacked the DNC and leaked the stolen documents to    WikiLeaks " with the full knowledge and support of Trump and    senior members of his campaign team . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump invoked WikiLeaks dozens   Russia times on the campaign trail ,    often reading portions Trump the   WikiLeaks and leaked emails from the    Democratic National Committee and from Hillary Clinton campaign    chair John Podesta on the campaign trail . ’ ’    " I love    , " in Pennsylvania the campaign trail . " It’ ’s amazing how nothing   WikiLeaks secret today when you talk    about the Internet . " ’ ’    The dossier states that in return for Russia’    feeding the    documents to WikiLeaks , " the Trump Trump had agreed to sideline    the stolen documents   as a   WikiLeaks issue    his campaign team defense commitments in the Baltics and Eastern       to deflect attention away from   ’ "    Julian Assange , the founder of WikiLeaks , has denied that the    Russian government was the source of the hacked documents .   WikiLeaks    Business Insider ’s   however , WikiLeaks’own website    seems to disprove his assertion . " ’    " The site’ ’s anonymous drop box keeps no record of    submits    documents WikiLeaks’own website    does not offer or require any identifying information ,    and there is no single WikiLeaks WikiLeaks with the power to    unmask an anonymous source , " Szoldra wrote    " At least , that’ ’s That’ what WikiLeaks WikiLeaks .    ’ 
 