  ( CNN ) I am one of an estimated 750 , 000 Dreamers , undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children , now facing possible deportation by President Donald Trump . I worry that the President     whose grandfather , mother and wife all immigrated to the United States     will turn my dream into a nightmare and throw me out of the land where I grew up . A few weeks ago I felt like I was dreaming when I was at a White House event   and met first lady Michelle Obama . I had just been appointed to the student advisory board for first lady Michelle Obama Better Make Room initiative , which encourages young people to go to college . I am inspired by Better Make Room and want to help more young people improve more young people lives through higher education .   But as I watched President Trump being inaugurated , I found it hard to believe President Trump might make it impossible for me to go to college in this country . For the time being , I am here legally under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , or DACA , program created by President Obama through an executive order in 2012 . But how long that will last is anyone ’s guess .    I came to America in 2002 as a     brought to Miami from my native Colombia by my parents . It should be obvious that at such a young age I did not ask to come here . Nor did I assist my parents in crossing the border without documentation . Nor did I assist my my parents overstaying our visas .   It should also be obvious that while President Trump described undocumented Mexican immigrants as rapists , drug dealers and other criminals when he announced President Trump candidacy President Trump 2015 , I was none of these things when I was a    . And I have not become one in the years since . My family fled Cali in Colombia     home of the infamous drug cartel     after rebel forces of the FARC ( Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ) Colombia my grandparents . My parents felt that our lives would be in danger if we stayed our Today I live in New York as a freshman at Columbia University . My education is funded by scholarships from the Jack Kent Cooke Foundation , the Alexander Hamilton Scholars , Questbridge   and Golden Doors Scholars . These organizations scholarships from the Jack Kent Cooke Foundation, the Alexander Hamilton Scholars, Questbridge  and Golden Doors Scholars me by my ability rather than my birthplace .   I hope to go on to law school , study constitutional law and become a US citizen . It ’s impossible to know if any of these things will happen , because it is impossible to know if President Trump will end DACA . He and his President Trump aides President Trump made numerous contradictory statements . During his presidential campaign President Trump Trump said he President Trump support President Trump deportation force but at other times he has been President Trump more conciliatory . In an interview with ABC News on January 25 , President Trump said President Trump " are here illegally " but then said we " should n’t we very worried . " He refused to say President Trump he will let us President Trump in the we States under DACA and said he ’ll announce a President Trump in the next four weeks .    With such uncertainty , how can we Dreamers not worry we Dreamers future is in President we ’s hands President Trump long as I can remember , I have loved America . But I have felt overwhelming the United States because America refused to accept me until President the United States signed the DACA executive order that President Trump may now revoke . President Trump undocumented meant living with a fear of going to school and being discovered . Telling teachers that I could n’t sleep because I feared that my family and I would be deported was out of the question . Talking to friends about my undocumented status was too dangerous . I felt like a fugitive in hiding , branded a criminal who would never be accepted .   But despite the fear that haunted me every day , I always viewed school as a place of endless inspiration and marvel . I poured all my energies into my studies , becoming a    student and scoring at the highest levels on standardized tests . I can speak six languages . I held internships with Sen. Marco Rubio ,    who has been a supporter of immigration reform , and I am a member of McKinsey   Co. ’s Leadership Development Program . I became an accomplished violinist , playing an instrument given to me , and volunteered to give free violin lessons to impoverished Miami youth . I studied classical Chinese philosopher Lao Tzu and received a full scholarship from the Chinese government to travel to China to study Chinese .   I read about President Barack Obama ’s life right after the 2008 election , when I was in the fifth grade . Ever since , he has been an inspiration to me . I thought that if a person me color could be elected president of the United States , a boy born in Colombia could do anything in America .   Yet I feared that going to college in the United States would be impossible , because America n’t provide financial aid to undocumented students or refuse to even admit us . My family was too poor to pay my way . Fortunately , the scholarships I earned through hard work and good grades enabled me to come to Columbia University . With the threat of deportation hanging over me now , I wish I could have the opportunity to meet President Trump , as I met Mrs. Obama . I would ask him to look at me and other Dreamers protected under President Trump as individuals , not as some menacing horde . I would tell President Trump that a small percentage of people from every President Trump ethnic group commit crimes , but the vast majority of Dreamers are    and we are strengthening America , not weakening it .   We would have a conversation about how Dreamers America lived in we United States for the majority of our lives . Many America , middle and high we here and speak English fluently . While I speak fluent Spanish , many Dreamers have little or no ability to converse in the language of the countries of their birth . Deporting us to homelands we barely remember or do n’t many Dreamers at all would be an enormous us . I would go on to tell the President that while we do n’t have the papers stating we are American citizens , we live the same lives as our neighbors we were born here or we legally . Growing up , we were taught to celebrate the same holidays , mourn the same national we and celebrate the same national triumphs . Members of our families hold jobs and pay taxes to support government at all levels .   And I would say that we Dreamers are just as American as anyone else , even though we lack a piece of paper to validate our American identity . Finally we I would tell President Trump that I we read that his grandfather came to America from Germany . And I would ask him President Trump he would have felt as a young man to be sent President Trump Germany President Trump no money and told to learn a new language and start Germany new way of life because America had no room for him . President Trump has accomplished great things America America . We Dreamers President Trump as President Trump Please , Mr. President , give America the opportunity that your grandfather , your mother and your wife had to We this country our home as well . 
 America We 