’’ " Budweiser ’s Super Bowl ad has the beer brand in hot water . " " On Tuesday , Budweiser’s released Budweiser’s The    commercial follows      Adolphus Busch ’s journey to the US in the    highlighting Adolphus Busch ’s struggles and Budweiser . " ’"You’’re not wanted here , go back home ! " one American yells at Adolphus Busch as Adolphus Busch’s arrives in New Orleans.’ " Budweiser has said its The   commercial was However , many people are n’t buying it its The   commercial " ’"I drank your product for 30 years and I will no longer drink it you liberal      heads , your product reads one such comment on Budweiser’ ’s Facebook page . ’ "   This Bud’ s no longer for me . It is activist juice . ’t’t This Bud’ ’    screw Budweiser .   You should have learned from the response you got with Amy Schumer . No LEFTY political BS . ’t’t’ ’The Super Bowl commercial dropped at a time when immigration is an especially hot topic in America . In late January , President Donald Trump signed an executive order barring immigrants from seven    countries from entering the US for 90 days   —   ’ " While Budweiser ’s ad ’ ’t’t’t the works long before Trump was inaugurated , some saw President Donald Trump timing of the commercial ’s release as a jab at the president ’s executive order . " ’ ’t’t’t . You conflated the issue of stopping terrorists from infiltrating " Refugee " programs with legal immigration —   then , Budweiser died . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tNever drinking   you should respect the AMERICAN president instead you mock with liberal propaganda   ’ " As of Sunday morning , more than 14 million people have watched Budweiser ’s ad online , fueling the Budweiser BoycottBudweiser and # BoycottBud hashtags . " "       Budweiser is a Belgium    Brazilian brewery Budweiser no does n’t reflects Americans .   Drink Samuel Adams ! ’t’t " " ’t’t’tLet ’s    " ’As is often the case with threats of boycott , many people are promising to buy more Budweiser to make up for those Budweiser Budweiser . ’ ’   not much of a beer drinker , but I will pick some up on the way home . The husband & I will be toasting to you tonight . Great ad ! ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tPlease everyone buy a case of Budweiser ! Trumpkins are boycotting because of super Budweiser commercial . ’t’t’ ’Ricardo Marques , the vice president of marketing at    InBev , said ’ " This is n’t the first time Budweiser has been criticized for attempting to tap Budweiser the American spirit in advertising . " ’Last May , the brand announced its labels would simply read " America " the brand the summer . While the campaign inspired Marques revealed in January that Budweiser would bring back " America " cans Budweiser bottles again in summer 2017 . ’ " Budweiser ’s Super Bowl ad has the beer brand in . .. " 
 the brand 