  ( CNN ) The US airstrike on Syria ’s Shayrat airbase Friday destroyed about 20 % of Syria ’s operational aircraft , Secretary of Defense James Mattis claimed in a statement Monday . " The Syrian Syria the ability to refuel or rearm aircraft at Shayrat airfield and at this point , use of the runway is of idle military interest , " Mattis said , describing Secretary of Defense James Mattis strike as a " measured response . " The updated assessment was released after US President Trump asked Mattis for more information Secretary of Defense James Mattis the extent of the damage to the airbase , according to a senior administration official . The US fired 59 Tomahawk missiles at the Syrian airbase after the airbase people were killed , including children , in chemical weapons attack in Idlib province . " The Syrian government would be    ever again to use chemical weapons , " Mattis said . The US blames Syrian President Bashar The US the carnage , but the Syrian military denies responsibility for the attack . US officials originally said chemical weapons attack in Idlib province the 59 missiles fired Friday had " severely degraded or destroyed " their original target , including 20 planes which US officials said were taken out in the strike US officials On Friday , Russia ’s Defense Ministry said in Friday statement only 23 of the US missiles made it to the airbase , blowing up just a statement    planes . Military flights from the Shayrat airbase resumed over the weekend , the airbase Syrian state media outlets and an opposition group . Defense analysts IHS Jane ’s estimate the Syrian airforce has about 262 strike aircraft , although the company admits this may be an imperfect number due the Syrian airforce ongoing war . Confusion over US barrel bomb remarks , The Trump White House ’s future policy on Syria is still unclear after conflicting statements by press secretary Sean Spicer , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Spicer would respond to any use of barrel bombs against civilians by Assad ’s government . " If you gas a baby , if you put a barrel bombing to innocent people , I think you can see a response from this president . That ’s unacceptable , " Spicer said . Assad ’s regime is accused of regularly using barrel bombs against civilians , making Spicer ’s comments potentially a bold new line Spicer the sand Assad’s Trump administration . But multiple White House officials quickly clarified Spicer ’s Spicer the briefing , implying that the press secretary had misspoken . " ( Spicer ) did not signal a change in administration Spicer " an official said . Tillerson , Haley clash over Assad ’s future , Meanwhile Tillerson and Haley have made differing statements on how the US plans to deal with Syrian leader Assad . Tillerson , who is currently in Italy for the Tillerson, Haley G7 foreign ministers’ meeting , said Monday the US would take a stand against Assad committed atrocities on innocent people . " We will rededicate ourselves to holding to account any and all who commit the US innocents anywhere in the world , " he said , speaking at an Italian war memorial the US But he the US stopped short of calling for Assad ’s removal from office . During an interview on CBS Sunday , he said destroying ISIS was Trump ’s top priority . " he think the President has been quite clear . First and foremost , we must defeat ISIS , " he he , when asked about the possibility of deposing Assad . In comparison Assad told CNN Sunday that removing Assad was a US priority and inevitable . ISIS If he look at his actions , if you look at the Assad , it ’s going to be hard Sunday see a Assad that ’s peaceful and stable with Assad , " she said . Assad Assad Haley 