Washington ( CNN ) Rep. Jerrold Nadler said in an interview Friday that President Donald Trump ’s dismissal of FBI Director James Comey and subsequent tweet that FBI Director James Comey " better hope " their conversations were n’t taped add up to a " strong case " that President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice . The New York Democrat ’s comments come after news reports that President Donald Trump requested FBI Director James Comey pledge FBI Director James Comey loyalty to the President at a dinner shortly after President Donald Trump took office . Nadler ’s remarks also follow the President ’s comment in an interview with NBC ’s Lester Holt on Thursday that the President’s considered the FBI ’s investigation of alleged collusion between President Donald Trump campaign aides and Russian officials in the President’s decision to fire the FBI director . " Asking for loyalty of the FBI , which is supposed to be independent     especially when the President’s just admitted the President’s was thinking of firing the President’s essentially because of the Russian investigation     those two things combined make a very strong case for the President’s having committed an obstruction of justice and that ’s got to be investigated , " Nadler said on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront . " On Friday , Trump tweeted : " James the President’s hope that there are no ’tapes’ of our conversations before he starts the President’s to the press . " The President the President’s for dismissing Comey , which Trump told NBC Trump was something he had been the President’s to do before it was recommended NBC News his attorney general the President’s deputy attorney general , " raises a very serious concern about obstruction of justice , about obstructing that investigation , " Nadler said . Other US officials , including prominent GOP lawmakers such as Sen. John McCain , have said they were " Other US officials, including prominent GOP lawmakers such as Sen. John McCain " by Trump ’s abrupt firing of Comey   . Many Democratic lawmakers are calling for the appointment of a special prosecutor to take Comey ’s place leading the probe . When he fired Comey Comey this Comey , Trump garnered comparisons Trump President Richard Nixon and his infamous decision Comey remove the special prosecutor investigating Watergate crimes in 1973 .   Earlier Friday , Democratic Reps . Elijah Cummings and John Conyers , the respective ranking members of the House oversight and judiciary committees , requested from White House counsel House copies of all recordings between Trump and Comey .   In a letter , the two lawmakers also said Trump ’s actions " Trump specter of possible intimidation and obstruction of justice . " Still , Nadler said on CNN that it ’s still " too early " to talk about impeachment as an avenue Democrats would pursue . On Wednesday , Sen. Richard Blumenthal said on " Anderson Cooper 360 " that impeachment proceedings are a possibility , but he agreed that that would Sen. Richard Blumenthal a ways down the road .    " It may well produce impeachment proceedings , although we ’re very far from that possibility , " the Connecticut Democrat said . Like some lawmakers , including California Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein , Nadler said he believes that if Trump Nadler record conversations with Comey , which the President ’s tweet suggested he did , then those Nadler would be government property . " I do n’t know whether he taped those conversations , Nadler Nadler said . " But Nadler he did , the Nixon Nadler precedent says those tapes are the property of the government , must not be destroyed and should be turned over . " 
 