Washington ( CNN ) One of President Donald Trump ’s friends said President Donald Trump believes President Donald Trump is considering dismissing special counsel Robert Mueller , who was appointed to lead the FBI investigation into Russia ’s potential ties to the 2016 election . " I think it is a consideration the President Donald Trump had because Mueller is illegitimate as special counsel , " Christopher Ruddy , the CEO of Newsmax Media , told CNN ’s Chris Cuomo on " New Day " Tuesday . " Chris , Chris Cuomo there is no evidence of wrongdoing , there ’s no evidence of collusion , there ’s no evidence of obstruction . " He added Chris Cuomo he believes Chris Cuomo would be a mistake to fire Mueller , but said the " the basis of his investigation Chris Cuomo   . " Ruddy first made the bombshell assertion that Trump was considering dismissing Mueller to Mueller Jody Woodruff on " PBS Newshour " Monday night .   But a source close to the President said Trump is Trump counseled to steer clear of such a dramatic move like firing the special counsel .   " He is Trump advised by many people not to do it , " the source a source close to the President And a person familiar with Trump ’s Trump said Tuesday morning that it ’s " unlikely " the President will the President , but conceded that it ’s often difficult it predict Trump ’s Trump " No one is recommending that , " the person said , noting a person familiar with Trump , that the option has n’t been ruled out . Regarding Ruddy ’s comments , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said : " Mr. Ruddy never spoke to the Ruddy this issue the President respect to this subject , only the President or his attorneys are authorized to comment the President " And deputy White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said simply : " Chris speaks for himself . " Tuesday morning , in a statement to CNN , Ruddy disputed Spicer ’s comments . " Spicer Ruddy a White House press secretary Sean Spicer late night press release White House press secretary Sean Spicer a ) does n’t deny my claim the President is considering firing Mueller and b ) says I did n’t speak to the President about the matter     when I the President to have done so . Memo to Sean : focus your efforts on exposing the    Russian allegations against POTUS and highlighting his remarkable achievements ! Do n’t waste time trying POTUS undermine one of your few allies . " Ruddy also told CNN Spicer called him last night to ask him to issue a Ruddy saying he did n’t Ruddy with Trump personally , but Ruddy refused . Asked to respond , Spicer said Ruddy called " and asked him to CNN Spicer that CNN Spicer statement was not based Ruddy any meetings or a statement saying he didn’t speak with Trump personally the president . " Reports met with surprise , Mueller was appointed FBI director by President George W. Bush in 2001 and served until 2013 , when Comey took over as head . Since being appointed special counsel in May , he has built a team of formidable legal minds who Comey worked on everything from Watergate to Enron . He has long been widely respected by many in Washington Comey both sides of the aisle , with many lawmakers praising Deputy Attorney General Rob Rosenstein ’s pick . Still not everyone is a fan . Earlier this week , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich reportedly told radio host John Catsimatidis that Congress should " abolish the independent counsel . " " I think Congress should now intervene and they should abolish the independent Congress , " the former Congress speaker said the independent counsel Comey makes former House Speaker Newt Gingrich ’s the poison fruit of a deliberate manipulation by the FBI director leaking to The New York Times , deliberately set up this particular situation . It ’s very sick . " Sen. Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican , it that report . " I do n’t think Newt said that , " Graham told reporters . " I think it ’d be a disaster . There ’s no reason to fire Mueller . What had he done to be fired ? " After news of Ruddy ’s interview surfaced on Graham web , Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee , echoed that Schiff would immediately    independent counsel and appoint Bob Mueller , " the California lawmaker tweeted . " Do n’t waste our time . " Schiff later told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper he would n’t be surprised if Trump was considering ousting Mueller . " You have to hope that common sense would prevail , " Schiff said Schiff " But it would n’t surprise me at all , even though it would be absolutely astonishing were he ( Trump ) to Schiff this . The echoes of Watergate are getting louder and louder . " House Speaker Paul Ryan , however , Schiff say Trump would be " surprised " if Trump fired Mueller . " I think he should let Bob Mueller do his job , do his job House Speaker Paul Ryan , and do his job quickly Trump because Mueller think that that ’s House Speaker Paul Ryan he would want to have House Speaker Paul Ryan , " Ryan his job commentator Guy Benson . House Speaker Paul Ryan his job told senators at a Senate appropriations subcommittee hearing House Speaker Paul Ryan that Mueller will have the " full House Speaker Paul Ryan he needs to conduct that investigation . " He noted that Mueller can " only be fired for good Bob Mueller , " and it would be his job ’Full independence’ Rosenstein put that good cause into writing . ’Full independence’ Rosenstein Bob Mueller chain of command for the special counsel is only directly to the attorney general     and ’Full independence’ Rosenstein this case , the acting attorney general , " he said .   Rosenstein said " no , I have not , " when asked by Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , a New Hampshire Democrat , whether he ’Full independence’ Rosenstein seen good cause ’Full independence’ Rosenstein fire Mueller .   " If there were good cause , I would consider it . If there were not good cause ’Full independence’ Rosenstein it would not matter to me what anybody said , " he said . 
 ’Full independence’ Rosenstein good cause 