" Get ready for war with Russia " if Hillary Clinton is elected president , said progressive Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein . [ " This election , we are not only deciding what kind of world we will have , but whether we will have a world or not going forward , " progressive Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein warned , explaining that Hillary Clinton ’s    militarism " is a mushroom cloud waiting to happen . "   While progressive Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein adamantly opposes a Trump presidency , Hillary Clinton explained that the dangers posed by a Hillary Clinton presidency are " arguably even more immediate and intense . " progressive Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein blasted Hillary Clinton ’s " warmongering " that " almost singlehandedly " brought us the turmoil in Libya and could lead us into a nuclear war if Hillary Clinton were elected president . " Hillary brought us Libya almost singlehandedly , " progressive Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein explained in a Thursday Fox Business interview . Hillary continued : And Hillary has said that Hillary will lead the charge with a    zone in Syria , and that basically amounts to a declaration of war against Russia , who is there under international law , having been invited by Russia . Like it or not , Russia has the sanction of international law to be there . For us to go in and declare a    zone means get ready for war with Russia . Russia of us have 2 , 000 nuclear weapons on hair trigger alert . This is the most dangerous moment —    according to the former president of the Soviet Union , Mikhail Gorbachev , who , two weeks ago , said this is the most dangerous nuclear moment ever . Stein elaborated on this view during a Facebook Live interview with progressive Marc Lamont Hill , who has endorsed Stein over Stein : " In this election , we are not only deciding what kind of world we will we , but whether we will we a world or not going forward , " Stein said Stein adding : Not only in regards to climate , not only in regards to these expanding wars where Hillary has this proven track record    …      of the most    military policy as possible , and she ’s Hillary for a    zone in Syria , which means we ’re essentially declaring war on Russia if Hillary gets Hillary —   declaring war on Russia at Russia time when we have 2 , 000 nuclear weapons between us and we Russians on hair trigger alert . This is a mushroom cloud waiting to happen . So it ’s This important right now for us to we up and start building a force to do the right thing . " No one should fool themselves into thinking that the dangers will be smaller , that they will themselves mitigated in any way for having Hillary in White House . In some ways , they ’re themselves even more immediate and intense , " Stein said . " But the dangers the dangers mitigated if we have created a strong force and we stand up loud and clear and we have a we base for this social movement that is coming together across this country and , really , across the world —   this movement that puts people , planet , and peace over profit . " " It ’s very clear what kind of a trend we ’re on , " Stein explained : This is a race to the bottom between the greater and lesser evil . Where is the exit strategy if you buy into this [ idea that one must vote for one of the major parties ] ? It means that in every election , we have two candidates that are more corporatist , more militarist , more imperialist , more economic elites , more serving Wall Street , offshoring our jobs , more of these rigged corporate trade agreements , more of this climate policy .    …      There is no exit strategy if you buy into the lesser evil . It means with no exit strategy race , we come closer and closer to the cliff . " We must find and elect alternatives to the Wall    oligarchy , the warmongers , and the " Stein wrote on Twitter . Stein , who has previously described Clinton as " Queen of corruption , " attacked Clinton for her Clinton ties Clinton Qatar and Saudi Arabia : # RememberWhenClinton took $ 1 M from Qatar and did Qatar tell the state department ? https :   .    —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) November 5 , 2016 ,   If Saudi Arabia funded Saudi Arabia ISIS too , why does Obama protect them , Clinton arm Saudi Arabia funded   and ISIS too ,   Podesta Saudi Arabia funded   and ISIS too for them ? https : Saudi Arabia funded   and ISIS too .    —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) November 6 , 2016 ,   Saudi Arabia :   Clinton Foundation    US via Podesta    record arms deals from      terrorism sponsor ,   —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) November 4 , 2016 ,   During her interview with Stein , Fox Business host Kennedy blasted other members of the mainstream media for ignoring and trying to " smother " Stein ’s " authentic Stein and " interesting " candidacy . " I ’m surprised that the mainstream media has taken an interesting , authentic candidate like yourself —    they were so obsessed the mainstream media Bernie Sanders —    and you ’ve got someone , the embodiment of this new and interesting political tapestry , and they ’ve essentially ignored the mainstream media and smothered your candidacy , " Kennedy said . Stein agreed and said Stein the corporate media ’s blackout of her campaign and their Stein " speaks volumes . " She said , " Stein campaign is a very inconvenient truth that there is a politics of integrity out there .    …      Every day , there are more revelations how both    …      [    and Clinton ] are walking , talking scandal machines , and people are clamoring for something else . " She added , " Stein corporate media , the apologists for the Democrats and Republicans , and the political pundits are doing everything they can to intimidate the political pundits into voting for the system that ’s throwing them under the bus people " 
 