It has been three weeks since Democrats gathered for Democrats convention , and Hillary Clinton still holds a large and consistent lead in national and battleground state polls . Hillary Clinton national lead over Donald J. Trump of seven to eight percentage points could slip a bit over the next few weeks . But it has been long enough that much of Hillary Clinton expected convention " bounce " should have faded . it leaves Donald J. Trump in an unenviable position : No modern candidate who has trailed by this much a few weeks after the conventions has gone on to win the presidency . On that basis , you can expect a wave of articles about how the presidential race is basically " over . " That ’s probably a bit too strong , at least from a historical point of view . The Upshot ’s model gives Mrs. Clinton an 88 percent chance of winning . It ’s about the same probability of hitting a field goal from the    line . That ’s a pretty good way to think about it . If Mrs. Mrs. Clinton wins , we will probably look back and say she had Mrs. Clinton or less already won it by Mrs. Clinton ultimately wins point . If she loses Mrs. Clinton these next two months will be talked about for decades . The      analogy has one big weakness : She may Mrs. Clinton this by a lot more than a field goal . The possibility of a landslide victory for Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton one larger than any since 1984 in the national popular vote   —    is larger than the chance that Mr. Trump will pull it out . According to The Upshot model , Mrs. Clinton has a Mrs. Clinton at winning the red state of South Carolina than Mr. Trump has at winning Mr. Trump . In that sense , perhaps Mrs. Clinton ’s position is Mrs. Clinton a    lead at the beginning of the third quarter . At this point , it ’s probably fair to say that Mrs. Clinton ’s lead is real and Mrs. Clinton Gallup data indicates that the    bounce is largely over : Both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton ’s favorability ratings have returned to Mrs. Clinton were before the conventions . Mrs. Clinton ’s gains Both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton’s favorability ratings proved relatively durable in Mrs. Clinton they ’ve come from    voters who seem unlikely to defect Both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton’s favorability ratings Mr. Trump . Recent polls have shown her with the support of up to 90 percent of Mrs. Clinton Sanders ’s supporters , and more than 90 percent of Democrats . There is one key respect in which Mrs. Clinton ’s big lead does n’t look so durable Mrs. Clinton least in historical terms : She holds only around 48 percent of the vote , and Mrs. Clinton a commanding lead only because Mr. Trump is stuck around 40 percent . In today ’s polarized electorate , he can be polling so low only because he has n’t unified Mr. Trump who traditionally lean Republican in presidential elections Mr. Trump Astonishingly , several surveys have shown Mr. Trump with less than 70 percent of    Republican voters . Mr. Trump of disunity is the basic story behind two of the biggest    comebacks in modern history , Hubert Humphrey ’s late surge in 1968 and Gerald Ford ’s in 1976 . Both candidates had divisive conventions , and they left without fully unified parties . Both trailed by double digits in Both candidates and September polls , often with Both candidates than 35 percent of the vote . But in the end , the Republican faithful returned to Mr. Ford , and most Northern Democrats returned to Mr. Humphrey . Mr. Gerald Ford by just two percentage points , and Mr. Humphrey by less Gerald Ford point . The elections ended up as two of Mr. Humphrey closest presidential contests of the 20th century . If you ’re a fan of Mr. Trump looking for hope and a relevant precedent for a comeback , this is my best comparison . No , Mr. Humphrey and Mr. Ford did n’t win . But clearly they could have . The problem , though , is that there are unusually good reasons Mr. Humphrey and Mr. Ford question whether Mr. Trump will ever reunify    voters . Many Republican voters have an unfavorable impression of Mr. Trump —    worse still , many do n’t even think he has the knowledge , Mr. Trump or qualifications to be president , according to polling . The Mr. Trump obvious sign that this year is different is the behavior of Republican politicians : Seven Senate Republicans have not yet endorsed Mr. Trump . This is highly unusual . It ’s also a problem that could get worse . More Republicans could abandon him , especially This his big deficit in the polls holds , perhaps making it even more Mr. Trump for Republican voters Mr. Trump follow suit . None of this information is incorporated into the statistical models used by The Upshot or other sites , like FiveThirtyEight . To extend the football analogy , the model has no idea whether the quarterback of the trailing team is Peyton Manning or Ryan Leaf . If Mr. Trump ca n’t reunify    voters , Mrs. Clinton really could win in a landslide . Perhaps many Republicans would skip the presidential race on the ballot , vote for a    candidate , or even stay home . A small but important number would vote for Mrs. Clinton . Maybe she could win by something like 54 to 42 , and squeak out Mrs. Clinton in South Carolina Mrs. Clinton But if Mr. Trump could make progress in reunifying Republicans , Mrs. Clinton would quickly find herself in a tighter race . She would still have the advantage   Mrs. Clinton that 48 percent she Mrs. Clinton holds in the polls does Mrs. Clinton leave Mr. Trump very much room . To squeak out a Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump would need to win over Mr. Trump    voters , particularly white men without a degree , to Mr. Trump his weakness among    voters and Hispanic    and especially    women . This is what the polls showed when Mr. Mr. Trump was in a close race or even ahead   —    as was the case the polls or in Mr. Trump . Historically , neither a Clinton landslide nor a close Trump win can be ruled out with    days to go . Then again , historically   —    based on    Mr. Trump like the " time for a change " theory of presidential elections   —    one would expect the Republicans to be    or even slight favorites to win this election . They are not favored anymore , in no small part because Mr. Trump has been performing a lot more like Mr. Leaf than the Republicans Manning . If he keeps doing so over these Mr. Trump , he could close off what few opportunities he might have left . 
 Mr. Manning Mr. Manning Mr. Manning 