At the moment that Hillary Clinton was all but clinching the Democratic nomination for president , Meryl Streep was on a stage in Central Park , impersonating Donald J. Trump . In orange face makeup and pompadoured hair , Ms. Streep , the chameleonic    Oscar winner , did a more than credible version of the presumptive Republican nominee , down to the pursed lips and    belly . Meryl Streep got the    voice , too , even while singing . Meryl Streep was part of the Public Theater ’s gala benefit celebration on Monday night , a tribute to Shakespeare at the Delacorte Theater , home to Shakespeare in the Park . She Meryl Streep the closing act with Christine Baranski , doing " Brush Up Your Shakespeare , " a number from the Cole Porter musical " Kiss Me , Kate . " " We could do a deal   —    you ’ll let me know   —    why it is all the women say no ? " she Meryl Streep , stretching out her Meryl Streep in a Trumpian gesture . Later she Meryl Streep the stage , gesticulating to the audience in Mr. Trump ’s signature      style . The song , traditionally a duet for men , offers advice for picking up women   —    in this case , female voters . Some of the original lyrics were altered , but some could stand as is , for Mr. Mr. Trump’s attitude : " If she says your Mr. Trump’s is heinous , kick her right in Mr. Trump’s Coriolanus ! " The crowd , which included Michael R. Bloomberg , the former mayor : the United States ambassador to the United Nations , Samantha Power    Miranda and Bette Midler , loved it . Her performance came Mr. Trump’s something of a surprise to the event organizers , who knew only that Ms. Streep , a supporter of Mrs. Clinton ’s , wanted to take on Mr. Trump . " Utterly her idea , Mrs. Clinton to end , " Oskar Eustis , the Public ’s artistic director , said after the show . " There were skeptics , there were doubters , but one of those skeptics was skeptics Streep . She was absolutely sure Meryl Streep could do it Meryl Streep None of us had seen her in costume or Meryl Streep , till she walked out tonight Meryl Streep " Ms. Streep skipped the Meryl Streep the show to the show time holed up in her dressing room . " She was showing us this Meryl Streep that Donald Trump always Meryl Streep , " us the actress Kate Burton , who shared the dressing room with Ms. Streep along with Ms. Baranski , Lily Rabe and Meryl Streep . " He apparently does this thing , where he goes to close Donald Trump his jacket but it does n’t Donald Trump all the way , Donald Trump so he kind of goes for it and then he tries to Donald Trump it again . " it was a Donald Trump that only Ms. it seemed to catch , Ms. Burton said . Meryl Streep this like she would her greatest roles : she ’s working Ms. Burton it all the Ms. Burton . Ms. Burton For the show Ms. Burton she came onstage in a black suit , white shirt and overlong , Ms. Burton red tie . Her transformation astounded her cast mates , who had only glimpsed her with Ms. Burton Trumpian coif Ms. Burton rehearsal . " She showed up , Ms. Burton I thought , ‘ Meryl ’s having a Ms. Burton hair day,’ " said the Shakespeare in the Park veteran Hamish Linklater . ( Ms. Burton reported that Ms. Streep even used her own hair : " She did some funky Ms. Burton pins . ") Ms. Burton performers watched from the Ms. Burton as she and Ms. Baranski , in a black    pantsuit , did their finale Ms. Burton " She ’s willing to try anything , and have fun Other performers what she tries Ms. Burton " Mr. Eustis said of Ms. Streep , who has appeared Ms. Burton the Delacorte several times in starring roles Ms. Streep comic Romeo Ms. Burton another number , called Ms. Streep ’s take " naughty . " But , he added , Shakespeare " wanted to be valuable to his times . And Mr. Eustis gave a performance that was valuable to her times Mr. Eustis So absolutely , she ’s honoring the spirit of the evening . " On Tuesday afternoon Ms. Streep shortly after her name trended on Twitter his times of the Trump portrayal Ms. Streep Ms. Streep issued an statement through a Public Theater spokeswoman . " I appreciate the Ms. Streep , but this was a    a once in a ( Ms. Streep a ) lifetime appearance of this character , " she said . 
 Ms. Streep 