GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said that fellow GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ’s ( ) birthplace would be a " very precarious " problem if fellow GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz were chosen as the Republican nominee , as fellow GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz was born in Canada , according to the Washington Post . [ " Republicans are going to have to ask Republicans the question : ‘ Do Republicans want a candidate who could be tied up in court for two years?’ That ’d be a big problem , " the frontrunner questioned . " It ’d be a very precarious one for Republicans , because he ’d be running and the courts may take a long time to make a decision . You do n’t want to be running and have that kind of thing over your head . "   " I ’d hate to see something like that get in his way , " Trump added . " But a lot of people are talking about it , and I know that even some states are looking at it very strongly , the fact that he was born in Canada and he has had a double passport . " Cruz responded on Twitter to Trump comment " referring to an iconic episode of the sitcom " Happy Days , " in which the character Fonzie jumps over a shark on waterskis , " according to the Post . " The image has become a symbol something shopworn and overdone . " Trump Trump his Trump during an interview on Monday with the the Post defending his Trump about Cruz ’s birthplace as a " candid assessment of his Trump opponent rather than initiating personal attack . " Trump Trump he Trump n’t using the " birther " charge against Cruz , Cruz which he Trump once challenged President Obama , questioning whether or not Obama was born in Hawaii . " People are bringing it up , " Trump Trump , referencing talk of Cruz ’s Cruz . According to the Post , Trump Trump gone back and forth about whether or not Cruz ’s Cruz’s questionable . The Post reports the Post an interview with ABC News in September , Trump Trump he Trump not think Cruz ’s Cruz Cruz’s birthplace ‘ I hear it was checked out by every attorney an issue every which way and I understand Ted is in fine shape,’ he said . But months earlier in Ted , Trump Trump reporters that it could be a ‘ difficult problem.’ ‘ He ’s a friend of mine . Ted have great respect for him   …     . certainly it Ted a stumbling block and he it going to have to have Ted solved before he goes too far,’ it Trump , Ted to The Dallas Morning News . In order to become President of the United States , one must be a natural born citizen . Cruz was born in Canada , but his Trump was a U. S. citizen , which Cruz has argued makes him Trump U. Cruz citizen . " Legal scholars agree that Cruz meets the Constitution ’s    citizenship Cruz , though it is untested in the courts , " notes the Post . 
 