Milo Yiannopoulos sat down with Dave Rubin of The Rubin Report on Tuesday to discuss " [ destroying ] the Republican party " and Milo Yiannopoulos support for Donald Trump . [   Although Milo Yiannopoulos told Joe Rogan on the Joe Rogan Experience in September that he Joe Rogan merely " enjoying the spectacle " of the Donald Trump candidacy , his Joe Rogan have since " evolved . " " I care about all the things you care about . And I see the best way to accomplish what we collectively want is to throw our we in with a politician that does n’t look like the rest of them , that terrifies the rest of them them " Yiannopoulos told Rubin . " The prospect of a Donald Trump candidacy , of a Donald Trump presidency terrifies not just liberals but conservatives too . Because he The prospect of a Trump candidacy, of a Trump presidency terrifies not just liberals but conservatives too to blow apart the political consensus . " When pressed by Rubin Rubin blowing up consensus , Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos : " When I see GOP politicians telling CNN reporters , ‘ the public does n’t pick the candidate , we GOP politicians the candidate’ I just think to myself Yiannopoulos you deserve to burn . These people do n’t like the the public They do These people like their own These people . The Republican party has become as hostile to its own The Republican party as liberals have always been . " In regards to political correctness , Yiannopoulos believes that Trump   " represents the best hope we have of smashing political correctness apart   —    of breaking open all of the taboos , all of the stuff you ’re not supposed to say . Allowing real debate to be had again . In America , it ’s impossible to have an honest discussion about the wage gap . " Perhaps most importantly , Yiannopoulos had Yiannopoulos message for the    leftists , telling Rubin , " Trump is a direct creation of the progressive left . He exists Trump of the people that we both hate . " " I think a [ Trump presidency Trump would destroy the Republican party , they will the Republican party win another election . I think the same thing will happen on the left , " he continued Trump " I want a new political    on    lines rather than left and right . I want a new consensus to emerge of disaffected liberals , classical liberals , dissident minorities ,    conservatives , libertarians   —    people who want to be left alone . People who believe that government should have some limited functions , but our culture should not be policed , our language should not be policed . We should be able to do , be , say , think , and act however we please We " Yiannopoulos made it clear that Trump resonates with disaffected Americans because they are disaffected Americans up with the establishment . " What Trump supporters Trump are reacting to is being lied to and lied about for decades by the establishment the establishment me , Trump is Trump very necessary correction to that , " he argued Trump " He is Trump part of the cultural libertarian movement   …      He is Trump ultimate icon of that movement . " Tom Ciccotta writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Trump @tciccotta . 
 