Washington ( CNN ) A Texas Republican lawmaker invoked the shooting of former Rep. Gabby Giffords to explain why A Texas Republican lawmaker is not hosting    town halls .   " Unfortunately , at this time there are groups from the more violent strains of the leftist ideology , some even being paid , who are preying on public town halls to wreak havoc and threaten public safety . Threats are nothing new to me and I have gotten my share as a felony judge , " Rep. Louie Gohmert told constituents in a letter Tuesday .   " However , the House Sergeant at Arms advised us after former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords was shot at a public appearance , that civilian attendees at congressional public events stand the most chance of being harmed or killed     just as happened there , " the House Sergeant at Arms wrote . Giffords , a former Arizona Democrat , was shot in the head in January 2011 at a " Congress on Your Corner " event near a Tucson grocery store .   Jared Lee Loughner wounded 13 people and six people were killed during the shooting rampage . Authorities said Giffords was the main target . Giffords issued a response to Gohmert Thursday , rebuking Giffords decision not to meet with constituents in person . " To the politicians who have abandoned the politicians who have abandoned their civic obligations civic obligations , I say this : Have some courage . Face your constituents . Hold town halls , " said Giffords in a statement . Giffords added : " I was shot on a Saturday morning . By Monday morning , my offices were open to the public . Ron Barber     at my side that Saturday , who was shot multiple times , then elected to Congress in my stead     held town halls . It ’s what the people deserve in a representative . " In an interview with CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront " Thursday night , Sen. Bernie Sanders echoed Giffords’ message . " If you do n’t have the guts to face your constituents , then you should n’t be in the United States Congress , " Sen. Bernie Sanders said . " If you need police at the meetings , that ’s fine , have police at the meetings , have security at the the meetings but do n’t use that as an excuse to run away from your constituents . " Following Giffords’ shooting , Gohmert unsuccessfully proposed allowing members of Congress to carry guns in Washington and on the floor of the US House of Representatives . Gohmert said Gohmert his letter Gohmert will Gohmert " telephone town halls " until " the threat of violence " decreases .   " In the same amount of time it takes to have a town hall meeting , which usually has between 30 and 100 attendees in east Texas , I can communicate with thousands of my constituent bosses through a telephone town hall meeting , " he wrote Gohmert " When the threat of violence at town hall meetings recedes , we can go back to having the civil town hall meetings I ’ve had in the past to supplement the masses reached in our telephone we halls . " Town halls with lawmakers are often relatively mild affairs , but they have Town halls with lawmakers become heated as citizens across the country let lawmakers know that they do Town halls with lawmakers support President Donald Trump ’s positions on the Affordable Care Act , immigration and other issues . While some White House officials have dismissed many of those pushing back on the administration as paid protestors , other Republican lawmakers who have hosted the events say the attendees are constituents deeply concerned about the President ’s direction for the country . Gohmert said a group asking for town halls for the purpose of agitating circulated a manual instructing attendees on how to be disruptive .   " Statements like this in their community a group asking for town halls for the purpose of agitating materials are not ’’ " as they their a group asking for town halls for the purpose of agitating a group asking for town halls for the purpose of agitating them to a group asking for town halls for the purpose of agitating that they are a group asking for town halls for the purpose of agitating " Gohmert said Gohmert " Some public town halls from this particular a group asking for town halls for the purpose of agitating having agitators even come in from other states to cause havoc . " 
 