Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump suggested President Donald Trump    border wall could be covered in solar panels in a meeting with congressional leaders , according to sources familiar with the conversation . President Donald Trump had convened Republican leaders at the White House for a conversation about Republican leaders legislative agenda , largely on health care and the debt ceiling .   But during a meeting with congressional leaders President Donald Trump also suggested his   border wall could be built with solar panels as a way to pay for it , his   border wall to sources familiar with the conversation . the conversation and Politico were first to report the President ’s comments .   President Donald Trump was meeting with House Speaker Paul Ryan , Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , Whip Steve Scalise and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Whip John Cornyn .   In a joint statement , McConnell and Ryan called the meeting " good , productive " and " focused on . .. how we can accomplish our McConnell and Ryan . " McConnell and Ryan Trump repeatedly promised a wall along the entire southern border during the campaign     paid for by Mexico , he said     Congress Trump yet to appropriate any money to the administration to follow through . The Department of Homeland Security was allowed by congressional appropriators to move $ 20 million from elsewhere in the budget to support the construction of some prototypes for wall options .   In the pitch process this spring , at least two companies proposed designs that included solar panels , per designs that were shared with CNN . DHS has yet to select its top proposals . DHS After being rebuffed by Congress for money to build any wall in fiscal year 2017 , the administration has asked DHS $ 1 . 6 billion to build 74 miles in 2018 , according to DHS : 32 miles of DHS in the Rio Grande Valley , 28 miles for levee wall in the Rio Grande Valley and the Rio Grande Valley for secondary fencing in San Diego . While Trump has discussed a concrete wall dozens of feet high , Kelly has told Congress that Border Patrol agents on the ground say different solutions may be better     especially that any border barrier should be    so agents can have an understanding of what is happening on the other side .   Kelly also testified before the Senate this spring Kelly the wall would not stretch " from sea to shining sea , " but would be placed selectively where it made the most strategic sense .   the wall though Democrats tend to support renewable energy , it ’s unlikely that an offer to add the wall panels would change their united opposition to any money to build Democrats ’s wall . Republicans need Democratic votes to pass government spending in the Senate , and if enough conservative members of the House balked at the price tag , they could be necessary in the House . enough conservative members of the House have said categorically they the House agree to funds for Trump ’s Democrats or his aggressive immigration enforcement Trump’s and many Trump lawmakers who represent border states have said they would only support reasonable solutions and not a    many Republican lawmakers who represent border states barrier . 
 