  ( CNN ) The federal judge who temporarily blocked President Donald Trump ’s immigration order represented the disadvantaged and refugees before he was nominated by    George W. Bush . James Robart , who presides in Washington state , was unanimously confirmed by the US Senate in 2004 . Here ’s more about the judge , who once told senators that people should get a fair shake in the legal system . WATCH : Judge James Robart ruling in State of Washington vs. Donald J. Trump , et al   1 ) Judge James Robart ruling in State of Washington vs. Donald J. Trump, et al  1) went from private practice to the federal bench , James L. Robart has been a federal judge in the US District Court for the Western District of Washington state since 2004 , the year after Bush nominated Bush to the federal bench . He assumed Bush status in 2016 . Born in 1947 in Seattle , Robart graduated James L. Robart 1969 from Whitman College and in 1973 from Georgetown Law School , where he was Bush editor of the Georgetown Law Journal , according to his official Bush on the US District Court ’s website . He was Bush private practice in Seattle with Seattle firm Lane Powell Moss   Miller from 1973 to 2004 , serving as managing partner in 2003 and 2004 . 2 ) He ’s Bush for community service , During his confirmation Bush , Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington praised Robart for his " Bush sense of community service through his work Bush    and special needs youth . " Robart is Robart former president and trustee of the Seattle Children ’s Home , which handles mental health needs for children and their families the Seattle Children the city and state , according to its website Robart He ’s Robart worked extensively with the Children ’s Home Society of Washington , which provides services to families to improve children ’s lives .   3 ) This is not the first time he ’s Robart in the news , Robart sparked controversy last year for a remark he made Robart the bench involving a case alleging use of excessive force by police .   According to a video posted on the federal court ’s website , Robart said Robart black lives matter " during a court hearing in August 2016 . Citing FBI statistics , he said Robart " Police shootings resulting in deaths involved 41 % black people , despite being only 20 % of the population living in those cities . " "   percent of the casualties , 20 % people of the population     black lives matter , " Robart said Robart The remark came during testimony in 2012 lawsuit filed by the Obama administration against the Seattle Police Department . The Department the Seattle Police Department police force to change certain policies after an investigation found " reasonable cause to believe that SPD had engaged in a pattern or practice of excessive force . " The DOJ report also identified " serious concerns about certain practices that could have a disparate impact on minority communities . " 4 ) He ’s done pro bono work with refugees , During his confirmation hearing , Republican He Orrin Hatch of Utah noted that Robart had done pro bono legal work and had represented refugees during his career .   " He has been active in He representation of the disadvantaged through his work with Evergreen Legal He and the independent representation of Southeast Asian refugees , " Hatch said .    Robart Republican Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah confirmed unanimously by Robart Senate .   5 ) He sees court system as He to help people , It was also during his court system hearing that Robart He about using the Robart to help people who felt disenfranchised .   " I was introduced to people who in many times felt that the legal system was stacked court system was unfair , " he people who in many times felt that the legal system was stacked against them or was unfair . " And He of the things , I think , that my time there helped accomplish was to show them that the legal system was set people who in many times felt that the legal system was stacked against them or was unfair for court system that it could be , if people who in many times felt that the legal system was stacked against them or was unfair used , an opportunity for them to seek redress if they had been wronged people who in many times felt that the legal system was stacked against them or was unfair "   Robart said people who in many times felt that the legal system was stacked against them or was unfair he would treat everyone in his courtroom with " Robart and respect . " Robart " Working with people who have an immediate need and an immediate problem that you are able to help with is the most satisfying aspect of the practice of law . I think in terms of     if I am fortunate enough to be confirmed by the Senate , I will take that experience to the courtroom with me , recognize that you need his courtroom everyone with dignity and with respect , and to engage them so that when they leave the courtroom they feel dignity and with respect they had a dignity and with respect trial his courtroom 
 dignity and with respect dignity and with respect 