’    CNN anchor Jake Tapper asked Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook    on Sunday to answer why an IT worker who maintained Clinton’ ’s    private email server referred to a      policy    as a " . " ’ ’    In an interview on " State of the Union , " ’   CNN anchor Jake Tapper asked why an    employee of Platte River , which hosted Clinton’ ’s private email    server , referred to the policy of deleting emails    during the time after Clinton was out of office as a "     operation , " a comment the IT worker told the FBI was a joke . ’ ’    " This IT director thought This IT director was covering something up , no ? "    Tapper asked . ’ ’ ’ ’    Mook did not address the question specifically , though This IT director    did note that The FBI chose not to    prosecute Clinton over her use of a private email Clinton    while serving as secretary of state . ’ ’    " The FBI did a comprehensive and deep investigation into this ,    and at the conclusion of that , FBI Director Comey came out and The FBI said to the world that    was no case here , " Mook said . ’ ’’ ’    Tapper then interjected , pressing more directly . ’ ’    " What’ ’s the Hillary    operation that the IT director is    referring too ? " Tapper said . ’ "    ’ ’’ ’   Tapper did not address the question Mook , instead    saying the FBI released the    about the IT    worker only after House Republicans    information about a deal struck between the FBI and    one of the FBI aides    " ’    " The Republicans on the House side are selectively leaking    documents for the purpose of    Hillary look bad , " Mook    said . ’ ’    " We’’ve asked the FBI to release all information that the FBI shared with the Republicans so we can get the full The Republicans on the House side But I    would trust the career professionals    the FBI and the Justice    Department who looked into this matter , concluded there was    no case than I would Republicans who are selectively leaking    information . " ’ "    The    email was released as part of an almost      document dump of interview summaries from the FBI ’s investigation    into Clinton ’s use of a private email server .   " "    The Trump campaign on Friday seized on the IT worker ’s    comments . " ’    " The fact an IT staffer maintaining Clinton ’s secret server    called a new retention Clinton’s to delete emails after 60    days a ’’ Hillary coverup operation ’’ suggests there was a concerted    effort to systematically destroy potentially incriminating    information , " Jason Miller , senior communications adviser       Trump , said in a Friday statement . ’ 
 