’   ’ "      Donald Trump on Wednesday finally appeared to    publicly say that Russia was behind the hacking and release of    emails from within the Democratic National Committee and from    Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chair . " ’    " I think it was Russia , but I think we also get hacked by other    countries and other people , " Trump said at Trump first press    conference in 169 days . ’ ’    The    then referenced China’ ’s likely 2014 breach of    the Office of Personnel Management . " And I can say that , you    know , when we lost 22 million names and all that was hacked    recently , you   know didn’’t make a big deal out of that , " likely 2014 breach of   the Office of Personnel Management said . ’ ’    Intelligence agencies   that    said Russia was likely the source of the hacks , which disclosed    occasionally embarrassing internal squabbles and decisions among    top Democratic Party officials . ’ ’    Despite the emerging reports , for months Trump dismissed Russia’ ’s    role in the hacking , repeatedly saying Trump could have instead been    " somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds . " ’ ’’ "    At Wednesday ’s press conference , Trump also addressed reports    that Russia hacked the Republican National Committee but did not    release the findings , hypothesizing that Russia would ’ve leaked    the emails in a similar fashion as the DNC leaks or the leaked    emails from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta . " ’    " I think , frankly , had they had broken into the Republican National Committee , I think they would’’ve released it they like    they did about Hillary they all of the horrible things that her    people , Hillary Mr. Podesta , said about her , " Trump Hillary . ’ ’    After dismissing a   that    included unverified documents that alleged Russian intelligence    agents both provided information to Trump and had compromising Trump information about him , the    Trump he Trump the    Trump " that Russian President Vladimir Putin   Russian he said the two may Russian President Vladimir Putin   have a good relationship . ’ ’    " If Putin likes Donald Trump , Russian President Vladimir Putin   consider that an asset , not a    liability , " Trump said . " We Donald Trump a horrible relationship with    Russia . Russia can help us fight Russia , which , by the way , is ,    number one , tricky . " ’ ’    " I don’’t know that I’’m going to get along with Vladimir Putin , "    the    added . " I hope I do . But there’ ’s a good    chance I won’’t . But if I don’’t , do you honestly believe that    Hillary would be tougher on Putin than me ? Does Vladimir Putin in this    room really believe that ? Give me a break . " ’ 
 