Breitbart Executive Chairman and SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon opened Breitbart Executive Chairman and SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon Breitbart News Daily radio show on Friday expressing outrage at Barack Obama ’s apology tour of Hiroshima . [ Below is a partial transcript :   I had Japanese partners . I was a partner with Nissho Iwa for a while . Japanese partners financed my merchant bank for a while when I left Goldman Sachs . I have many , many dear friends in Japan . I ’ve spent many years in Japan . I have sailed with the Japanese Navy when I was a Naval officer off of Korea . I have the highest regard for the Japanese , but guess what ? the Japanese were devils during World War II . Okay ? And we beat ’em . And ’em took a nuclear weapon . I want everybody in this audience today who ’s grandparents or parents were one of the potential 1 million landing force in Japan   —    we planned that for three years . One million men to land in Japan , and they thought the minimum casualties would be 5 million people . You have to remember something , folks . It took two nuclear weapons to bring the military junta in Japan to the military junta knees after fire bombing the military junta for 6 months . Two nuclear weapons . And he ’s over there to start Memorial Day Weekend . Why does n’t he go to Saipan or Peleliu or Tarawa or Guadalcanal or the Coral Sea or Midway or Wake . I got a better idea . Why do n’t they take that presidential plane and fly into Pearl Harbor and have the President of Japan , who ’s lecturing a President of the United States in front of the world , why do n’t you go to Pearl Harbor and sit there and apologize to the dead that are still at the USS Arizona today ! they ’ve never been brought out . they ’re down there right now . Why do n’t we get him This guy come over and apologize ? This guy makes me sick to my stomach ! And any of you Never Trump people out there , I want you to embrace that . Because that is what you ’re fighting against . That is what Hillary Clinton , that is what this entire Democratic apparatus represents . And you have not a shred of honor . And I want you to all call in today , you Never Trump people , and I want you to say , " Oh no , the Constitution ! The Constitution ! " I want you to watch what he This guy doing in Hiroshima . And I want the Hillary Clinton get on Air Force One right now and fly to Pearl Harbor , stand over that monument where the bridge   —    the bridge of the Arizona is . Admiral Kidd is still down there .    men are still in the Arizona the Arizona years afterwards , and he has the Admiral Kidd to go to Hiroshima . Hiroshima to the full monologue and the subsequent discussion below : Breitbart News Daily airs from 6 AM to 9 AM Eastern weekdays on SiriusXM Patriot 125 . 
 