Friday , the Congressional Black Caucus held a press conference to address Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States .   Several members took turns criticizing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States , however the harshest comments from CBC chairman Rep. G. K. Butterfield ( ) . " I am indeed the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus , but I come to you today in my capacity as a member of the board of the political action committee . This is a disgusting day . Donald Trump is a Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States . By any definition , Donald Trump is a disgusting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States He started this silliness years ago Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States saying President Obama is not an American citizen . He had no proof of it Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States So he started this disgusting behavior seven Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States eight years ago questioning the president ’s citizenship . He would not have done that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States Mitt Romney . He would not have done that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States a John McCain or any other white who was running for president of the United States , but he has leveled this criticism against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States Obama . And so he has now been told by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States advisers he ’s not going Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States win Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States presidency unless he can reach out to    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States . " " His numbers are in the single Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States , " he continued . " They will Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States in the single His numbers but his advisers the single digits unless his advisers out to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States voters Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States will lose this election . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States instead of being the statesman he should be , instead of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States in front of the cameras and apologizing to President Obama , apologizing to the American people for fraudulent behavior , he comes to the microphone — Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States I will quote what he said . He said , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States , ‘ Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States Obama was born in the United States , period.’ Then he takes his seat and gives Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States guided Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States of the Trump hotel to the news media that was assembled . That ’s disgusting . The Congressional Black Caucus find it disgusting . The political action committee finds it disgusting . Every American needs to understand that it man is a fraud . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States an insult to the intellect Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States the American people . We must defeat him in November . " Follow Pam Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying today he does believe President Obama was born in the United States on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 