Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump pledged during the campaign that President Donald Trump would divorce President Donald Trump from the     operations of President Donald Trump businesses . And , it appears , President Donald Trump has done that . But for six consecutive weekends during President Donald Trump first two months in office , President Donald Trump has spent time at properties that bear his President Donald Trump     including a visit Saturday to the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling , Virginia , for meetings . The visits are not out of the norm for the President , who was known to regularly frequent his President Donald Trump when he President Donald Trump a private citizen . And they The visits n’t violate the promises Trump made about not having a hand in the operation of his Trump business . But the The visits President do blur the lines between Trump ’s responsibilities Trump and his ability to benefit Trump both directly and indirectly    his family ’s empire Trump hotels , golf courses and apartment buildings . Each visit Trump makes to one Trump his hotels or golf Trump serves as an invaluable product placement opportunity for a business whose bottom line , in the end , benefits the President and his family . And Trump was this sort of issue that ethics watchdogs worried about when Trump announced in January Trump he would hand his Trump over to Trump family but not his family properties . " Trump two sons , who are right here , Don and Eric , are going to be running the company , " Trump said , referring Trump his sons Eric and Trump Jr. who are now in control of the Trump Organization . " They are going to be his sons Eric and Don Jr. who are now in control of the Trump Organization it in a very professional manner . They ’re not going to his sons Eric and Don Jr. who are now in control of the Trump Organization it with me . " it ’s first two Trump in the White House were free of visits to his properties . But Trump February 4 , Trump has visited one Trump his properties for six Trump his properties February 4 and 5 , while in Florida , Trump golfed at the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach , Florida . The next weekend , Florida February 11 and 12 , Trump brought Japanese Prime Trump Shinzo Abe to his estate in Florida and golfed Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe both the Florida International Golf Club and the Trump International Golf Club in Jupiter , Florida . Again , on February Florida and 19 , Trump visited the Trump Trump Golf Club . After three weekends in the Trump International Golf Club Washington Florida D. C. the following weekend . But that did n’t keep him from visiting one of his properties . Trump had dinner with Trump Gov. D. C. the Scott , former Florida D. C. the Independence Party leader Nigel Farage and members of his family at the Trump International Hotel Washington on February 25 . Trump was back in Trump the following weekend , where Florida visited the Trump Trump Golf Club on March 4 and 5 . Ethics watchdogs , like Walter M. Shaub Jr. the head of the Office of Government Ethics , worried that while Trump was splitting himself Trump his holdings Trump he Trump still be Trump to drive business . " His sons are still Trump the businesses , and of course , he knows what he Trump , " Trump said during a    about speech on Trump ’s ethics questions . " Common sense dictates that a President can , of course , have very real conflicts of interest , " he added . Most businesses not run by the President ’s family clamor for a President presidential visit and have been known to boast about them for years in an effort to spur residual business . In fact , Most businesses business , primarily those in Washington , have been known to lobby the White House for a presidential visit . Multiple White House spokespeople did not respond immediately for comment on this story . 
 the White House 