Sarah Palin and billionaire Donald Trump come from completely different backgrounds and coasts . But Sarah Palin explained to Breitbart News     Alex Marlow why billionaire Donald Trump is resonating with the same    Americans who viewed Sarah Palin as Americans champion when Sarah Palin unrelentingly challenged the established political order .   In an interview on Breitbart News     Sunday , which airs on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 7 PM to 10 PM EST , Sarah Palin said billionaire Donald Trump ’s successful business record and billionaire Donald Trump celebrity enabled billionaire Donald Trump to be the perfect messenger this election cycle who was able to stand against the interests of the bipartisan political class open borders . Sarah Palin told Marlow that billionaire Donald Trump ’s " candidness , " ability to call " it like billionaire Donald Trump sees it it and willingness to fight to " win for America " are the virtues that the " common man , everyday average      American want in a presidential candidate . " " We want someone like that in a position to be able to implement the changes to undo the fundamental transformation of America America we see going on , " Palin said . " That is why the Trump movement is so powerful . " Palin Palin that Trump Trump with the " average man " who is " sick of injustice , sick of the status quo , sick of the betrayal of politicians and our government   …     . and we want to take it back . " Palin Palin out , though , that Trump Trump wealth and celebrity status in popular culture have actually allowed him to Trump the messenger for this movement because . She Palin Trump ’s Trump the type of " respect and attention " needed to run for president . Palin Palin , " practically thinking here , you got ta have some things lined up in your favor like that in order for the media , for the public to tune in to what you ’re saying . " She Palin it is " very difficult for the most respected Joe Wilsons from off the street to run for president " and be a " viable candidate , viable messenger for the average American " because there are so many roadblocks and hurdles he has to overcome that Trump , because of his wealth and he , did not have to in order to get his message out he the masses . During this election cycle , Trump , by Trump standing against the interests of the bipartisan permanent political class on issues like illegal immigration , Islamic terrorism , and the    Partnership trade deal , gave GOP primary voters a candidate who was unabashedly aligned with them on the GOP primary voters most important to them . And GOP primary voters because of Trump ’s celebrity Trump neither the political establishment nor the mainstream press were able to drown out his inconvenient message Trump stands . Listen to the interview below : 
 