Cleveland ( CNN ) John Kasich may be the most intensely courted man in the Buckeye State . With just seven days until the GOP convention , the quest to convince John Kasich to back Donald Trump     or even participate in the convention John Kasich campaigned to bring to Cleveland     has been quiet but feverish . RNC Chairman Reince Priebus has pressed John Kasich allies , even promising that donors will spring to aid John Kasich ’s future endeavors if John Kasich cooperates now . Donald Trump     ’s top aide , Paul Manafort , has touted top aide, Paul Manafort increasingly professional campaign operation in the hopes of winning over the Ohio governor . Even vice presidential hopeful Newt Gingrich is joining the mix , lobbing a last minute plea to Kasich’s team to get the the Ohio governor back Donald Trump     . " The convention is a natural showcase for Republicans uniting behind the Donald Trump     campaign , " said Ed Brookover , a Donald Trump     adviser . " The RNC and the campaign have been working very hard at bringing the forces together and showing that we ’re united in defeating Hillary Clinton . " Concerted effort , The push is part of a concerted effort by Donald Trump     allies and the RNC to move beyond an ugly GOP primary marred by personal insults     and capped off with a victory by one of the most unpopular presumptive presidential nominees in modern history . Donald Trump     ’s veepstakes : No Pence offer yet , Four out of the last five Republican nominees are skipping the upcoming GOP convention GOP along with a number of members of Congress and rising stars in the Republican Party .   Even though Kasich still has no plans to set foot inside the arena , he ’ll Kasich be a visible presence next week . He ’s Kasich to appear at nearly 20 events around town . " He will Kasich a robust schedule outside the convention hall , " said Kasich spokesman Kasich Schrimpf . " He is Kasich on supporting Senate , House and other down ballot candidates . " " Nobody ’s in the position they wanted Nobody be in . No one , " added one Kasich adviser Kasich who pegged the odds of him appearing Kasich the convention " somewhere between zilch and zero . " Determined not to let the    undermine the big display of unity , GOP officials set out to at least slap a bandage on wounds that are n’t quite healed . Last Wednesday , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , Priebus and their aides sat down to do dinner at Capital Grille in Washington . Priebus came Priebus an agenda : What would it take Priebus get Cruz to Cleveland ? Until that point there had been no discussions about Cruz speaking Cruz the convention , according to a Cruz adviser Cruz One of Trump ’s    rivals , Cruz has Cruz endorsed the presumptive GOP nominee . But he agreed the presumptive GOP nominee meet with Trump while Trump was the presumptive GOP nominee Washington the following day . Trump did Trump of the talking . " It was stream of consciousness like everything else he does the presumptive GOP nominee " the Cruz adviser Cruz . " He said the Cruz adviser like to have you speak,’ and he did the Cruz adviser long enough for Ted to say ’I’ll be happy to . ’ " In an interview with conservative radio host Glenn Beck , Cruz said Cruz wanted Cruz speak in Cleveland in part to address his nearly Cruz delegates and grassroots supporters . " There are patriots across this country who poured their heart and soul and blood and energy into this campaign , " Cruz said Cruz " I ’m going to be there to say thank you and to do my very best to lay out a vision for what we as Americans , what we as we believe , and where we go we from here . " Chips falling into place , In recent days , more chips have fallen into place . House Speaker Paul Ryan , who has made a habit of publicly airing his disagreements with Trump , agreed to speak at the GOP convention after days of discussions with the Trump campaign Trump the RNC . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , who ’s also been vocal in his criticism his Trump , Trump to support the nominee and said he would his at the convention the GOP convention unknowable Trump while Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said he ’s skipping the confab     Florida Sen. Marco Rubio advisers on both sides said he was never offered a speaking Florida Sen. Marco Rubio     he agreed to campaign with Trump Florida Sen. Marco Rubio overtures from Manafort Trump The planned Miami event was ultimately cancelled in the wake of the Dallas shootings , but the Trump campaign took it as Trump positive sign that The planned Miami event was open to appearing with the presumptive nominee . But the man who ’s been the subject of perhaps the most intense lobbying effort still wo n’t budge . As convention aides out and about in Cleveland buzzed over the odds of the Ohio governor having a    change of heart , and wondered whether the Ohio delegation might be punished with Ohio seating on the convention floor , Kasich downplayed his odds of appearing . " Kasich I ’m going to show up at the convention , and I ’m convention to be saying all these great things about the host then I think it ’s inappropriate , " Kasich said in a recent interview with Kasich NewsChannel 5 in Ohio . " I do n’t think Ohio ’s the right thing to do , it does n’t feel right to me inside . " Publicly , Trump Kasich shrugged off such snubs , at one point suggesting he would n’t welcome anyone to speak Trump the convention who has n’t endorsed him anyway . A spokesman for the Trump campaign declined to comment on its Trump outreach . But privately , the Trump campaign Kasich have spent weeks trying to Trump the Ohio governor to back Trump     or at a minimum , Trump the convention . Manafort , still holding out the convention who hasn’t endorsed him anyway an endorsement , recently reached out to Kasich ’s strategist , John Weaver , Kasich him on efforts to run the campaign as a more the Ohio governor and polished operation , according to people familiar with the discussions . Kasich ’s camp was unmoved .   Another Kasich Sunday afternoon from Gingrich , an ally in their shared House days during the 1980s and 1990s . He asked Kasich ’s team whether the governor could be persuaded Kasich Trump or whether it was " a waste of time . " Priebus , Meanwhile , Priebus has been trying to convince Kasich to speak or appear at Priebus convention , even Kasich he wo n’t endorse . The RNC chair tried reaching out to Priebus directly . But the Ohio governor , still aggrieved Kasich Priebus ’s tweet after the Indiana primary declaring Trump the nominee , Priebus been receptive . Possible Trump VP Michael Flynn flips on abortion , In a brief conversation between the two men , Kasich shunted Priebus to his chief of staff , Beth Kasich . That set Kasich Priebus unproductive game of phone tag between the two of them , according to two people familiar with the conversations . But Priebus his chief of staff, Beth Hansen also working through back channels , attempting to woo Kasich allies Priebus the Ohio GOP . He even suggested Kasich would help open a floodgate of donors for whatever Priebus pursuit Kasich Priebus on next     if only Kasich would play Kasich and participate in the convention , according to someone familiar with the conversation . " Ohio is a battleground state , " Sean Spicer , the RNC ’s chief strategist and communications director , said by way of explanation . In recent days , the channels between the Kasich camp and Trump allies have grown more strained amid Kasich that Kasich ’s team could be supporting efforts to unbind the Kasich . Privately , Kasich aides assured the Trump campaign and others that they Kasich no plans to disrupt the convention . But it ’s just Kasich aides indication the GOP primary wounds are far from healed . In an interview with The Washington Post published this week , Kasich did n’t hold back his sour feelings toward the Kasich chief . " What Kasich did was dead wrong , after Indiana , declaring Trump the nominee , " Kasich said . " It was amateur hour for him Kasich " 
 Kasich 