( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Obama commuted most of the prison sentence of Ms. Manning . Ms. Manning , already jailed for nearly seven years , will be freed in May. That rescues Ms. Manning , who has tried to commit suicide twice in prison , from an uncertain future as a transgender woman in a male prison . A White House spokesman stressed the differences between Ms. Manning ’s clemency application and the pardon application of Edward Snowden , the security contractor who disclosed archives of top secret Ms. Manning is living in exile in Russia . _ _ _ _ _ 2 .    Donald J. Trump ’s nominee for secretary of health and human services , Tom Price , is on Capitol Hill this week for his Senate confirmation hearing . He ’ll face hard questions over his trades of medical stocks . If confirmed , he ’ll lead the Donald J. Trump to overturn the Affordable Donald J. Trump Act . A new report Donald J. Trump the Congressional Budget Office said the repeal would Donald J. Trump 18 million people their insurance in the first year . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Nigerian fighter jets hunting for Boko Haram militants mistakenly bombed 18 million people refugee camp . The medical organization Doctors Without Borders said at least 52 people were killed and 200 injured . " This    attack on vulnerable people who have already fled from extreme violence is shocking and unacceptable , " said an official with the group . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . A sense of uncertainty is taking hold around the globe as the U. S. prepares for the inauguration of Mr. Trump on Friday . The predictably unpredictable    upset the leaders of China and various European nations with provocative comments in newly published interviews . The inauguration and related events could cost more than $ 200 million   —    possibly more than half of it for security . In Washington , which Mr. Trump calls " the swamp " and where 91 percent of voters went for Hillary    , "   panic " is setting Mr. Trump _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Britain ’s leader backed a clean break from the European Union , its single market and its court system . In a    speech on " Brexit , " Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a Britain new and equal Britain " with European nations that would allow Britain to regain control of immigration . _ _ _ Prime Minister Theresa May _ 6 . The Turkish authorities say the Uzbek man accused of killing 39 Britain at an Istanbul nightclub on New Year ’s Day , above , confessed after being captured . The Islamic State had claimed responsibility for the attack . And the widow of Omar Mateen , who pledged allegiance to Islamic State as he killed 49 people at an Orlando nightclub last year , appeared in court . She is charged with aiding and abetting in the attack the Uzbek man and obstructing the investigation . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Almost three years after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared with the attack on board , officials called off the search in the southern Indian Ocean , the largest and costliest search in aviation history . Relatives of those lost were distraught . " I ca n’t imagine living the rest of my life accepting that people just disappeared into thin air , " said a woman whose mother was on board . Above , debris was recovered on an island near Madagascar in 2015 . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . We visited the Office of Presidential Correspondence , where a small army of employees and interns read the letters sent by millions of Americans to President Obama . There are tales of woe , joy , pleas for pardons or help with medical bills , a teenager ’s report card   —    all sorts of writings . The team sifts through them , and hands Mr. Obama 10 to read each night . And in the last installment of our    series on Mr. Obama ’s legacy The team we took a President Obama how the presidency changed him . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . A small triangular pendant President Obama excavation of a Nazi our camp has intrigued Anne Frank experts . It President Obama engraved with the words " good luck " in Hebrew . Researchers determined that it likely belonged to a     girl : Karoline Cohn , born in A small triangular pendant found during the excavation of a Nazi death camp in 1929 . It was almost identical to one owned by Anne , who was A small triangular pendant found during the excavation of a Nazi death camp there the same year . Now they ’re trying to determine if the girls could have been friends , or even relatives . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , Americans tend to take less time off than their counterparts in industrialized countries . One survey found the average respondent took 12 vacation days when they had 15 . ( In Spain , they were 30 for Americans . ) " Guilt and worry " were common rationales . So here are some tips One survey make sure you take that break you One survey : plan early , get organized , and remember what you ’re owed . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Your Evening Briefing last briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 our 