  ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Donald Trump campaign are uncomfortable with the truth .   Donald Trump has made that clear throughout his his campaign and on Wednesday his Donald Trump counsel , Michael Cohen , punctuated the point in a tense interview with CNN ’s Brianna Keilar .    " You guys are down , " Keilar said Brianna Keilar " Says who ? " Cohen asked Michael Cohen " Polls . .. most of them , You guys Keilar continued Brianna Keilar   Maybe even " all of them ? You guys   There was an unusually long silence   —    long enough , perhaps , for anyone listening to hear Trump ’s poll numbers dropping further , in real time , on live television . " Says who ? " Cohen asked Michael Cohen . " Polls , " said Keilar . Brianna Keilar " I just told you . " Okay , forget for a second that Donald Trump Trump legal counsel and one of the most trusted , senior leaders in the Trump organization just Trump himself on national Donald Trump’s like a kindergartener in a playground scuffle ( a video of the exchange buzzed across social media to much mockery ) .    I ’ve been guilty of a few childish faces and remarks , too   —    though , of course , I only represent myself and not someone running to be the leader of the free world .   Important distinction . But what Cohen revealed was a deeper truth about his candidate ’s Cohen to facts and reality . It ’s tenuous and voters should take note .   Says who ? According to Politifact , during this campaign Trump has misspoken , bent the truth or downright lied at least 78 % of the time .   In other words , more than three out of four of the " factual " assertions that Trump makes are Trump the opposite .   Similarly , as of July of this summer , the Washington Post ’s Fact Checker column had rated 65 % of Trump ’s statements Trump Four Pinocchios " or " whoppers "   —    meaning , not just false , but flagrantly so .   For comparison , the Post ’s Glenn the Washington Post " Most politicians tend to earn Four Pinocchios 10 to 20 percent of the time . "    In other words , for a guy who has built his campaign in large part on insisting that voters ca n’t trust normal politicians , Donald Trump has proven himself to be repeatedly untrustworthy   Donald Trump    and , in fact , more so than others . Is Trump just an arrogant , megalomaniacal Donald Trump artist willing to say whatever he thinks will deceive the American Donald Trump and help him win the election ?   Donald Trump , there ’s that .    But it ’s also entirely possible that    is deceiving himself .   Donald Trump else do Donald Trump explain a reality TV show star and real estate developer who insists he knows more about ISIS than America ’s military generals ?   Who says that President Obama was " literally " the " founder of ISIS " ?   Who insists " that African American voters love me , " despite polls showing Trump currently has just 1 % Donald Trump the black vote ?    But what do polls matter , really ?   Or a letter signed by dozens of Republican national security officials and another one by 120 elected officials from every GOP administration since President Ronald Reagan , both opposing Trump ? Apparently none of this Donald Trump . Facts and the opinions of others , Trump seems to think , are Donald Trump .   Says who ?    " I ’m speaking with myself , number one , " ’m tells us . " Because Donald Trump have America very good brain and I ’ve said a lot of things . "    And that , America , should scare us all . 
 