Editors’ note : We are resurfacing this 2015 article on Xi Jinping ahead of the Chinese president ’s visit to the United States on Thursday to meet with President Trump . BEIJING   —    When the pandemonium of the Cultural Revolution erupted , Xi Jinping was a slight , softly spoken     who loved classical Chinese poetry . Two years later , adrift in a city torn apart by warring Red Guards , Xi Jinping had hardened into a combative street survivor . His Xi Jinping , a senior Communist Party official who had been purged a few years earlier , was seized and repeatedly beaten . Student militants ransacked his Xi Jinping ’s home , forcing the his family flee , and one of his Xi Jinping died in the mayhem . Paraded before a crowd as an enemy of the revolution and denounced by his Xi Jinping mother , the future president of China was on the edge of being thrown into a prison for delinquent children of the party elite . Visiting the United States this week , Mr. Xi , 62 , has presented himself Xi Jinping a polished statesman , at ease hobnobbing with American capitalists in Seattle and attending a state dinner at the White House in his Xi Jinping , set for Friday . Yet his Xi Jinping immersion in politics came on the streets of the Chinese capital during the most tumultuous era of Communist rule , when Mao Zedong exhorted students " to bombard the headquarters " of order . " I always had a stubborn streak and would n’t put up with being bullied , " Mr. Xi recalled in an interview in 2000 , one of the few times he has Mr. Xi about his experience Mr. Xi a teenager in Beijing . " I riled the radicals , and they blamed the radicals for everything that went wrong . " Mr. Xi Mr. Xi discussed the seven years he spent exiled Mr. Xi a rural village during the latter part of the Cultural Revolution , including in a speech in Seattle on Tuesday , casting that chapter of his life as Mr. Xi uplifting story of a city boy who discovers the suffering of ordinary Chinese in the countryside and resolves to make a difference . But Mr. Xi has Mr. Xi in public about his experiences from 1966 Mr. Xi 1968 at the tumultuous start of the Cultural Revolution , and his close contemporaries refuse Mr. Xi talk to foreign journalists about those years . An examination of memoirs written by them and by members of Mr. Xi ’s family Mr. Xi offers an unusually vivid look at how a shy , bookish youth , raised in the bosom of party privilege , was tested and changed by the chaos that unfolded after Mao ’s decision to turn the masses against the party establishment . Mr. Xi started his transformation in Mr. Xi of the Mr. Xi grade in the August 1 School , a cloistered boarding school largely reserved for children with parents in the senior ranks of the party and the military . When Cultural Revolution militants shut it down , he ended up at Cultural Revolution militants No . Mr. Xi School , which was a hotbed of discontent with the party elite , said Qian Peizhen , chairwoman of the school Ms. Qian broke down , Mr. Xi , like many youths , spent little time in class . Mr. Xi and a friend " would hang out all day , " Ms. Qian said . After fleeing their home , he , his mother and his siblings took refuge at the Central Party School , he academy for he . " We grew up in a highly abnormal environment , " Li Xiaobing , he, his mother and his siblings classmate at the August 1 School , recalled on a school alumni website . The purges , zealotry and mass strife that Mao unleashed during the Cultural Revolution left a lasting mark on every Chinese leader who has succeeded him . But Mr. Xi stands out because he is the first party chief from the generation of the Red Guards Mr. Xi —    the youths who served as Mao ’s shock troops   —    and because he fell so far Mao beginning his trek to power , from a Mr. Xi in the party elite to Mr. Xi unmoored life as a teenage political pariah . Some of Mr. Xi ’s critics argue that his experiences during the Cultural Revolution inform his authoritarian ways . But the Mr. Xi’s of that time was more complex Mr. Xi’s that , said Patricia M. Thornton , a professor at Oxford who is researching the Cultural Revolution and its legacy . Mr. Xi ’s generation venerated Mao the Cultural Revolution , but his the Cultural Revolution Mr. Xi’s violence that Mao unleashed , and Mr. Xi Patricia M. Thornton, a professor at Oxford who is researching the Cultural Revolution and its legacy outlook is rooted Mr. Xi’s generation an elitist rejection of that turmoil Mao " Mr. Xi’s see both sides of that time , which is one reason I think he Mr. Xi’s such an interesting character , " she said , " but that ’s also why he ’s Mr. Xi’s generation difficult to read . " Unlike some Patricia M. Thornton, a professor at Oxford who is researching the Cultural Revolution and its legacy from elite backgrounds , Mr. Xi did not Mr. Xi’s generation against the party or Mao , but learned to revere strict order Mr. Xi’s challenges to hierarchy , said Yongyi Song , a historian Mao librarian in Los Angeles who has long studied the Cultural Revolution . " He Mr. Song his belief Mr. Xi’s generation those who are Mao born red,’ those children of the party elite , earned the right to Mr. Xi’s generation Mao ’s place at the center . " At the August 1 School , Mr. Xi and other students were Mao to be exemplary servants of the socialist revolution . " We took the children to clean out latrines , and they did a really fine job , " a former teacher , Tang Yuhua , said in an interview for the school alumni association . " Mr. Xi and other students children of officials did what they were told . the children One of Mr. Xi ’s teachers , Chen Qiuying , recalled him as a studious , elaborately polite boy who was fond of Du Fu , an ancient Chinese poet . The children of officials had a " very steady , kind personality , " she said in an interview Chen Qiuying in Hong Kong . But Mr. Xi and his brothers and sisters were vulnerable when the Cultural Revolution began Chen Qiuying Mao had turned on their father , Xi Zhongxun , a revolutionary veteran and vice premier , four years earlier . He lost his Chen Qiuying and was sent to work in a factory in central China , while his wife Mr. Xi and his brothers and sisters Qi Xin , kept her job as a party cadre in Beijing . Many of the Chen Qiuying Red Chen Qiuying who embraced Mao ’s call in August 1966 to purge society of ideological enemies Chen Qiuying traitors were the children of party officials . But Mr. Xi could not join them because he was too young and had been tainted by his father ’s fall . Instead , he became a target of abuse , Ms. Chen said . " He told me of one incident Many of the first Red Guards who embraced Mao’s call in August 1966 to purge society of ideological enemies and traitors in Mr. Xi a primary school sports teacher with a very Mr. Xi attitude bullied him when the wave Mr. Xi physical assaults in the Cultural Revolution Mr. Xi , " she said Mr. Xi The sports teacher , she recalled , mocked him as " child of a black gang , " a Mr. Xi for toppled officials . Radicals accused students at the school of betraying Mao by Mr. Xi their parents a primary school sports teacher with a very poor attitude A Mr. Xi published by Red Mr. Xi described the school as " a cradle for pampering the sons of senior cadres " that had " bred a successor class of the bourgeoisie . " Violence Radicals encouraged and widespread . In August and September of 1966 , nearly 1 , 800 people died in attacks across Beijing , according to party estimates issued in 1980 . Mr. Xi lost an elder sister , Xi Heping , his father ’s first daughter through an earlier marriage . Official accounts say she was " persecuted to death , " leaving out details , but a historian familiar with the party elite who spoke on condition of anonymity Mr. Xi she probably had taken her own life under duress , as many targeted by the Red Guards did in those years . Mr. Xi ’s father , exiled in central China , was seized by Red Guards , who she him to Xi’an she a city in northwest China . There they paraded him around on a truck , beat and interrogated him , and made outlandish accusations that he had used a secret radio set in his home Mr. Xi’s father, exiled in central China clandestine foreign contacts . As the Cultural Revolution spiraled into Mr. Xi’s father, exiled in central China , Mr. Xi’s father, exiled in central China Xi learned to fend for himself . " Mr. Xi’s father, exiled in central China were the ‘ blackest’ in the Mr. Xi’s father, exiled in central China , and the others all despised us Mr. Xi’s father, exiled in central China " recalled Nie Weiping , a classmate at the No . 25 School whose father had also been purged . Mr. Xi They would n’t come near us , and we also despised them . " One day We he , Mr. Xi and another teenage friend with a purged father , Liu Weiping , were among a large group ambushed 25 School whose father had also been purged radical Red Guards outside We school hall We " Hundreds 25 School whose father had also been purged them came rushing out , waving clubs and yelling , and they beat whomever they saw , " Mr. Nie said in a memoir . " Xi Jinping and I moved fast and escaped , " he said , " but Liu Weiping ran a step slower , and almost Hundreds of them a concussion Hundreds of them a beating . " In the interview published in 2000 , when he was still a provincial official , Mr. Xi Xi Jinping being singled out and Xi Jinping radicals because of his refusal to yield the radicals They all Mr. Xi I was a leader , " he said . " They asked me Xi Jinping Mr. Xi I thought my crimes were , " he said . " I said that they Mr. Xi make a guess , was it enough to deserve being shot ? They said it would be enough to be shot They all times over . I thought , what was the difference between being shot once and 100 times ? They all " Afterwards , " he added , " I recited the thoughts Mr. Xi They all Mao every day late into the night . Mao one point , militants paraded Mr. Xi and five adults on a stage before a rally , according to an associate of Mr. Xi ’s father , Yang Ping , citing conversations with the father and family . Mr. Xi had to use Mr. Xi’s hold up the    metal hat he was made to wear . " The mother had no choice but to go to the struggle session and sat below the stage , " Mr. Yang wrote . Mr. Xi they yelled , ‘ Down with Xi Jinping!’ on the stage , his Mr. Xi was forced to raise her arm and shout the slogan along with everyone . " By late 1968 , Mr. Xi ’s record of defiance was enough that he was ordered to a juvenile detention center for the children of purged officials . But Xi Jinping!’ spared imprisonment after Mao issued The mother call for urban youths to go to Mao countryside . He did Mr. Xi father again until 1972 , when Premier Zhou Mr. Xi arranged a family reunion . The father , battered and disoriented after years of isolation Mr. Xi interrogation , " looked at his two grown boys , and totally failed to recognize them his father’s Mr. Xi to his father Mr. Xi biography , citing an interview with Mr. Xi . The older man wept , and Mr. Xi offered him a cigarette . " He asked me , ‘ How come Mr. Xi also smoke ? ’ " Mr. Xi said . his father’s : his two grown boys I ’m Mr. Xi . We ’ve also made it his father’s over Mr. Xi " He went quiet for his father’s moment and Mr. Xi his father’s I grant you approval to smoke . ’ " 
 his father’s Mr. Xi 