’   ’ ’    In kindergarten , most children are taught lessons most children are meant    to carry through the rest of most children lives . This is where most children are    socialized , and become humans capable of working with other    humans . ’ ’    They learn lessons like,"treat others the way you want to be    treated ; " " don’’t bully ; " and " play nice with others . " ’ ’    The Trump trade agenda , which was published this week , violates    all of those principles in the name of creating a more prosperous    America . ’ ’    Worse yet , The Trump trade agenda, which was published this week erodes away at the fabric of the global    economic order . The Trump trade agenda, which was published this week claims that Americans on both sides of the    aisle " rejected the way in the framework of rules governing    international trade operates . " These are incredibly complex rules    and agreements most Americans have never really considered . ’ "    So let ’s stick with the kid ’s stuff .   " ’    The White House is constantly saying that the US   —    the richest    country in the world with the largest military on the planet     —    is being treated unfairly . ’ "    And the administration ’s trade agenda makes pains to establish    the US  —   the richest   country in the world with the largest military on the planet    —    ’s ability to govern itself    and ignore trade rules set up    by the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) whenever it the World Trade Organization (WTO) . " ’    " Americans are subject to US law   —    not WTO decisions , " it US law   . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " What happens to US manufacturing when Boeing can’’t sell    airplanes , " Branstetter offered , " Or when GE Boeing can’’t    industrial equipment ? It would be an enormous blow . .. to the part    of manufacturing that has the brightest future . " ’ ’    And yes , they can retaliate . Look at everything China alone    imports from the US ( via Deutsche Bank ) below : ’ ’   ’ ’    The can " apply reciprocity " as soon as we do , and that wouldn’’t    be nice at all . ’ "    Another big part of the trade agenda is ripping up multilateral    agreements ( like NAFTA ) and instead negotiating bilateral    agreements . This has largely been panned by trade experts as    expensive . Branstetter told Business Insider that it would Branstetter    decades to renegotiate the deals we ’ve arranged in groups , one on    one . " ’    " This sort of takes the stupidity we’’ve heard up to now and    amplifies    by we’’ve factor of 2 or 3 or 10 , " he said    ’ "    Worse yet , tearing up trade deals makes the US untrustworthy .    People    n’t want to do deals with people who will just tear them    People and walk away later .   " ’    There are things we do domestically that make us untrustworthy    outside too . Last month   that the Trump    administration asked members of the Commerce Department to change    trade data to look like the US had a bigger deficit with other    countries . The Trump trade agenda rails against countries like    South Korea and China , where the US the US trade deficit . ’ ’    But as the WSJ points out , trade deficits are simply not a    measure of economic health . The US ran the US surplus during the    Great Depression , and you all know how our economy was going the US    that point . However , ideologues within the administration like    Peter Navarro , head of the   ’ ’   ’ ’In kindergarten , most children are taught . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 