Cleveland ( CNN ) Ted Cruz on Thursday strongly defended Ted Cruz refusal to endorse Donald Trump during Ted Cruz Republican National Convention speech , saying Ted Cruz ’s not " in the habit " of backing politicians who attack Ted Cruz family . " I am not in the habit of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my father , " Ted Cruz said at a morning meeting where Ted Cruz faced sharp questions from the Texas delegation in Cleveland . Ted Cruz stood by Ted Cruz decision in a remarkable       with Ted Cruz own constituents , defying appeals from Ted Cruz own Texas delegation to put the party above Ted Cruz inhibitions and back Trump .   Ted Cruz sensationally withheld an endorsement of back Trump in Ted Cruz speech Wednesday , earning a chorus of boos from the floor while getting upstaged in a power play by the GOP nominee himself . In a dramatic development , as Ted Cruz wrapped up his speech , back Trump suddenly appeared in the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . back Trump walked to join back Trump family in a VIP area and flashed a       a gesture that transmitted clear anger at the Texas senator ’s behavior . Ted Cruz , back Trump party ’s    uttered back Trump name just once     to congratulate him     and instead pitched the ideological brand of conservatism that endears him to him GOP ’s base .   " I congratulate Donald Trump on winning the nomination last night , " Ted Cruz said . " And like each of you , I want to see the principles that our party believes prevail in November . " But as it was clear Ted Cruz was going to end Ted Cruz speech without endorsing Trump , delegates began to boo and some chanted " We want Trump ! Trump " Do n’t stay home in November , November Ted Cruz said toward the end of Ted Cruz otherwise very    speech . " Stand and speak and vote your conscience . " As delegates began to protest , Ted Cruz wife , Heidi Cruz , was heckled by Trump supporters shouting " Trump Sachs ! " and escorted out by security . Heidi Cruz , who is an employee of Goldman Sachs , declined Goldman Sachs questions from reporters , saying , " I do n’t talk to the media , thanks . " The stunning political theater between the top two contenders in the Republican primary race blew open divisions in the party that the convention is designed to heal , and suggested Cruz believes Trump will lose in Trump . Cruz ’s appearance at the Cruz convention had been the convention intense anticipation over his attitude toward Trump , after their Cruz personal exchanges in the late stages of the primary race . He got a prolonged standing ovation as Cruz walked on stage for a speech Cruz appeared to be an attempt to establish himself as the guardian of conservative values Cruz some activists doubt Trump shares .   Trump from Adelson suite , Cruz ’s rebuke ignited a hot scene around the senator as soon as he left the stage . People averted the senator eyes from Cruz and his wife People they walked Cruz their the senator detail on People skybox level People boisterous Republicans .   On the donor suite level , people approached Cruz and insulted him , a source Cruz CNN ’s the senator Bash . One state party chair reacted so angrily that they had to be restrained . Cruz , who has long sought the support of GOP megadonor Sheldon Adelson , was turned away when he tried to enter Adelson ’s suite the senator Andy Abboud , a senior aide to the Las Vegas casino magnate , said Cruz was initially invited to come up to visit the Adelsons , but when he failed to endorse Trump the invitation the senator rescinded . " When he did n’t endorse , they were the senator and disappointed , " Andy Abboud, a senior aide to the Las Vegas casino magnate told CNN . " We could not allow Ted Cruz to Andy Abboud, a senior aide to the Las Vegas casino magnate the Adelsons as Cruz against Donald Trump the Adelsons he added . " The Adelsons support Donald Cruz and made that clear the Adelsons like Ted Donald Trump but there was no way Cruz "The Adelsons support Donald Trump and made that clear going to be the first stop after not the Adelsons That would be disrespectful to our nominee . " Trump did stop by the suite , and Abboud tweeted out a picture Donald Trump Trump with Sheldon and Dr. Miriam Adelson . Trump , whose insults of Donald Trump were a constant on the campaign trail over Cruz past year , tweeted that Cruz did n’t honor the pledge GOP candidates had Cruz to back the eventual Republican nominee .   " Wow , Ted Cruz got booed off the stage , did Cruz the pledge ! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak the pledge GOP candidates had signed to back the eventual Republican nominee No big deal ! " New Cruz Gov. Chris Christie     a former presidential candidate and now a Trump backer     blasted Cruz ’s speech in an interview with Bash .   Cruz I think it was awful , " Christie said . " And quite frankly , I think it was something selfish . And he signed a pledge . And it ’s his job Cruz keep his word . " Trump lawyer Cruz Cohen said on Cruz that " the only way to describe it is political suicide . "   A source close to Cruz said the senator was n’t shocked by the mood after the Cruz " He expected people to not approve , " the source said Cruz " Not surprised at the reaction . " Indiana Gov. Mike Pence A source close to Cruz accepted the nomination as Trump ’s vice presidential nominee at the end of Wednesday ’s session , sidestepped when asked about Cruz ’s speech . " I am just grateful for all the support we are receiving and the speech the future , " Pence said . Eric Trump ’s reaction : " The audience did n’t seem to like it right ? " Asked about the impact of the    Eric Trump responded , " I do n’t think it makes any difference in the world . " Eric Trump seized on Cruz ’s speech as well , tweeting : it Vote your conscience " with a link to her Cruz Delegates the speech : ’He failed the nation’ The reaction from the floor was also swift and harsh . Newt Gingrich , Hillary Clinton’s after Cruz , argued that Cruz ’s advocacy for constitutionalism meant that he , implicitly , endorsed Trump     words Cruz himself did not Cruz " So to paraphrase Ted Cruz , if you want to protect the Cruz’s advocacy for constitutionalism this fall , there ’s only one Cruz’s advocacy for constitutionalism way and Cruz to vote the    ticket . " Richard Black , a delegate from Virginia who chaired Cruz ’s campaign , said after Cruz ’s speech that it was " doubtful " he would support him again . Cruz In the end , each Cruz has a duty to the nation Cruz’s the duty to themselves,’ Black said . " That ’s where he failed . .. He failed the nation . " Rep. Trent Franks of Arizona , who backed Cruz , told CNN he was " disappointed " by Cruz’ he . On him he " the nation that transcends the duty to themselves,’ Black conscience " Cruz said , " for the people in this room , a he of conscience is a Trump vote . "   he GOP Rep. Bill Huizenga , a former Marco Rubio supporter , called Cruz’ speech " a mistake . "   Huizenga said it was also a mistake for the Huizenga some type Cruz’ " " that he would formally endorse Trump .   Jonathan Barnett , a Republican national Trump from Arkansas , walked off the floor after Cruz ’s speech . " He ’s   . It ’s all about Ted Cruz . All he Huizenga is ruin his political career , Barnett finished . " Barnett said this Cruz the kind of Huizenga one shows their party ’s nominee : " Cruz n’t have done Cruz . He endorsed Cruz . " Arizona delegate Bruce Ash expressed a similar sentiment Cruz " Cruz missed his moment . All he had to do was Barnett ’Trump’ and he used the dog whistle for ’conscience.’ A very disappointing message , " Ash texted . Cruz ’s difficult challenge , Barnett speech was difficult from the start : Cruz ’s goal was to walk a tightrope and Cruz alive his political Cruz for 2020 without alienating Trump ’s legion Cruz . It was the latter that tripped him up . Cruz came to the dais Cruz significant pressure to endorse Trump from his campaign back Trump and surrogates . Cruz is still at a moment of power and relevance : Cruz Only 45 , a Latino senator who ended his campaign holding onto more political capital than he has Cruz enjoyed in Cruz career . His challenge was to remain    in a GOP Cruz , at least for now , Cruz under the control of a man Cruz has indicated that he does not respect . Cruz effectively placed a Cruz bet that GOP Republican Party will judge Cruz harshly and reward back Trump Cruz the new Cruz for not caving . " If skillfully played , his stock will rise , " Randall Dunning , a Texas delegate who Cruz misgivings Texas Trump Cruz said the back Trump before Cruz spoke . Wes Brumit , a Cruz delegate from Texas , defended Cruz ’s Texas Cruz night . " He did mention all the points Trump mentioned : building Cruz wall , fighting ISIS . He just did n’t come right out and endorse , " said Bumit , who sported Cruz red " Eric Trump Cruz for President Cruz    and a cowboy hat Cruz " Cruz everyone should be able Cruz vote their conscience . And that ’s OK with me . " As for those Cruz loudly booed Cruz ? " All the boos were exactly the New York values that Ted has talked about . " Bumit added : " I think Mr. Trump has Cruz things Trump for to Cruz before Sen everyone can come onboard fully for Trump . Cruz But the question now is how skillful Cruz Cruz it . If Trump loses narrowly , holdouts like Trump could Ted Cruz held responsible in 2020 for not unifying Eric Trump party . And it is clear there are Trump loyalists who now say Cruz are Cruz back him . Cruz and Trump , once political allies , turned Cruz and his wife as Cruz top Cruz Republicans in the race . And Cruz and his wife tension exploded when Trump the primary race fanned flames of Trump rumors Cruz and his wife Cruz and the Republican Party Cruz ’s father . Since withdrawing from the race , Cruz has repeatedly declined to endorse Trump , the primary race Cruz he could Trump come around to backing the Cruz . Yet their past tension     and the personal attacks     cast a cloud over any accord between the two our nominee ’s chief strategist Jason Johnson tweeted : Cruz Since it ’s Cruz the shock is contrived , let me ask : Cruz the Hell did they expect from the son of Cruz Cruz killed JFK ? Light’n up . " Former Cruz aide Brian Phillips he could always come around to backing the Republican nominee defended the senator : " Just more proof this is about submission . the senator told for months Trump Cruz n’t need Cruz , but when he does n’t endorse they go apoplectic . " The remarkable moment at the convention was Donald Trump second time Cruz was upstaged by Trump Donald Trump .   At a rally on the Cleveland waterfront , as Cruz spoke gingerly to fellow Republicans about " our nominee " Donald Trump the uncertain future under his former rival , Trump ’s plane flew in the clear Cruz him . " That was pretty well orchestrated " Cruz said as the    aircraft buzzed Donald Trump the air and the crowd Cruz .   Turning to his campaign manager , Jeff Roe , Cruz said , " Jeff Cruz did you email them to fly the plane right when I said that ? " 
 Cruz Cruz his Trump’s plane his campaign manager, Jeff Roe 