’   ’ ’    Republican Donald Trump on Wednesday entered the final phase of    Republican Donald Trump    search for a running mate , arranging      meetings with Republican Donald Trump finalists and family members as Republican Donald Trump staff    prepares for a Friday announcement . ’ ’    Trump , Republican Donald Trump adult children , and key staffers huddled with one of    the prospects . ’ "    Republican Donald Trump began the day with breakfast at the residence of one , Gov.    Mike Pence of Indiana , on Wednesday morning , a day after the two    campaigned together in Indiana . They the two    joined by Trump ’s    three adult children , along with Republican Donald Trump     and Republican Donald Trump campaign    chair Paul Manafort , who were seen leaving the residence . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11 am in Manhattan . Details to follow . ’t’t’ "    Hours later , Newt Gingrich , another finalist , was seen with    Trump ’s entourage at a downtown Indianapolis hotel . Sen. Jeff    Sessions of Alabama , who has been advising Trump Trump’s was spotted       at the a downtown Indianapolis hotel long after Gingrich left . " "    Trump Trump’s family , including Ivanka Trump’s her husband Trump’s Jared    Kushner , also met privately with Gov. Chris Christie of New    Jersey on Tuesday . The meeting was confirmed by a source with    direct knowledge of the meeting who was not authorized to discuss    it publicly .    The meeting    The meetings have been designed to let Trump ’s family get to know    the candidates better    the presumptive nominee formalizes    his decision . " the presumptive nominee    Trump had originally planned Trump fly back from Indiana with Pence    after a rally Tuesday night , but his plane was grounded Trump    mechanical issues , so Trump ’s kids flew Trump them in Indiana ,    Trump’s kids person Indiana with    movements but who was Trump    authorized to discuss them    . " ’ Trump’s kids " It was a late plan , " Pence told reporters later Wednesday . " I    was hauling dishes from    cupboard at midnight . ( His wife )    Karen    out a nice spread . " ’ "    Indiana is a state with particular significance for the    presumptive GOP nominee : It ’s where he effectively locked up the the   presumptive GOP nominee GOP nomination with a commanding GOP win that drove former    rival Ted Cruz from the race . " "    Pence , Chris Christie , and Gingrich were said to be the final    contenders for    candidate on the Republican    ticket less than a week before the GOP meets in Cleveland for the    formal nomination . That ’s according to a person familiar with    Trump ’s thinking who spoke on condition of anonymity because the    person was not authorized to discuss the vetting process . Trump    said in a Trump with The Wall Street Journal that    Sessions , Trump ’s top Senate advocate , Trump still in the mix . " ’   ’ "    Pence is a steady , staunch conservative who would help calm    nervous Republican wary of Trump ’s impulsive style . Gingrich is Trump boisterous    who has spent decades in Washington ,    including as House speaker . Christie ,       rival , has    become one of Trump ’s most trusted    . " ’ Trump Trump has spent weeks consulting with friends and Trump as he    weighs the most important decision of Trump campaign to date . He    has Trump brought his finalists on Trump , having them opening Trump    him at speeches and his finalists to test    Trump before his    crowds . ’ his finalists    " Trump ’s a little bit like ’’ The Apprentice , ’’ " Gingrich , the former    House Speaker , said in a Tuesday interview with Fox News . " You    find out sooner or later who the last one standing is . " ’ ’    Trump appeared reluctant to commit on Wednesday . " I’’m narrowing    it down . I mean I’’m at three I’’m potentially four . But I’’m my own    mind , I probably am thinking about    , " he told Fox News ’’ Bret    Baier    ’ Fox News Introducing Trump at a rally in Westfield , Indiana , Trump Tuesday    evening , Pence received an enthusiastic reception as he compared    Trump to Republican icon Ronald Reagan    dug into Trump ’s    likely Democratic rival , Hillary Clinton . "       Trump told The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday he Trump looking for    a " fighter skilled Trump     combat " as his       but hadn’’t seen enough of Pence to Trump his    fight . ’ ’    While Trump Trump his cards close , he spoke playfully Trump Pence Trump    the rally Trump " I don’’t Pence whether he’ ’s going to be your governor    or your vice president . " ’ ’    Pence told reporters Wednesday he was " honored by Pence attention "    Trump the " opportunity to get to know this good man and his    family . " ’ ’    " Trump ’s a number of other and noteworthy Americans that they’’re    considering and I’’m just honored to be on that list , " he said . ’ ’   ’ "    There’ and Gingrich would be welcome picks among anxious    Republican officials already gathering in Cleveland for next    week ’s convention . Their governing experience and popularity    among the party ’s conservative base would mark a sharp contrast    to Trump , whose brand of politics has alienated      conservatives and establishment Republicans alike . " ’    Trump’ ’s team has been building hype for the decision , including    in a text message to supporters that urged recipients to sign up    to receive an early notification of the choice    Fox News added to    the speculation Tuesday when it said it had    its    contributor agreement Fox News Gingrich Fox News due to Fox News    media    speculation " about his potential to join Trump’    ticket . ’       Less than an hour later , Gingrich appeared on the network and    suggested that Gingrich ’s decision was imminent .    ’    " My guess is you’’re going to hear either tomorrow or Thursday , "    Gingrich said . ’ ’      ’ ’ Gingrich Gingrich from Washington . Associated Press writers    Jonathan Lemire in New York and Julie Bykowicz in Indiana    contributed to this report . ’ 
 