Chappaqua , New York ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s economic speech on Wednesday in Orlando will focus on how the United States can create an economy that values people with disabilities , an attempt to contrast the former secretary of state with Republican nominee Donald Trump . Hillary Clinton , an aide said Tuesday , will propose an economy that " welcomes people with disabilities , values people work , rewards people fairly , and treats people with respect . " Wednesday ’s speech is Hillary Clinton ’s fourth in a series of addresses where the former first lady is attempting to talk more about the former first lady values and proposals and less about Trump . Hillary Clinton has so far given " Stronger Together " speeches on faith , community service and children and families . While those speeches have focused more on Hillary Clinton , those speeches have not been devoid of Trump contrast . In all three speeches , Hillary Clinton has tried to keep Hillary Clinton talk of Trump to a minimum , but those speeches have cast Trump as an    candidate who should not be president . And Wednesday ’s speech will be no different . Many    workers not protected by minimum wage , Hillary Clinton campaign and Democrats view Trump ’s attacks on New York Times reporter Serge Kovaleski , whose arthrogryposis impairs the movements in her Hillary Clinton , as their Many   workers not protected by minimum wage effective character attack against the Republican nominee . Trump Trump’s Kovaleski during a campaign event in South Carolina last year after the reporter questioned Trump Trump’s citing his Trump’s as proof that " thousands " of Muslims celebrating in Jersey City , NJ , as the World Trade Center towers burned and fell during the    terror attack . Clinton turned Trump Trump’s comments into her Clinton general election campaign ad .    By talking about what she Clinton do for people with disabilities , Clinton Clinton offering voters an implicit contrast with Trump Trump’s Clinton Clinton outline a series of policy proposals for people with disabilities on Wednesday , according to the aide , including eliminating    wages for people with disabilities and proposing " new partnerships with businesses to improve hiring practices for those living with a disability . " After the speech Wednesday Wednesday the the aide , Clinton Clinton be " the only candidate with a plan for an economy that includes more people with disabilities . " 
 