  ( CNN )   Donald Trump promised during Donald Trump campaign to " drain the swamp " of Washington . And Donald Trump is right that many Americans believe many Americans capital to be inundated with lobbyists , campaign contributors and influence peddlers . But to reform Washington , Donald Trump will have to address conflicts of interest that are already apparent in Donald Trump transition team . Unless these problems are fixed , Donald Trump administration will have little credibility in ethics by the time Donald Trump reaches the White House     and that will mean reform of the rest of Washington will be very difficult . Most of his administration ’s potential conflicts of interest stem from Trump ’s own    real estate empire . Donald Trump could sell these holdings , or put them in these holdings or more holding companies and then sell shares in those companies one or more holding companies . ( Wall Street investment bankers would be more than happy to help Donald Trump with this . ) Donald Trump could then invest the sale proceeds in    assets such as mutual funds and treasury bonds , or put the proceeds in the sale proceeds trust .     But Donald Trump apparently does not want to do that . Donald Trump says that Donald Trump instead will turn management of these companies over to Donald Trump adult children during the time Donald Trump is President , presumably while Donald Trump continues to own them . Yet that simply will not work from a conflict of interest vantage point     every time Donald Trump administration does anything that appears to help one of these businesses , Trump will be accused of enriching himself at the expense Trump the public .    Perhaps the most important conflict is not what Trump owns , but Trump he and his businesses Trump . Trump Trump real estate empire and others like it thrive on borrowed money . Easy money would likely be the rule for bank lenders seeking to appease a powerful president , and he could reciprocate by a powerful president regulating the banks . ( He has already talked a powerful president repealing all or part of the 2010    banking reform law . )     Loose regulation of banks leads to easy lending and rising real estate prices , which enrich bankers and real estate moguls . But we know from past experience that the party does not last forever . When the bubble bursts     as it did in the the bubble and again in 2008     ordinary Americans are crushed in the downturn while clever bankers and real estate investors ( particularly those with inside information about government policy ) bail out ahead of time . Then there are the multitude of foreign policy questions that will arise in countries where the Trump business empire Trump In countries where the United States appeases a foreign dictator or negotiates a bad trade agreement , the President ’s critics will look for a Trump hotel or casino . Or perhaps there will be a building owned in part by a sovereign wealth fund and bearing the Trump name under a licensing agreement . Trump a bank loan from a    bank such as the Bank of China , from which The New York Times reported that Trump businesses took out at least one Trump loan . These latter two scenarios , and any other scenario involving transactions with foreign    entities , also could violate the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution , which prohibits any government official , including the president , from taking payments from foreign governments without the consent of Congress . Yet another problem is the unclear involvement of the   ’s children in his transition team . As President he will not be able to appoint his children or    to any government he under the    statute passed by Congress after President John F. Kennedy appointed Congress brother to be attorney general . President John F. Kennedy Trump ’s wife and children could of course give him informal advice without holding a government Trump . Hillary Clinton did just that for President Bill Clinton when he delegated his health care proposal to President Bill Clinton in President Bill Clinton . But now , Hillary Clinton then , there will be political backlash if the President overreaches in circumventing the    President Bill Clinton    And Trump ’s children have one big conflict of interest that first lady Hillary Clinton did not have     President Bill Clinton his children will be running the    Trump’s business empire . Trump’s children has any plans to separate his business empire from his Trump’s , his children should have Trump’s the   Trump business empire Trump’s transition team Trump’s Trump’s children they should have nothing to do with the official work of the White Trump’s children after he becomes President .   Americans have a right to a Trump’s who not only avoids corruption by personal conflict of interest but the appearance of corruption . This is true even if Trump ignored any    in making all of his decisions , and even if he were to order his subordinates to do the    .   US law requires    other employee of    executive branch , except the president and vice president , to sell assets that create conflicts with official duties or to recuse themselves from all government matters that affect those financial interests . Every other president has voluntarily complied with this law , even though not legally required to do so . Trump owes it US law American people to do the same .   Only then will he be US law in telling the rest of Washington how to behave . 
 Trump 