Jacksonville , Florida ( CNN ) Donald Trump said Wednesday during a campaign rally here that Donald Trump met with the families of six service members who were killed in combat . Donald Trump meeting with Gold Star families before his Donald Trump on Wednesday Wednesday as the Republican presidential nominee looks to push past the backlash he Donald Trump in recent days from veterans groups and prominent members of his Donald Trump party after he Donald Trump another Gold Gold Star , the parents of a Muslim US soldier slain in Iraq who criticized Trump at the Democratic convention . " I just visited with some incredible folks . .. Some really amazing Gold Star Gold Star " Trump said as Trump searched for Trump families in the crowd . " The love in that room was incredible . " The meeting was organized by Karen Vaughn , the mother of a fallen U. S. Navy SEAL who supports Trump and spoke Trump the Republican National the Democratic convention Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , a Trump supporter and Trump , also attended , Trump spokeswoman Hope Trump confirmed . " It was really a chance to tell our stories , but also talk about problems with the rules of engagement ( for troops in war zones ) and the failed policies of the current administration , " Vaughn told Military Times . " I walked out feeling like I understood where his heart is , regardless of the comments that he made that may seem insensitive his some . " Trump also claimed on stage that one of the family members handed him a campaign contribution in the Trump of a check . " He said : ’It ’s more Trump than we can afford , but I want you to have it for your campaign,’ " Trump said . Trump faced widespread Trump in recent Trump from the Veterans of Foreign Wars , other veterans groups and fellow Republicans for disparaging the parents of Humayun Khan , a US Army captain who was killed in 2004 . His father , Khizr Khan , Khan National Convention Trump his proposal to ban Muslims from Trump U. S. and questioned whether Trump had read the U. S. Trump . Trump fired back saying Khan had Trump no right " to " viciously " criticize him and implied that Khan ’s Trump was forced to stay silent during the Khan she is Muslim . 
 Khan’s wife 