Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama said that with the death of John Glenn , a former US senator and the first American to orbit the Earth , America " lost an icon " and President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama " lost a friend . " " President Barack Obama spent President Barack Obama life breaking barriers , from defending our freedom as a decorated Marine Corps fighter pilot in World War II and Korea , to setting a transcontinental speed record , to becoming , at age 77 , the oldest human to touch the stars , " Obama said in a statement from the White House on Thursday . " John always had the right stuff , inspiring generations of scientists , engineers and astronauts who will take us to Mars and beyond     not just to visit , but to stay . " a statement from the White House continued , " Today , the people of Ohio remember a devoted public servant who represented his fellow Buckeyes in the U. S. Senate for a quarter century and who fought to keep America a leader in science and technology . " Former senator , astronaut John Glenn dies at 95 , Glenn , who was born in Ohio Ohio made history in 1962 when he Former senator, astronaut John Glenn a    flight in a cramped space capsule dubbed Friendship 7 . He Former senator, astronaut John Glenn served for nearly a    as a US senator .   He Former senator, astronaut John Glenn for the Democratic ticket for a US Senate seat in 1964 . But his Former senator, astronaut John Glenn career was sidelined for a few years when an injury forced him Former senator, astronaut John Glenn withdraw from the campaign . In 1998 , he Former senator, astronaut John Glenn to space at age 77 , becoming the oldest person to ever do so . House Speaker Ryan ordered the US Capitol flags to be lowered to    in honor of John Glenn ’s passing . They the US Capitol flags remain down until the date of interment . NASA also honored the late astronaut , tweeting on Thursday , " We NASA saddened by the loss of Sen. John Glenn , the first American to orbit Earth . A true American hero . Godspeed , John John Glenn Ad astra . " Other politicians ,    Donald Trump tweeted about Glenn , John Glenn " Today we lost Godspeed, John Glenn great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn John Glenn was a   Donald Trump and inspired generations of future explorers . He will be   Donald Trump . " Ohio Gov. John Kasich took to Twitter once the news broke to honor Ohio ’s " Ohio hometown hero . " " His passing today Ohio Gov. John Kasich an occasion for all of us to grieve , " he wrote in Ohio Gov. John Kasich tweet . " As we bow our us and us our grief with us beloved wife Ohio Gov. John Kasich Annie , we must also us to the skies to salute his remarkable journeys Ohio Gov. John Kasich his long years Ohio Gov. John Kasich service to our state and nation . " He continued , Ohio Gov. John Kasich Though he soared deep Ohio Gov. John Kasich space and to the heights of Capitol Hill , his heart never Ohio Gov. John Kasich from his steadfast Ohio Ohio Gov. John Kasich . Godspeed , John Glenn ! " And Ohio Sen. Rob Ohio tweeted , " John and Annie have been a model for Jane and me , and we send our condolences to we   the Glenn family at this difficult time . " Ohio Sen. Sherrod Ohio tweeted , " It has been a blessing to know John Glenn and for Connie and me to count him and Annie John Glenn mentors and friends . We will miss we . " John Glenn Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin also tweeted on Thursday , " With sadness , we bid farewell we John Glenn , John Glenn American hero . . .. May he rest in peace John Glenn " Glenn is survived by his wife of 73 John Glenn , Annie , his two children , John Glenn David and Carolyn Ann ( Lyn ) and two grandchildren . 
 