’   ’ ’    A video taken in 2011 has surfaced of Donald Trump joking    that former Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins is " not very    bright " in front of a crowd of thousands before grabbing and    kissing former Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins . ’ ’    The video ,   showed a corporate speech    Donald Trump gave in Sydney , Australia in which Donald Trump called Hawkins to the    stage to demonstrate a point about using revenge to succeed in    business . ’ ’    Donald Trump first explained to the audience that Donald Trump had been angry with    Hawkins because Donald Trump thought she had declined to introduce Donald Trump at    the event . ’ ’    " I’’ll give you an example :   Hawkins . Where’ ’s Jennifer ?    Where’ Where’ she Where’ ? Get over here , Jennifer Jennifer " Trump said . " This    is about getting even . " ’ ’    Hawkins   Hawkins laughing , explained there was a " miscommunication with    her management . " ’ ’    " Of course I wanted to come here , " she her . ’ ’    Trump Trump : " I was actually going to get up and tell       that Jennifer Jennifer a beautiful girl on the outside , but she’ ’s       very bright . That wouldn’’t have been true , but I would have       it    . " ’ ’    He    explained , using a sexual pun , that Hawkins attended the    event after all . ’ ’    " You know what ? She came tonight . She She   —    came , she She , she She came , " he    , adding that " they have some filthy minds in    Australia " after the audience laughed . ’ "    Trump then put his Trump around Hawkins’ waist and kissed her She as    she She her She and put her She against his Trump to push    him Trump . " ’ ’ ’    Hawkins has not commented on the video , and   to answer questions about Trump Trump ’ ’    The the video several weeks of sexual misconduct accusations    levied against Trump Trump Women started coming forward after a 2005    video surfaced of Trump Trump about grabbing and kissing women    without their consent Women ’ ’ ’ ’    denied the allegations and said he Trump sue his Trump accusers after the    . ’ 
 