  ( CNN ) Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich in an interview that aired Sunday compared President Barack Obama ’s legacy to a deflating doll and argued President Barack Obama is in a " desperate frenzy " to save it . " His legacy is like one of those dolls that , as the air comes out of the air , shrinks and shrinks and shrinks , " Gingrich told Chris Wallace on " Fox News Sunday . " " His ’s in this desperate frenzy . " Gingrich , a vice chairman of    Donald Trump ’s transition team , made the comments as His pointed to executive actions Obama has taken just weeks before His surrenders the presidency to   Donald Trump . The Obama administration last week nixed regulations that could have been used to reboot the George W. Bush administration ’s program known as NSEERS , the National Security    Registration System , which required men under 25 from many    countries to register with US immigration authorities .   Donald Trump called for banning foreign Muslims from the US during   Donald Trump campaign . Obama also took action to ban offshore drilling in areas of the Arctic and Atlantic oceans indefinitely citing environmental reasons , a move aimed at making it more difficult for   Donald Trump to undo   Donald Trump legacy of progress on climate change issues . Obama has also been shipping prisoners out of Guantanamo Bay to reduce Obama population , although   Donald Trump has vowed to " load up " the detention facility .     Donald Trump repeatedly vowed during the campaign to undo many of the executive actions Obama implemented during   Donald Trump presidency . Gingrich argued on Fox News that much of Obama ’s legacy is tied to executive actions , " almost all of which will be repudiated by   Donald Trump . " While Gingrich did not hold Gingrich fire ,   Donald Trump has largely avoided criticizing Obama during the transition to power and has repeatedly sought out Obama ’s counsel as Gingrich prepares to take office . Obama has also avoided criticizing the    and has said Obama would continue to be available to counsel   Donald Trump after Obama is inaugurated . 
 