’’ ’Donald Trump entered into    mode Tuesday night , seeking a pivot to unite the Republican Party against a common foe as ’Donald Trump declared ’Donald Trump ’Donald Trump presumptive nominee.’ ’"We’’re going after Hillary Clinton , " ’Donald Trump said during a victory speech at Trump Tower in New York.’ ’"She will not be a great president . ’Donald Trump will not be a good president . ’Donald Trump will be a poor " president , ’Donald Trump said of the Democratic frontrunner , ’Donald Trump likely opponent in the general election.’ ’After winning the Indiana primary and   ’Donald Trump and the party ’Donald Trump is now set to lead prepared for the road ahead.’ ’Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus called ’Donald Trump the " presumptive nominee " and called for party unity on Tuesday.’ ’"@realDonaldTrump will be presumptive @GOP nominee , we all need to unite and focus on defeating @HillaryClinton , " ahead.’ ’Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus tweeted shortly after Cruz announced ahead.’ ’Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus was leaving the race . ’ ’In a nod to the    movement that branded itself as " # NeverTrump , " Priebus added a hashtag : " # NeverClinton . " ’ ’For his part , Trump   congratulating Cruz on a race well run and calling Trump   a " hell of a competitor . " And Trump   keyed in on Clinton in the victory speech from Trump Tower in New York . He’ ’"We’’re going to win big , and it’ ’s going to be America first , " Trump said.’ ’"This country , which is very , very divided in so many different ways is going to become one beautiful and loving country , " Trump   later added.’ ’Trump now needs fewer than 200 delegates to secure the nomination ahead of the July convention after securing all of the 57 delegates up for grabs in Indiana . John Kasich , the Ohio governor , is the lone remaining candidate facing Trump in the Republican race , but Trump   is currently running fourth in the delegate count.’ " Clinton ’s campaign has already taken notice of Trump ’s    grasp on the Republican nomination . " " John Podesta , Clinton ’s campaign chair , delivered the delegate count.’ "Clinton’s campaign ’s first direct    shot at Trump . Podesta John Podesta Trump is n’t prepared to keep the country safe and improve conditions for middle America . " Trump entered into    mode . .. ’ 
 