Washington ( CNN ) In response to a question Thursday about threats to Jewish centers nationwide , President Donald Trump called a Jewish reporter a liar , told a Jewish reporter to sit down and later said    was coming from " the other side . " The exchange kicked off as President Donald Trump looked through the room at a White House news conference and asked for a question from a " friendly reporter . " ’Telephone terrorism’ has rattled 48 Jewish centers . Is anyone paying attention ? ’Telephone terrorism’ settled on a reporter who identified ’Telephone terrorism’ as Jake Turx , a reporter with Ami Magazine , which bills itself as " a new standard in Jewish media . " Turx prefaced ’Telephone terrorism’ question by saying ’Telephone terrorism’ did not see evidence the President or ’Telephone terrorism’ staff were   . ’Telephone terrorism’ even mentioned Trump ’s Jewish grandchildren . ’Telephone terrorism’ then launched into the thrust of ’Telephone terrorism’ question about bomb threats to dozens of Jewish Community Centers last month . " What we are concerned about , and what we have n’t really heard being addressed , is an uptick in    and how the government is planning to take care of the government , " Turx said . As Turx continued , Trump interrupted , " See , Trump said Trump was going to ask a very simple , easy question , and it ’s not . " Trump said , " It it an important one . " " Not a simple question . Not a fair question . OK , sit down . I understand the rest of your question , " Trump Trump . " So here ’s the story folks . No . 1 , I am the least    person that you ’ve ever seen in your entire life . No . 2 , racism . The least racist person . In fact , we did very well relative to other people running as a Republican . " Turx raised his hand again and spoke up . " Quiet , quiet , quiet , " Trump Trump . " See he Trump about     he Trump going to get up and ask a very straight , simple question . So , you know , welcome to the world of the media . " Turx Turx his Trump , and Trump Trump as if he Trump been accused of    despite Turx ’s Turx . " But let me just tell you something : I hate the charge . I find it repulsive . I hate even the question because people that know me     and you heard the Prime Minister , you heard Benjamin Netanyahu , did you hear him , the Prime Minister ? He said Benjamin Netanyahu ’I’ve known Donald Trump for a long time,’ and then he said Benjamin Netanyahu ’Forget it.’ So you should take that instead of having to get up and ask a very insulting question like that . " Later on in the news conference , Sirius XM ’s Jared Rizzi said , " I ’ll follow up on my colleague ’s question about   . It ’s not about your personality or your beliefs . We ’re talking about a rise in    around the country . Some of it by supporters in your name . What can you do to deter that ? " Trump said , " Some of it is Trump by our opponents . You do know that ? Do you understand that ? You do n’t think anybody would do a thing like that ? "   He went Trump to insist    was    from his political Trump , who were doing it to    anger : " Some of the signs you ’ll see are not put up by the people that love or live Donald Trump Trump ’re put the people that love or live Donald Trump by the other side , and you think it ’s like playing it straight ? it . But you have some of those signs , and some of that anger is caused by the other side the other side do the people that love or live Donald Trump and they ’ll do the people that love or live Donald Trump that are inappropriate . It wo n’t be my people . It will be the people on the other side to anger the other side . "   Turx followed up on Twitter , saying , " President Trump clearly misunderstood my question . This is highly regretful and I ’m going to seek clarification . " Jonathan Greenblatt , CEO and director of the    League , blasted Trump ’s comments in an interview with President Trump the news conference and called on Trump to answer the questions about what he President Trump the " crisis " of rising President Trump acts and take " concrete steps " to resolve the issue . " In the face of danger , Trump dismisses critics , attacks journalists , " President Trump said . " These are not answers to a simple question : What is he going to do about the surge in President Trump ? " In a statement , Interfaith Alliance President Rabbi Jack Moline called on Trump to protect the Jewish community , Muslim President Trump and those of other minority faiths .   " President Trump ’s repeated avoidance of addressing the President Trump uptick in    in America can no longer be ignored , " Moline said . In an appearance with Netanyahu at the Interfaith Alliance President Rabbi Jack Moline House Wednesday , Trump answered a question about    by talking about his President Trump victory and mentioning his daughter , Ivanka , President Trump her husband , Jared President Trump , who are Jewish . 
 