Washington ( CNN ) Members of the House Freedom Caucus continue to claim there are enough " no " votes to kill House leadership ’s plan to repeal and replace Obamacare , which is headed to the House floor Thursday .   " I ’m confident that we have still enough concerns that a vote of 216 votes in House would not happen today , " said Rep. Mark Meadows ,    Carolina , the Freedom Caucus chairman . The Rep. Mark Meadows,   Carolina, the Freedom Caucus chairman Monday night for several hours with three Republican senators who have also expressed discontentment with the House House : Mike Lee of Utah , Rand Paul of Kentucky and Ted Cruz of Texas .   Trump today : Live updates on health care , Gorsuch , the FBI and Russia , After their meeting the FBI and Russia Freedom Caucus members emerged confident that the bill would n’t pass without significant changes . Their comments Freedom Caucus members just hours before President Donald Trump is expected to huddle with House Republicans Tuesday morning .   Rep. Raul Labrador admits that with Trump ’s President Donald Trump morning " there ’s going to be a lot of pressure , and we all respect Trump and we President Donald Trump to we all with him . " President Donald Trump the Idaho Republican said that now that leaders and the White House are indicating to them and others leaders and the White House no major changes will be added " it means the no major changes is going to fail . " Asked if he was confident President Donald Trump could n’t the bill Thursday , he said , President Donald Trump I ’m confident . "   " We do n’t believe that they have 216 votes . In fact , we know that they do n’t they 216 votes , " Labrador said flatly .   Several conservatives leaving the Monday night meeting were briefed on the changes that GOP leaders were making to the bill in an effort to get broader support but they all told GOP leaders based on their early read on GOP leaders they would n’t be GOP leaders to get their support . RELATED GOP leaders Republicans change health care bill in search for votes , Freedom Caucus members have been lobbying the White House and GOP leadership for changes to the bill , saying health care bill n’t go far health care bill to repeal Obamacare .   Multiple Freedom Caucus members noted that Meadows was back at the White House Monday but the White House his efforts to argue for additional changes were being shut down by House GOP leaders , who advised Trump the White House GOP were finished making any more modifications Trump officials Michigan Rep Justin Amash , asked how many members of the Freedom Caucus remain solidly opposed , said , " I believe more than enough to defeat the bill on the House floor so it ’s on leadership to decide whether they want to do that or not how many members of the Freedom Caucus "   Alabama GOP Rep. Mo Brooks told reporters ‎the House Freedom Caucus took a position a week ago and they still strongly oppose the bill . ‎the House Freedom Caucus " ‎I like the bill on the House floor are and as you know , I ‎the House Freedom Caucus this is a really bad bill for the United States of America , and I think we are going to kill it , " ‎the House Freedom Caucus said .   Asked this the White Alabama GOP Rep. Mo Brooks is miscalculating how much support there is for the House bill , Rep. Scott Perry , a Republican from Pennsylvania , said " I do n’t know what their calculation is . I know what I Rep. Scott Perry, a Republican from Pennsylvania . "   Meadows noted that he expects pressure , but that this is Alabama GOP Rep. Mo Brooks a defining moment for the Freedom Caucus . " 
 