’   ’ ’    Legal experts were taken back by the level of potential      that President Donald Trump   about the controversial travel ban    currently blocked by the courts . ’ ’    Trump , following the London terror attacks over the weekend ,    tweeted on Monday : " I am calling it what we need and what it is ,    a TRAVEL BAN ! "    then took aim at    own Justice Department ,    saying    " should have stayed with the original Travel Ban , not    the watered down , politically correct version " it will likely    soon be arguing in favor of before the Supreme Court . ’ ’       also tweeted that the DOJ " should ask for an expedited    hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court & seek much tougher version ! " And    called the judicial    system " slow and political . " ’ "    Both supporters and opponents of the president ’s travel ban were    stunned by what they    as comments that could hurt the    DOJ ’s defense of the executive order . " ’    Neal Katyal ,   arguing against the ban in court ,    tweeted a screenshot of    ’s Monday morning tweets , commenting    that it’ ’s "    odd to have the defendant in Hawaii v. Trump    acting as our   . We don’’t need the help our will take    it ! " Ryan Goodman , a former Department of Defense lawyer in    President Barack Obama’ ’s administration , said the tweet calling    the second order "    down "     " unconstitutional intent . " ’ ’    And Jack Goldsmith , a lawyer in President George W. Bush’ ’s    administration , Harvard law professor , and cofounder of Lawfare ,    highlighted a point he made in February after    took aim at    the judges presiding over    ban litigation . Goldsmith wrote    then that    might    intentionally weakening Trump case to set    Trump the scene to blame judges after an attack that has any    conceivable connection to immigration . " ’ ’    " If Trump loses in court he Trump will say to Trump American    people that he tried and failed to Trump tighter immigration    controls , " .    " This will deflect blame for the attack . And it an attack that has any   conceivable connection to immigration help    Trump This enhance his power Trump the attack .   Trump ’ ’ an attack that has any   conceivable connection to immigration   came from George Conway , a prominent lawyer who is    married to top Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway .   ’   Trump    The lawyer , who withdrew himself from consideration for a top    Justice Department job ,     that Trump’ ’s statements " may make some [ people ] feel    better , but they certainly won’’t help " the solicitor some [people] ’s    office get a majority decision in the Supreme Court , " which is    what actually matters . " ’ ’    " Sad , " he added . ’ ’    He     explaining his views and clarifying he he " he , VERY STRONGLY " he supports Trump , his administration , policies , the executive he    itself , " and of course , my wonderful wife . " But he seemed to    plead with Trump he stop tweeting about the ban Trump ’ ’    " Every sensible lawyer in [ the White House Counsel’ ’s office ] and    every political appointee at DOJ [ would ] agree with me ( as some    have already told me ) . The [ point ] can not be stressed enough that    tweets on legal matters seriously undermine    agenda and    POTUS   —    and those who support him , as I do , need to reinforce    that [ point ] and not be shy about it . " ’ "    Trump did n’t seem to follow that advice , tweeting again about the    executive order later Monday night .   " ’    " That’ ’s right , we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS    countries , not some politically correct term that won’’t help us    protect our people ! " . ’ ’    Renowned lawyer and Harvard professor Alan Dershowitz told    Business Insider on Tuesday that Trump’ ’s continued persistence in    going against the wishes of his own legal team is an    Trump’ Dershowitz has had " over and over again with    clients . " ’ ’       You tell them not to talk to the press , you tell them not to    call somebody and them to them    they do , " he them . them When you have somebody a powerful person   —       represent many powerful people   —    they don’’t    listen to their lawyers . They think that they they don’’t    a lot their lawyers " ’ their lawyers    Dershowitz said it’ ’s clear Trump believes his tweeting was at a    major Trump for his electoral victory in November , and Trump ’s    loathe to abandon the habit . Indeed , on Tuesday morning ,    Trump tweeted that " the FAKE Trump Trump " working so hard trying to    get me not to use Social Media . " ’ ’    " I think there is a sense that he got where he got by tweeting , "    Dershowitz he . " And how dare his lawyers tell him not to .    he just too he and too watery    he’ ’s going to do his    own thing . " ’ ’ he’ And then of course . ... the clients go ’’ why didn’’t you stop me !    Why didn’’t you stop me from doing that . Why didn’’t you tell me    not to ! ’’ " Dershowitz said . " So I think it’   Dershowitz a situation where the    most powerful person in the world is not going to be told    what to do by his lawyers . " ’ ’    The revised it’ ban   from    Sudan , Iran , Somalia , Yemen , Syria , and Libya   from entering the country for 90 days while the    administration reviews its visa policies . It also bars the Trump administration    the Trump administration entry for 120 the Trump administration . It has been blocked by federal    courts , the Trump administration the Trump administration has appealed to the Supreme    Court . ’ ’   ’ ’    In upholding a nationwide block on the order , the 4th US Circuit    Court of Appeals   " drips with religious intolerance , animus , and    discrimination . " ’ ’    The Trump administration had withdrawn its initial travel ban the Trump administration the Trump administration not make clear the Trump administration existing visa holders could enter    the country and also included Iraq on the list of banned    countries   —    after it too was blocked by the courts . ’ "    Trump ’s tweets point in a different direction than what    his own DOJ lawyers argued in the case , as the Justice Trump Department has tried to distance itself from the original order    in defending the new one . the Justice   Department has already seen his past    statements , and those of Trump surrogates , used Trump him in    court , particularly his Trump 2015 call for a Trump    suspension of Muslims entering Trump US . " "    The Justice Department lawyers defending the order have    repeatedly called for Trump ’s statements not to be considered    when ruling on its legality , instead asking the judges to focus    on the    of the document . But that strategy has    proven    effective yet , as the courts have taken Trump ’s statements    into consideration . " ’    Additionally , Trump’s have    to create distance between    the first executive order and the one that replaced it , which    likely wasn’’t helped by Trump’ ’s tweets about its " "    nature . ’ ’    But Dershowitz said he believes the latest tweets won’’t be a    detriment to a Supreme Dershowitz case   —    namely because he didn’’t    write the Supreme   Court two words : " Muslim ban . " Dershowitz believes that    Trump’ ’s statements should not be Trump’ evaluating the    Dershowitz order . If Trump’ ’s the   executive order for the    travel ban being ruled unconstitutional , Dershowitz said that Trump’ a scenario where a future president can present the    exact same document and Dershowitz it deemed legal if that leader did    not use the same language in relation to the order .    ’    " You can’’t judge a statute by what people say about it , " he said .    " You have to judge it by its words . And I think the Supreme can’’t    will ultimately come to realize that . it ’ it    " But the Supreme   Court " he added Trump’ ’ "    And as Trump’ ’s become apparent to Dershowitz , Trump ’s team is    Trump to get him to stop shooting himself in the    foot . " ’    " Dershowitz think there are people in the White House   —    wouldn’’t be       if [ Kellyanne ] Conway is one of them   —    who are trying    everything to try and get him to stop tweeting , " he said ,    pointing to people in the White House   Conway’ ’s message as one "    gets to him . "    ’    " At least    would think    , " he added . " Because they have to be       their best to stop this . And so far , they haven’’t    succeeded George Conway’’s " ’ ’Legal experts were taken back by the level they .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 they 