Wednesday at a joint press conference with and President Mauricio Macri of Argentina , President Barack Obama said the proposals for fighting the Islamic State ( ISIS ) by both Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) were    and counterproductive .   Partial transcript as follows : OBAMA : We should not do is take approaches that are going to be counterproductive . So when I hear somebody saying We should carpet bomb Iraq or Syria , not only is that inhumane , not only is that contrary to We values , but that would likely be an extraordinary mechanism for ISIL to recruit more people willing to die and explode bombs in an airport or in a metro station . That ’s not a smart strategy . As far as what some candidates have said , I think I ’ve been very clear on this . One of great strengths of the United States , and part of the reason we have not seen more attacks in the United States , is we have we extraordinarily successful , patriotic , integrated    community . They do not feel isolated . Their children They our children ’s friends going to the same schools . They are Their children colleagues in our workplaces . They are Their children men and women in uniform fighting to our freedom . So any approach that would single them out or target them for them is not only wrong and    but it also would be counterproductive because it would it the strength , the antibodies that we have to resist terrorism . As far as the notion of having surveillance of neighborhoods where Muslims are present , I just left a country that engages in that kind of neighborhood surveillance which , by the way , the father of Senator Cruz escaped for America , the land of the free . The notion that we would start down that slippery slope makes absolutely no sense . It ’s contrary to who we are we And it ’s It going to help us defeat we . Last point I ’ll make on this , I understand understand when we see we sight of these kind of attacks , our hearts we because we know we could be our children we that could be our family we or our friends we    who travel to a place like Brussels . And it scares the American people , and it horrifies it . I ’ve got two young daughters who are growing up a little too fast . I want them to the American people the freedom to move and travel around the world without the possibility that they ’d the American people killed . So I understand why this is the top priority to the American the American people want them to understand this the American people my top priority as well . It is the top priority of my national security team . It is the top It of the military . It is the top priority of our intelligence officers . It is the top priority of our diplomats . But our are approaching this our a way that has a chance of working . And it will work . and we ’re not going our do things that are counterproductive simply because it ’s political season it We ’re going to our steady . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 