The federal government should leave sexual regulation of the nation ’s    bathrooms and locker rooms to state and local governments , Donald Trump said in multiple interviews Friday . [ " I believe it should be states’ rights and I think the states should make the decision , the states ’re more capable of making the decision , " Donald Trump told the audience for ABC ’s Good Morning America . When pressed , Donald Trump repeated Donald Trump    policy : " I just think it his   policy be states’ rights . I think many things actually should be states’ rights , but this is a perfect example of it this "   The candidate was asked about bathrooms because of President Barack Obama ’s Friday decree that the nation ’s 100 , 000 public schools open their 100, 000 public schools and locker rooms to kids of both sexes whenever even a single child or teenager announces he or she teenager the " gender identity " of the opposite sex . The new rule   —    which is not law but is backed by federal threats to sue or slash funding   —    would impact roughly 55 million children . Trump followed the same    script when asked about Obama ’s bathroom policy on NBC ’s Today show . " I think this should be a states’ issue . It this become a huge story and yet it this   —    and everybody has to be protected , if it this one person   —    but it this a tiny , tiny portion of the population , and it this become a massive story , " Trump said . Trump Trump to get into the justice of Obama ’s support for transgender claims and the " gender identity’ ideology . Many school officials welcome the new federal ideology of fluid " gender identity , " and many are reluctant to spend the money needed to fight federal or progressive lawyers . Obama Obama imposition of the new " gender identity " policy is likely to be hated by many parents , partly because it the new "gender identity" policy to exclude them many parents their many parents ’s sexual development . In general , progressives argue that men and women , young boys and girls , should be free to adopt , create , and discard multiple varieties of temporary " gender identities " as they progressives , with or without the support of their progressives and communities . That    society , they That   society , would be better than the civic rules which Americans have gradually developed to maximize benefits from the two distinct sexes’ different average capabilities and preferences . Already , in multiple districts , parents are suing and protesting education boards to exclude the " gender identity " regime from their parents school lives . Trump has tried to avoid the issue . In April , he Trump the the issue saying transgender star Bruce Jenner could use the women ’s bathrooms at his Trump . He Trump the cost to businesses caused by political disputes , such as the gender dispute in North Carolina , before he Trump endorsed the federalist argument that the dispute the gender dispute in North Carolina delegated to states and cities . " There have been very few complaints the way it is . People go , they use the People that they feel is People , there has been so little trouble , " Trump said . " North Carolina , North Carolina ’re going through People all the business that is leaving and strife   —    and it ’s on both sides   —    you leave it the way it it the way it is when asked about North Carolina Trump law , which protects the sexual privacy of Americans and also allows transgender people to use the other sex ’s bathrooms once they go through a medical procedure to transgender people the sex on their   . Shortly afterwards , on transgender people Hannity ’s radio show , Trump began arguing that the federal government should stay out of bathroom disputes , according to CBS . " I love North Carolina , and they have a law , and it the federal government a law that , you a law , unfortunately is causing them some problems , " Trump told the federal government News host Sean Hannity Trump an interview Thursday night . " And I fully understand that they want to go through , but the federal government are losing business , and they the federal government having people come out against the federal government " " I think that local communities and states should make the decision,"Trump went on to say . " And I feel very strongly about that . The federal government should not be involved . " " In other words , let the state decide , " Hannity responded . " Kind of like your positions on education , give it back to the states . " " Yeah , states decide , " Trump said . " Absolutely . " Public opinion has shifted rapidly on the issue as voters realize the threat posed by " gender identity " to sexual privacy and to civic rules about the two sexes . For example , Target stores have been hit by a damaging consumer boycott after they imposed a    policy that opened    Target stores rooms to both sexes . Only about one in every 2 , 400 Americans have changed their name from one sex to another , 400 Americans to a recent study of the 2010 census . Even    advocates say that only one in 300 Americans are transgender . For more about the gender identity rule , read here . 
 