’’ ’Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are poised to win some of ’Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton biggest victories of the election cycle on Tuesday in ’Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton home state of New York.’ ’Almost every major poll in the month before the primary has shown both candidates   in both candidates   respective presidential primaries.’ ’But though some analysts predicted just a month ago that each would run away with the nomination , a win in New York may not be enough to overcome a month full of setbacks for both candidates.’ " In recent weeks , Trump ’s path to the nomination has hit serious speed bumps . " " The    magnate has rearranged his The   magnate campaign infrastructure to beat back Sen. Ted Cruz , whose    campaign has helped him The   magnate up a number of delegates in states like Colorado , Georgia , and Wyoming . Recent losses have made it more difficult for Trump to win the 1 , 237 delegates needed to clinch the Republican nomination outright on the first ballot at July ’s Republican National Convention . " " New York ’s 95 delegates   —    and how many of them 95 delegates   Trump able to pick up   —    could go a long way in putting Trump Trump the path toward the magic 1 , 237 number . " " He Trump hoping to take the vast majority of those 237 delegates Trump Trump win all of the state ’s delegates if he Trump above 50 % statewide and in each of the Empire State ’s 27 congressional districts . But if no candidate gets above that 50 % threshold in individual districts , then each district ’s three delegates are awarded proportionally . " " Buoyed by rising poll numbers and a recent string of victories in small primary and caucus states , Clinton ’s lone Democratic rival , Sen. Bernie Sanders , has also shown no signs of throwing in the towel . He is Clinton a strong push in New York , Clinton ’s Clinton’s state , where victory by a    margin could signal weaknesses in her campaign Clinton " " Sanders has Clinton ramped up his rhetoric Clinton Clinton over Clinton past few weeks . On Monday , his campaign Clinton her campaign line of attack against the Clinton campaign Clinton the Democratic National Committee . Sanders’ attorney alleged that the Clinton campaign Clinton her campaign by manipulating a DNC    account to increase    donations that benefit Clinton . Clinton " Her campaign Clinton against Sanders , her campaign the    economic populist was needlessly attempting to sully Clinton even Clinton Sanders’ path to victory appears slimmer . " ’"It’ ’s hard to see how anyone   —    other than Donald Trump and Ted Cruz   —    benefits from this downward spiral of irresponsible and baseless attacks , " Clinton campaign Clinton Robby Mook said in an email blasted out by the campaign . " Right about now is when we ought to be talking about coming together as a progressive movement , not undermining a generation of voters ’’ faith in the Democratic Party and in the woman who is almost certain to be its nominee . " ’ ’Publicly , the Democratic Party Sanders campaign still maintains that it the campaign Sanders campaign ’s senior strategist the campaign asserted that the Sanders still has a shot regardless of the Sanders campaign New York . " ’"I think we have to do well here in New York , but there are plenty of events between New York California and Washington , DC , at the end for us to make up the difference , " Devine said . we We were 326 pledged delegates behind on the 15th of March we We are 214 now behind . We’’ve shaved a third off we her advantage by winning eight of the last nine contests . We’’ve ’ ’He added:’ ’Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are poised to . .. ’ 
 