Chicago ( CNN ) Mark Kirk , one of the most vulnerable Senate Republicans in the country , is betting that The Illinois senator can survive a tough election season by taking on Donald Trump . The Illinois senator became the first Republican last month to release an    television ad , which said The Illinois senator party ’s presumptive nominee " is not fit to be commander in chief . "    The    spot , running in the Chicago market , outlines Kirk ’s efforts to present Kirk to voters in Kirk    state as more moderate than Kirk fellow Republicans in Washington . " Mark was the first Republican to support a vote on President Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee , " the television commercial says .   Kirk is one of a handful of endangered Republican senators up for    this November who are grappling with Trump ’s controversial candidacy . At times , Kirk seems more focused on Trump’s than Kirk Democratic opponent , Rep. Tammy Duckworth , going so far as reversing Kirk support for Trump’s last month . Kirk success could determine whether the GOP keeps its the GOP status in the Senate . Kirk Kirk to Trump kicked Trump’s high gear last month amid the controversy over the presumptive GOP nominee GOP racially charged criticism of a federal judge . " I find Donald Trump Trump’s that an    judge of Mexican descent is incapable of fairly presiding over his case is an   judge of Mexican descent only dead wrong , it is " Kirk said at the time . Trump later issued Trump’s statement saying that his comments were Kirk misconstrued " by the media . A few weeks into his dump Trump Kirk , Trump’s says bucking Kirk top of his ticket is Kirk off . " It ’s helped because I ’m a very independent voice for Illinois , " he told CNN Kirk adding that his strategy helps Kirk make sure that people know that I always put Illinois first . Illinois A Kirk campaign official Kirk CNN that there CNN been an uptick in donor and volunteer interest since the senator distanced Kirk Trump . Kirk His Democratic opponent Rep. Duckworth Trump , maintains that Kirk still equals Trump Kirk " Mark Kirk is ( Kirk the exact kind of rhetoric as Donald Trump and he just needs to own it and stop lying about it , " Duckworth told Trump When asked Trump he could win in November Kirk supporting the top it his ticket , Kirk told Kirk , " Kirk have always run way ahead of my ticket . " 
 CNN his ticket 