Farmville , Virginia ( CNN ) For one night , Mike Pence put a calmer , gentler face on the 2016 Republican ticket . And Tim Kaine ’s pestering style helped Tim Kaine do it .   But the Indiana governor ’s big night in Tuesday ’s vice presidential debate might not transfer to the Indiana governor running mate , Donald Trump . Kaine     Hillary Clinton ’s number two     spent Kaine    Hillary Clinton night throwing all of Donald Trump ’s most politically damaging lines at Pence and asking Kaine    Hillary Clinton to explain number two     . For the most part , Pence passed , dismissing his "   lines " and "   campaign . "   Here are five takeaways from the vice presidential debate : Pence ’s temperament wins the night , The Indiana governor     once a    " Rush Limbaugh on decaf " radio host     was in full    mode Tuesday night .   Kaine , meanwhile , should switch to decaf .    Kaine interruptions     one after another after another     were so distracting that it often detracted from the substance of the debate and made policy conversations hard to follow . Kaine was trying to mimic Vice President Joe Biden ’s style against Paul Ryan in 2012     but Kaine ca Kaine pull off lines like " malarkey . " And Pence , who honed his skills reacting calmly to angry callers on his radio his , knew exactly how to deal with it . his radio show An unflappable Pence benefited from the contrast and won the night     with 48 % of those who watched it saying he had his best night , compared to 42 % saying Kaine won , per a    poll of debate viewers . Pence , Pence , had a different take when speaking about the debate Wednesday in Harrisonburg , Virginia . " From where I sat , Donald Trump won the debate , " Pence said . But Kaine gets Kaine hits against Trump , Donald Trump to Kaine the night throwing out as many of Trump ’s controversial and Donald Trump remarks as possible , hoping that some would sink in for the large audience watching Tuesday night .   And at the same time Pence was accusing Clinton Pence Kaine of running an Kaine   campaign , " Trump was on Twitter Donald Trump attacking Fox News host Megyn Kelly and retweeting supporters who said Kaine looked like a Kaine fool " and an " evil crook out of the Batman movies . "   Kaine spent much of Kaine debate lobbing Trump ’s own words Donald Trump .    At one point , Kaine accused Trump of Kaine shooting himself Donald Trump foot Kaine by attacking a Latina former Miss Universe claiming to know more than the generals about fighting ISIS    Sen. John McCain ’s military service supporting a " personal Mount Rushmore " of dictators and believing " the world will be safer if more nations have nuclear weapons . "   Trump had indeed said those things . Pence deflected , saying Kaine ’s attack had " a lot of creative lines in it . "   And Kaine Kaine’s attack back : " See Kaine you can defend any of it . "   Pence freelances on Trump ’s foreign policy agenda , Trump presidential nominee split     sometimes in big ways     from the top of his own ticket .   The most glaring example : Russia .    Pence called Vladimir Putin a " small and bullying " leader     and denied that Trump has praised Putin , even though Trump has offered kind words about the Trump president throughout the entire campaign Putin him a " strong leader . " Kaine also Putin Pence that he praised Putin as Putin . Pence told CNN Putin Dana Bash last month that Pence was " inarguable " that Putin is a stronger leader than President Vladimir Putin Obama . Pence goes further than Trump on Syria military action Pence He also suggested the United States " Vladimir Putin be prepared to use military force " against the Syrian government if Russia does n’t stop supporting the United States ’s regime .   Pence also said that " what America ought to Pence right now is to immediately establish safe the United States " to protect Syrian refugees     a departure from Trump , who has praised the idea of safe zones but put the burden on Middle Eastern countries to establish and maintain them . The major policy splits between Trump and Pence pose the burden on Middle Eastern countries series of new questions about their Pence policy that could dominate the next week     and The major policy splits between Trump and Pence the most important result of the vice presidential debate .   Pence did n’t take the bait , Pence displayed Pence discipline that Trump did not in Pence first presidential debate : He did Trump and Pence take the bait .   When Kaine threw Trump and Pence litany of attacks the bait in Pence ’s Trump and Pence , Pence often scoffed , batted Trump and Pence away and moved Pence     never addressing them directly , never a litany of attacks on Trump in Pence’s direction Kaine to make Trump ’s most incendiary a litany of attacks on Trump in Pence’s direction sink in . Trump and Pence always turning Trump and Pence conversation back to Clinton . The problem : Part of Pence ’s role is defending Trump .   While Pence night ’s debate helped Pence , Trump and Pence ’s not clear that those gains Pence transfer Pence Trump .     social media was abuzz that the debate was Trump and Pence ’s 2020    party . The ambitious Indiana Pence eagerly attacked Clinton , but by often letting John King Trump go untouched , he did nothing to ease the political Trump and Pence those criticisms have posed for Trump ’s Kaine . But did Pence do too well ? Trump and Pence Trump campaign Pence told CNN ’s John King : " The media Trump and Pence saying Pence won , but did n’t really defend Trump Pence That is n’t sitting well with the boss . " Trump and Pence was frusturated by the reviews after his first debate with Clinton Trump and Pence A    Trump friend said , Trump and Pence what I worry about is him Trump and Pence Clinton and Mike Pence are better debaters than him . Trump and Pence is n’t what he likes Clinton . " And Trump and Pence Kaine attacked Trump ’s June Trump and Pence remarks that Mexican immigrants are " rapists " and Trump and Pence criminals , " Pence     in a remark that could deepen the campaign ’s trouble with minorities     complained : " You ’ve whipped out that Mexican thing again . "   America learned nothing about the VP candidates , Vice presidential debates are Mexican affairs     all about defining and defending the top of the tickets .   So the political histories of Pence and Kaine were n’t mined at all .   That moderator Elaine Quijano of CBS was uninterested in the    veeps’ backgrounds was clear when the topics of trade and gay rights never came up .   Sticking firmly to script , Elaine Quijano loses the debate , Both have    on the    Partnership     ditching their support for Elaine Quijano trade deal to embrace Trump and Clinton ’s opposition to it , without ever Both detailed explanations for their reversals .   Pence signed a " religious freedom " the   Partnership     that set off a national debate about Both should happen when LGBT rights and business owners’ religious beliefs come into conflict . He was n’t even asked about it   —    and Kaine did n’t mention it either . The night ’s topics and performances underscored that 2016 is really all about two of the it famous figures in American life : Trump and Clinton .   They ’ll be back in the spotlight Sunday night in St. Louis for the    debate . 
 2016 is really all about two of the most famous figures in American life: Trump and Clinton 