Washington ( CNN ) Within a few hours of extraordinary political    President Donald Trump abandoned stances that were at the bedrock of extraordinary political   President Donald Trump    campaign .   NATO , extraordinary political   President Donald Trump said , is " no longer obsolete . "   extraordinary political   President Donald Trump backed down a threat to brand China a currency manipulator .   How extraordinary political   President Donald Trump came to love NATO , In another reversal , extraordinary political   President Donald Trump praised Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen , whom extraordinary political   President Donald Trump had previously pledged to replace when extraordinary political   President Donald Trump term expires , and once accused of holding interest rates low as a political boost for former President Barack Obama . It was not clear whether extraordinary political   President Donald Trump ’s sudden policy flips were the product of a new outlook and worldview . But previous presidents have often remarked that the world looks a lot different from the Oval Office than from a campaign rally . But extraordinary political   President Donald Trump political gymnastics did n’t stop there .   Days after his extraordinary political   President Donald Trump had seemed to accept an    approach that would allow Syrian President Bashar    to remain in control of his Syrian President Bashar    nation , Trump extraordinary political   President Donald Trump him Syrian President Bashar    a " butcher " over chemical weapons attacks on civilians     fueling speculation he Syrian President Bashar    advocates regime change . That position , sure to antagonize Russia , came as the President adopted the most skeptical view he the President yet displayed on the possibility of improving relations with the Kremlin , a position he the President advanced as a candidate and that flew in the face of geopolitical realities and universal elite opinion in Washington . " Right now we are not getting along with Russia Russia all . We we be at an    low in terms of relationship with Russia Russia " Trump said at a White House news conference , in stark tones at odds with his Trump vows to ease the new chill in ties with the US nuclear foe . By contrast , Trump Trump full of praise for Xi Jinping     whom he Trump in Florida last week     saying that he Trump the Chinese President was sincere in helping defuse the US showdown with nuclear North Korea . Trump Trump castigating China a staple of his Trump campaign , saying the Trump guilty of " rape " against the US economy and promising it would be Trump a currency manipulator on his first day Trump the Oval Office . It was almost as if Trump ’s outsider Trump never happened as he rushed to embrace Trump political and national security positions he once publicly abhorred Trump " Circumstances change , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer told CNN ’s Jim Acosta Wednesday when asked about the apparent reversals .    On China , Spicer cautioned the administration White House press secretary Sean Spicer report is not complete on whether to label China a currency manipulator China But he said the Chinese White House press secretary Sean Spicer made some improvements on currency in recent months . The administration has to the administration’s assessment on where China the administration’s now , China where it was during the campaign the administration’s Spicer said . On White House press secretary Sean Spicer , Spicer pointed to the White House press secretary Sean Spicer General ’s interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room " where he indicated that NATO countries the Secretary General been performing NATO in terms of their financial commitments . That NATO countries Trump ’s view of the group , Spicer said . It may NATO, Spicer be a coincidence that Trump ’s adoption of conventional Trump’s positions came the day after a stunning interview with the New York Post in which he publicly criticized his political guru Stephen Bannon he his insurgent , populist political he . Trump diminishes , but does Trump’s dismiss , Bannon , Bannon was dumped from the Bannon Security Council last week in a move that was seen as a triumph for officials who represent a more traditional , globalist foreign policy worldview . His demotion was seen as Bannon sign that the more moderate ,    influences in his administration epitomized by his Bannon Jared Kushner , Bannon ’s daughter , Ivanka Trump’s and chief economic adviser Gary Cohn were rising to the detriment of Bannon and his    cohort Stephen Miller Bannon Of course , one day of policy adjustments does not necessarily mean that Trump ’s unique political persona Trump’s methodology are suddenly going to change . After all , the President has spent most of his first 100 days in the President torching conventional political practice , trading in untruths and exaggerations , and pouring oil on political controversies on Twitter     including accusations that his campaign had links to the President Kremlin at a time when Moscow was being accused of interfering in the US election . There is no sign , for instance , that Trump is pulling back from other controversial positions     including doubling down on border enforcement and expulsions of undocumented immigrants . Still , the new tone on Russia , NATO , Yellen and Bannon amounted to too much of a sample of modified political behavior to represent a mere coincidence . NATO , Perhaps the most NATO    reversal by Trump on Wednesday came on Trump . While he was NATO candidate , Trump sent shockwaves through Europe Trump declaring that the most successful military alliance in history was " obsolete . "     with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg NATO Wednesday at an East Room Wednesday conference , Trump took the opposite tack Trump " The Secretary General and I had a productive discussion about what more NATO can do in the NATO against terrorism , " Trump said . " I Trump about that a long time ago and they made a change , The Secretary General and I now they do fight terrorism . The Secretary General and I said it was obsolete it ’s no longer obsolete it " Trump ’s claims that NATO Trump adopted an    NATO because of his efforts is highly debatable . Trump Western alliance spent years fighting NATO a war that was first launched to rout out    and its Taliban protectors after the September 11 attacks NATO 2001 . But Trump ’s comments allowed the President Trump way of walking back a position that had once threatened to undermine the very rationale of transatlantic defense relations . Stoltenberg offered a subtle reminder that NATO nations are hardly novices when it comes to fighting terrorism . He noted that the only time NATO invoked its Stoltenberg defense clause , Article Five NATO was NATO   . And he spoke about the sacrifices of more than 1 Stoltenberg 000 European and Canadian soldiers killed in the Afghanistan war . Still , Trump ’s comments on Wednesday , paving the way for his visit to NATO headquarters in Brussels in May Trump’s will likely NATO a sigh of relief through Europe . Russia , The President ’s modified rhetoric on Russia is also likely to reassure the American allies Russia had been deeply disturbed by his apparent desire to pursue a rapprochement with Moscow The President’s perhaps at the expense of Western allies . " I ’ll also see about Putin over a period of time . It would be a fantastic thing if we got along with Putin , and if we got along with Russia Putin And that could we , and it may not happen , it may be just the opposite , " Trump said . Trump ’s comments came with Secretary of State Rex Trump Moscow for frosty talks with Putin     and could reflect a new perspective on the Russian leader from Trump as he contemplates the Kremlin ’s support for Assad Trump the the Russian leader aftermath on chemical weapons attacks on civilians that prompted the President to launch cruise missile attacks last week . Assad in this room saw it all too many times over the last three or four days      young children dying , babies dying , fathers holding children in their arms that were dead , " Trump said . " fathers children     there ca n’t be a worse sight , and it should n’t be allowed . That ’s a butcher . a worse sight ’s a butcher . " China , If Trump was downbeat on Putin , he was surprisingly gushing about Trump , following their summit at Putin     resort last week . " I do n’t know Putin , but I do know this gentleman     I ’ve Putin a lot of time with him over the last two days , and he is the Putin of China , " Trump said during Putin news conference . " China Xi wants Trump do the right thing . We had Xi good bonding . I think we had a very good chemistry together . I think he wants We help us with North Korea . We North Korea Putin We talked a lot We things , " he We . " And We said , the way you ’re Putin to make a good trade deal is to help us with North Korea otherwise we ’re North Korea to go it alone . We While there is no We that China sees its interests as aligned with those of the United States over China North China question , or elsewhere North Korea , Trump ’s position did represent a complete overhaul of rhetorical Trump Beijing . Soon Trump his election , he warned Chinese leaders in the US election that he might use the issue of US relations with his and adherence to the " One China his policy on the table as a bargaining chip . Had he pursued that plan China he could have put policies that underpinned 40 years of    relations his risk . In an his with the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday , the President also gave notice that he would not penalize Beijing as Wednesday currency the President as he had promised to the President during the campaign . " They Beijing not currency the campaign the President Trump said .   The President repeatedly took the opposite stance during his Trump     even though experts say China the President suppressing the value of the yuan for the President , and has actually been doing the exact China . The President also gave a hint of flexibility on his demands for China to reverse the trade imbalance with the President States     another bedrock of his campaign . the President suggested that if China China to defuse his campaign to the US from its ally North Korea the President he might the President for North Korea advantageous trade deal China Yellen ’s Fed , Trump also offered an olive China to Yellen the President the Wall Street Journal interview . Yellen I like her , I respect her , Trump Trump Yellen , and referring to his prediction that the Wall Street Journal her when her term Trump in 2018 , Trump said Trump It ’s Trump early . " In yet another ditching of a campaign Trump Trump Trump expressed support for the US    Bank , a bête noire of some of the    voters that helped him reach the White Trump , which has been left in limbo with two open seats on Trump board . " Actually , it ’s a very good thing . And it actually makes money , it could make a lot of money , " Trump told the Journal . 
 Trump the Wall Street Journal it it 