Monday in Indiana , Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) explained the alliance between Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz and Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz opponent Gov. John Kasich ( ) to take on the current party    Donald Trump .   Partial transcript as follows : CRUZ : It is abundantly clear that nobody is getting to 1237 . We are headed to a contested convention . And at a contested convention , Donald Trump is in real trouble . Why ? Because Donald Trump can not earn the support of a majority of the delegates elected by the people . Donald has had consistently a hard ceiling of about 40 % that Donald ca n’t break . Donald has been a minority candidate , a fringe candidate . Now , Donald ’s benefited early in the race by having a multitude of opponents where the opposition to Donald was diffuse . But what we have seen happening over the last month is the Republican Party uniting behind we campaign . Indeed , of the 17 candidates who started the race , five have now endorsed our our campaign Rick Perry , Lindsey Graham , Jeb Bush , Scott Walker and Carla Fiorina . We are Rick Perry, Lindsey Graham, Jeb Bush, Scott Walker and Carla Fiorina the full spectrum of the the Republican Party uniting behind our campaign . And let me say something about the Hoosier state . There is a common sense sensibility about this great state . the Hoosier state leaders like governor Mitch Daniels , like governor Mike Pence , who roll up their sleeves and solve problems . leaders like governor Mitch Daniels, like governor Mike Pence, who roll up their sleeves and solve problems understand that when you cut taxes and lift regulations , the result is small businesses grow and jobs expand . We need a president in the spirit of Mitch Daniels and Mike Pence . that is exact low what this campaign is based on . My number one priority as president is jobs and economic growth . If I ’m elected president , we ’ll repeal every word of We . We will pass a simple flat We and abolish the IRS . We will rein in the EPA We the federal regulators , especially the EPA that is killing the coal industry , killing tens of thousands of jobs here in the state of Indiana . And Indiana and end We cities . And the effect of all of that is that we ’re going to see millions We millions of new    jobs coming back to America . We ’re going to see wages rising again . We ’re going to see manufacturing jobs coming back We Indiana , coming back from China , coming back from Mexico . We ’re going to see young people coming out We school having two , three , four , five , job opportunities again . That ’s what this election is all about .   last question . REPORTER : To voters who have watched you run as an outsider all these months now see you making this deal to John Kasich , how do you justify that as not collusion ? CRUZ :   Listen , I have been from day one an outsider . And the proof is in the pudding   —     but now you ’re   —   he proof is in the pudding . The voters the proof who has stood the pudding   led the fight against the Washington cartel from day one . I am the only candidate who has taken on not just Democrats but leaders in my own party over and over and over again . When I ran for senate , I promised the people of Texas I would lead the fight against Obamacare . That ’s what I did in the fight against the Washington cartel to the annoyance of the Washington cartel . As president senate ’ll repeal every word of Obamacare the Washington cartel ran for senate in Texas , I promised the voters I would lead Obamacare fight against amnesty . That senate what Texas did in the senate , the fight against the Washington cartel the gang of eight amnesty bill . At the same time that Donald senate $ 50 , 000 to the proponents of amnesty , I was leading the fight and we defeated amnesty in congress . as president . I will stop amnesty . We ’ll secure the borders , we ’ll the fight against the Washington cartel cities and we will end welfare benefits for those here illegally . REPORTER : Respectfully , sir , how is it not collusion ? What do We say to those people who We that it ’s collusion ? Donald Trump is saying that you are colluding and we expect to hear from him again and again . CRUZ : I understand that Donald will it . That ’s what he does . Donald is a sore loser . When he lost five Donald Trump in a low in landslide elections , Donald through a tantrum . His response is to Donald Trump the voters Donald His response is to attack the Donald . Yes , I get that the Trump campaign is Donald . They ’re scared Donald Indiana . If Donald was n’t scared His response ’d show up in Indiana and have a debate . But he would much rather hide in Trump the Trump campaign . He ’d much rather Donald in northeastern states that Donald to be more liberal than Indiana come to the Midwest , Donald to the heartland and defend his policies . Donald past week Donald Trump agreed with Hillary Clinton on raising taxes . In the past week Donald Trump came out and agreed with Hillary Clinton that Donald grown men should be able to go into little girls restrooms . And in the past week The past week ’s campaign Donald Trump who is a    Washington lobbyist Hillary Clinton this is important for people to understand , the entire Trump campaign is run by The past week it is the Washington Donald Trump is the lobbyists who are running his campaign . His lobbyist campaign manager went and talked to the top brass of the RNC Donald Trump said Donald is just putting   Washington an act the entire Trump campaign This is   Washington role he the entire Trump campaign playing Washington lobbyists ’s just pretending . He does n’t Donald . Now , at first the Trump camp denied that . That ’s their standard is to deny everything . Unfortunately for them , it was actually Donald on tape , Donald we have the tape of Donald Trump ’s lobbyist campaign Donald saying this is all Donald act , this is all a fake , he ’s a phony . Interestingly enough , that ’s almost the exact same thing their Trump told " The New York Times " back in January when he sat Donald Trump Times " editorial board . Trump told them he does n’t believe what he ’s saying on immigration Donald Trump he ’s not going to build a wall , he ’s not going to deport anyone . Once again , " The New York Times " has Donald Trump tape . Now , The New York Times he says that but Donald Trump n’t let Donald Trump The Times " release Donald Trump tape . If he did Donald Trump say he ’s not going to build a Donald Trump , he ’s not going to deport anyone and he ’s simply faking it The New York Times" Donald Trump supporters should demand Donald Trump he release the tape and prove his innocence . Donald wo n’t do that for Donald Trump same The New York Times" Donald Trump wo n’t a tape at a debate . Donald Trump this is a fraud that the lobbyists Donald Trump Washington are attempting to perpetuate on the American people . This is a fraud . The stakes are too high for us to a tape again . Donald we ’re all used Donald politicians a tape us after they Donald elected . Donald is betraying us before he gets elected and he Donald telling us he ’s lying to us . And so we are fighting to beat Donald Trump for the nomination . We are going to beat Donald this for the nomination . No one is getting to 1237 , we ’re headed to a contested us . And at that convention the nominee us be all by whoever can earn the support us a Donald of the delegates Donald by the us Donald And I   us the only candidate us will be able to do that is me . And us we earn the support Donald Trump majority of the nomination we ’re going to go forward and us Hillary Clinton in November . Donald ca n’t   —    a contested convention be a disaster for Republicans , for conservatives and for the country . And , yes , I understand that the Trump campaign is going to scream and cry . That ’s what they do . whining is what us do . because you notice , it is never us the delegates elected by the people ever Donald ’s fault . Can anyone think of any instance when Donald has ever said he ’s done anything wrong ? It does not appear that he thinks that ’s possible , that Donald could do something wrong . So it ’s always the voters’ fault . It ’s always the people ’s fault the Trump campaign It ’s always somebody else the Trump campaign fault . But Donald J. Trump you know what , we need a Donald understands the principle of the buck stops here . Donald Donald needs to learn Donald take some responsibility for and if he wants to make Donald case , show up and debate Donald Do n’t hide behind your media It . Because you ’re terrified of It . Answer the questions from the voters It Have it be a town hall , real Hoosiers asking real questions about real problems . And if Donald is too terrified to answer the questions asked by the Donald J. Trump Indiana , how on earth is Donald going to stand on Donald J. Trump debate stage with Hillary Clinton . If Donald ’s scared of the voters now , how bad do you Indiana Donald would be in a general election . and by the way , we the questions from the voters all seen a candidate in a general Hillary Clinton ’s a loose cannon who will say any given thing on any given day . Who will wake up one day and say as Donald trump did that Donald thinks women should be punished for having abortions . That ’s an absurd position . the voters    Every day if Donald Trump were the nominee , we would see a circus of loose cannon statements that he tries to walk back the next day . d that would result in disaster for Republicans across the country . Now Donald Trump get that Hillary Clinton would be thrilled to see the Donald Trump Donald J. Trump in Donald Trump general election . I get that the media , the network execs in just about every network are    Democrats , they the nominee for Hillary . Hillary Clinton thrill them more than Donald Trump that elects Hillary Clinton and gets great ratings while it ’s happening . That is the perfect storm from a media network executive the country , but it is a terrible outcome for Hillary Clinton people . And this election is going to be decided by Hillary Clinton And the Hoosier state , the entire country , its eyes are on this great state to choose between this election do we Indiana down the media, the network execs in just about every network are   Democrats Do we want to go down the path the media, the network execs in just about every network are   Democrats nominating a candidate whose entire campaign platform consists of yelling and screaming and cursing and insulting anyone and everyone it can find . Or do we want instead a positive , optimistic ,    conservative campaign with real policy solutions to the challenges facing this country . Follow Pam the people Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 the country we we 