Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina blasted Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina exclusion from the ABC Republican debate as a declaration that the vote in Iowa does n’t count and " an afront to Iowans and New Hampshirites " in an interview broadcast on Friday ’s " Special Report " on the Fox News Channel .   Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said , " Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina ’s a rigged game . The people of New Hampshire , and the people of Iowa should be furious . Because , you see the people of Iowa voted , and I beat [ Ohio Governor ] John Kasich and [ New Jersey Governor ] Chris Christie and I tied [ former Florida Governor Jeb Bush ] in delegate count and there are only eight candidates left . And yet somehow , ABC and the RNC are saying , ‘ Well , that vote does n’t count.’ And the people in New Hampshire should be furious , because this is a New Hampshire primary New Hampshire somehow New Nampshire is being told , the voters of New Hampshire are being New Hampshire ‘ No , ‘ do n’t get on hear from all eight candidates . We , media executives in New York , and the RNC in Washington , DC , we ’re going to decide We you get on hear from.’ That ’s an affront to Iowans and New Hampshirites . " When asked about the RNC ’s response that the RNC in Washington, DC the RNC in Washington, DC Arkansas Governor Mike Fiorina be allowed in the debate , and subsequently dropped out , Fiorina countered , " Mike Huckabee and Rand Paul dropped out because they ’ve got nowhere to go . Rand Paul dropped out because he has a Senate seat to defend . I Mike Huckabee and Rand Paul ground games in 12 states , Rand Paul in 25 states . Rand Paul ’m on the ballot in 33 states . We ’re going to be on the ballot in all 50 states , and there are a couple guys on that stage who can not say any of that . So , I ’ve earned my way onto this stage , and the voters ought to be furious . Fiorina Fiorina also questioned on those who say by staying in that stage ’s helping Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz win the nomination . She responded , " You know , the last Fiorina I looked , voters have a say in elections . I did n’t Fiorina it was up to the political establishment to decide . I did n’t think it was up to the media establishment to decide . I thought it was up to voters decide . So , let ’s let the voters decide the political establishment Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 voters decide 