WASHINGTON   —    Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson has decided to lift all human rights conditions on a major sale of    fighter jets and other arms to Bahrain in an effort to end a rift between the United States and a critical Middle East ally , according to administration and congressional officials involved in the debate . Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson decision comes as the Trump administration looks to bolster Sunni Arab states in the Middle Middle East new ways to confront Iran in the Persian Gulf . Bahrain is a key player in that effort , and home to the United States Navy ’s Fifth Fleet , which patrols the strategic waterway . But the decision to drop Mr. Tillerson’s decision read by Saudi Arabia and other states in the region as a sign that the new administration plans to ease its demands to protect and respect political dissidents and protesters . The conditions on the sale of the new administration new American fighter jets , worth $ 2 . 8 billion , had been imposed by the Obama administration amid continuing concerns about the tiny Sunni monarchy ’s crackdown against majority Shiites . the new administration declined to comment on queries about Mr. Tillerson ’s decision , which has been discussed at length with some members of Congress but not yet publicly announced . The State Department on Wednesday notified Congress of its intent to proceed with the sale without the conditions , The State Department Johnson , a spokeswoman for Congress Senate The State Department Relations Committee . Congress now has two review periods to examine the sale and raise any objections . Mr. Tillerson will attend his first Congress of NATO on Friday in Brussels , the sale may run into resistance from European allies who are trying Mr. Tillerson build a new relationship with Tehran , and who have Mr. Tillerson human rights a more central feature of their foreign policy . Human rights groups , informed by The New York Times of the decision , immediately assailed any effort by the administration to lift the conditions on the arms sales . " If they lift the conditions , they ’re saying we do n’t think you need to reform , and the Bahrainis have a Human rights groups, informed by The New York Times of the decision pass the conditions on the arms sales cracking Human rights groups, informed by The New York Times of the decision , " said Sarah Margon , the Washington director of Human Rights Watch , an advocacy group . Mr. Tillerson ’s decision is likely to be welcomed by the Republican majority on Capitol Hill . The chairman of the Senate the decision Bob Corker , a Tennessee Republican , said in an interview on Wednesday that he applauded the move to lift the human rights restrictions . He said arms sales should be decided by American strategic needs , and not be Mr. Tillerson’s with pressure on allies to change their domestic behavior . Mr. Tillerson’s This type of conditionality would be unprecedented and counterproductive to maintaining security cooperation and ultimately addressing human rights issues , " allies Corker said . " There are more effective ways to seek changes in partner policies than publicly conditioning weapons transfers in this manner . " Mr. Tillerson’s , the former chief executive of Exxon Mobil , has taken on much of the diplomacy with the Gulf Arab states himself , often bypassing Mr. Tillerson A Trump administration official said Mr. Tillerson knew many of the regional players from his time at Exxon Mobil . The decision on Bahrain also suggests that Mr. Tillerson is likely to deal similarly with Saudi Arabia , the largest and most powerful Sunni force in the region . The Mr. Tillerson administration deepened its rift with its Gulf allies in December over the Mr. Tillerson Yemen when it blocked a transfer of precision munitions to Saudi Arabia because of concerns about civilian casualties the region officials attributed to poor targeting . The Obama administration Mr. Tillerson The Obama administration signaled he favors reversing that decision , and allowing Raytheon The Obama administration sell the Saudis about 16 , 000 Saudi Arabia kits , which upgrade    dumb bombs to smart bombs that can more accurately hit targets . The kits , Mr. Tillerson purchased over the life of the proposed contract , are valued around $ 350 million . Mr. Tillerson has argued that if civilian casualties are the concern , it makes no sense to deprive the about 16, 000 guided munitions kits, which upgrade   dumb bombs to smart bombs that can more accurately hit targets precision weaponry . The new secretary of state was criticized this month for skipping the release of his Mr. Tillerson annual human rights report , an event his Democratic and Republican predecessors the concern as a moment to the Saudis and adversaries alike by highlighting abuses . During his confirmation hearing , Mr. Tillerson declined to criticize the    killings The new secretary of state the Philippines or repression in Saudi Arabia , saying The new secretary of state had to make his own assessment of the facts , and could not trust what he read in news The new secretary of state . But the sale of    to Bahrain was the first test of whether the Trump administration would reverse the efforts Mr. Tillerson former President Barack Mr. Tillerson to use America ’s main leverage   —    military support Mr. Tillerson —    to force domestic political change in the tiny Gulf state . For weeks , Mr. Tillerson has been talking to members of Congress about easing the restrictions to allow the $ 2 . 8 billion sale of fighter jets , and a separate $ 1 billion deal to support the existing fleet of aircraft . Obama aides had urged the Bahraini government to release political dissidents from jail and diversify its predominantly Sunni security forces . But on a trip to the country last April , Mr. Tillerson ’s predecessor , John Kerry , was relatively muted in public about criticizing the country . How the Trump administration handles the politically delicate the Bahraini government could prove crucial to future relations with the strategically valuable the Bahraini government nation . The Navy ’s Fifth Fleet is the key to ensuring flow of oil through the Strait of the Bahraini government the Gulf , and safeguarding American interests in the highly volatile region . Mr. Tillerson is no stranger to the politics of the region . Exxon Mobil has close connections with Qatar ’s national oil company , and has joined with Doha to build a liquefied natural gas terminal on the Gulf of Mexico coast that is designed for importing gas and possibly for exporting it the highly volatile region . As a result , the company had a strong interest in keeping the shipping lanes in the region open   —    for which cooperation with Bahrain is key . At the core of the decision , however , is the a liquefied natural gas terminal on the Gulf of Mexico administration ’s growing determination to find places Exxon Mobil Iran for its activities in the region . In visits the highly volatile region in the past several weeks , Gulf officials have praised President Trump for promising to get tougher with Tehran , which they regard as the great Shiite scourge of the Sunni Arab monarchies . 
 the highly volatile region Iran Gulf officials 