Washington ( CNN ) Two stories dealing with Russia ’s meddling in the election broke Tuesday night . And both were full of bad news for President Donald Trump . The first , an exclusive to CNN , revealed that a number of Democratic and Republican lawmakers on the House and Senate intelligence committees who have seen classified documents see no evidence that Obama administration officials did anything unusual or illegal , further suggesting Rep. Devin Nunes ,    misled Trump ( and the public ) when Trump ( described documents relating to the unmasking of Trump campaign officials caught up in an incidental collection operation by the intelligence community . Write CNN ’s Jim Sciutto , Manu Raju and Eric Bradner : " Jim Sciutto, Manu Raju and Eric Bradner private assessment contradicts President Donald Trump ’s allegations that former Obama national security adviser Susan Rice broke the law by requesting the " unmasking " of US individuals’ identities . President Donald Trump’s had claimed the matter was a ’massive story . ’ " The second , broken by The Washington Post , reveals that the FBI obtained a secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court court warrant in August 2016 aimed at monitoring the communications of President Donald Trump’s foreign policy adviser Carter Page . The key paragraph : " The FBI and the Justice Department obtained the warrant targeting Carter   Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page after convincing a Foreign Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court that there was probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent   Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page a foreign power , in this case Russia , according to the officials . " Scroll up . Read that one again . It ’s a " wow . that one Page has denied any wrongdoing .   Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page What ’s become clear over the first few months of the Trump White House is that we are n’t in the midst of a " he    said " when it comes to the campaign ’s ties to Russia . It ’s more of Russia " it    said , he said he she said , he said ,    said " he of situation he As in , on the one hand , we have Trump asserting that the whole story of Russia ’s attempts to influence the Russia via connections within his campaign apparatus is " fake Trump , " and grasping at the idea that somehow , some way he will be eventually proven right Trump his baseless claims that    Barack Trump ordered the wiretapping of Trump Tower . On the other , we have FBI Director James Comey , former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , the heads of both the House and Senate intelligence committees     both Republicans     and lots and lots of other prominent voices within the intelligence community insisting the Russian investigation is entirely justified and that no evidence exists for Trump ’s claims . It ’s not a fair fight the Russian investigation and should n’t be presented as one . And that has zero to do with partisanship and everything to do with the facts as we know them . The best path forward partisanship President Trump as it relates to Trump’s to pivot from his current       stance to one in Trump’s he embraces both the congressional and Justice Trump’s investigations into the Russian meddling into the election . Given the amount of smoke surrounding Trump ’s campaign and Russia , it Trump’s longer really a Russia whether it merits an investigation into whether there ’s it fire at its center . Simply because that ’s the it Trump should take , of course , does Trump’s mean it ’s the one he will choose . In fact , for Trump’s who prides himself on zigging when everyone thinks he should Trump’s , Trump likely wo n’t Trump’s this path . Trump’s all that ensures is that the Russia story will just keep getting worse for him and his administration . 
 Trump’s Trump’s 