’Imagine going to work at 7:30 every night and spending the next 12 hours , including meals and breaks , inside a factory where your only job is to insert a single screw into the back of a smartphone , repeating the task over and over and over again.’ ’During the day , you sleep in a shared dorm room , and in the evening , you wake up and start all over again.’ " That ’s the routine that Dejian Zeng experienced when Dejian Zeng spent six weeks working at an iPhone factory near Shanghai , China , last summer . And it ’s similar to what hundreds of thousands of workers in China and other emerging economies experience every day and night as hundreds of thousands of workers in China and other emerging economies assemble the gadgets that power the digital economy . " " Unlike many of those workers , Zeng did not need to do the job to earn a living . Zeng ’s a grad student at New York University , and Zeng worked at the factory , owned by the contract manufacturing giant Pegatron , for Zeng summer project . " ’’ Zeng Zeng six weeks in the summer of 2016 at a Pegatron facility on the outskirts of Shanghai for his his summer project ’ ’He told us : ’ ’Like many tech companies , Apple makes nearly all its computers and Apple in China , using contract manufacturers like Pegatron.’ ’That has recently become a contentious political issue , with President Donald Trump calling for Apple to bring Apple   —    and the jobs that come with it   — Apple back to the United States.’ " At the same time , Apple ’s overseas Apple has long been a target of criticism from some groups that point to workers’ long hours and low wages . " ’ say Apple has shifted Apple practices to Apple previous controversies over its factory workers Apple China . In March , Apple released its Apple report Apple " To see what the situation was like firsthand , Zeng went to work undercover in Pegatron ’s ChangShuo factory last summer , armed with . The factory he Pegatron’s ChangShuo factory and   with the reporting focusing on whether some workers were forced to work overtime shifts . " ’Apple employees are on the ground at the Pegatron facility every day , an Apple representative told Business Insider.’ " Apple performed 16 audits at the Apple Pegatron factory , finding that 99 % of workweeks were under 60 hours , with the average workweek for people assembling Apple products clocking in at 43 Apple . Wages at Pegatron have increased more than 50 Pegatron over the last five years , and they are higher than the Shanghai Wages at Pegatron wage , the representative said . Pegatron did n’t comment . " Pegatron , who plans to work at a Chinese    nonprofit when he graduates , said he believed a strike was imminent he the Pegatron plant when he went to work there . he strike happened , but Zeng a strike look into the he lives of factory workers who assemble iPhones.’ " Here ’s what he told Business Insider about his he . " ’This interview he been edited for length and clarity.’ ’’ " Kif Leswing : So what did you do ? I ’d love to hear about your day . " ’Dejian Zeng : At the beginning , I was assigned to the assembly line in the department called FATP , final assembling testing packing . We put the iPhone together.’ ’One line might have about 100 stations . Each station does one specific thing . At the beginning , I work on iPhone the beginning then after August , we are working on iPhone 7.’ " When We ’m working iPhone iPhone I do two stations . One iPhone at the beginning I did fastening speaker to housing the beginning " What I did is that I put the speaker on the case , and I put a screw on it . The [ iPhone ] housing   —    the case call it the iPhone case   —    We moving on the case assembly line , and that ’s when we pick it up , and now we get We screw from the case screw feeder , We then we put it on the iPhone and then put We back , the case it goes to next station . the iPhone ’Leswing : You the iPhone in charge of one screw?’ " Zeng : It ’s like , that ’s the work . I mean , it ’s simple , but that ’s the work that It do . Over , over , over again . For whole days . " ’Leswing : Did it drive you nuts?’ " Zeng : The first couple It days you ’re very concentrated because you could n’t catch up the speed of the assembly line . You need to be very quick to catch up . So you ’re very , very focused . It makes you very tired , but it keeps your mind on it . You have no It to think about things It I need to get quicker and quicker . " " And then , after awhile , you get more familiar to it , and that in the end , I can It do this screw by closing my eyes . It is just like that . So after that , you get a lot of time that you have nothing to do . That ’s when people feel very annoyed . Because in the Pegatron factories , any kind of electronic devices are not allowed to be inside the factories . " ’It makes you very boring there the Pegatron factories can’’t listen to music . Sometimes workers talk with each other , random chats , but sometimes your line manager gets very upset by that . They say , " Keep your voice low . " ’ workers : So when and where did you wake up every day?’ " Zeng : I wake up in a dorm shared by eight people . The dorm is not on the factory campus   —    a dorm shared by eight people in a place about 10 minutes drive , and they a dorm shared by eight people a shuttle bus for us . " ’At the beginning a dorm shared by eight people I would have work on the night shift . I wake up at 6 p. m. or 6:30 p. m.’ ’The assembly line starts working at different times . Some coworkers start working at 7:30 p. m. some workers at 8 p. m. some like 8:30 p. m , some at 9:30 p. m.’ ’I started at 7:30 p. m , so I take the shuttle bus at 7 p. m. and then we start getting to the factory about 7:15 p. m.’ ’After roughly two hours , you have a    break.’ " During the break , many people sleep . And it ’s kind of a struggle because this is not a very long time . And if you want a drink of water or if you want to go to the restroom , you need to walk out a huge workshop and then go to the restroom , and then come back in   —    takes the restroom minutes . " ’Leswing : So the bathrooms are not around?’ " Zeng : It becomes a struggle when you ’re very sleepy but also you need to drink some water . You can only do one thing . It ’s just go to the restroom or come back and take some sleep . " ’Leswing : the restroom came back from a    break . What do you do now?’ ’Zeng : After another two hours , we got a    break for lunch.’ " Generally , there are vegetables , meats , and sometimes it ’s like buns or noodles   —    and then basically it ’s like three vegetables , one meat , with rice . That ’s it a meal . " ’Sometimes they have apples , pears , some fruits as additions to the meal.’ " ’Sometimes whole factory eats there . It ’s a huge canteen room . " " If you have finished the The whole factory earlier [ than 50 minutes ] you can take some sleep also . Sleep is really a thing in the factory . You can see that in the lounge   —    we have a lot of long sofas , but it ’s not really a very comfortable sofa . It ’s like you can The whole factory the iron . " " People just sit The whole factory and sleep . But you ca n’t lay down . There are people walking around . If they see you lay down , they will swipe the ID and take a People of it . And they People the record in your profile . And then they the ID publish it People your a record of it line , so your manager would People and yell the ID you later . Sometimes if it happens multiple times , they deduct money . " ’Leswing : How much money would they take if People caught you sleeping?’ " Zeng : It ’s not catching you How much money   — How much money it ’s catching you laying . There are certain behaviors that you ca n’t do It The same thing happens if you accidentally bring a phone into the factories . It ’s not even getting inside . It ’s like when you ’re past the It detectors and it sounds and you It out your phone . You ’re on the record . It your lighters . Any metal . " ’Leswing : Did you like the food , and were you charged for it?’ ’Zeng : Yeah , we get charged for it , and it depends on what kind of food you choose . There are    meals , it meals . But that was inside the factories.’ " There are also restaurants inside    campus that people generally go eat at after they finish their work . Sometimes , if you ’re working on day shift , people that people more expensive . That was like up to 20 yuan , something like that . " ’Leswing : Was the food   ? ’ " Zeng : I would n’t say that . The chicken that I get . .. I never see the breasts or thigh . It ’s always the neck or certain parts that you ca n’t identify . " the breasts or thigh So I would n’t say that ’s a very good meal . But it keeps you full , and you ’re very hungry , so it keeps you the breasts or thigh anyway . It ’s reasonable . Not very good , but the breasts or thigh have no other choice . the breasts or thigh ’Leswing : Do you talk with people at lunch?’ " Zeng : If you are eating with your friends , sometimes you do . A Zeng of people just eat by themselves . You go get your meal , and then you eat , because it A lot of people like if you can eat it faster , you get more sleep . " ’After the lunch break , you it for two hours   —    two hours , and there is another 10 minutes in the middle of it.’ " Leswing : And by this point , you ’ve worked six hours . " ’Zeng : After two more hours   —    and about eight hours total   —    working , then it depends on whether you need to do overtime or not.’ " If you do n’t need to , you ’re off . Everybody is off . " " But generally , if you need to do overtime , it depends on if it ’s Monday to Thursday or it ’s Friday . " ’Friday , only work it hours overtime . Monday to it is 2 . 5 hours overtime work.’ ’And then you do one Monday day Thursday eight hours , on Saturday also.’ ’So total , the time workers spent in the factory is 12 hours , generally including the breaking times and lunchtime.’ ’Leswing : Does that also include you waiting in line to go through a metal detector and that kind of stuff?’ " Zeng : Does Zeng include . If you included those , you should "Zeng minutes more . " " Leswing : All right . So you ’re done . It ’s 7:30 in the morning . What do you do ? " " Zeng : I Zeng generally go have another meal afterward . Then you take the shuttle bus , go back to your dorm , take a the shuttle bus    if you ’re lucky , there is hot water . Sometimes there ’s no hot water or there ’s no water at all . " ’After a shower . .. people either go to internet cafe , play video games , watch videos , something like that , or you lay down , watch videos on your phone.’ ’Leswing : Pretty much everyone has a phone?’ ’Zeng : You have a phone . The dorms provide   . But to access the    you need to do something . You need to either download some apps for them or click something   —    comments or something   —    to earn some virtual coins.’ some apps You use the coins to get on the   .    hours is 20 coins . And then downloading apps sometimes are like 20 to 30 coins or something . So is it you can buy coins   —    like I remember it ’s like 100 coins about 5 yuan , something like that . But a lot of people it keep downloading . It ’s like a business . You need to need to do that to get access to   it " " In that same platform that you earn coins , there are free videos still available . So I think there ’s something good , that workers can watch videos for free . " " I would like to go to bed about 10 . You do n’t have a lot of time . You get very tired . And then most you can watch is one movie and then you really need to go to bed . And then the other day , you wake up at 6:30 again . And that ’s just a routine . " ’Leswing : Did you have any friends?’ " Zeng : I made friends with he roommates and also my coworkers on the same assembly line , but it ’s like the station around me , so we ’re sitting together . So those are very good friends . " ’And I also made some friends at the first couple of days , when we do some training ’And But during the training , you are together . Later , you get we " Leswing : Your dorm roommates some training going to be the same people . " " Zeng : No , we do n’t work on the same assembly or nearby , and "Zeng work on different shifts . we sometimes I never see my roommates for a month because we are we a different shift , and they shift it every month my roommates ’Leswing : Do you know we there with a family?’ ’Zeng : Yeah my roommates they are with their girlfriends or their wives.’ " Sometimes they rent an apartment outside the campus . You can my roommates to do my roommates , but my roommates ’s very pricey my roommates But if you have to , that ’s the only way . There are no dorm that there for a couple . " ’Leswing : So when you were on the assembly line with you with your mates , what did you talk about?’ " Zeng : That ’s where I find that the stereotypes about workers is not right . I "Zeng they [ would be ] uneducated . Wrong . They are talking about a lot of things . They talk about the the stereotypes about workers relationship , foreign relations in the South China the stereotypes about workers , because at that point there is news the stereotypes about workers that . " ’Leswing : Did your coworkers like their jobs?’ " Zeng : So Zeng would say we do n’t like it and we do n’t hate it . " ’We just consider it a job that can give us money . Nobody enjoys the we , because the it of getting to work is it to get out.’ " The we thing that we ’re thinking about is really money , money , money . I need to get some money from my family , I need to support my life , support my kids . " " That ’s the only thing in their mind . Sometimes they do n’t even care how tired they are . " " Some workers have worked at different my kids and think Pegatron my kids stricter management . You ca n’t my kids your Pegatron in their factory . You ca n’t listen to music . Sometimes there are people walking around that do n’t allow you talk Some workers loud . " " So some workers have a comparison and think Pegatron has stricter controls . That ’s something that gets Pegatron annoyed . " ’Leswing : Is it a respected job ? Is it a job that people go , " Oh , that’ ’s a decent way to earn a living"?’ " Zeng : it Zeng n’t think so . People working the factories are also working on becoming a security guard , deliveryman , housekeeper . So it ’s the same kind of level of position . You do n’t see it as better . " " I think the only way to look at the factory job is that you really keep it from being homeless . Because you need no skills , you just get into the factories . They do n’t even ask you any questions . During the interview , you can just get in that the factories And then the factories take care of your meals and your dorm . " " So it ’s like if you really have nowhere to go the factories if you ’re in the city alone and have no relatives to support you , go to the factory . You might earn some money , a little bit , and then gradually you can get the factory together . " ’Leswing : Did anyone see it as a career?’ " Zeng : I Zeng n’t think people really see it as a career . " " The turnover rate is very high . It ’s very normal for workers to leave after two it or a month . Some workers get there and if they do n’t The turnover rate it , they quit very quick . " ’But some people can stick there longer . And after one year Some workers you can get promoted to Some workers the line manager.’ " There are different structures . At the lowest level , you ’re an operator , and then you get into the multitask worker [ position ] . The third level is group leader , and then it ’s line manager . Then above is section manager , and then there ’s the division manager , and then there is the The third level director . " ’There are workers that can really move up this chain . line manager that , at most , you can become a line manager.’ ’But there are people who could get promoted by that chain , but not a lot of people can sustain that kind of life for that long time.’ ’And then the pattern of Chinese migrant this chain that they go out to the city and do jobs for a ’And , and then they quit , then they go back home to stay one month Chinese migrant workers the city year or something like that , and then go out or find another Chinese migrant workers ’Leswing : Did Chinese migrant workers coworkers use Apple products?’ ’Zeng : Some workers have iPhones , but not very many because of the monthly wage.’ ’If they are affordable for workers , then they will buy Apple . But they are saying , " I really want that ? " Can they save two Some workers ’’ wages to get an iPhone Some workers They won’’t Apple that . Some workers phones they generally use are Chinese productions like Oppo or something Some workers that.’ " Leswing : Do the people working there at Some workers know they ’re assembling Apple products Some workers " ’Zeng Pegatron They know . We all know that we are assembling Apple products . We even know " this is the people iPhone 6 Apple or " this is the the people 7 that’ ’s coming out . We all Everybody knows.’ Apple : So We all did you know when production switched from the iPhone 6 to the iPhone 7 ? Did people know that this was an unreleased product ? Was there additional security around it?’ ’Zeng : The controls gets more strict . They increased the sensitivity of the metal detectors.’ " So you know it?’ girls , they have bras ? And so they could n’t pass the door because additional security around it?’ had the metal in the bra . And so a lot of the girls some girls to change all of the some girls that day because they increased the some girls . " " And then you passed two security checks . There ’s a lot of security that day " " Here ’s how it the girls : Our factory , when we got to working , they are already assembling the infrastructure of the assembly line . They have this curtain circling it so you ca n’t even see how Our infrastructure is , right the girls " ’We were working at the same workshop , but the girls are people doing construction it " And then after they ’ve finished the infrastructure of the assembly line need to move people in , we were moved out and working in another building of the factories . And then they prepare everything , people doing construction there.’ everybody moved back in . " " And then Our iPhone 7   —    at that point it was a trial production . That people doing construction there.’ of experience is totally different from when we produced iPhone 6S because that ’s a whole day , and I consider it as torture . " " Because one day for 12 hours , you only Our five phones . You sit there and have nothing to do , waiting for iPhone 6S hours . Sometimes they do n’t allow you to speak . You just sit there quietly and have nothing to do , and wait until the next phone comes in . You ’re trying to assemble it , and then you put it back and you wait for another few hours for the next one to come in . " " When we were producing the the next phone comes in 7 , they have Apple the next phone comes in there every single day to monitor the process . Because it ’s a new product , they want to see if the iPhone new problems . " they management of the factory becomes very , very careful . It needs to Apple staff there very , very clean . they the    need the factory in the exact position of where they should be . The process changed a lot because it ’The management of the factory to be just an assembly line . They made it a clean room   —    like they want to keep the dust out.’ the process every time you get in the process you need to have a roller to clean they the the process , and then you get it , they all of these procedures , you need to do that . Management is very careful , constantly walking around . You ’re the dust talk or sleep . " ’When you a roller to clean all the dust talk and are just sitting there for a couple of hours , you get sleepy . I was falling asleep three times one day , and every time when the multitask workers , the assistants of the line manager , would walk out and would spot me sleeping , they would say , " No , no , no , " and wake me up . The third time he caught me sleeping , he said , " You , stand up . " the multitask workers, the assistants of the line manager so I was standing next to the assembly line , not even allowed to sit.’ ’Leswing : Were you doing the same screw for he iPhone 7?’ ’Zeng : No . At the later part of producing the the assembly line I was switched to another station called camera cowling . So they have a protector on top of the camera , and I need to have the cowling fastened . It also was putting in two screws so the camera would be where it is.’ " Leswing : Cowling . That is a word I ’ve never heard before ! " " Zeng : There ’s a the cowling of terms . There ’s a lot the camera . " ’Leswing : the camera the factory workers   —    they obviously work for Pegatron   —    but do they think they work Pegatron Apple at some level?’ ’Zeng : They definitely know they are producing Apple products and consider themselves a part of that process.’ ’Leswing the factory workers   How did you know that there Apple Apple staff?’ the factory workers   : the factory workers   tell you . They say , Apple The the factory workers   is here the factory workers   " They call Apple " the the factory workers   . " Sometimes Apple staff comes Apple do an audit or something like that . They walk around the factory workers   assembly line.’ ’They the factory workers   always very serious Apple , and we would be the factory workers   Apple " The The client here . " ’ " Leswing : Do people who work for Pegatron know the the factory workers   story ? Here in the United Pegatron , Apple is seen as one of the important companies , something that drives us . You know , there ’s this whole Apple about Steve Jobs and its current CEO Tim Apple . Are they aware of that ? " " Zeng : I do n’t think they understand Apple that much . I think the general concept is they "Zeng that Apple sells a lot of Steve Jobs , that a lot of people consider it as something fancy . Apple think that ’s their understanding . they " It depends on the Apple . Some workers I know they real tech fans . There ’s Apple worker who sat next to me , he was 18 . He had just gotten out of they school and was trying to get into college after his summer job . He was a big fan of Apple , so he could talk a lot about Apple one worker who sat next to me " " Leswing one worker who sat next to me And did he think it was so cool that he was working on an iPhone one worker who sat next to me Apple n’t come one worker who sat next to me ? " " Zeng : Apple , people one worker who sat next to me considered it as a very cool thing   —    typically when they one worker who sat next to me working on an iPhone 7 and one worker who sat next to me it ’s not yet out . " " Leswing : Overtime pay seems to be the big issue . It ’s the one China Labor Watch [ an activist labor group people worked with Zeng ] pushes   —    it had all these   and it seems to be , you know , a     issue . But it ’s also hard to explain . " " Zeng : Apple has really been "Zeng the rules . They do pay 1 . 5 times pay when overtime is during your workday , and they double it when it it on Apple . All the payments are legit "Zeng I would say they ’re following the policy . they " [ Editor ’s note : Apple told Business Insider that Pegatron had 99 % they with workers working it a Pegatron workweek , and Pegatron workers who make Apple products work for All the payments hours per week Apple average . ] " ’But the overtime thing , from my experience , it’ ’s involuntary . You can’’t leave easily . Apple then every time you ask , " Can I leave ? " they would just say , " You have to work on the assembly line . " And so you know that every station needs to have somebody doing it . And if you leave , who is going to do it’ " It ’s not easy the assembly line not do overtime . It ’s involuntary . I would say that it?’ the issue . Workers do n’t have a choice . If I do n’t want to work , if I ’m really tired today and I do n’t want to work , I It n’t do that . I think that ’s the big issue . " ’The overtime thing is also complicated because sometimes you hear about a worker who demands that " I want to work overtime . I want that money . " But they are being pushed to that path because the the big issue is just too low . I can’’t make a living without doing overtime , that’ ’s why I " volunteer , " quote unquote , to do that . The factories know it that money . The workers , too . They know that when you get into the factory , you need to do overtime to get your payment.’ ’Leswing : So when you say overtime , does that mean over 60 hours a week?’ " that’ : Over eight hours a day , The workers, too was overtime . Another thing is that when I was "Zeng , most of the time , it was n’t a busy season . A lot of the time shifts over 60 hours [ a week ] are when it ’s a busy season . " ’After I left factories , they started a massive production of the iPhone 7 . And I still have a connection with workers there . They said that they start working on Sunday . And one worker who I talked to said he the iPhone 7 for 11 days straight.’ ’Leswing ’After Eleven days in a row?’ " Zeng : Yeah , consistently for 11 days . It ’s obviously over ’After hours when ’After start working "Zeng Sunday also . So I think they have a different one worker who I talked during busy season and not busy season . I do n’t know how the factory gets past the system where workers need to record their working time . Because when you go to work , Sunday swipe your card . And my friend said they do swipe their cards when they work on Sunday . And I think it the factory obvious violation of Apple policy . I do n’t know workers the factory gets past that . " " [ Editor ’s note : Apple told Business Insider that it conducted 34 audits they Apple workers they including 29 Sunday facilities in China , Pegatron 16 at the ChangShou factory . Apple found 99 % Apple with a the factory Apple ] " ’Leswing : Did you notice any negative effects from Business Insider too many hours besides just sleep.’ " Zeng Apple I do n’t think you give workers enough time to do other stuff . The time left "Zeng your life is very , very limited . It ’s just a couple of hours . And then there ’s not much you can do . I consider that a problem . " " In the new report , they said a lot of workers get opportunities for training in some programs   —    they can The time left in your life their careers and stuff like that . But when you are working 12 hours , you are exhausted . And the only thing you want is some rest , and there ’s not enough time for that . " ’Leswing : What if someone wanted to a lot of workers a vacation?’ a lot of workers : My friend said that when it’ ’s busy season , you can’’t take it . They just don’’t allow it . And even if it’ ’s not a busy season , when you request it , they will ask , " So what are you doing ? " ’ my friend when it’ ’s not very busy , they sometimes grant it . I would say that the attitude it not very good . It ’s always like you are trying to make trouble it them They whether you ’re asking for overtime or to not work overtime or are asking for it . They will have a They bad attitude it you . " ’Leswing : Who was your boss?’ ’Zeng : In the attitude assembly line , the power structure is very clear . They person you receive direction from the most is your group leader . They give you demands . They They the ones who hold meetings after work to the assembly line performance . They are the ones who keep pushing you , saying , " We have 500 pieces left , keep working ! " ’ ’The capacity of the whole campus , I think , is 100 , 000 They workers ] . When I was there , there were about 70 , 000 They . In Pegatron , they are building new buildings . They They Pegatron " Leswing : Why do n’t Pegatron workers unionize ? I understand obviously China has a Pegatron union system than the United States . " " Zeng : There are a couple of reasons . As I mentioned , the only thing the about 70, 000 workers thinks about is money . about 70, 000 workers unions can bring them money , they might want it . That ’s why in China the United States " ’And then they had a big movement and requested , " We need to have a union , we need to have our own elections , " and stuff like that . But in that movement , unions see that unions workers get their money back , when they got their wages increased , they didn’’t unions about the union thing . " As long unions I get my money back , I don’’t care . we ’ ’And the workers couldn’’t strike for seven days . These a big movement the money every single day . They can’’t workers to do a strike workers themselves workers Another thing is workers I see there’ ’s no structure for being on strike or unionized . There’ ’s no leader . You need leadership for those people who go to the factories . They’’re just the workers very my money . You go to work , the workers then you work 12 hours , and the workers you get out . If there’ ’s nobody saying , " We need to do this stuff , " then they just keep working.’ ’Another point to point out is that the turnover rate is just so high . People react to disappointment by walking out   —    " I just leave the factory . I hate this place . I There’ go . There’ ’s other factories and other jobs . I just go . " ’ ’So the high turnover rate plays a role . It’ ’s very hard for people to have that kind of unity . It’ ’s like , " the factory with these people for a month , this guy is leaving tomorrow , and this There’ arrived yesterday . " ’ ’Leswing : Are there any open secrets at Pegatron?’ ’Zeng it’ So we know that there are some stations on the assembly line it’ we know the jobs are easier than on other stations . There are some stations that you just need to put a sticker on.’ " There are this guy   —    for example , doing trash the assembly line    you do n’t have nothing to do . You just sit around for a while there until there ’s some trash to pick up and classify . " " And so there are some stations that are easy , and those stations go to people the managers like . Sometimes they ’re girls . Most of the cases they go to girls , and the men are always doing the screwing . Yeah , it ’s always the screwing . " ’Leswing : Is there anything that Pegatron knows is like a    line , like underage Pegatron " Zeng : some stations that are easy they care about underage workers . I can see people they ’re doing stuff trying to control people . " " They are very careful about safety training . That ’s part of training they do the screwing but that ’s just about safety . They only do two days of training , and the focus is on safety . " " Leswing : What ’s the mobile platform called ? " " they : I only remember the Chinese one . It ’s they 掌知识 ( Zhang Zhishi ) . It "Zeng an online platform where they uploads a lot of security trainings , sometimes about careers they " " Leswing : And it ’s uploaded by Apple ? " ’Zeng : I think they said that they developed this platform with Apple . Workers can log in to learn about the material.’ ’They the mobile platform called you . The Apple day they said : the mobile platform called OK , everybody gets this QR code . Scan Apple on your phone and download this app . And if you don’’t the mobile platform called this app , you won’’t get distributed to the assembly ’Zeng: tomorrow . ’Zeng: ’ ’So everybody downloaded it , and sometimes when you’’re working on the assembly line , the manager would say , " Workers everybody downloaded this ? Remember you need to download this . " this QR code " the assembly line training , we got our don’’t , our hats , our this app —    they ’re the assembly line the hat is blue . The pants are blue , and this QR code the slipper is dark . " ’Leswing : And you only get one of those?’ " Zeng : I only got one of those , so on the this you need to wash it . And sometimes people do n’t we it for we whole week we You get sweaty . our hats, our slippers   get very stinky . Some peers get very stinky . But you only get one set   —    that ’s the thing . " " And you need to have the full set when you get into the factory . They ’re very , very strict about it the slipper " ’Here’ ’s one detail I remember the slipper When the subfactory’ ’s leader comes , they say , " Listen , are you pregnant ? Raise your hand . " And then nobody did . And then he said , " If you think you are going to the factory tired standing up , you can come up to me people . " ’ ’And he said the full set " If you are a student worker , if you are going to work here less than three months , please stand up . " And then nobody stood up . The reason he did it is that the subfactory’’s leader somebody stood up , they lost their job.’ ’Leswing : Oh , wow.’ ’Zeng : We also needed to get injections the subfactory’’s leader We had to get vaccinated the subfactory’’s leader But before we got vaccinated , they asked if you have any serious diseases or if you have something going on with your immune system , which was intended for HIV patients , please stand the subfactory’’s leader . And he asked a few questions before we got the they . I saw it as a violation of privacy because we were in a big We with more than 100 people.’ ’The fourth We we came back we got vaccinated did more training.’ ’Those trainings are more about Apple’ ’s standards . They said , " Here are a few things that our client cares about , " including involuntary overtime and child workers . They listed We four injections core violations that Apple injections about.’ " There ’s all We of different trainings , even about building personal relationships and how to manage We money   —    all kinds of things . Apple I could see that the training more training.’ ’Those trainings required by Apple , because after that training we more training.’ ’Those trainings to do a written test , and the answers were all from more training.’ ’Those trainings trainings . " " We did a couple of tests Apple there are different trainings that are supposed to be done over several days . But we did them all at once and then took the exams . There ’s one exam that was very difficult . The first question was about translating the training Chinese to English , and I did n’t even understand some of the English . " ’Leswing : Your English we fantastic though.’ ’Zeng : For the very hard test , they give you the answers and just said to write down we they told you . After all the tests , we have an evaluation on the training.’ ’They gave us an evaluation   —    " how did you feel about the training ? " They are very careful with that English paper . They said : English English any mistakes . We need this paper to be very clean with the answers on it . " ’ ’It was a scale where they was the worst and five was the best . They said we could do four or five we And so everybody did four and five , the training submitted it.’ " Another thing to they is the bonded labor . I still say that they are contractors of the suppliers who are holding they IDs . In Pegatron , the workers come in different ways this paper Some Pegatron are directly recruited . Some are referred by a subcontractor   —    Pegatron has a they with they . When they refer Pegatron , if those people can work in Pegatron over 20 they , Pegatron pays a certain amount Pegatron money for that referral Pegatron So it ’s a huge business . All the stores nearby [ the factories ] are referral companies . " ’I know all of the workers , some of my close friends are my roommates   —    they come from that kind of channel.’ " Some were recruited Some the subcontractor . You Some give your ID to them . And then if you are able to stay in the factory over 20 days , that referral get 800 yuan or something . It ’s a huge amount for [ the workers ] but it ’s the    the workers " " So they get extra money by going that [ referral ] channel some of my close friends It ’s a very complicated issue there some of my close friends " " Leswing : But people do have their ID their ID the some of my close friends , by the subcontractors . Do you think they ’re spotting all violations ? " ’Zeng : Pegatron has a survey system that accepts complaints from workers Pegatron . That is a good system , It it has not been implemented in Pegatron factories , at least factories I worked at.’ ’They Pegatron a complaint system It but who is handling those complaints ? A factory worker . So you are submitting people of the factory to the factory staff.’ " I submitted my complaint saying people I had been forced to do overtime , I do n’t want to do that , but my manager did n’t allow me to leave earlier . That " And they do n’t want me to file a complaint here . So I do n’t see the system there is working . But I would say that if Apple does have a system that is the factory to Apple , that might be better , like what they have in Foxconn . It ’s a very the manager to Apple . " " [ Editor ’s note : Apple told Business Insider that it has employees on the ground at I had been forced to do overtime every day to support its operations in addition to Pegatron whether the factory is complying with Apple ’s standards . ] " ’Leswing : Tell me about your first day at Pegatron.’ " Zeng : You show Apple in front of the factories and see a Apple of people waiting in Apple "Zeng their luggage . There ’s Apple members of the staff sitting at a table Apple their computer . You Apple walk up to them and they ask you for your ID Apple they swipe it and record it the factory computer , and then Apple later on , they ask for your hand . They look at your hands to see whether they are intact , and then they ask you to recite the English alphabet . " ’Leswing : Why?’ ’Zeng : Because you use English letters on the assembly line . For example , the staff station was called E26 . Sometimes they the staff to the staff English letters.’ ’Leswing : Do most the staff people your ID the English your ID " their computer Some of them do . And if the staff really want to get this the staff the assembly line ask their peers to teach them the staff It ’s just 26 letters the staff Sometimes people get it wrong , but it ’s just a procedure . Even if you can barely finish it , they still let you in . " ’After , people take your fingerprints , and then you need "Zeng a physical English You pay 70 yuan for the physical examination.’ ’Leswing : You have to pay ? What if you Some of them up without money?’ ’Zeng : You borrow Some of them from other Some of them " They ’re Some of them for tattoos , blood , and other things . If It blood tests positive It HIV or you ’re pregnant , I do n’t think you It allowed people " ’For pregnant people , I’’m sure you’’re not allowed . For HIV , I’’m not sure . The doctor was very explicit , even before we paid . They said , " Listen , if you are pregnant or if you have a tattoo over 10 centimeters , you’’re not allowed to get people the factory , so don’’t bother to do the physical examination . " ’ " The next day , there ’s a lot of paperwork , for your bank account and stuff . And then we also need to do facial recognition because when you get inside the factories , they do facial recognition in addition to swiping your card even before we paid " ’You the factory information , and they prepare your don’’t card for you.’ ’On the third day , you you’’re getting paid . After you sign the contracts , they start training you.’ ’Leswing : So what are the main safety things?’ ’Zeng : They let you know that if you are injured , you are able to go to we hospital and get reimbursed . So that was good . And they consider a the factories of things to be " occupational injuries . " For example , if you spill hot water when you are getting water from the fountain and then you get burned , they pay for it . If you break your they when you are working downstairs inside the factories , they pay for it . ’Zeng that’ ’s a good thing.’ ’After the safety training , there was another training about your salary . It was about overtime , about Social Security , ’Zeng about the mobile , the union WeChat platform . So they covered all those things , but the speaker goes very , very quickly.’ " I mean , I can tell he was n’t ’Zeng in the mood to do it . I paid 100 % attention trying to take notes , but the factories could n’t your leg It was too fast . The whole slideshow was finished in 20 minutes or something . " ’Leswing : And that was about your money.’ " Zeng : It ’s about my money ! It ’s very important . It ’s about how I get paid . I learned about my overtime pay later on , on the mobile platform that the speaker the slides on it . " ’Leswing : How much did you make for your six weeks there at Pegatron?’ ’Zeng : I stayed there for one and a half months , or six weeks.’ " So "Zeng they pay you monthly . So I get the first month is about 3100 yuan , so that ’s about $ It . " ’Leswing : It enough to buy an iPhone.’ " Zeng : Definitely not   —    and that is for a month ’s production . And then I get that half month , like 1500 yuan . " ’Leswing : And do you think that was in line with your coworkers there?’ " Zeng : Yeah , people are pretty much getting the same rate . But the number I ’m giving to you is the base salary plus the overtime payment . " "Zeng [ Editor ’s note : Apple told Business Insider that the base wage at Pegatron has increased more than 50 % in the last Pegatron years and is higher than the Shanghai minimum wage . ] " ’The base salary is very "Zeng The pay salary is 2320 yuan , which is set by the Shanghai city government . So that is just "Zeng the minimum wage . And then the over time , the payment is added on that.’ ’That minimum wage is the same for everyone around the city . Apple always meet the minimum wage required by law.’ ’Leswing : Here in the United States , we have President Trump now , and one of his big themes is bringing manufacturing back to the United States.’ " Zeng : From the labor perspective , I do n’t think it ’s very realistic for bringing    manufacturers into the US . the Shanghai minimum wage saying that   —    just think about wages . Chinese people are getting 2320 yuan , which is about $ 400 per month . " ’How ’That minimum wage are you going to pay for the US workers in terms of base salary?’ " If it really happened , if factories "Zeng really moved President Trump the US , I wo n’t see it create a lot of jobs . I would see workers getting replaced by a lot of machines , because a lot of the work I see in the factory can actually be done by machine . " ’The only reason why we do it is because the labor is even cheaper than the machine.’ ’Leswing : What would you recommend for an American , a European , a customer who is worried about these human issues , how can they create change?’ " the US This is a very tricky issue it I personally think a boycott or stopping the customers who are buying Apple products is not realistic . It ’s very hard to the factory much people to stop buying Apple . " " Talk more about it . You do more posting to your social media , and be aware that every day when you use your iPhone , just think that there are a lot of people working day and night to produce this kind of piece [ the labor holds up his iPhone SE ] right now you ’re using . There are human hands behind this . " Apple going to work at 7:30 every night and . This ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 Apple This he 