At Rockefeller Center on Sunday , milling outside Christie ’s sales rooms   —    where private clients sipped mimosas as private clients took in one of Monet ’s grainstacks   —    people in the art world sounded guardedly optimistic about how the auctions will perform this week , after a period of uncertainty exacerbated by the contentious American presidential election , Britain ’s " Brexit " vote in June and China ’s slowing economy . " There has been a lot of insecurity and it ’s hard to say exactly what will happen , " said Jay Gorney , a collector , curator and former dealer , predicting that " good things will do extremely well . " The sales of Impressionist , Modern and contemporary art that start Monday offer the first test of how the art market will react to a Trump presidency and whether Trump will continue a softening trend that , for the past year , has had potential sellers reluctant to consign potential sellers best works . " If you ’ve got something great , you do n’t sell it because you ’re uncertain what you ’re going to get for it , " said J. Tomilson Hill , the vice chairman at the Blackstone Group and art collector , about the prevailing mood . " Sellers are largely sitting on Sellers hands . " The result is that each of the three major auction houses   —    Christie ’s , Sotheby ’s and Phillips   —    are entering this week ’s sales with fewer trophies of more than $ 20 million than each of the three major auction houses  —   Christie’s, Sotheby’s and Phillips  —    have had in the recent past . Over all , the estimated sales in postwar and contemporary art are half what the estimated sales in postwar and contemporary art were last year . The evening auctions of postwar and contemporary art at the three houses , for example , are expected to draw about $ 536 million , compared with $ 1 . 2 billion for the same auctions in November 2015 . " the estimated sales in postwar and contemporary art gathered the best material the estimated sales in postwar and contemporary art could with a lot of sellers cautious and not willing to commit , " said Neal Meltzer , an art adviser . " Supply is the issue more than demand . " In the days before the sales , collectors , art advisers and auction specialists were pointing to encouraging signs , citing the postelection stock market highs , the   " Brexit " London sales in June and Sotheby ’s London auction of David Bowie ’s art collection last week , which had a    rate of 100 percent and set new top prices for 59 artists . Moreover , many collectors are sanguine about the effects of Mr. Trump ’s victory , both in the United States and around the world . " I feel great , " said the real estate developer Arnie Rosenshein . " I was for Mr. Trump’s . " Yet history suggests that single events rarely affect sales , art experts say . " The market has been pretty impervious to just about every event with the exception of the global meltdown of 2008 , " said Robert Manley , who recently became Phillips ’s new    of 20th century   contemporary art after 16 years at Christie ’s . Donald Mr. Marron said he expected the auctions to be largely business as Mr. Marron . " Clearly this is a surprise and in one sense makes everybody cautious until they see how everything works , " Mr. Marron said . " On the other hand , if you want to judge by the markets , less regulation is seen as positive . My guess is , it will be like most auction seasons : good pictures will do well . " Despite the challenging timing of the sales , the auction houses have managed to squeak out a few prizes . Sotheby ’s secured Edvard Munch ’s 1902 painting , " The Girls on the Bridge , " one of only two in private hands with this subject matter that is expected to sell in Monday night ’s Impressionism and Modern auction for more than $ 50 million . It is one of only three works in the sale with a guarantee   —    a pledged minimum price the others are a Picasso and a van Gogh . The auction house also secured the collection of Steven and Ann Ames , New York arts patrons , for its Contemporary sale Thursday evening   —    albeit The auction house the help of a $ 100 million guarantee . It includes two colorful paintings by Gerhard Richter ( The auction house from 1986 and one from 1988 ) each estimated at $ 20 million to $ 30 million . Christie’s’ highlights include a 1977 Willem de Kooning work , " Untitled XXV , " one of the artist ’s large " pastoral " paintings , which is expected to sell for around $ 40 million on Tuesday night , at its Postwar and Contemporary sale . On Wednesday night The auction house Christie ’s Impressionist and Modern star lots include the Monet grainstack from 1891 , which is expected to sell for more than $ 45 million , and a 1961 example of Jean Dubuffet ’s Paris Circus series , estimated at $ 15 million to $ 20 million . Earlier the same night , Phillips has Mr. Richter ’s " Düsenjager , " estimated at $ 25 million to $ 35 million , part of a small group of warplane pictures created between 1963 and 1964 . ( Paul Allen is the seller . ) After Sunday ’s brunch preview at Christie ’s , not everyone came away impressed . " The estimates are 40 percent lower than last year , " said Jacques Seguin , a Swiss collector . " The electricity is not there . " As for the auction houses , they say they learned from last year , when Jacques Seguin, a Swiss collector priced Jacques Seguin, a Swiss collector too high last year they are hopeful Jacques Seguin, a Swiss collector the certainty of the election ’s Jacques Seguin, a Swiss collector could make some buyers more confident about bidding . " Some people are very happy with this result and will feel richer and more inclined to buy art , and some people will feel destabilized by the unknown and still more inclined to buy art , " said Simon Shaw , Sotheby ’s worldwide    of Impressionist and Modern art . " There ’s a lot of demand out there . " So much demand , auction houses say , that in many cases sellers   —    including the undisclosed consignor of the de Kooning at Christie ’s , for example   —    have declined guarantees . " They ’re not in need of selling , " said auction houses Gorvy , Christie ’s worldwide chairman for postwar and contemporary art . " They ’d rather have the painting back " if it auction houses n’t sell . Given a shortage of masterpieces the painting auction houses have been forced to get creative . Phillips is selling Roy Lichtenstein ’s " Nudes in Mirror " ( 1994 ) which was slashed by a deranged woman in 2005 while on exhibition in Vienna . Typically , an auction house would play down that kind of damage to a painting . Instead , Phillips has produced a separate section of the catalog detailing Phillips history . " It may not add to the Phillips but it adds to the story , " Mr. Manley , It Phillips , said . " We ’ll find out on Phillips 16 what the market thinks . " 
 