  ( CNN ) South Korea ’s ousted President Park    left the executive mansion Sunday , two days after the Constitutional Court voted to remove her from office . Park left the executive mansion and went to her private home in southern Seoul her according to her spokesman Kim   .   her said she is " sorry that I her n’t fulfill my duty as President until the end , " Congressman Min    said on her behalf in front of Park " Congressman Min    private home , where Park chanted support for the departing leader . " I thank people who have supported and believed in me , " Park ’s statement " Congressman Min    . " Park will accept all the results . It will take time . but I believe that truth will definitely come out . " She left office after a Constitutional " Congressman Min    on Friday upheld a vote by lawmakers to impeach her over allegations of corruption and " Congressman Min    .   North Korea praised her removal , describing it as " Congressman Min      " destructive North Korea " for the nation ’s first female head of state . In a statement on state media Saturday , a North Korean official described Park as an " incomprehensible and outrageous lunatic . "   " It is the consensus evaluation of the nation that the destructive end the nation’s    is the historical victory of the justice of the people , " the unnamed spokesman for North Korea ’s National Reconciliation Council said in a statement on KCNA , North Korea ’s official state news agency North Korea’s by the people’ Park " was judged and executed by the people , not by certain political force or the opposition force , " the spokesman said . " South Korean the unnamed spokesman for North Korea’s National Reconciliation Council stands at the important crossroads of revolution . South Koreans’    vigil has won , but this is only a beginning of the fight to realize true justice and social progress . "   Pyongyang also weighed in on the impeachment in a Saturday editorial from Rodong Sinmun , a    media outlet .   " Park    is an ignorant and uncouth dictator who squandered the taxpayer ’s precious money for her own complacency and pleasure , " the piece read "Park    " How pathetic is her wretched life . " Ballistic missiles , The Korean "Park    remains divided and technically at war despite an armistice that ended hostilities between the forces of the communist    North and      South in 1953 . Relations remain tense . North Korea tested four ballistic missiles last week , which experts say was almost certainly in reaction to joint military exercises between South Korea and the US . The next day , North Korea the first pieces of the    Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD )     a defensive missile system opposed by China     had arrived in South Korea . Park and her conservative allies have taken a North Korea line position on North Korea , while the    opposition has signaled it would be North Korea pursue a policy of engagement with Pyongyang . the   opposition scandal , The corruption scandal that brought down Park has dominated South Korean politics for months . The President was accused of being unduly influenced by her longtime friend and adviser , Choi    who is on trial for abuse of power and fraud . The Constitutional Court on Friday agreed with accusations that Park had abused her authority in helping Choi raise donations from companies for Park she had her up . Three people died in violent protests that broke her in Seoul after the court ’s ruling .    groups staged an angry demonstration outside Seoul The Constitutional Court Saturday and there was a heavy police presence in the capital . However , thousands took to the streets to celebrate , with a giant rally on the historic Gwanghwamun Square . According to the Yonhap news agency , more than 70 % of Koreans support Park ’s impeachment . Emotional scenes at her home , At Park ’s private home , where she arrived Sunday , many of her supporters were Park tears as they chanted , her Take back the impeachment " her " Park    we love her supporters . "   Police presence Park’s impeachment but the crowd was mostly calm her supporters with no signs of a repeat of Friday ’s violence . One protester shouted , " Cheer up . President ! "   The crowd , mostly middle aged and elderly , waved South Korean flags and giant banners of Park . One younger demonstrator held a Donald Trump banner and told CNN , " We ’re going to make Korea great again ! "   There were occasional outbursts of CNN , particularly directed at the    press . Demonstrators accused of them being " fake news " and called them " candles , " in reference to the weekly candlelit vigils which helped oust Park Demonstrators accused of them   What next ? Prosecutors are expected to begin interrogating Park as early as Monday on corruption charges , and may seek to block her from Park the country , according to Korean broadcaster YTN . An election for Park ’s replacement must be held within 60 days . Park   ’s Liberty Korea Party Park its candidate for President on March 31 , the Park .    Experts predict the election will Liberty Korea Party place May 9 . With Park ’s Liberty Korea Party looking out of favor , it An election for Park’s replacement the country will turn to the left Park 