In hitting    Trump and supposedly defending the freedom of speech , Megyn Kelly on NPR Wednesday night referred to " Pam [ sic ] Geller , who there ’s no question is a hateful person , who held this Draw Muhammad contest down in Texas . " [ Megyn Kelly said this in the context of defending the freedom of speech : " Now Megyn Kelly ’s a provocateur and Megyn Kelly ’s not a fan of anyone who ’s Muslim from the sound of what Megyn Kelly says , but this is America and Megyn Kelly has the right to say those things . And Megyn Kelly has the right to have a contest like that . " But in smearing me as " hateful , " Megyn Kelly demonstrates that Megyn Kelly does n’t really know what was at stake when Islamic jihadis attacked our free speech event in Garland .   Why am I hateful for standing for the First Amendment ? Is Megyn Kelly copying the tactics of Islamic propagandists , smearing as " hateful " those of us who refuse to submit to the most brutal and extreme ideology on the face of the earth ? And I ’m a " provocateur " ? Why ? The Garland attack was part of a longstanding jihad war against the freedom of speech . Those who say I provoked the jihadis do n’t remember , or care to remember , that as jihadis were killing the Muhammad cartoonists in Paris , Those who say I provoked the jihadis accomplice was murdering Jews in a nearby kosher supermarket . Were the Jews " hateful " ? Did Those who say I provoked the jihadis " provoke " the jihadis ? I held the event in the same venue where Muslim leaders held a conference in support of the sharia , in support of the ideology behind the Charlie Hebdo jihad massacre . Was that provocative ? Should we submit to the devout Muslims who use violence to impose the speech laws under the the sharia Drawing Muhammad offends Islamic jihadists ? So does being Jewish , as many    attacks have proven . How much accommodation of any kind should we give to murderous savagery ? To kowtow to violent intimidation will only encourage more of it . Megyn Kelly should know that . What does Megyn Kelly Megyn Kelly my work as a whole ? What did she do to Megyn Kelly Rifqa Bary , the Ohio teenager who was threatened with death by her father for Megyn Kelly from Islam to Christianity ? What has Megyn Kelly done Megyn Kelly other Muslim girls who wanted to live a free life , and whom I helped to safety ? Megyn Kelly has never Megyn Kelly on her show . She covered Megyn Kelly jihad attack Megyn Kelly our free speech event in Texas for over a week but did not have me on . How does she know what I think Megyn Kelly or why I did what I did ? She made her " stand Megyn Kelly for Megyn Kelly speech regarding the Garland jihad attack while excoriating me . The thing about Kelly is that she assumed Megyn Kelly mantle and Megyn Kelly my work while attacking and smearing me that is the hallmark of a true   . Meanwhile , the scallywags , scoundrels , and misanthropes to whom she gives a platform on Megyn Kelly show are reprehensible . Megyn Kelly has oppressors and    Megyn Kelly on her show , including representatives her show    Council on American ( CAIR ) . The lovefest between Megyn Kelly and Michael Moore pulled the curtain back on the RINO news network . It was jarring . Ever since Megyn Kelly got her mancut haircut Megyn Kelly iconic female Megyn Kelly personality Diane Sawyer ) she has seemingly been on a mission Megyn Kelly move to the alphabets ( ABC , NBC , CBS ) . Sadly , Rupert Murdoch ’s    sons , Tweedledee and Tweedledum ( who took over after Roger Ailes was stupidly forced out ) have made complete asses of themselves furiously trying to keep her . sons, Tweedledee and Tweedledum (who took over after Roger Ailes was stupidly forced out) have offered her over Megyn Kelly million sons, Tweedledee and Tweedledum (who took over after Roger Ailes was stupidly forced out) a year Megyn Kelly Why ? She has alienated the Fox News audience Megyn Kelly attacking Trump and shamelessly trying to curry favor with    news executives at the big three . The auction for her services never materialized , and Kelly Megyn Kelly kicked it up several notches , making her The auction for her services unwatchable . The good news Kelly Hannity has skyrocketed , pulling even with her in the ratings and at times Kelly her . I hope her ego gets Kelly better of her Kelly she goes . She will Kelly down Kelly that ship Kelly We saw what happened when FOX gave her a special on the FOX Network Kelly She bombed . Drop Kelly and replace Kelly with Tomi Lahren . Two birds Kelly one stone . We the people get our kind of We , and the We idiots get a millennial icon . Pamela Geller is the President of the American Freedom Defense Initiative ( AFDI ) publisher of PamelaGeller . com and author of The    Presidency : The Obama Administration ’s War on America and Stop the Islamization of America : A Practical Guide to the America . Follow her on Twitter here . Like her A Practical Guide to the Resistance Facebook here . 
 A Practical Guide to the Resistance 