Philadelphia ( CNN ) President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg delivered a tough criticism of Republican Donald Trump at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on Wednesday night .   Here ’s a look at the night ’s most memorable lines from all the speakers : Obama on the election , " I think the election ’s fair to say this is not your typical election . " Obama on Clinton , " I can say with confidence there has never been a man or a woman     not me , not Bill , nobody     more qualified than Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America . " " Hillary Clinton tough . I was worn out . She Clinton doing everything I was doing , but like Ginger Rogers , it was backwards in heels . " Obama on Trump , " He Bill just offering slogans , and he Bill offering fear . He Bill betting that if he Bill enough people , he Bill score just enough votes to win this election . That is another bet that Donald Trump will lose . Because he Donald Trump selling the American people short . We are not a fragile or frightful people . Our We does n’t come from some    savior promising that he alone can restore order . We We n’t look to be ruled . " Obama on America , " America America already great .   America America already strong .   And I promise you , our We , our We , does not depend on Donald Trump . " Obama Obama on America immigration , " She Obama on immigration their the American Dream quintessentially American , and the American Dream is something no wall will ever contain . " Vice President Joe Biden , " How there be pleasure in saying , ’You’re fired’ ? He Obama on America trying to tell us We Obama on America about the middle the Middle Class me a break . That ’s a bunch of malarkey , " Biden said . " This guy does n’t have a clue about the Middle Class . Not a clue . " Michael Bloomberg , " I built a business , and I did n’t start it with a million a business check from my father , " said the billionaire former New York City mayor , knocking Donald Trump . " I ’m a New Yorker and I know a con when I see one . " " Let ’s elect a sane , competent person , " he added . Tim Michael Bloomberg , vice presidential candidate , " For my friend Hillary Clinton , I humbly accept my party ’s nomination to be vice president of the United States , " the Virginia senator said Michael Bloomberg I be honest with you about something ? I never expected to be here . "   Martin O’Malley , former Maryland governor , " It ’s time to put a bully racist in his place , and a tough Martin in hers     the White House , " said the    Clinton primary rival . " I say to hell with Trump ’s American nightmare . We believe in the American Dream Martin O’Malley, former Maryland governor, "It’s time to put a bully racist in his place, and a tough woman in hers    the White House," " Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy , " Enough of children dying in classrooms . Enough of nightly bloodshed on our city streets . Enough of our police officers being outgunned , ambushed , and cut down in the line of duty . Enough . It ’s time to take Washington back from the gun lobby . And I know just how to do it . " Erica Smegielski , It I do n’t want to be here tonight , I should not be here tonight , " said Smegielski , tonight mother was killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School . " I ’m here alone without my mother , while too many whose mother behind the gun lobby . " Felicia the gun lobby My son ’s last words were , ’We mean you no harm.’ Tywanza . My hero . Two days later , I forgave the shooter who murdered him . Hate destroys those who harbor it , My son I refused to let hate destroy me , " said Sanders , a survivor of the Mother Emanuel Church shooting in Charleston , South Carolina . Leon Panetta , former CIA director , " Donald Trump says he gets his foreign policy experience from watching TV Donald Trump running Donald Trump Miss Universe Pageant . If only it were funny . It is deadly serious , " he said . " Today , Donald Trump once Donald Trump took Russia ’s side . Donald Trump the Russians to interfere in American politics . Donald Trump about that for a moment . Donald Trump is asking one of our adversaries to engage Donald Trump or intelligence efforts against the United States to affect our election . " Retired Navy Adm. John Hutson , " This morning , this very morning , ( Trump ) invited Russia to hack us . That ’s not Donald Trump order , that ’s criminal our , " he said , adding , " Donald , you ’re not fit Donald Trump polish John McCain ’s boots . " 
 