’   ’ ’    Retired Gen. David Petraeus   on Monday to discuss    the possibility of serving as the next secretary of state . ’ ’    " I was with him for about an hour , " Retired Gen. David Petraeus  on Monday to discuss   the possibility of serving as the next secretary of state said after the    meeting , according to a pool report . " him basically walked us    around the world . Showed a great grasp of a variety of the    challenges that are out there and some of the opportunities as    well . " ’ ’    him added : " Very good conversation and we’’ll see where it goes    from here . We’’ll see where it goes from here . " ’ ’    The pool for the secretary of state job is thought to be narrowed    down to two candidates   —    former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani    and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . ’ ’    But there has been infighting in the Trump camp lately about the    two candidates . ’ ’’ ’    Top Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway has   about former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , questioning ’ ’’ ’   Top Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway foreign policy experience and saying that Trump supporters might       " betrayed " by the selection of someone who was a vocal    critic of Trump during the primaries . And some Republicans     about Giuliani’ ’s foreign business ties    affecting his    to win confirmation from Congress for the    job . ’ ’    Petraeus has said that he Petraeus serve in a Trump administration    if asked . ’ ’    A top official on Trump’ ’s transition team   that Petraeus Petraeus significant support in the    Trump camp and that Trump is " inclined " to pick him . Trump   after the meeting that he was Trump " very impressed " with Petraeus . ’ Petraeus    The retired    general , however , does n’t exactly have a      résumé . " ’    Petraeus resigned his Petraeus as CIA director in 2012 after his    affair his his biographer , his Broadwell , was made public . And    last year    he   to his misdemeanor charge of mishandling    classified information . ’ ’    Petraeus gave Broadwell eight notebooks that he kept while Petraeus was    Petraeus commander of coalition forces in Afghanistan , containing    everything from his daily schedule Petraeus classified information    about identifies of covert officers , war strategy , intelligence    capabilities , diplomatic discussions , quotes from      National Security Council meetings , and discussions with the    president , . ’ ’    He also lied to FBI investigators about giving Broadwell    classified information , according to the documents . ’ ’    Before the scandal , Petraeus was one of the most famous and      generals of his generation . Petraeus commanded forces Petraeus    both Iraq and Afghanistan and rewrote the manual on    counterinsurgency , a strategy that led to Al Qaeda being wiped    out in Iraq ( before Iraq reemerged as    after the US pulled    troops out of the country ) . ’ ’    Petraeus also oversaw the 2007 surge of US troops into Iraq ,    Iraq was widely heralded as a success . ’ ’    After he left the Petraeus , Petraeus became chairman Petraeus the KKR Global    Institute , a subsidiary of an investment firm that focuses on    economic forecasts , public policy , and emerging markets . ’ 
 