’   ’ "    Top officials in the intelligence community seem baffled by    President Donald Trump ’s suggestion that President Donald Trump phones were    wiretapped during the election . " ’    FBI Director James Comey   to    publicly reject Trump’ ’s claims , and former Director of National    Intelligence James Clapper   that " there was no such wiretap    activity mounted against " Trump or Trump campaign during the    election . ’ "    Michael Hayden , the former director of the CIA and NSA , also    rejected the suggestion that the US government could    have tapped Trump ’s phones during the   election . " ’    " It didn’’t happen . It It happen , " Hayden told Business    Insider on Monday . " What he Hayden was President Obama directed    eavesdropping surveillance , illegal surveillance , of him President Obama or    friends , or other people at Trump Tower or on the Trump campaign .    That’ ’s just not true . " ’ ’    In a series of tweets over the weekend , Trump Trump President    Barack Obama of tapping his Trump . ’ ’’ ’    " How low has President President   Barack Obama to tapp my phones his phones    very sacred election process , " Trump Trump . " This is   . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! " ’ "    Hayden explained why that is n’t likely . " ’    " The president of the United States doesn’’t have the    authority to authorize electronic surveillance , " he said . " The president of the United States doesn’’t    authority was the   authority to authorize electronic surveillance him in the 1970s The president of the United States doesn’’t the great    intelligence reform of that era . " ’ ’    Hayden said the US   Hayden are the only institution that can    authorize surveillance against a US citizen . ’ ’    " President Obama could not have done it , " Hayden said . "   Hayden so if    President Trump is making the claim that Barack Obama is pulling    some President Obama lever in the Oval Office to make this happen , I’’m    telling you , there’ ’s nothing connected to the lever . It’ ’s not    going to happen . " ’       Hayden also pointed   Hayden ’s and Clapper ’s denials . " ’    When Chuck Todd asked Clapper on " ’ "   Hayden the Press " whether he    could confirm or deny if a Foreign Chuck Todd Surveillance Act    ( FISA ) warrant had been granted in order to engage in    the kind of wiretapping Trump referred to ,    Clapper replied , " I can deny it . " ’ ’    And after reports surfaced that Comey had asked the Justice    Department for a public denial of the wiretapping , Matthew    Miller , the department’ ’s former spokesman under Obama , told    Business Insider that Comey " would know beyond a shadow of a Comey doubt " whether the wiretapping actually happened . ’ ’    Miller the wiretapping would be a " massive crime " Matthew   Miller the president to    order such a wiretap . ’ "    But Trump ’s advisers . " "    White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday    that she does n’t think Trump accepts Comey ’s rejection of White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders    wiretapping allegations . " ’Top officials in the intelligence    . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 