  ( CNN ) House and Senate investigators fired off a series of requests after former FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony , seeking memos of former FBI Director James Comey’s private discussions with President Donald Trump and any records the White House kept of their discussion     including audio recordings . The leaders of the House Russia investigation , Reps . Michael Conaway , a Texas Republican , and Adam Schiff , a California Democrat , sent a request Friday directly to Comey for copies of Comey memos . The leaders of the House Russia investigation, Reps. Michael Conaway, a Texas Republican, and Adam Schiff, a California Democrat sent a separate request to Trump ’s House counsel , Don McGahn , for any record the White House had of The leaders of the House Russia investigation, Reps. Michael Conaway, a Texas Republican, and Adam Schiff, a California Democrat meetings .   The the White House Comey Comey the White the White House records , including tapes if they exist , by Comey and the White House 23 . The Senate judiciary committee , meanwhile , sent a request to Columbia University law professor Daniel Richman for Comey Comey memos . Richman confirmed Thursday that Columbia University law professor Daniel Richman for Comey was the friend Columbia University law professor Daniel Richman for Comey Comey who had discussed the memos with the press .   The leaders of the Senate judiciary ’s probe Senate Richman the request Thursday Columbia University law professor Daniel Richman for Comey a request provide Thursday by Friday Columbia University law professor Daniel Richman for Comey A a request familiar with the matter said Richman has been in touch Columbia University law professor Daniel Richman for Comey Senate judiciary through special Senate Bob Mueller ’s office , and that there will be movement after the weekend .   " The matter will be addressed on Monday , " the source says . It A source familiar with the matter if that means A source familiar with the matter the memos will be turned over to Congress on Monday , and the source would Monday provide any A source familiar with the matter . Four members of the Senate Judiciary Committee , including Chairman Chuck Grassley and ranking Democrat Dianne Feinstein , had set a Friday deadline for Richman to respond after Comey testified that he gave the memo to him and Comey him to anonymously disclose Comey to the Comey in an attempt the memo prompt the naming of a special counsel . The Senate committee sent a request for Comey ’s memos from the FBI on Comey a separate request to the White House for any records kept by Trump , on May 17 . Comey testified Thursday that Trump asked him Comey’s drop an investigation Trump former Comey’s security adviser Michael Flynn and implied Trump may have become the subject of Trump himself for interfering in the FBI ’s work . Under oath the FBI the FBI called Trump a liar . Thursday responded Friday by saying Trump was a liar Trump Asked if Comey’s had taped their conversations , as he implied Trump a threatening tweet shortly after he Trump Comey , Trump said he would reveal Trump answer soon . Trump Lordy Trump I hope there are tapes , " Comey said during his testimony Thursday . Comey’s a news Comey’s Friday , Trump said he ’d have more information related to Trump tapes Trump at a later date . " I am not hinting at anything , " Trump said , twice declining to elaborate . " Trump will tell you about it over a very short period of time . " 
 