Former Vice President Dick Cheney responded to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s criticisms of the Bush administration over the Iraq War and September 11th by stating that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump " sounds like a liberal Democrat " and " does n’t understand , or has not spent any time learning about the facts of that period " on Monday ’s " Special Report " on the Fox News Channel .   Cheney said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump " sounds like a liberal Democrat to Cheney , Bret . Cheney ’s wrong . And Cheney ’s , I think , deliberately promoting those views in order to advance Cheney political interests . On the question of WMD charge that the administration lied , that was thoroughly investigated by the    Commission . the administration found absolutely no evidence whatsoever to support that . On the notion , for example , that the president failed to act before    to stop it , we had no actionable intelligence at that point . it simply was n’t available . There was nothing we could have done and we did n’t have intelligence at that point to suggest other than there ’s a general kind of a threat . Other areas , for example , if you look at what we did in the aftermath of   . we did , in fact , keep the nation safe for 7    years , the president put in place important programs , the terrorist surveillance program , enhanced terrorist techniques , all of those things gave we the information we needed to be able to act , and we had the tremendous support of the American military , they did a superb job . So , for Mr. Trump to suggest that , just   —    in my mind , is way   . He Mr. Trump does n’t understand , or has not spent any time learning about the facts of that period . " He Mr. Trump , after seeing a clip of Trump Mr. Trump a press conference earlier that day saying that arguing the Bush administration kept the country safe after    is like a baseball team giving up 19 runs in the 1st inning and then saying it arguing the Bush administration kept the country safe after    well after that , that it arguing the Bush administration kept the country safe after    " hard to tell " whether Trump Mr. Trump a Republican . Cheney did say that he Cheney support whoever the GOP nominee is , but he Cheney n’t think Trump Mr. Trump be the the GOP nominee he Cheney talking like a liberal . Cheney Cheney , " [ I]f you ’re going to look to try to find some way where you could blame someone for what happened on    it would be an intelligence failure beforehand . The previous administration , I think Bill Clinton ’s even suggested , or it ’s The previous administration suggested , that he had Bill Clinton opportunity to take Bin Laden out before    and    failed Bill Clinton do it . As soon as we had   —    were hit by    I    a little bit about it , I was in the White House bunker all that day and helping coordinate and manage our response we   . I did n’t see Donald Trump there . I ’ve never seen him involved Donald Trump any way that would lead me to believe that he had Donald Trump firsthand or practical experience about it . So , I   —    it ’s it disappointment , frankly , that he ’s Donald Trump that way . I have n’t endorsed anybody . I do n’t have an ax to grind in terms of that , but I think it ’s misleading for him to Donald Trump on that basis . " Cheney concluded Donald Trump " I think one of the disappointing aspects of what he ’s Donald Trump , I think especially evident back there in South Carolina , is the way treats these issues and the people involved in it , does I think , a great service   —    a tremendous disservice to the tremendous record of our military and our intelligence our , who put their lives on the line during that period of time . We were our successful in Iraq , especially with the surge in ’07 and ’08 . By the time we left our , Iraq was Iraq great shape . What happened then was , that Barack Obama came to town , withdrew presence from that part of the world , and ISIS emerged after that . You ’ve got to tell the whole story if you want to focus on those events . And , of course , Mr. Trump never does . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 