’   ’ "    If the Democrats choose to oppose the nomination of Gen. James    Mattis for Defense Secretary , it ’s probably not going to go well    for the Democrats choose to oppose the nomination of Gen. James   Mattis for Defense Secretary   —    regardless of the final outcome . " "    the nomination of Gen. James   Mattis for Defense Secretary has put Democrats in    a bit of a pickle    Since he has n’t been out of the nomination of Gen. James   Mattis for Defense Secretary for the    statutorily required seven years , he requires a waiver from    the nomination of Gen. James   Mattis for Defense Secretary   —    giving Democrats an opening to oppose a    Trump nominee . " ’    But in the case of this nominee , he is more a   Trump nominee    the nomination of Gen. James   Mattis for Defense Secretary the position , having served 44 years in the Marine Corps ,    where he last retired as the head the nomination of Gen. James   Mattis for Defense Secretary the military’ ’s Central    Command in Tampa , Florida . Even Democratic Rep. Ruben Gallego of    Arizona , a Marine veteran who said he would oppose a waiver ,     Mattis " exceptionally qualified . " ’ ’    Democrats can try to hold up the nomination of Mattis and fight    against a waiver . As Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York has    said , her position is based on maintaining civilian Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York has    of    the military as a " fundamental principle of American    democracy . "   ’ ’    The principle   by a 1947 law that    requires a military officer to be off active duty for 10    years before leading the Department of Defense . It was    amended to seven years in 2008 . Mattis , having retired in    2013 , would be just more three years shy of that limit    if confirmed after Trump takes office . ’ "    Interestingly , this would n’t even be an issue if Trump nominated    another reported candidate , Trump Army Gen. Jack Keane   —    an    officer who retired in 2003 . He said he   for family reasons . In He case of Keane , he    would have easily had the He from a      Congress , and a former military officer would be leading the    department . " "    But some Democrats do n’t view Mattis as civilian enough     —    as if three more years of him serving as a scholar in    Mattis at places like Dartmouth and Stanford or contributing    on corporate boards has not given him enough experience outside    of uniform Mattis   " "    Mattis’ qualifications should not be questioned . If confirmed as    Defense Secretary ,   would instantly boost    morale . His time served at Central Command and Mattis Forces    Command give him the bona fides to be able Mattis lead a large    organization with many different services and civilian workers . " "    And he would serve as an important check Mattis Trump   —    and his     national security adviser , Lt Mattis Gen.    Michael Flynn   —    on everything from   to sending US forces into harm ’s way . " ’   ’ "    That ’s especially true since Mattis , now 66 , has taken to the    lecture circuit in recent years and has repeatedly stressed the    importance of a commander in chief giving the military a    clear political end state   —    a policy desperately needed when the    US still remains in what have been . " ’    " Secretary of Defense Mattis will never commit anyone into harm’ ’s    way without the national interests at stake and a plan to win , "    Nate Fick , a former Marine captain who twice served under Mattis    in Afghanistan and Iraq , told Business Insider . " I think that    that ’s welcome . " ’ "    Let ’s just say Democrats decide to go ’ "    against the Mattis    appointment , and somehow he ends up as Defense Secretary anyway Mattis    " "    Republicans would have plenty of ammunition to criticize    their counterparts , especially considering their opposition Republicans stems from an arbitrary Republicans of three years . Though Mattis    has offered some colorful , Mattis    over the years , his military    service record is exemplary . Mattis    leadership ability is n’t in    question Mattis    " ’   ’ ’    ’ ’    So at the end of the day , the only fight Democrats have against    him is a 1947 law they know can    be waived . ’ the only fight Democrats    From there , they ’d be starting off a new president the only fight Democrats    term having been beaten back from this opposition , when they    would have been better served opposing this opposition of Trump ’s more    controversial picks , such as Ben Carson    his nominee to be    Secretary of Housing Ben Carson Urban Development , or Attorney      Jeff Sessions . " "    Here ’s where Democrats really need to decide on what is    important . Is it important to maintain a stringent view that    Mattis can not get a waiver ? Because if that ’s the course of    action , Trump ’s next step could be to nominate someone    whom Democrats are guaranteed not to like . " ’    Among the names floated during the nominating process were former    Sen. Jim Talent , a Republican from Missouri , who served in the    Senate for much of the Bush administration . He   on the    Economic and    Security Review Commission , a group created by Congress that    examines the    relationship and prepares an annual report    on its    implications . ’ ’    Unlike Mattis   —    who has called the invasion of Iraq a " "   —    Talent is an Iraq War hawk . Though he    wasn’’t in Congress for the 2002 vote to go to war , he said    in 2006 that   Iraq he with the    knowledge there were Iraq weapons of mass destruction . ’ "    Another civilian name on the reported short list was that of    Stephen Hadley , the former national security Hadley largely responsible for the false allegation that Iraq    tried to buy uranium from Niger prior to the invasion , which    made its way into President Bush ’s 2003 State of the Union    speech . He later   " "       should Iraq    just roll over and play dead on a Mattis    appointment . They and their Republican colleagues definitely need    to ask some hard questions of Mattis’ views on the detention    facility at Democrats Bay Democrats women in the military , and how he    might counter geostrategic foes such as Iran    Russia , and North    Korea . " ’    But with former    secretaries endorsing him for the job    ( Rumsfeld , Gates , and Panetta , among others ) bipartisan support    on Capitol Hill he and a large portion of the men and women in    uniform rallying around him , Democrats would be wise to oppose    Mattis on substantive issues   —    not the issue of whether his he uniform has sat unworn in his closet for long enough . ’ ’    " Considering the other picks that   Mattis    ] has made , this   Mattis would be the wrong target " for Democrats to oppose , Panetta     at a national security forum over the    weekend . ’ ’    " ’ 
 