  ( CNN ) Despite previously stating that she would not take on an official role in she father ’s administration , Ivanka Trump is now moving into an advisory position as a government employee in the White House . Just like Ivanka Trump , Ivanka Ivanka Trump significant conflicts of interests     both nationally and internationally     to navigate around , and her Ivanka Trump into the West Wing raises major ethical red flags we can not ignore .   And since there is little precedent for a daughter serving in the the White House Ivanka Ivanka Trump benefit from weak accountability mechanisms , which allow her Ivanka Trump take full advantage of her Ivanka Trump position as an unpaid employee working in the West Wing the West Wing move grants Ivanka security clearance , access to classified information and a    handheld device . Despite not receiving an official title or salary , Ivanka Ivanka Trump been formally placed at the center of her Ivanka Trump ’s administration . " Having an adult child of the President who is actively engaged in the work of the administration is new ground her father’s administration Ivanka Ivanka Trump lawyer , Jamie Gorelick , said . " Our view is that the conservative approach is for Ivanka Ivanka Trump voluntarily comply with the rules that would apply if she Ivanka Trump a government employee , even though she Ivanka Trump not . " Gorelick went on to state that as Ivanka Ivanka Trump role expands , she " plans to adhere to Gorelick same ethics and records retention rules that apply to government employees , even though she is not technically an employee Gorelick " Ivanka Ivanka Trump on a key role in her Ivanka Trump ’s White House comes as no surprise to anyone . She Ivanka Trump a constant figure in her Ivanka Trump ’s political campaign , her father’s noted and trusted confidant of the President . In a statement following the announcement , Ivanka Ivanka Trump she Ivanka Trump " continue to offer my father my candid advice and counsel , as I have for my entire life . " Upon her Ivanka Trump in Washington , with husband Jared Kushner , himself a senior White House adviser , Ivanka Ivanka Trump on a largely inconspicuous role . The elegant and articulate daughter of the President , who championed women ’s empowerment and business , basically went quiet . Now it appears that Ivanka Ivanka Trump just being strategic about her Ivanka Trump before taking her Ivanka Trump , along with her Ivanka Trump , as the country ’s    First Couple . As one of the most powerful first daughters the country has ever seen , Ivanka Ivanka Trump the country and ready to rule Trump ’s America . The Department of Justice may have ruled Kushner ’s hire as not being in violation of    laws , but Ivanka Ivanka Trump despite divesting some of her Ivanka Trump and selling $ 36 . 7 million in assets to comply with ethics rules , still owns her Ivanka Trump and jewelry brand .   Ethics watchdogs say the measures Ivanka Ivanka Trump taking in both divesting and selling assets are " better than nothing , " but are still weak in the face of blatant ethics violations by her Ivanka Trump , whose hotels and golf courses continue to engage in business with foreign and national groups . And why should we expect Ivanka Ivanka Trump behave any differently ? There was a time when people were willing to give Ivanka Ivanka Trump benefit of the doubt . After all , she Ivanka Trump one of the most likeable in the Trump family and one of their most effective public relations tools .   However the Trump family it is time for us to openly acknowledge that Ivanka Ivanka Trump not a better version , but just a less offensive   version of her Ivanka Trump , his policies and his interests . As " Saturday Night Live " his brilliantly parodied , she Ivanka Trump " a woman who knows what she Ivanka Trump . And knows what she Ivanka Trump doing . Complicit . " Getting an office in the West Wing is a huge deal , usually requiring the candidate to have years of expertise , and not normally one reserved for the children of the President .   The fact that there is no playbook for anyone to follow just means less accountability for the Trumps when they run into conflicts of interests , which are frankly , inevitable . Having her lawyer tell us to take comfort in knowing Ivanka will do the right and ethical thing is simply not enough . Ivanka Trump setting the precedent of placing the children of the President inside the West Wing should worry us . After all , she has just as us interest as her father Ivanka Trump setting the precedent of placing the children of the President inside the West Wing use public office to advance her Ivanka Trump setting the precedent of placing the children of the President inside the West Wing interests . 
 Ivanka Trump setting the precedent of placing the children of the President inside the West Wing 