Washington   ( CNN ) Supreme Court associate justice nominee Neil Gorsuch turned in to the Senate Judiciary Committee answers to a lengthy questionnaire , providing more details of Supreme Court associate justice nominee Neil Gorsuch professional and personal history and including some of the most significant cases Supreme Court associate justice nominee Neil Gorsuch presided over . Supreme Court associate justice nominee Neil Gorsuch also provided details on his Supreme Court associate justice nominee Neil Gorsuch judicial selection process . " On January 30 , 2017 , I received a call from the President informing me that he the President nominate me for the Supreme Court vacancy , " he the President . Up until the final announcement January 31 , President Donald Trump gave the public appearance that he President Donald Trump still making up his President Donald Trump between two finalists , even so much as having both candidates drive toward Washington . It was later revealed that    Thomas Hardiman drove a few hours east of his   Thomas Hardiman in Pittsburgh before going back .     Justice : Trump puts on a flawless show , The questionnaire , which was made public by the committee Saturday , also contained personal information about Gorsuch . He Trump a member of two country clubs Federalist Society and served with a nonprofit that helped low income students living in public housing complete high school . While Gorsuch Gorsuch in private practice , he Trump he Trump specialization and focused on maintaining a general litigation practice . In the questionnaire , Gorsuch Gorsuch some of his Trump significant cases over which he Trump . The his most significant cases over which he presided a Native American inmate wanting to exercise his Trump liberty in prison and companies wanting to avoid certain requirements of the Affordable Care Act . Full text : Neil Gorsuch for Senate judiciary committee , Gorsuch shared Gorsuch none of the opinions he has Gorsuch have been overturned . And while he has Gorsuch held an office in a presidential campaign , he said Gorsuch volunteered Gorsuch the presidential campaigns of Ronald Reagan , George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush . The judge said most of his time as The judge lawyer and a judge has been in litigation , but he has donated The judge significant amount of time on legal matters outside of court . " During my time as a judge , certain colleagues and I became concerned with the quality of representation death row inmates received in their federal habeas certain colleagues and I , " he said . The judge Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said Saturday that he looks forward Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley reviewing the material . " I appreciate Judge Gorsuch working diligently to return his questionnaire in Judge Gorsuch timely fashion .   He ’s gone Judge Gorsuch great lengths to produce the material requested by the Judiciary Committee , " the Iowa Republican said . " I look forward to reviewing the material and the material requested by the Judiciary Committee questions when Judge Gorsuch appears before Judge Gorsuch committee . " the Judiciary Committee 