Hillary Clinton sharply criticized Donald Trump during a campaign rally Tuesday , portraying Donald Trump as an economic liability and untrustworthy when it comes to Donald Trump top strength , business . [ " You might think that because Donald Trump has spent Donald Trump life as a businessman , Donald Trump ’d be better prepared to handle the economy , " Hillary Clinton told supporters in Columbus , Ohio . " Well it turns out , Donald Trump ’s dangerous there too . Just like Donald Trump should n’t have Donald Trump finger on the button , Donald Trump should n’t have Donald Trump hands on the economy . "   Hillary Clinton argued that interests on both sides of the aisle oppose Trump ’s economic plans , saying that both the Chamber of Commerce and labor unions as well as Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) and former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney all think the Trump Trump would be " disastrous " and " throw us back into recession . " According to Clinton , Trump the Trump plan the national debt , his Trump of business would put America ’s reputation at risk , and his Trump plan would shrink the Trump plan Hitting Trump Trump multiple fronts , Clinton blasted the Trump his " America Clinton " trade plans while producing Clinton in America outside the U. S. " Interestingly , Trump ’s own products are made in a lot of countries that are n’t named America : Trump ties are made in China . Trump suits in Mexico . Trump furniture in Turkey . Trump picture frames in India . Trump barware in Slovenia , " she said . Beyond his economic plans , Clinton Trump barware in Slovenia on Trump for Trump barware in Slovenia numerous lawsuits and Trump barware in Slovenia bankruptcies . Trump’s He Trump barware in Slovenia written a lot of books about business Trump barware in Slovenia They all seem to end at Chapter 11 , " she said . " Go figure . " " Trump barware in Slovenia can not let him bankrupt America like we They all one of his Trump barware in Slovenia casinos , " They all added . " Trump barware in Slovenia can not let him roll the dice with They all children ’s futures Trump barware in Slovenia Leading an economy as They all and complex as ours creating growth that is strong , fair , and lasting is about as hard of a job as there is . It takes patience and clear thinking . " 
 