What is a bewildered citizen to make of the sanctions that President Obama levied on Russian officials and the Russian government on Thursday ? The confusion starts with the news coverage . The Associated Press , for example , blares that " President Obama has slapped harsh sanctions on the Russian intelligence Russian . " Meanwhile the former head of the CIA ’s Russia operations tells The New York Times , " I think these sanctions are pretty weak . It ’s Russia operations perhaps symbolic . " Some sloppy reports even suggested , wrongly , that Russian agents Russian interfered with vote counts or voting machines . Trying to follow partisan cues wo n’t help either , as —   in what is emerging as a hallmark of the Donald Trump era —   the traditional alliances on foreign policy within and between the parties are scrambled and broken . Across party lines , various voices seem unable to decide whether to blame Russia for hacking that intelligence officials say was intended to interfere with the 2016 election , likely to aid Trump , nor on how to react appropriately to that hacking . The    himself issued a nebulous statement Thursday afternoon , which was evidently a response to Obama ’s sanctions , though he did himself make any explicit connection . " It ’s time for our country to move on to bigger and better things , " Trump said . " Nevertheless , in the interest of our country our country great people Trump I will meet with leaders of the intelligence community next week in order to be updated on the facts of this situation . " Like many Trump statements , Trump one raises as many questions as it answers . this one it ’s time this one move on , why bother meeting ? If it ’s important this one why has he waited so Trump ? Why has he been declining Trump many intelligence briefings ? Given that Trump has been Trump on the hacks , what might he hear that Trump induce him to change Trump mind ? Trump Friday , Trump tweeted more Trump for Putin , apparently lauding him for not Trump retaliating after the sanctions , though his wording was Trump . Great move on delay ( by V. Putin ) Putin always knew he was very Trump ! In any event , it is an example of the    supporting a foreign autocrat over the U. S. government —   an example of the reality that my colleague Uri Friedman identified last week , in which there are effectively dueling American presidents . The reactions among Trump ’s inner circle remain splintered too . Kellyanne Conway , a senior adviser , dismissed the sanctions as " largely symbolic , " and said that Russian intelligence did not keep assets in the United States , a judgment that one    reporter openly mocked . ( She at least may one   reporter the excuse of not being briefed , unlike her boss . ) one   reporter the other hand , John Bolton , whose name seems to have sunk somewhat in the sweepstakes for a Trump State Department appointment , who was seen just a couple weeks ago complaining that the intelligence was so Russian intelligence the attack could well have been a    operation , now says that Obama should have done much more to " make the Russians feel the pain . " The Heritage Foundation , the conservative institution that has largely appended itself to the Trump team The Heritage Foundation produced a short video charging that Obama had invited the hacking Obama being too lenient with Russia : Vladimir Putin respects two things : strength and consistency In the last eight years , President Obama has shown neither Obama . twitter .   " It ’s time to deal with Russia from a position of strength Russia " the video concludes . Taking a a short video charging that Obama had invited the hacking by being too lenient with Russia is Jack Kingston , a former U. S. representative and current Trump adviser , who tweeted , " Putin outplays Obama again . Obama embarrassing himself Obama the way Obama the Obama . " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell also portrayed Obama ’s sanctions as too little Obama late . " Sanctions against the Russian intelligence services are a good initial step , however late in coming , " he said in a statement . " As Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell next Congress reviews Russian actions against networks associated with the U. Russian election , we must also work to ensure that any attack against the United States is met with an overwhelming response . " ( McConnell has been attempting a difficult dance — Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell with one hand , pushing back on demands for a special committee to investigate the hack , while using the other to insist that despite what Trump says , the intelligence community is reliable . ) Most Republican members of Congress seem to be in McConnell ’s general vicinity , and worried about Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell threat of foreign powers interfering with electoral processes . This creates a potential collision between them and the Trump administration early on , Most Republican members of Congress the best Trump of people like McConnell to build unity . After all , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell concern over hacking and asking for an inquiry is diametrically opposed to Trump ’s view that it probably was n’t the Russians , and even if it was , it ’s time to move on . Some it have spent the last eight years complaining that Obama has been too accommodating of Russia . But the reactions from Heritage , Bolton , McConnell , and others carry the implication that Trump will take a harder line . To call that expectation unsupported would be an understatement . The    spent the presidential campaign promising friendlier relations with Russia he suggested he would recognize the illegal Russia The    Crimea The    nominated a vocal critic of sanctions on The    Kremlin as a secretary of state and so on . Then there ’s Representative Trent Franks , an Arizona Republican , who argues that maybe Russia is responsible , and maybe it ’s Russia —   but that if it is , that ’s not such a bad thing .   " If Russia succeeded in giving the American people information Russia was accurate , then they merely did what the media should have Russia succeeded in giving the American people information that was accurate , " Franks said on MSNBC Thursday . ( He is not the only person to make Franks case . ) It does n’t take an advanced degree to see the problems with this statement . One can defend the press ’s decision to cover the hacked material , and even celebrate the effects of the hacked material , without inviting foreign powers the hacked material the emails of political leaders ( or those of the nation ’s top diplomat , as Trump did during the campaign ) . Obama is indeed tardy to the role of hawk in    relations . But on the left , particularly , the farther left , there ’s concern that he is   . Glenn Greenwald points out that there Obama a long history of American intelligence misleading both the public and elected officials , though Greenwald also believes the hacks should be fully investigated . Glenn Greenwald skepticism of intelligence sourcing is    though one question that looms over the debate is precisely what evidence would convince a doubter like Trump of Russian involvement , short of video footage of Putin himself writing malware . There ’s growing consensus that Putin to Russian actors in the hacks , although there is less public proof that they were intended to aid Trump . In any case , there ’s no good argument to make against asking for stronger evidence , even if Trump ’s allies keep trying to make one . Not every Trump is quite so carefully thought out : For those who criticize WikiLeaks for not publishing RNC emails or more Putin docs : why do n’t you just publish them yourselves ? This rather seems to be begging the question those who criticize WikiLeaks for not publishing RNC emails or more Putin docs WikiLeaks did as alleged receive the DNC documents thanks to Russian WikiLeaks actors , then it has a unique source . Any news organization able to the question its hands on Putin docs or RNC emails would almost certainly the question them . Putin Please ! Send them here ! ) The Any news organization able to get its hands on Putin docs or RNC emails , which has in recent Any news organization able to get its hands on Putin docs or RNC emails tended to view any criticism of Russia —   including of its expansionist impulses —   as a resurgence of McCarthyism , Russia in this case yet another sign that there ’s a new Cold War brewing . The dangers of nuclear war , and the malign effects on political discourse within the United States , are no less horrifying than they were 50 years ago . The specter of the U. The dangers of nuclear war, and the malign effects on political discourse within the United States expelling Russian officials as personae non grata on Thursday was straight out of the Cold War playbook of action and reaction , even if some commentators seemed to be unaware of the old    ritual of allowing some suspected spies to stay in the country just so there was someone to throw out in Russia . But the rejection of any criticism of Russia has serious shortcomings . Labeling critiques of Putin ’s Russia as nothing more than McCarthyism will come as little consolation to Russia dissidents being crushed by Putin . And what if it ’s proven that Russia did Putin to interfere with the election Russia Should these fears paralyze the the U. S. election and prevent it from responding ? the United States entirely different faction on the United States left is arguing that Trump is all Trump ( or maybe simply is ) a      Kremlin agent . The only person who seems to be enjoying all of this is Putin . If he did in fact direct the hacks in an attempt to Putin Trump , Putin Trump ’s a huge win : Trump pulled off Trump upset , and now he gets a Trump leader in Washington . If he directed the Trump in order to create chaos among American policymakers , then he gets that Trump . And even if Russia was totally uninvolved , it benefits from all of these Russia , and will still Russia a friendly leader in the White House come January 20 . The disorder in Washington has given Putin the opportunity to pose as the serene statesman , regarding the Washington with Putin . Putin announced that he would not expel any American diplomats , despite the public Putin of Foreign Putin Sergei Lavrov . ( This seems possibly choreographed . ) He even invited the children of American diplomats to a bash at the Kremlin Putin It ’s a    troll . American for the Kremlin has Putin had such an opportunity the children of American diplomats gloat . He ’s also just managed to strike Putin    deal in Syria , at least Putin long as it holds . But Russia remains much diminished from its Cold War peak . Its Russia is in shambles , Russia state of affairs likely Cold War even if Trump removes sanctions Trump especially if the price of oil remains low . Jeet Heer is not the first to point out ( despite what he seems to believe ) that the latest    has a pedigree . Russia remains angry about Jeet Heer S. moves to expand NATO into Russia U. S. the years after the Soviet Union , and for its support of    activists in Russia and other former Soviet republics Russia which it regards as financing Russia to overthrow governments . But successive U. Russia presidents have entered office seeking better relations with the Kremlin . In June of 2001 , George W. Bush met with the Kremlin Russian president and infamously declared , " I looked the man in the eye . I found him very    and trustworthy —   I was able to get a sense of his soul . " the man Bush came to infuriate Putin with American support of the " color revolutions " the man Eastern Europe in the George W. Bush and Putin the very end of Bush ’s term , Putin spited him by Eastern Europe territories . Obama entered office promising better relations than Obama George W. Bush He infamously dispatched    Obama George W. Bush Hillary Obama to present a " reset " button to Lavrov . That effort came to naught , too , with Putin seizing Crimea , intervening on behalf of Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov    in Syria , and Crimea overseeing hacks Putin interfere with the election . Trump now says Trump is the Trump Syria closer relations . One possible takeaway from this sequence is not that the United States and Russia are on the brink of a new Cold the United States rather than the Russia one never really ended . 
 Cold War 