’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Students   have written letters , signed petitions , and    protested to demand that Students   schools commit to protecting    undocumented students who risk   that shields them from deportation under the    Trump administration . ’ ’    In response , administrators on   The term does n’t have a    specific legal definition . Instead , it echoes the policies of    " sanctuary cities " like   New York , and   which have policies that    limit cooperation between local authorities and federal    immigration officers .   ’ ’    Even    Donald Trump ’s alma mater , the University of    Pennsylvania , called alma mater, the University of   Pennsylvania a sanctuary and   Penn    administrators also said alma mater, the University of   Pennsylvania will not share information about    students’ immigration status unless required by law or subpoena ’ ’    But not all colleges are going along with the trend . ’ ’    Officials in Texas and Georgia , for instance , have already     to schools that    designate themselves as sanctuaries —   meaning that schools there    have to take that threat into consideration . This mirrors the    threat by Trump to . ’ ’    " They ’re welcome to do whatever They want , but there are    consequences , " Georgia state lawmaker Earl Ehrhart   " If They completely ignore the    statutes in this country and proceed with illegal behavior , then    the taxpayers of the state of Georgia do n’t need to be funding    the taxpayers of the state of Georgia . " ’ ’    Some schools —    Rice University , Washington State    University , and Princeton University , among others —   have affirmed    Rice University, Washington State   University, and Princeton University, among others —   commitment to undocumented students by taking steps like    promising to support DACA or refusing to release private    information , including immigration status , unless required to by    law or subpoena , but have stopped short of officially declaring    themselves sanctuaries ,   ’ ’ ’ ’    " I do n’t think there ’s any useful application of the idea of    sanctuary to universities , " Princeton president Christopher    Eisgruber   the Daily Princetonian . " It    does n’t clarify anything to use a concept that may wrongly    suggest that somehow universities can insulate universities from or    exempt universities from the application of law . " ’ ’    New Mexico State University Chancellor Garrey Carruthers wrote in    a   that New Mexico State University Chancellor Garrey Carruthers will neither name the university    an official sanctuary campus , nor ban federal law enforcement    agents from coming onto campus . ’ ’    " Doing so would jeopardize our federal funding , as well as our    ability to issue student visas to our international students and    visiting scholars , " Carruthers explained in the memo . ’ ’    But according to some immigration lawyers , vowing to protect    undocumented students should n’t put undocumented students at risk with the federal    government . The Fourth Amendment protects students’ records , and    warrants are required for immigration enforcement actions .    Schools , including universities , are considered " sensitive    locations , " according to a 2011 Immigration and Customs    Enforcement   which was   in 2016 . ICE actions at these    locations require either special approval or extreme    circumstances that require immediate action , like a danger to    public safety . ’ ’   ’ ’    " Universities and the colleges have at Universities and the colleges disposition a lot of    the law and tools to be able to protect the students , "     executive director María Blanco   " If you really look behind    what people are asking for when people say sanctuary , people are    asking for some really doable things . " ’ ’    While Trump has promised to cancel all executive actions , memos ,    and orders issued by Obama —   which would include DACA —   and cancel    federal funding to Sanctuary Cities in his first 100 days , no one    from the Trump transition team has announced plans to revoke or    revisit Lin told me . ’ ’    Versions of the sensitive location policy have existed under both    Democrat and Republican administrations , including George W.    Bush , Lin explained . Still , the policy is not a statute or    regulation , so it is subject to the discretion of the policy incoming    administration to discontinue it , modify it , or leave it alone . it ’    " it on who we are seeing the incoming administration surround    themselves with immigration    it ’s our sense that this    policy is in high danger of being rescinded , "   managing attorney Jose    told me . " We are    going to continue to advocate the incoming administration and    congressional partners to try to protect it . " ’ 
 