Washington ( CNN ) Perhaps Dan Quayle said it best : " Dan Quayle was the same old Donald Trump . " The former Republican vice president , inside the Capitol following Friday ’s inauguration ceremony , extolled the new president ’s speech as " fabulous " and " right on target . " " Dan Quayle ’s going to make America great again , " Dan Quayle said . " Dan Quayle ’s going to bring people together . And that ’s the only way to make America great again is to work together . " But just as they did during the blistering 2016 campaign , different ears heard different things during Trump ’s inaugural speech to America . That was particularly true among many of those who sat behind him as he him the oath of office , those who served as a backdrop as he him the ultimate mantle of power     members of Congress with whom President Trump now has to work . Trump President Trump full speech , Inaugurations are generally intended to be    events that bring the country     and the capital     together , if only for a brief moment in time . A strong inaugural address includes memorable lines that outlive a presidency and a president , soaring rhetoric that even the most partisan politicians can admire . Think Franklin D. Roosevelt : " The only thing we have to fear is fear itself The only thing we have to fear " Think John F. Kennedy : " Ask not what your country can do for you John F. Kennedy but what you can do for your your country "   High standards , to be sure . But even lesser orators than FDR and JFK have risen to the moment in their own even lesser orators than FDR and JFK , painting a vision that inspires Republicans and Democrats to work together for the greater good . Trump had some memorable lines , most notably : " This American carnage stops right here and stops right now . "   But his sometimes Trump rhetoric was often more cajoling than inspiring . Trump ’s Trump many of the themes of his campaign . Trump emphasized populism Trump’s speech putting " America first " and returning the country to America greatness . Music to the ears of his supporters . Trump a bit scratchy to other listeners . Trump brings campaign Trump to Washington , " It was a continuation of what he campaigned on Trump " Sen. John McCain , the Arizona Republican who was at times critical of that campaign , repeated three times in quick succession . " I did n’t particularly like or dislike any part of it . I thought it was a continuation of his campaign for Trump . " As they filed into the Capitol following the inauguration , a number of Democrats signaled their dismay by simply a number of Democrats away as a reporter asked for their reactions . Sen. a number of Democrats Warren of Massachusetts , a frequent Trump critic , did n’t have a word to say as she strode briskly through the ornate Rotunda . Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota let a staffer intervene on his behalf with a Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota " no comment . " Sen. Amy Klobuchar , also a Minnesota Democrat , said Minnesota wanted to read she speech before speaking about it . Sen. Bernie the speech of Vermont , who sought the Democratic nomination , said he wanted to " Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who sought the Democratic nomination off on a statement at this point . " Both senators then walked away . Other Democrats were more expansive     and critical . " I think America ’s the leading world power and that was not a speech that was uplifting or committed America to continued leadership America the world , " said Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia . Given the divisiveness of the campaign and the fact that Trump lost the popular vote to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , some Democrats expected him to offer something former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton an olive branch to voters     and maybe even to politicians     who might not have supported him . Twitter transfer former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton power : Trump gets @POTUS , Trump I thought it was a missed opportunity , " said Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon . " This is what I thought was going to happen : The president would say , ’I want to talk The president all Americans who did n’t vote for me . And all The president you who did n’t vote for me , I want The president make sure we ’re all together in terms of working for solutions.’ And , in that sense , even a handful of sentences like that I think could have made a big difference . " " I was hoping for more of a unity speech , " added Sen. Robert P. Casey Jr. of Pennsylvania . " An inaugural address is important , but what happens is obviously a lot more important . So we ’ll wait to we how he approaches his new responsibilities . he Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri was incensed that Trump seemed to impugn the integrity of elected officials who preceded him in public service Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri " For too long , a small group in our nation ’s capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost , " Trump declared . " Trump flourished     but the people did not share in its wealth . Politicians Washington     but the jobs left , and the factories closed . The establishment protected itself , but not The establishment citizens of our country . " America just did n’t realize that we were that terrible , " McCaskill said . " I think he was so anxious to McCaskill to convince everyone that America is terrible now so that he can make it better McCaskill it felt America is terrible now to me . "   " It ’s always such a day of pride for our country , " she America the quadrennial presidential McCaskill . " And for his laundry list of our shortcomings McCaskill take such a prominent part of his speech was weird to me McCaskill " Republicans defended their me standard bearer , saying Republicans laid out the challenges facing McCaskill nation and pledged to overcome them . " I thought it Republicans a good positive upbeat and hopeful speech , " said Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee . Sen. Tim Scott , a Republican from South Carolina , had a different reason to like Trump ’s speech . " Seventeen minutes . It was amazing , " he said . " I liked McCaskill because it was short . It we It is less important than what we do . So let ’s we on about doing the we of the people ’s business . " As for the divergent reactions among his Senate colleagues , Scott offered McCaskill explanation : " We all have learned to decipher what he said so that we know McCaskill he meant . I think he McCaskill for us to blame McCaskill and work we . " 
 