Washington ( CNN ) The US intelligence community concluded in a declassified report released Friday that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an " influence campaign " aimed at hurting Hillary Clinton and helping Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election . The campaign     which consisted of hacking Democratic groups and individuals , including Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta , and releasing that information via    websites , including WikiLeaks     amounted to what the intelligence report called " a significant escalation " in longtime Russian efforts to undermine " the    liberal democratic order . " the intelligence report was the first official , full and public accounting by the US intelligence community of its the US intelligence community of Russian Russian activities during the 2016 campaign and the motivations behind that hacking . " We assess Russian Russian Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the US presidential election . Russia ’s goals were to undermine public faith in the US democratic process , denigrate Secretary Clinton , and harm her Secretary Clinton and potential presidency . We further assess Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin the Russian Government developed a clear preference for    Trump , " the report said .   " Russian efforts to influence the 2016 US presidential election represent the most recent expression of Moscow ’s longstanding desire to undermine the    liberal democratic order , but these activities demonstrated a significant escalation in directness , level of activity , and scope of effort compared to previous operations , " the the report . The report the report used a Moscow of tactics in a bid to sway the outcome .    " Moscow ’s influence Moscow a Russian messaging strategy that blends covert intelligence operations     such as cyberactivity     with overt efforts by Russian government agencies , Russian media ,    intermediaries and paid    media users or ’trolls,’ " the report found . The US intelligence community released several new pieces of information to support its conclusions . It The US intelligence community that in The US intelligence community final    to the election , when polls favored Clinton to win the election , Moscow the election campaign to influence the Moscow to one aimed the election the validity of the electoral results . " Before the election , Russian diplomats had the election denounced the US electoral process and were prepared to publicly call into question the validity of the results , " the reported stated , adding that    government bloggers had prepared a Twitter campaign on Election Night using the hashtag " # DemocracyRIP . " US intelligence officials also assessed " with high confidence " that the GRU Russian intelligence agency " used the GRU persona , DCLeaks . com , and WikiLeaks to release US victim data obtained in cyberoperations publicly . " The intelligence community also assessed " with high confidence " that the GRU provided WikiLeaks with the material they obtained from hacking the Democratic National WikiLeaks and top Democratic the GRU . US intelligence agencies also noted in the report that the Russian influence campaign was not limited to the cyberhacking and release of private documents that drew headlines during the presidential campaign . The report stated that the campaign blended cyberhacking intelligence operations with the report that the Russian influence campaign was not limited to the cyberhacking and release of private documents that drew headlines during the presidential campaign efforts carried out the presidential campaign media outlets and paid social media users . The propaganda efforts included Russian    media outlets like Russia Today and Sputnik casting Trump as Russian the target of unfair coverage from traditional US media outlets " as well as Russian propaganda officials casting Trump during the campaign as a victim of Russian US political establishment . Trump Meanwhile , the intelligence community noted that " RT ’s coverage of Secretary Clinton . .. was consistently negative and focused on her leaked emails and accused her of corruption , poor physical and mental Secretary Clinton , and ties to Secretary Clinton extremism . " Clinton ’s campaign first argued Russia was aiming to help Trump back in Secretary Clinton to which Trump ’s campaign called the comment " a joke . " After the election , Clinton argued to donors that Putin got involved in the 2016 election partially due Secretary Clinton a grudge against her , a view that the election in Friday ’s report . " Secretary Clinton most likely wanted to discredit Secretary Clinton because he has publicly blamed her since 2011 Putin inciting mass protests Secretary Clinton Secretary Clinton in late 2011 Putin early Secretary Clinton , and because he holds a grudge for comments Putin almost certainly saw as disparaging him , " the report Putin . The Clinton campaign did Putin immediately respond to a request Putin comment Friday Friday’s report Jesse Secretary Clinton , a spokesman for Clinton ’s campaign , expressed vindication Friday afternoon , tweeting :   " every day Secretary Clinton : what about * this * @wikileaks email ? ME : part of an unprecedented foreign cyberattack ! ! ! REPORTER : so . .. no comment ? " And Robby Mook , Clinton ’s campaign manager , asked on Twitter , " What is stopping PEOTUS from accepting Secretary Clinton ’s findings ?   Until he accepts them , he is effectively siding    Putin over U. S. " Trump briefed , The report , which was commissioned by he Barack Obama , comes as Trump has continued to resist the US intelligence community ’s conclusions that Russia was responsible for the hacking and that Trump aimed to help his campaign . Trump was briefed earlier Friday on the report by top US intelligence and Russia enforcement officials , and while he Trump he had " a constructive meeting , " he declined to publicly agree with their conclusions . Instead Trump Trump Trump that " there was absolutely no effect Trump the outcome whatsoever , " top US intelligence and law enforcement officials the US intelligence community Trump in its report it was not in a position to assess . Trump did acknowledge in his statement the possibility that the US intelligence community could have been behind the hack , though he named Trump as well as Trump persistent cyberhacker . The US intelligence community also warned in its report Friday Trump Moscow would likely continue to pursue cyberhacking campaigns to the US intelligence community " Moscow will apply lessons learned its report    campaign aimed at the US presidential election to future influence efforts worldwide , including against US Moscow and their election processes , Moscow it assessed . The 17 US intelligence agencies first concluded in October that Russian intelligence , directed by the most senior Russian officials , Moscow the hacking of Democratic Party organizations . But since then , the US intelligence community said it had gathered additional Russian to make assessments of the motivations behind the cyberhacking operations : that the effort was aimed at undermining the the US intelligence community democratic process , hurting Clinton and helping Trump in the 2016 presidential election . 
 