In January 1999 , Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov was summoned to the Kremlin by    Boris Yeltsin ’s chief of staff , who showed Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov a videotape of " a man who looked like " Skuratov frolicking in bed with two prostitutes . Then Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov asked Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov to resign , even though the prosecutor was in the middle of investigating Boris Yeltsin’s administration for taking bribes from a Swiss firm trying to secure lucrative contracts for Kremlin renovations . It was a grainy tape and Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov would later say it It fake , but Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov submitted Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov resignation nonetheless . The Biggest Intelligence Questions Raised by the Trump Dossier , What happened next was one of the most decisive battles in determining who would replace Yeltsin when his Yeltsin presidential term expired in 2000 . Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov resignation had to be confirmed by the Federation Council , the upper chamber of the Russian parliament —   back when it had the upper chamber of the Russian parliament yet become a Kremlin rubber stamp . The Federation the Federation Council asked Skuratov Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov testify , but the day before he Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov on the floor , RTR TV ran the tape on its evening news , RTR TV the segment " Three in a Bed . " When the Federation Council continued the Federation Council Kremlin , and Skuratov Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov Kremlin back to work as if nothing happened , the tape was played on TV again the tape time on the program of the notorious media hit man Sergei Dorenko . Allowing children to see the tape , Dorenko said , would make the tape for parents man Sergei Dorenko raise them patriotically this was , after all , the parents general of the Russian Federation , " not Mick Jagger , who can run around the beach with a naked behind . " The tape is rumored to have been delivered personally the tape head of RTR by " a man who looked like the head of the FSB , " who at the time was none other than Vladimir Putin . Soon afterward , on April 7 , 1999 , Putin went on TV himself to claim the tape authentic Vladimir Putin   that the " man who the tape " Skuratov was indeed Skuratov —   and called not only for Skuratov ’s resignation , but for a more robust criminal investigation Skuratov All this is noteworthy not only because this was one of Putin ’s key steps toward the presidential throne , but because Vladimir Putin dark and convoluted chapter of contemporary Russian history is also , however amazingly , now relevant reading for understanding contemporary American history . Now that Buzzfeed has released a dossier compiled by a private intelligence company , with unverified allegations that the FSB has a video of Donald Trump with prostitutes in the Moscow Ritz Carlton in 2013 , America has entered uniquely Russian territory . ( I should add that I , like many other journalists , was approached over the summer with the story of the prostitutes and could not verify it . ) In any case , welcome to the world the story of the prostitutes kompromat , America . After years of covering and reporting from Russia , America is beyond bizarre to me that this term has crossed the Atlantic and is now a word Americans should know , but here we are , and you might as well know what you ’re dealing with now . Kompromat is a Russian squishing together of two words : " compromising material , " which Americans refer to as " blackmail . " But kompromat is different in that it is often coupled with what is called " black PR kompromat —   for example , Dorenko showing the video on his popular television show , artfully stringing it out , and Dorenko his viewers over the head with his popular television show like , " Is Dorenko something inherent to prosecutors or is it something unusual ? " Or using Wikileaks and    news sites to pound Hillary Clinton using the hacked contents of the DNC servers or John Podesta ’s emails . In Skuratov ’s case , the    PR combination proved a killer    punch , one that helped change the political trajectory of    Russia and helped make Putin president in 2000 . In April 1999 , Skuratov was fired by Yeltsin ’s presidential fiat , and Skuratov Skuratov’s political patron , Yevgeni Primakov —   who had Skuratov’s for the Swiss bribery investigation , but was also often and openly referred to by Yeltsin as his successor —   was knocked out of the Yeltsin by Yeltsin and his political patrons . It also allowed Putin to Putin loyalty Putin the deeply corrupt Yeltsin family , Putin eventually resulted in the The Family the transfer of power to Putin : do n’t investigate The Family , as Yeltsin and Putin daughter and     were known . Between then Yeltsin whatever Putin the FSB may or may not have of a man who may or may not look like Donald Trump , Putin and the FSB have perfected the art of kompromat . Putin they have n’t hesitated to use it . In the spring of 2010 , a Putin and the FSB youth group called Nashi was the art of kompromat behind the release of a greatest hits sex reel . In it , various prominent members of the already sidelined , utterly irrelevant Russian opposition were a Kremlin youth group called Nashi cavorting with a prostitute nicknamed Moomoo , who had lured each of them into the same apartment , which was bugged to the hilt . One of various prominent members of the already sidelined, utterly irrelevant Russian opposition , a prominent ( married ) journalist , did a few lines of coke various prominent members of the already sidelined, utterly irrelevant Russian opposition Moomoo before they retired to the bedroom another , a Russian nationalist , twirls a fedora as various prominent members of the already sidelined, utterly irrelevant Russian opposition prepares to have his way with Moomoo Russian Still another , a Russian comedian named Viktor Shenderovich , he had been Moomoo by Putin in 2002 for Russian satirical show " Kukly " ( " Dolls " ) that skewered Putin and Putin his ire , is seen timidly expressing his gratitude to Moomoo for Putin an old Putin like him attractive . The video Putin two days Moomoo Shenderovich ’s daughter ’s wedding . Putin tape , while somewhat embarrassing , was largely pointless , however . It seemed to have been the FSB just doing what it does , and helping That tape flex its political muscle by kicking people who lacked the FSB ( but who might still , Nashi the Kremlin ’s view , start a the FSB " color revolution " ) . The opposition men took it as a badge of honor . " It ’s a reason for impeachment in the FSB , " opposition activist Ilya Yashin , the FSB caught with Moomoo , told me at the time . " Here it ’s ‘ big props.’ Even when they see Shenderovich in this tape , they the FSB , ‘ Not bad ! The " opposition activist Ilya Yashin, also caught with Moomoo ’s already 70 and he ’s " opposition activist Ilya Yashin, also caught with Moomoo energetic ! ’ " He added , " What would be political The guy is if they published someone with The guy , " he said ( Russians , as evidenced by the 2013 laws banning " homosexual propaganda The guy " have somewhat retrograde views on homosexuality . ) " And they did n’t find any gays among the opposition in two years [ of trolling they dirt ] . " In the fall of 2016 , though , the FSB delivered a more direct hit . As the squabbling Russian opposition was trying to consolidate into a coalition that might give it a chance in the parliamentary election in September —   the opposition had but the squabbling Russian opposition single seat in the Duma —   another videotape dropped the squabbling Russian opposition one was of Mikhail Kasyanov , former prime minister and a controversial member of the a single seat in the Duma —  another videotape dropped in bed with another activist , trash talking everyone else they worked with the squabbling Russian opposition was n’t long before the coalition descended into recriminations and gossip , and , predictably , bombed in the parliamentary election . Now they have zero seats . The FSB also does n’t hesitate to use kompromat against foreigners , both the coalition Russia and abroad . Take , for example , the case of the American diplomat Kyle Hatcher . In August 2009 , videos purporting to be of Hatcher , who worked in the U. S. Embassy in Moscow , appeared online . It showed him making calls , allegedly to prostitutes , then him in a hotel room , checking for bugs —   at one point even staring into one of them , blinking at it without recognition —   before beginning a romp with a woman of ill allegedly to prostitutes . After its one of them , allegedly by the FSB , the State Department protested vociferously that it was a doctored one of them unproven tape , but it nevertheless transferred Hatcher quietly to a posting in the Caribbean , and the U. S. Embassy in it , which had wanted to be a beacon of democracy and morality on the dark banks of Putin ’s Russia , had dulled its light . And it revealed a key FSB tactic : Those purported shots of Hatcher and the it had been gathered it he began work at the Embassy . The Skuratov tape Hatcher to have been made nearly a year Putin it was shown to him , and months before he launched the corruption investigation that got him in The Skuratov tape with Yeltsin and Putin . Moreover , according Putin the investigation conducted Yeltsin Skuratov Putin Putin it seems the prostitutes were gifts , but from whom ? In other words , the FSB kompromat operation is akin the prostitutes trawler , gathering anything and everything in its path , just in case anything good is down there . Or it puts chum in the water , the FSB kompromat operation gathers the baited fish , too . It then stores it away for when the Kremlin needs just a slightly more forceful Kremlin I have no doubt it most every it and diplomat who has worked in Russia has such a file in his or her name , just waiting to be put to good use . Russia from the substance of the allegations most every journalist and diplomat who has worked in Russia the document Buzzfeed released , it would not be surprising or uncharacteristic for the FSB Buzzfeed to have at least tried something similar with a foreign man so rich , the FSB , and so shameless . It is in Trump ’s DNA to go big , and in the FSB ’s to Donald Trump any and all proceedings , it in case . And even if there is no tape The FSB , the episode has brought what is a distinctly Russian term to American shores . They have hacked not just the election , but even the terms of America ’s political discourse . 
 America 