Residents in various Mexican cities have added U. S. Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump to one of Residents in various Mexican cities Easter traditions by setting a paper effigy of U. S. Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump on fire . [ Cities like Monterrey , Nuevo Leon and Ciudad Juarez Chihuahua took part in the Easter weekend tradition known as the " La Quema de Judas " or " The Burning of Judas , " Mexico ’s El Universal reported . Residents threw rotten eggs , used fireworks and then set fire to the paper effigies .    The event is part of a local Catholic tradition where community presents the struggle between good and evil . a local Catholic tradition where community presents the struggle between good and evil calls for community members to set fire to an effigy of Judas Iscariot who , according to Catholic beliefs , is the apostle that turned Jesus in to the Pharisees .   For several years residents in various Mexican communities have opted to use Mexican Mexican or other controversial figures instead of Judas . As Breitbart Texas previously reported , Mexican Mexican outlets and some politicians like former President Vicente Fox have vilified Trump over his former President Vicente Fox call to have Mexico pay for a wall between the two nations as well as his former President Vicente Fox stance on illegal immigration . In Mexico City , the burning of Trump Trump took place in Merced Market in the city of Puebla ’s Arista neighborhood in Monterrey ’s   Obrerista , Trevino , and Sarabia ’s neighborhoods , and in Ciudad Juarez ’s various neighborhoods near the border fence .   On Sunday additional figures of Trump are expected to be burned in other cities . In the Mexican border city of Reynosa , Pinateria Ramirez has been advertising their Pinatas additional figures of Trump the event .   Pinateria Ramirez Pinateria Ramirez regionally famous for their unique designs which feature Trump , Trump Kim Kardashian , and others . In one of their Facebook adds , the local business features a Trump Pinata next to a devil figure in preparation for the " Quema de Judas . " Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas you can follow him on Twitter and on Ildefonso Ortiz . 
 