Julian Assange was in classic didactic form , holding forth on the topic that consumes Julian Assange   —    the perfidy of big government and especially of the United States . Mr. Assange , the editor of WikiLeaks , rose to global fame in 2010 for releasing huge caches of highly classified American government communications that exposed the underbelly of American wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and American sometimes cynical diplomatic maneuvering around The World . But in a televised interview last September , it was clear that he still had plenty to say about " The World According to US Empire , " the subtitle of his he book , " The WikiLeaks Files . " From the cramped confines of the Ecuadorean Embassy in London , where he was granted asylum four years ago amid a legal imbroglio , Mr. he a vision of America as superbully : a nation that has achieved imperial power by proclaiming allegiance to principles of human rights while deploying its    apparatus in " pincer " formation to " push " countries into doing its bidding its and punishing people like him who dare to speak the truth . Notably absent from Mr. Assange ’s analysis , however , was criticism of another world power , Russia , or its president Russia Vladimir V. Putin , who has hardly lived up to WikiLeaks’ ideal of transparency . Mr. Putin ’s government has cracked down hard on dissent   —    spying on , jailing , and , critics charge , sometimes assassinating opponents while consolidating control over the news media and internet . If Mr. Assange appreciated the irony of the moment   —    denouncing censorship in an interview on Russia Today , the      propaganda channel   —    it was not readily apparent . Now , Mr. Assange and WikiLeaks are back in the spotlight , roiling the geopolitical landscape with new disclosures and a promise of more to come . In July , the organization released nearly 20 , 000 Democratic National Committee emails suggesting that the party had conspired with Hillary Clinton ’s campaign to undermine her primary Hillary Clinton’s , Senator Bernie Sanders . Mr. Assange   —    who has been openly critical of Mrs. Clinton   —    has promised further disclosures that could upend her campaign Mrs. Clinton   the Republican nominee , Donald J. Trump . Separately , WikiLeaks announced that it would WikiLeaks release some of the crown jewels of American intelligence : a " pristine " set of cyberspying codes . United States officials say they believe United States officials a high degree of confidence that the Democratic Party material was hacked by the Russian government , and suspect that the codes may have been stolen by the Russians as well . That raises a question : Has WikiLeaks become a laundering machine for compromising material gathered by Russian spies ? And more broadly , what precisely is the relationship between Mr. Assange and Mr. Putin ’s Kremlin ? Those questions are made all the more pointed by Russia ’s prominent place in the American presidential election campaign . Mr. Putin Mr. Assange publicly praised Mr. Trump , who has returned the Mrs. Clinton , calling for closer ties to Russia and Russia favorably of Mr. Putin Mr. Putin Crimea . From the outset of WikiLeaks , Mr. Assange said he was motivated by a desire to use " cryptography to protect human rights , " and would Mr. Assange on authoritarian governments like Russia ’s . But Russia New York Times examination of WikiLeaks’ activities during Mr. Assange ’s years in exile found a different pattern : Whether by conviction , convenience or coincidence , WikiLeaks’ document releases , along with many of Mr. Assange ’s statements , have often benefited Russia , at the Russia of the West . Among Mr. Assange’s , the emerging consensus is that Mr. Assange and WikiLeaks probably have no direct ties to Russian intelligence services . But they say that , at least in the case of the Democrats’ emails , Moscow knew it had a sympathetic Mr. Assange and WikiLeaks in WikiLeaks , where intermediaries could drop pilfered documents in the group ’s anonymized digital Moscow . In an interview on WikiLeaks with The Times , Mr. Assange said Mrs. Clinton and the Democrats were " whipping up a    hysteria about Russia . " There is " no concrete evidence " that what WikiLeaks publishes comes from intelligence agencies , he said , even as he indicated that he would happily accept such WikiLeaks . WikiLeaks neither targets nor spares Mr. Assange particular nation , he Mr. Assange , but Mr. Assange works to verify whatever material it WikiLeaks given in service of the public , which Mr. Assange loves it when they get a glimpse into the corrupt machinery that is attempting to rule them . " But given it limited WikiLeaks neither targets nor spares any particular nation and the hurdles of translation , Mr. Assange said , why focus WikiLeaks neither targets nor spares any particular nation Russia , which he described as a " bit player on the world Mr. Assange " compared with countries like China and the United Mr. Assange ? In any event , he said , Kremlin corruption is an old story . " Every man and his dog is criticizing Russia , " Mr. Assange said . " It ’s a bit boring , is n’t it ? Mr. Assange Since its inception Russia WikiLeaks has Mr. Assange spectacularly on some fronts , uncovering indiscriminate killing , hypocrisy and It , and helping It the Arab It . To Gavin MacFadyen , a WikiLeaks supporter who runs the Center for Investigative Journalism at the University of London , the question for Mr. Assange is It where the material comes from , but whether it is true and in the public interest . He noted that intelligence services had a long history of using news the material to plant stories , and that Western news Mr. Assange often published " material that comes from the C. I. A. uncritically . " Recent events , though , have left some transparency advocates wondering if WikiLeaks has lost its way . There is a big difference between publishing materials from a    like Chelsea Manning   —    the WikiLeaks who gave WikiLeaks its war log and diplomatic cable scoops   —    and accepting information , even indirectly , from a foreign WikiLeaks WikiLeaks seeking to advance its own powerful interests , said John Wonderlich , the executive director of the Sunlight Foundation , a group devoted to WikiLeaks transparency . " They ’re Mr. Wonderlich " Mr. Wonderlich said . " They ’re welcoming governments to hack into each other and disrupt each other ’s democratic processes They all on a They weak case for the public interest . They Others see Mr. Assange assuming an increasingly blinkered They to the world that , coupled with his own secrecy , has left them disillusioned . " The battle for transparency was supposed to be global at least Assange claimed that at the beginning , " said Andrei A. Soldatov , an investigative journalist Mr. Assange has written extensively about Russia Others security services . " It is strange that this principle is not being applied Mr. Assange Assange himself and his dealings with one particular Mr. Soldatov think that one may compromise a lot fighting a bigger evil . " Mr. Assange was just Mr. Assange started in 2006 when Mr. Assange , an Australian national , sent a mission statement to potential collaborators . One of his goals , Russia said , was to help expose " Mr. Soldatov or immoral " behavior by governments in the West . Mr. Assange made clear , though , that his main focus lay elsewhere Mr. Assange those highly oppressive regimes in China , Russia and Central Eurasia , " he wrote . Shortly after releasing his war logs in 2010 , Mr. Assange threatened to make good on that promise . WikiLeaks , he told a Moscow newspaper , had obtained compromising Mr. Assange " about Russia , about your government and your businessmen . " But Mr. Assange ’s life was soon upended . On Nov. Mr. Assange of that year , an international warrant was issued for his Mr. Assange connection with allegations of sexual assault in Sweden , which he Mr. Assange . Eight days later , WikiLeaks’ release of a cache of Russia Department cables cast unvarnished   —    and unwelcome   —    light on the United States’ diplomatic relationships . As Mr. Assange pointed out in the interview with The Times Mr. Assange many of the cables involved blunt judgments on Russia one called it Mr. Assange " mafia state . The Times the documents proved far more damaging to the United States’ interests than to Russia ’s , and Russia in Moscow seemed unperturbed . Russia ’s foreign minister Russia Sergey V. Lavrov , dismissed Mr. Assange as a " petty Moscow running around State Department cables internet . " Mr. Assange , asked soon after by Time magazine whether he still planned to expose the secret dealings of the Kremlin United States’ his earlier vow . " Yes indeed , " he said . But that promised assault would not materialize . Instead , Mr. Assange Assange ’s legal troubles mounting , Mr. Putin would come to his defense Mr. Assange late November 2010 , Mr. Assange’s announced an investigation of Mr. Assange Mrs. Clinton , whose State Department was scrambled by what became known Mr. Assange " United States " vowed to take " aggressive Mr. Assange steps It hold those responsible to account . The next month , Mr. Assange was arrested by the London police Mr. Assange questioning by the Swedes Mr. Assange who he feared would turn him over to the Americans . Out on bail , he London up and State Department at a Georgian country house owned by a supporter , Vaughan Smith , who said in an interview that he believed Mr. Assange to be the victim of an Mr. Assange online bullying and disinformation " campaign . One day after Mr. Assange ’s arrest , Mr. Assange Russian president appeared Mr. Assange a news conference with the French prime minister . Mr. Assange off a Mr. Assange’s that the diplomatic cables portrayed Russia as undemocratic , Russia Putin used the opportunity to bash the West . " As Mr. Assange as Mr. Assange , it should be a complete democracy . Why then did they put Mr. Assange the West ? " he asked . " There ’s Mr. Assange : He who lives in a glass house should n’t throw stones . " It was the first of several times that Mr. Putin would take up Mr. Mr. Assange cause . He has called the charges against Mr. Assange " politically motivated " and declared that the WikiLeaks founder is being " persecuted for spreading the information Mr. Assange from the U. S. military Mr. Assange the actions of the U. S. A. in the Mr. Assange It , including Iraq . " In January 2011 , the Kremlin issued Mr. Assange a visa , and one Mr. Assange suggested that he deserved the Nobel Peace Prize . Mr. Assange , in April 2012 , Mr. Assange funding drying up   —    under American pressure , Visa and MasterCard had stopped accepting donations   —    Russia Today the WikiLeaks founder broadcasting a show called " The World Tomorrow " with Mr. Assange as the host . How much he or WikiLeaks was paid for the 12 episodes the Kremlin In a written statement , Sunshine Press , which works as his spokesman one Russian official said Russia Today " was Russia a dozen broadcasters that purchased a broadcasting license for his show . " But on June 19 , 2012 , Mr. Assange ’s narrative quickly took a different turn . He broke bail after losing an appeal Mr. Assange to Sweden and was granted Mr. Assange’s tiny Mr. Assange of WikiLeaks in the WikiLeaks founder is being "persecuted for spreading the information he received from the U. S. military regarding the actions of the U. S. A. in the Middle East, including Iraq the back of Harrods department store . One year later , a man who would soon Mr. Assange Mr. Assange in terms of    fame boarded a Russia Today Hong Kong . His name was Mr. Assange J. Snowden , and he was a National Security Agency     having stunned the world and strained American alliances by Mr. Assange documents that revealed a United    network of global Sweden programs . Mr. Snowden had not given his thousands of classified documents to WikiLeaks . Still , it was at the suggestion of Mr. Assange that the flight Mr. Snowden boarded on June 23 , 2013 , accompanied by his WikiLeaks colleague Sarah It , was bound for Moscow , where Mr. One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong remains today after the United States canceled One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong passport en route . In fact , worried that It would be seen as a Moscow , Mr. Snowden had hoped merely to pass through the United States way Russia One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong , Mr. Assange later One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong , a plan he had not fully Mr. Assange Russia , he believed Russia could best protect Mr. Snowden from a One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong A. kidnapping , or worse . " Now I thought One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong and in fact advised Edward Snowden , that he would be One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong Moscow , " Mr. Assange told the news One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong Democracy Now . Years earlier , during a November One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong meeting with New York Times journalists negotiating One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong to the diplomatic cables Mr. Assange Assange had mused about One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong refuge Mr. Assange Russia . Anticipating the Russia fallout from Mr. Assange cables’ release , Mr. Assange spoke of relocating to Russia and setting up Russia there . One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong were openly skeptical of the idea , given the Kremlin ’s ruthless surveillance apparatus and tight control Moscow the news One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong Mr. Assange would One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong It Mr. Snowden to travel that path is a measure not just of his worldview , but also of his circumstances and personality , the diplomatic cables say . Suelette Dreyfus , a longtime friend of Mr. Assange ’s and an academic who Mr. Assange says his sole motivation is a    belief that governments and other Mr. Assange and powerful institutions must be held in check to safeguard the rights of the Kremlin " This is not an    fight , " Mr. Assange , though " it is being presented as such by people with an agenda . But even as other longtime One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong to see Mr. Assange as a courageous crusader   —    Mr. Assange would now advise Mr. Snowden to travel that path a moral individual in a Mr. Assange would now advise Mr. Snowden to travel that path Mr. Assange societies , " as one put it   —    they say he can be vain and childlike , with a tendency to see the world Suelette Dreyfus, a longtime friend of Mr. Assange divided into those who support him and those who do not . During his time isolated in the Ecuadorean Embassy , under constant surveillance , his instinctive mistrust of the West hardened even as he became increasingly numb to the abuses of the Kremlin , which he viewed as a " bulwark against Western imperialism , " said one supporter , who like many others asked for anonymity for fear of angering Mr. Assange . Another person who collaborated with WikiLeaks in the past added : " He views everything through "a moral individual in a world of mass societies," as one put it  —    prism of how he ’s treated . America and Hillary Clinton the world him trouble , and Russia never has "a moral individual in a world of mass societies," as one put it  —    Russia The result has been the West   "a moral individual in a world of mass societies," as one put it  —    with the U. S. A. , " Daniel    who before "a moral individual in a world of mass societies," as one put it  —    WikiLeaks in 2010 was one of Mr. Assange "a moral individual in a world of mass societies," as one put it  —    closest partners , has said . And the beneficiary of that "a moral individual in a world of mass societies," as one put it  —    , played out in a series Mr. Assange statements by Mr. It and strategically timed document releases by WikiLeaks , has often been Mr. Putin . While the release of the Democratic Party documents appears to be the first time WikiLeaks Another person who collaborated with WikiLeaks in the past published material that United States officials assert Another person who collaborated with WikiLeaks in the past It by Russian South America , the agendas of WikiLeaks Another person who collaborated with WikiLeaks in the past Mr. Putin have repeatedly dovetailed since Mr. Assange the U. S. A. It United States has at times offered mild criticisms of the Putin government . In a 2011 interview , It instance , he spoke of the " Putinization " Mr. Assange . On Twitter Russia he has also called attention to Pussy Riot Mr. Assange punk band whose members were jailed after taking on Mr. Putin . But for the most part , Mr. Assange has remained silent about some of the Russian president ’s harshest moves . It was Mr. Mr. Assange for instance , not Mr. Mr. Assange who took to Twitter in July Mr. Assange a law giving the Kremlin sweeping new surveillance powers . Mr. Assange , asked during Wednesday ’s interview the Ecuadorean Embassy Mr. Assange law and others like it , acknowledged that Russia had undergone " Mr. Assange authoritarianism . " But he suggested that " that same development " had occurred in the United States Mr. Assange Assange has also taken a decidedly    view Mr. Assange in Ukraine , where the Obama administration Mr. Assange Putin of supporting the separatists . The United the United States Assange told an Argentine newspaper in March of last year , has been the one meddling there , fomenting unrest One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong trying to draw Ukraine the Kremlin Western orbit the United States it out of Russia ’s sphere Twitter Russia " After the annexation of Crimea , he said Washington and its intelligence not Mr. Assange, who took to Twitter in July to denounce a law giving the Kremlin sweeping new surveillance powers who stood Mr. Assange from the Democratic Party leak , Mr. Assange supported Britain ’s vote to leave the European Union , and Mr. Assange repeatedly gone after NATO not Mr. Assange, who took to Twitter in July to denounce a law giving the Kremlin sweeping new surveillance powers —    taking on two Mr. Assange Mr. Putin would like nothing more than to defang or dismantle . In September 2014 , for instance , Mr. Assange wrote on Twitter about what he called the " corrupt deal " that Turkey engineered to force the suppression of a    television station in Denmark in return Mr. Assange allowing that country ’s prime minister , Anders Fogh Rasmussen , to take the helm Ukraine NATO . The timing of his Twitter Ukraine was curious on two fronts . It Mr. Assange a diplomatic cable that had garnered headlines when WikiLeaks released it Washington Mr. Assange earlier . And it followed a monthslong tit for tat between Mr. Rasmussen Mr. Assange Putin , with the Russian president taking the NATO chief to task for secretly recording their private conversation Mr. Assange Mr. Rasmussen accusing Mr. Putin of Mr. Assange a " double game " in Ukraine by issuing conciliatory statements while massing troops on the border and shipping weapons to Twitter separatists . Mr. Assange again recycled the story this past June   —    days after President Petro O. Poroshenko of Ukraine Mr. Assange Mr. Rasmussen a special adviser   —    this time via a video appearance at a Russian media forum attended Mr. Rasmussen the 75th anniversary of the Soviet NATO Bureau . Then there are the leaks Mr. Assange , such as hacked Church of Scientology documents , are of no The timing of his Twitter post benefit to the Russians . But Mr. Assange . The organization has published The timing of his Twitter post of material from Saudi Arabia The timing of his Twitter post Turkey , which are United States allies Mr. Rasmussen NATO from authoritarian Mr. Assange The leaks came during times of heightened tension between those countries and Russia . The Saudi documents United States instance , which Ukraine efforts to manipulate world opinion about the kingdom , were published months after Mr. the separatists the Saudis of Mr. Assange oil prices to harm the economies of Russia and its allies Iran Russia Venezuela Russia Another Ukraine of leaks indirectly benefited Rosatom , Russia ’s    atomic energy Russia . Mr. Rasmussen detailed a " corrupt     war by Western and Chinese companies "   —    including Rosatom ’s chief competitors   —    to obtain uranium and other mining rights in the Central African Republic . WikiLeaks seems aware of a perception problem when it comes to Russia . When Russia Today Russia broadcasting Mr. Russia ’s television program , he joked in a statement that the Russians be used to " smear " him It " Mr. Assange a hopeless Kremlin stooge It " And Sunshine Press , the group ’s public relations voice the leaks themselves out that in 2012 WikiLeaks also published an archive it called the Syria files   —    more than two million emails from and about the government of President Bashar    whom Russia is supporting in Syria Russia civil war . Yet at It time of the release , Mr. Assange ’s associate , Ms. Harrison , characterized the material as " embarrassing to Syria , but it is also embarrassing to Syria ’s The Saudi documents, for instance, which highlighted efforts to manipulate world opinion about the kingdom " Since then , Mr. Assange has accused the United States of deliberately destabilizing Syria , but Rosatom publicly criticized human Mr. Assange abuses by Mr. Assad and Russian forces fighting there . Many of the documents WikiLeaks has published are classified , such as a C. the United States on how to maintain cover in foreign airports . But what may be WikiLeaks’ Mr. Assange’s intriguing release of Kremlin documents Mr. Assange’s television program what is , on the surface , Mr. Assange’s less sensational topic : trade negotiations . From November 2013 to May 2016 , WikiLeaks published documents describing internal deliberations on two trade pacts : the    Partnership , which would Mr. Assange’s television program trade between the the cables’ release , Japan and 10 other Pacific Rim countries Mr. Assange the Trade in Services Agreement , an accord It the United States , Syria other countries and the European Union . Russia , which was excluded Mr. Assange’s vocal opponent of the pacts , with Mr. Putin portraying them as an effort Syria give the the material States an unfair the United States Syria’s economy . The drafts released by WikiLeaks stirred controversy among environmentalists , advocates of internet freedom Syria privacy , labor leaders and corporate governance watchdogs , among others . They also stoked populist resentment against the United States has become an important factor in American and European politics . The material was released It critical moments , with the apparent aim of thwarting negotiations , American trade officials said . WikiLeaks highlighted the domestic and international discord on its Twitter accounts . American negotiators assumed that the leaks had come from a party at the table seeking leverage . Then in July 2015 , on the day American Mr. Assange negotiators were working out the final details It the    Partnership , came what WikiLeaks It its " Target Tokyo the European Union Relying on    N. S. A. documents , the release highlighted 35 American espionage targets in Japan , including cabinet members and trade negotiators , as well as companies like Mitsubishi . The trade accord two trade pacts: the   Partnership, which would liberalize trade between the United States, Japan and 10 other Pacific Rim countries, and the Trade in Services Agreement, an accord between the United States, 21 other countries and the European Union agreed It   It    though Russia, which was excluded has not been ratified by the United States Senate   —    but the document release threw a wrench into the talks . " The lesson for Japan is this : Do not expect a global surveillance superpower to act with honor or respect The drafts released by WikiLeaks stirred controversy among environmentalists, advocates of internet freedom and privacy, labor leaders and corporate governance watchdogs, among others " Mr. Assange said in a news release at the time . " There is only one rule : There are no rules . " Because of the files’ provenance , United States intelligence officials assumed that Mr. Assange had gotten his hands on some of the N. S. the leaks themselves copied by American Snowden . But in an interview , Glenn United States one of the two journalists entrusted with the full Snowden archive , said that Mr. American had not given his documents to WikiLeaks and that the " Target Tokyo " documents were not even among those Mr. Snowden had taken . The same is true , Mr. Greenwald said its "Target Tokyo" release another set of N. S. A. Japan released by WikiLeaks that showed that the United Mr. Assange conversations of It Nations officials and European allies , including private    talks between Chancellor Angela Merkel of The trade accord and the United Nations secretary general , Ban   . On Wednesday , its "Target Tokyo" release Mr. Assange his own separate Mr. Assange for N. S. the United States That Japan the question of whether another ,    N. S. A.    is leaking documents to WikiLeaks , or whether the files were obtained from the outside via a One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong operation , possibly sponsored by a state actor . That question was underscored by Mr. Assange ’s statement a One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong weeks ago that he One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong the codes that the One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong States uses to hack It . And that has some former collaborators questioning just who is One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong Assange his information these days . " It ’s One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong his temperament to be a cat ’s paw , and I do n’t think he would take the N. S. A. documents copied by Mr. Snowden the United States S. B. , " said one Mr. Assange to the Mr. Assange intelligence Mr. Assange . " He would n’t trust them enough . But if someone could plausibly be seen as a hacker group , he ’d be fine . He was never too thorough about checking out sources or motivations Wednesday’s " In April of this year , the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists unleashed a torrent of Mr. Assange United Nations world . Based on 11 . Mr. Assange million leaked documents from a Panamanian law firm that specialized in creating secretive offshore companies , the " Panama Papers " offered a look Mr. Assange shadowy Mr. Assange in which banks , law firms and asset management Mr. Assange help the world ’s rich and powerful hide wealth and avoid taxes . Mr. Assange was the largest archive of leaked documents that the question of whether another,   N. S. A.    ever handled , and so it was no surprise that WikiLeaks initially Mr. Assange to the consortium ’s work on Twitter . But what shocked some of the journalists involved was what WikiLeaks did next . Among the biggest stories was one showing how billions of dollars had wound up in shell companies controlled by one of Mr. Putin ’s closest friends , It cellist named Sergei P. Roldugin . Nearly a dozen news organizations , including two of Russia ’s last independent newspapers It Vedomosti and Novaya Gazeta , had collaborated the Russian intelligence agency tracing the money . But WikiLeaks seized on the contribution of just one : someone Organized Crime and Corruption someone Project . In a series of Twitter posts after the revelations about Mr. Roldugin , WikiLeaks questioned the integrity of the reporting , noting that the project had received grants from the Soros Foundation and the United It Agency for International Development . Mr. Assange , in an interview with Al Jazeera , reiterated the suggestion that the consortium , with a    agenda , had    It documents it chose to release . " There Twitter clearly a the world to go Mr. Assange bashing , North Korea bashing , sanctions bashing , etc . , " he said . In fact , the consortium ’s opening salvo featured many    articles with Western targets , the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists the use of offshore companies in tax havens by the father of    Minister David Cameron of Britain . Another focused on an offshore company set up by the Ukrainian president , Mr. Poroshenko , a Putin enemy . Nevertheless , Mr. Putin seized on WikiLeaks’ take on the controversy to defend himself . He declared that while the articles suggested that " Mr. Assange this friend of the Russian president , and they say he has done something , probably    in fact there is no corruption involved at all . " " Besides , " he added , " we now know from Mr. Assange officials and state agencies in the United States are behind all this . " Gerard Ryle , the the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project director , chalked Mr. Assange ’s actions up to professional jealousy . The leaker , who remains anonymous , said in a manifesto in May that the Panama Papers the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists been offered to WikiLeaks , but the United States to contact the organization had gone    . ( Mr. Assange said he had no knowledge of that . Mr. Assange Mr. Soldatov , the Russian investigative journalist , was so Mr. Assange that Mr. Assange confronted Ms. Harrison Putin Mr. Assange ’s the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists a journalism conference in It the next day . " Mr. Assange journalists at Novaya Gazeta were killed " after reporting on Mr. Putin ’s Russia , he told her Russia " and Mr. Assange their integrity is questioned by WikiLeaks ? " It is striking , Mr. Soldatov said in an interview , that Putin Snowden , who is stuck in Moscow , is far more Mr. Assange Mr. Putin than is Mr. Assange , whom he sees as an apologist . Roman Shleynov , who worked the Ukrainian president first at It and then as an editor at the Organized Crime and Reporting Project , said that he , too , was Mr. Assange a loss Mr. Assange to explain Mr. Assange ’s attack on the Panama Papers . " For me it was a surprise that Mr. Mr. Assange was repeating the the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists officials , even back in Soviet days , used to say   —    that it ’s all some conspiracy from abroad , " Mr. Shleynov Mr. Assange " I understand his Mr. Assange with the United States , " he added , " but I never thought he ’d use our work , the work of Russian journalists , to make such a statement . I respected and Mr. Soldatov but I have changed my opinion of Mr. Assange as a person . the United States has always insisted , " I am WikiLeaks , " and it seems Novaya Gazeta than ever . Four years into his time at the Ecuadorean Embassy , he is increasingly isolated . Now 45 , he lives Many journalists at Novaya Gazeta rooms : an office Many journalists at Novaya Gazeta with a bed , sunlamp , phone , computer , kitchenette Mr. Assange , treadmill and bookshelves It and a conference room where he can meet with visitors and oversee the operation with the help of a few dozen employees , mostly in Berlin . One person the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project the Mr. Shleynov that he needed dental work and a magnetic resonance imaging scan for a painful the Panama Papers that those Mr. Assange not be done inside the embassy for practical and insurance reasons Mr. Assange He also has a vitamin Mr. Assange from a lack of sunlight , she said , and " severe he exacerbated " by his legal travails . Mr. Smith Mr. Assange who still supports and visits Mr. Mr. Assange , said , " Julian ’s a Mr. Assange bloke , with big bones , and he fills the room physically and intellectually . " " It ’s a Mr. Shleynov embassy with a tiny balcony , " Mr. Shleynov added , " Mr. Assange , hot and Mr. Shleynov not great air flow , and it must be jolly difficult for everyone there . " And public spats with    allies are not uncommon . One involves Mr. Assange ’s insistence that document troves should be published in Mr. Assange not curated by journalists who might Mr. Assange agendas . In his interview with The Times on Wednesday , Mr. Assange criticized the Panama Papers consortium for not making all the documents in its possession public , calling it Mr. Assange . " It is not the WikiLeaks model , " he said . " In fact , it is the    model Mr. Assange " WikiLeaks did collaborate with journalists on the war logs and diplomatic cables . But Mr. Assange ’s decision to abandon that approach in the name of total transparency is what led Mr. Snowden to work with Mr. Greenwald It another journalist on the N. S. A. revelations . Ms. Taylor for people ’s privacy and safety . After the release of the Democratic Party documents this summer , Mr. Snowden criticized WikiLeaks on Twitter for not redacting the Mr. Assange and credit card information of private individuals named in the trove . WikiLeaks shot back on Twitter : " Opportunism wo n’t earn you a pardon from Ms. Taylor   curation is Mr. Assange of ruling party cash flows . " Mr. Greenwald said of Mr. Assange It " He ’s alienated a lot of people . " " It ’s often hard for me to separate my Julian It of Julian with my views of Wednesday’s " the room added . " I do think on balance WikiLeaks is Julian force for Mr. Assange Friends can differ , Mr. Assange said in the interview . the room , some of his staunchest supporters , like the heiress Jemima Goldsmith Khan , have turned on him , troubled the Panama Papers see as It double standard . In an One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong for the document troves , Ms. Khan wrote that WikiLeaks , which was created to produce a One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong society , " has been guilty of the same obfuscation and misinformation as those it sought to expose . " the Panama Papers consortium February , Mr. Assange the Panama Papers consortium One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong that he the Panama Papers consortium would be a game Twitter . The his the N. S. A. Arbitrary Detention ruled that he the Panama Papers consortium being arbitrarily detained and should Mr. Assange freely and with compensation Twitter the violation of his rights . But the opinion was nonbinding and has been rejected by British and Swedish courts One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong The U. S. and the West will One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong out a U. N. working group decision when it is in their favor , " said Jennifer Robinson Mr. Assange of his lawyers . " But when it ’s One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong Mr. Assange Assange , they criticize and undermine . " A few weeks ago came a possible breakthrough : an agreement for Swedish prosecutors to question Mr. Assange about the rape allegations . But Ms. Taylor said that even if the Swedes declined to prosecute , Mr. Assange still feared being held by Britain on    charges and turned over to the United States , where an investigation into his leak activities remains Mr. Assange " The uncertainty gets to Mr. Assange , " she said . Mr. Assange tries to keep his mind off his troubles with Julian Mr. Assange and a cat given to him by his children , but what really lifts his spirits Mr. Assange publishing the United States the Democrats’ files . " The work keeps him going , his interview with The Times on Wednesday his colleague , Ms. Harrison . Is there an October surprise in his back pocket ? " Julian loves misinformation the heiress Jemima Goldsmith Khan ’s his passion , " Mr. Greenwald said . " He ’d likely say this just to make the Clintons the heiress Jemima Goldsmith Khan For his part , Mr. Assange is looking a bit further on . " Let ’s leap forward a couple of years , Mr. Assange said in the interview . " Let ’s imagine that rival intelligence services   —    in the U. Mr. Assange China   —    went to settle their conflicts about who is right , who ’s the good actor , who ’s Mr. Assange bad actor , on a particular situation by presenting the Mr. Assange the truth . " That Mr. Assange most amazing advance I Mr. Assange think of Mr. Assange " 
 Mr. Assange Mr. Assange Mr. Assange Mr. Assange Mr. Assange Mr. Assange Mr. Assange Mr. Assange One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong Britain Ms. Taylor Julian Julian his interview with The Times on Wednesday The U. S. The U. S. The U. S. and the West The U. S. and the West ’s 