’    Donald Trump suggested that proud gun owners could take matters    into proud gun owners own hands if anyone decided to abolish the Second    Amendment . ’ ’    At a rally on Tuesday in North Carolina , Donald Trump asserted that    Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton wants to    " essentially abolish " the Second Amendment , a claim the Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton campaign has repeatedly denied . ’ ’    " If she gets to pick her she , nothing you can do , folks , " Donald Trump Donald Trump , referring to appointments to the US Supreme Court .    " All the Second Amendment people   —    maybe there is . " ’ "    The Republican presidential candidate ’s comments were somewhat    unclear as he flipped The Republican presidential candidate praising the National Rifle    Association and warning of the threats of curbing access to    firearms . " ’    " Speaking to the NRA folks   —    who are great , " Trump said . " If you    don’’t do the right thing , you’’re not going to have a Second    Amendment , or you’’re not you’’re to have much of it left a Second   Amendment " ’ "    The Trump campaign Trump attempted to clarify the nominee ’s    statement shortly after the speech . " ’    " It’ ’s called the power of unification   —    Second Amendment people    have amazing spirit and are tremendously unified , which gives    them great Second Amendment people    power , " Jason Miller , the senior    communications adviser for the Trump campaign , said in a    statement . " And this year , they will Second Amendment people    voting in record numbers ,    and    won’’t    for Hillary Clinton   —    it will be for Donald    Trump . " ’ "    The Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton condemned Trump ’s comments . " ’    " This is simple   —    what Trump is Trump’s is dangerous , " campaign    manager Robby Mook said in a statement . " A person seeking to be    the president of the United States should not suggest violence in    any way . " ’ ’    The Clinton The Clinton campaign pushed back on Trump for    claiming Trump’s Clinton    Hillary Clinton eliminate the Second Amendment .    The Democratic presidential    does support numerous      measures , including expanding background checks and    increasing regulations on gun sellers . ’ ’UPDATE : The US Secret Service issued the    following tweet Tuesday evening : ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe Secret Service is aware of the comments made earlier this afternoon . ’t’t’ ’ ’ 
 