’   ’ ’    A month into his presidency , Donald Trump was surprised . ’ ’    " Nobody knew healthcare could be this complicated , " Donald Trump mused during a White House event on February 27 . ’ ’    Three months , two votes , and one hugely unpopular bill    later , the Republican Party is still struggling    with just how complicated healthcare can be . ’ "    Despite advancing the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) out of the    House , the GOP ’s attempt to repeal and replace the Affordable    Care Act is still , at best , from completion . A series of snags    have complicated the top item on the party ’s agenda . " "    Between crumbling insurance markets , policy divisions in    the party , and public dissatisfaction with their policy divisions in   the party, and public dissatisfaction with their proposals,   the GOP’s healthcare overhaul ,    the GOP ’s healthcare overhaul is on shaky ground . " "    The AHCA took another hit this week when the Congressional Budget    Office released its the Congressional Budget   Office projections on the legislation ’s    effects on premiums and coverage . " ’    The CBO found that the bill would bring down premiums in the    aggregate and reduce the deficit , but also result in 23 million    fewer people having health insurance in 2026 than under the    current baseline . ’ ’    Perhaps most strikingly , the The CBO The CBO a new provision in    the AHCA , imposed by the    MacArthur amendment ,    would undermine protections for people with preexisting    conditions and leave them subject people    premiums    ’ ’ ( ) ’ ’    Even before the score , the bill was not popular with Americans . ’ ’    A poll released by Quinnipiac University on Thursday showed just    20 % of Americans support the AHCA , and other polls consistently    show that the bill the bill unpopular . ’ ’    ’ ’    time , Obamacare has seen a surge in popularity . A    recent Gallup poll showed 55 % of Americans support the law , its    highest level of 55% of Americans since its passage more than seven 55% of Americans    ago . ’ ’   ’ ’    Republicans in Washington have heard the pushback   —    at least in    the Senate . ’ ’    Even as House GOP leaders were celebrating the passage of the    AHCA in a white House Rose Garden ceremony with Trump earlier    this month , Senate GOP members were saying they were prepared to    Senate GOP members the legislation and    their own version of the Senate GOP members bill . ’ ’    Senate Republicans have worked over Senate last few weeks in an    attempt to come up with their own version of a Senate Republicans    bill .   ’ "    It does n’t appear to be going smoothly . " ’    On Tuesday , GOP Sen. Bob Corker expressed frustration with the    Senate process , questioning the working group of    roughly 13 lawmakers that are crafting the bill . ’ ’ a healthcare   bill ’   ’ ’    While there are plenty of issues to iron out , there are two    major disagreements , said Cynthia Cox , associate director at    nonpartisan health policy think tank The Kaiser Family    Foundation : ’ ’    Both of these issues , Cox said , do have a Cynthia Cox theme : money . ’ ’    " To make any of those changes , they need one relative to the those changes AHCA , " Cox said . " So it Cynthia Cox also come down to which    taxes they cut , or don’’t . " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’      cost sharing reduction ( CSR ) payments help to offset    costs to insurers for providing    Americans with    affordable plans that reduce     costs . Their future is    uncertain . ’ ’ ( ) ’ ’    As Obamacare was signed into law , the Obama administration    stipulated that CSR payments would be funded via    the executive branch . That authority was contested by the      House in a lawsuit that has been ongoing for    several years . The House argues that only Congress the     House the     House authority to appropriate the funds . ’ ’    A court ruled in 2016 against the Obama administration ,    endangering the future of the CSR payments . The Obama    administration appealed the ruling the Obama administration Trump administration    must ultimately decide whether to continue the Obama administration    Trump himself has cast serious doubt as to whether it will .    the Obama administration On Monday , the Trump administration and the the Obama administration agreed to delay    the next step in the case , punting another 90 days to try and    come up with a solution outside of the courts . ’ "       the uncertainty over the critical CSR payments have    left insurers in limbo as they decide their plans for the    exchanges’ 2018 plan year . The deadline left insurers in limbo submit left insurers in limbo for    the exchanges next year is late June , giving insurers little time    and clarity on how to price their plans   —    or whether    ’s worth    participating at all insurers " ’    Cox said the their plans   over the payments could end up driving    insurers away , or cause the companies to increase their premiums . ’ ’    " They really need clarity on this now the companies " Cox said . " Without this    clarity , they’’re either going to have Cox decide to leave the    market or raise their premiums substantially , and in most cases I    would expect insurers to they’’re one of those two things . " ’       Matthew Fiedler ,   agreed that    the uncertainty could have a negative effect on consumer    choices . ’       " The fact that the administration is a    question mark that    needs to be resolved at some point later in the summer can’’t make    them feel particularly good about where the market is , " Fiedler    told Business Insider . " I think it continues to make them place    significant weight on the idea that the the market might    ultimately them be there next year and when there’ ’s any    possibility    they won’’t be paid it just makes it very hard to    plan . them ’ ’   ’ ’    Already , states where insurers have submitted their 2018 exchange    plans have seen significant premium increases .   ’ ’ insurers Republicans have argued that the rates are another sign that    Obamacare as it stands is failing and that the need to pass a    repeal and replacement is even more urgent . ’ ’    House Speaker Paul Ryan’ ’s website labeled a New York Times    editorial attributing some of the insurer exits from    insurance exchanges to the AHCA as " disingenuous nonsense . " ’ ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    One insurer took this a step further and clearly pinned the blame    on the AHCA for serious instability in the individual insurance    market . ’ ’ the AHCA Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina said the company    decided to more than double their requested premium increase    due to One insurer . ’ ’    The company has Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina a 22 . 9 % increase for the average    premium in 2018 One insurer said that if the CSR payments were    guaranteed , that would only by 8 . 8 % . ’ ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’A month into his presidency , Donald Trump was . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 