  ( CNN ) Russian cyberhacking activity has continued largely unabated since the November election , including against US political organizations , US officials briefed on the investigation told CNN on Thursday .   Among the attempted cyber breaches are phishing attempts targeting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , one official says . The attempt to breach the Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign was unsuccessful , investigators tell CNN .   attempts targeting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign appear to trace back to some of the same Russian hackers behind the breaches of Democratic Party organizations in the past year , one official said . The FBI has expanded its The FBI probe of Russian Russian to include the more recent attempts .   Russians " continue to do all kinds of stuff " against American political organizations , think tanks and thought leaders another US official said .    " It ’s not like the one and done deal here . They continue to engage in this operation around the clock . " This person said the US constantly trying to shut down access to different avenues for cyber attacks . " There ’s a lot that gets done with our own security services , " the official another US official In terms of retaliation against Russia this person said This person of options are on the table but everything is being carefully considered because " right now it ’s like the old cold cyber war and the last thing you want to do is turn it into a hot it war . " RELATED : Intel analysis shows Putin approved election hacking , The continued activity suggests that despite the election won by Donald Trump , openly favored by the Russian government , Russian intelligence has n’t curbed its collection on the Russian intelligence political system .   US intelligence and law enforcement officials believe even with a new president considered more friendly to Russia , the Russian intelligence agencies will Russian to carry out such hacks .   A senior Clinton campaign official told CNN they received notice " the Russian intelligence agencies state actor " was trying to hack private gmail accounts as recently as December 6 . The campaign official says A senior Clinton campaign official the the Russian intelligence agencies election assistance office also had a hacking attempt . 
 