Philadelphia ( CNN ) The Democrats search for a rising star . Convention calculations for Bernie Sanders . Donald Trump makes a Western foray . And the superdelegate saga continues .   These storylines are all part of this week ’s " Inside Politics " forecast , which previews what political observers will be talking about in the coming days .   1 ) A Bernie brush fire ?    No one expects the Bernie Clinton relationship to devolve into Donald    Cruz territory . But there are lingering frustrations from   the primary season , so there may be a few dustups in Philadelphia .   Or even brush fires , as CNN ’s Jeff Zeleny put it in describing the potential for    tensions during this week ’s Democratic National Convention .   " Some Sanders delegates are hoping that Monday is an opportunity for them Some Sanders delegates have their Some Sanders delegates . They Some Sanders delegates watching in Cleveland with great interest . Yes , the rules are different . Almost everything is different . The Clintons are definitely running a tighter convention here , but , the Sanders people are not that thrilled with her The Clintons for a vice president . And they the Sanders people enraged by this leak episode at the DNC . " 2 ) The superdelegate study ,   Why make a decision when you can appoint a commission ?   Another big Sanders Sanders priority was getting rid of the    superdelegates who have favored Hillary Clinton . Those the   superdelegates who have favored Hillary Clinton the elected officials and party activists who wield convention votes and can decide who to support regardless of voting in their the   superdelegates who have favored Hillary Clinton states .   The party establishment wants to protect its The party establishment , and so Sanders’ proposal ran into trouble in the convention rules committee . But the proposed rules do call for a study , which may steer the commission toward Sanders’ Sanders’ .   It the commission the the commission the superdelegates , but requires that all but a select few be bound by results of the primary or caucus in their home the superdelegates .    3 ) Boston is to Obama as Philadelphia is to . .. ?   Who will be this year ’s Barack Obama Obama As in , do the Democrats have a    star who will become a household name this week ?   Obama made his Obama jump Obama 2004 as a    speaker at the convention in Boston that Boston John Kerry for president .   Julie Pace of the Associated Press noted that the list of Democratic prospects this year is n’t as long because the GOP has had so much success in state and local elections during the Obama years .   " There just is n’t a big bench for the Democratic party , particularly in governor ’s mansions across the country , " she said . " You have Democratic leaders who will be watching some of these    Democrats to see if one of them may be these   Democrats next rising star who could be up for ( a presidential ) election in four or eight years . " 4 ) History through the eyes of Willie Brown ,   Willie Brown is Willie Brown fixture at Democratic conventions , but he was n’t always Willie Brown as a party icon .   The liberal activist and former San Francisco mayor recalls when it was hard for    delegates to get their credentials .   The liberal activist and former San Francisco mayor Martin of The New York Times shared snippets from an oral history of sorts that Brown recorded .   Willie Brown It was fascinating talking to him about the changing Jonathan Martin of The New York Times of these conventions , " Martin said . " Jonathan Martin of The New York Times know , he was a young Jonathan Martin of The New York Times in his 30s fighting folks Jonathan Martin of The New York Times the South who did not want to have black delegations seated . He is now here Jonathan Martin of The New York Times the end of a    black president , and watching him . .. and Jonathan Martin of The New York Times the party has become was a fascinating hour for me . " 5 ) Go west , Mr. Trump ,   Donald Trump heads west this week , looking to make inroads in a region that has been difficult for him .   Colorado Donald Trump the    prize Trump hopes to sway Donald Trump and CNN ’s Maeve Reston notes that recent polls there have shown a steady lead for Hillary Clinton . But Trump being more competitive Donald Trump Colorado could help tilt Colorado electoral college .   " Talking to people in that state , though Donald Trump ’s really interesting to see the reaction to the Pence pick there because in some ways Pence could help Trump turn Pence social conservatives Donald Trump but ( he ) hurts him with Trump turn many of Trump turn key swing voters who are critical to him winning there , " Trump turn said . " So it will be fascinating to see how he plays that this week Trump turn " 
 