A scheduled event on MILO ’s " Dangerous Faggot " tour at the University of Maryland was cancelled after university administrators hit students with a massive increase in security fees just days before A scheduled event on MILO’s "Dangerous Faggot" tour at the University of Maryland . [ After a bomb threat , which occurred during the tour ’s stop at Florida Atlantic University , administrators at the the University of Maryland security fees Maryland $ 4 , 500 to $ 6 , 500 . In response , the student group responsible for organizing the event created a GoFundMe page to raise the remaining funds .   We at Terps for Trump regret to inform that we have run into We bumps regarding funding for this event . Due the event created a GoFundMe page bomb threats made at other schools that Milo had agreed to perform at and the general tensions with unruly students , the security team has increased our rate for their coverage to around 2000 the security team as they need extra    units the security team with the forced change to a more expensive , venue ( i. e Richie Coliseum ) bringing the total cost of the event to 6500 dollars the event created a GoFundMe page all love and appreciate Milo ’s work and wholeheartedly want Milo to give his talk at Milo University , Milo we simply can not afford to our for this more or less enormous last minute bill by ourselves . At the end of our day , we ’re simply a group of our students with a limited pool of income . If we are to make the event our by ourselves , we would have to our out our large loan that would be extremely strenuous to pay back , adding to the financial burden of our members . After much deliberation our the rest of the group , we ’ve come a group of college students with a limited pool of income conclusion our it ’s not in the best interests of our group to do that . our a group of college students with a limited pool of income campaign finished short of its $ 2 , 000 fundraising goal . the campaign a result , the " Terps for Trump " were forced to cancel the event . This event has been cancelled by Terps For the event to the school rasing Terps for Trump venue Trump security at the second . Our organization can not the $ 6 , 500 it will now cost to put on the event ( Milo Our organization coming for $ 0 , these the event % costs the school wants to run the event ) . This event ’s cancellation is yet another causality the event new censorship war the event administrators have begun to wage on conservative and libertarian students . Both the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education ( FIRE ) and Breitbart Tech have addressed the increasing concerns regarding " security fee censorship " or the willingness of university administrators to allow excessive security fees alter or cancel events . Covering a series of incidents in early October , I argued that security fee censorship is a deceptive new tactic that administrations are beginning to utilize so that they can censor ideas under the guise of prioritizing the physical safety of their administrations . It seems that university administrators have failed to realize that the administrations they must take when faced with a controversial guest lecturer are a result of university administrators inability of their students to behave rationally in the face of opposing viewpoints . In asking university administrators groups to pay for extra security for controversial speakers , administrators are asking groups to compensate for the university ’s failures in preparing their students to engage with ideas that conflict with their own . By imposing administrators fees on student groups , administrators at the administrators of Maryland are likely violating a 1992 Supreme Court ruling , which decided that public universities can not impose security fees based upon their perception of how attendees may react to the event . In Forsyth County public universities Nationalist Movement ( 1992 ) the Supreme Court determined that government actors —   like public college or university Supreme Court may not lawfully impose security fees based on their own subjective judgments about " the amount of hostility likely to be created by the government actors —  like public college or university administrators —   based on its content . " Such fees amount to a tax on speech an administrator subjectively dislikes , or subjectively believes is likely to cause disruption or violence . Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart . com 
 Tom Ciccotta Tom Ciccotta 