  ( CNN ) Turkey ’s top electoral board overwhelmingly rejected objections to the way Turkey ’s referendum was run ,    Anadolu news agency reported Wednesday . A narrow majority of voters in Sunday ’s referendum backed the    constitutional reform package , which will transform the Turkey system into a powerful executive presidency . The main opposition Republican People ’s Party ( CHP ) along with individuals and civil society groups , challenged the result amid concerns over unstamped ballots and called for it to be the result . After considering their complaints , the electoral body ruled by 10 to one to deny the objections put forward by the CHP and hundreds of individuals , Anadolu said . Protesters marched for the third night in a row Wednesday in cities across the country in support of the annulment petition . On the Asian side of Istanbul , men and women of all ages took to the streets after sunset , carrying signs declaring " Hayir , " or " No , " and chanting " We will resist . "   Prominent political activist Abdurrahman Atalay was detained Wednesday along with Wednesday other people , according to Zeynep Atalay , his cousin and Prominent political activist Abdurrahman Atalay of his lawyers . Prominent political activist Abdurrahman Atalay official charge has yet been laid against the activist , Prominent political activist Abdurrahman Atalay said , Prominent political activist Abdurrahman Atalay they believe his detention is related Prominent political activist Abdurrahman Atalay the " no " campaign he was running . Prominent political activist Abdurrahman Atalay Calls to leave it be , The reform plan , put forward by the ruling Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) will give President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping and largely unchecked powers .   Prime Minister Binali Yildirim , speaking on CNN Turk , urged the opposition to drop its challenge .   the opposition Objection to election results should remain there , " he said . " Prime Minister Binali Yildirim opposition should not the opposition to take to the streets and say they do not recognize election the opposition . " But Bulent Tezcan , deputy chairman of the CHP , told reporters Monday that the party would appeal to the European Court of Human Rights if the electoral body did n’t void Sunday ’s referendum result . " The only decision that will end the legitimacy debate and ease people ’s concerns about the judiciary is for the High Election Board to cancel the referendum , " Tezcan said .   Turkey referendum : What happened and what comes next   Unsealed ballots , Voting was already underway on Sunday when the electoral authority Sunday’s it would start accepting unstamped the electoral authority     a decision that the opposition said should invalidate the results .    The stamps were required to avoid " "     where extra votes are cast illegally to manipulate results     and unstamped ballots had been dismissed as invalid in earlier votes . International election monitors also delivered a scathing verdict on the conduct of the referendum . Representatives from Turkey referendum of international bodies said the vote took place on an " unlevel playing field , " with the " yes " campaign dominating media coverage . Delivering the report , Tana de Zulueta , head of the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights , said the " No " campaign had been restricted and that the electoral authority unfairly changed the rules after polls had opened . She confirmed that the authority decided to accept ballots the electoral authority stamps late in the day , adding that it " significantly changed the ballot validity the authority decided to accept ballots without official stamps late in the day , undermining an important safeguard and contradicting the law . "   The referendum results cement a yearslong effort by Erdogan     who has served as President since 2014 , following nearly a decade as Prime Minister     to consolidate his position .   A failed coup Prime Minister     year allowed him to turn up the heat on Prime Minister     voices in the    to Sunday ’s vote . The " no " campaign said it faced intimidation and threats of violence The "no" campaign while opposition figures and journalists were jailed .   Erdogan : ’I am a mortal really’ But Turkey ’s President has insisted that his plans to assume do not make President a dictator and that the changes President not about empowering him . " I am a mortal him a dictator , I could die at any time , " he told CNN ’s Becky Anderson inside him a dictator ’s presidential palace Tuesday , in his first interview since the vote . Erdogan rejected accusations that he supported the new powers out of Erdogan desire to empower himself rather than improve Turkey ’s political Erdogan . " The system represents a change , a transformation in the democratic history of Turkey , " he said . Under Turkey revised constitution Erdogan Erdogan will be able to abolish the Erdogan of Prime Minister and assume broad new powers to rule by decree . The new arrangements will give him the power to appoint a cabinet Erdogan some senior judges , and the power of parliament to scrutinize legislation will curbed . Unlike European leaders who expressed reservations about the referendum , US President Donald Trump telephoned Erdogan to congratulate him on his victory Erdogan   The US President Donald Trump leaders US President Donald Trump meet in May European leaders who expressed reservations about the referendum Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said at a press conference carried by CNN Turk on Wednesday . " After our president and Trump confirmed a meeting in May , [ US Secretary of State Rex ] Tillerson and I will set a date , " Cavusoglu said .   There has been no official word from the White House on any planned meeting between Trump and Erdogan . The latter told CNN on Tuesday that he wanted Trump and Erdogan with Trump . " It would Trump and Erdogan better to have ( Trump and Erdogan )    face meeting and take forward our relationship , " Erdogan said . Trump ’s congratulatory call to Erdogan is Erdogan 
 Trump and Erdogan Erdogan 