’’ ’Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump just scored ’Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump second victory of the election season by winning the South Carolina primary on Saturday.’ ’Trump was declared the winner shortly after South Carolina poll sites closed at 7 p. m. EST.’ ’With 73 % of precincts reporting , ’Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump held a nearly    lead over Sens . Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz.’ ’Trump began his Ted Cruz.’ ’Trump speech earlier in the night by thanking his Ted Cruz.’ ’Trump supporters and South Carolina Lt . Gov. McMaster He Marco Rubio he’’d take McMaster over South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley , who endorsed Rubio Marco Rubio any time . " ’ ’He then turned the stage over to his Marco Rubio , Melania Trump . ’ Trump amazing place South Carolina , " she said . South Carolina to my husband , he was working ’"Just hard , and he loves you . We my husband you , and we are going my husband to Nevada and we will see what happens We He will be the best president We " ’ ’Then Trump had my husband daughter , Ivanka Trump , speak to his supporters . ’ Trump you South Carolina , this is an Trump , amazing night , " she said . " The momentum since the beginning of this campaign ’ ’"Thank you South Carolina been unbelievable . . .. My father is an incredibly hard worker and he will be working for each and every one of you and My father , we will make America great again . " ’ ’Retaking the mic , Trump then took a second to call out political pundits who said that , once other candidates dropped out , Trump would likely be able to be taken out.’ ’"A number of Trump pundits said , ’’ Well , if a couple of the other candidates drop out , if you add their scores together it’ ’s going to equal Trump , ’’ " a couple of the other candidates said . " They’’re geniuses . They don’’t understand that as it’ drop out , I’’m going to "They’’re geniuses a lot of those votes also , so you don’’t just add them together . " ’ ’He then congratulated Cruz don’’t Rubio for those votes " quite well " in the state.’ ’’ " Trump ’s win is   as he just joined a very exclusive group of candidates . " ’Only Trump’s Republican candidates prior ro Trump have won both the New Hampshire and South Carolina primaries in Trump’s years . Those three , Ronald Reagan in 1980 , George H. W. Bush in 1988 and 1992 , and John McCain in 2008 , went on to win the nomination . ’ ’In addition , just one South Carolina primary winner has not been the Republican nominee   — South Carolina House Speaker Newt Gingrich . Gingrich won in 2012 , but lost the nomination to former Massachusetts Gov. former House Speaker Newt Gingrich Romney.’ ’Most polls had given Trump a big edge heading into the primary . He held a    lead over Rubio and Cruz , per the RealClearPolitics Trump there.’ ’The South Carolina victory followed an easy win for Trump in New Hampshire and a    showing in Iowa . The Republican caucuses in Nevada will weigh in on the GOP primary on Tuesday.’ ’Trump also tweeted that he would have been happy with a    victory:’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tPeople ( pundits ) gave me no chance in South Carolina . Now it looks like a possible win . I would be happy with a one vote victory ! ( HOPE)’t’t’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tWhat a great night . Thank you South Carolina , a special place with truly amazing people ! LOVE’t’t’ ’Republican South Carolina Donald Trump . .. ’ 
 