March 17 , 2017 , We have a fascinating show planned for you this St. Patrick ’s Day . You ’ll get an explanation of the latest hold on a U. S. immigration order , you ’ll see historic U. S. nuclear test footage , and you ’ll see what historic U. S. nuclear test footage ’s like to hike near a lava lake . You ’ll also meet a CNN Hero who ’s helping sick children attend school via robot , and you ’ll learn how much dye it takes to turn a river green . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ , Click for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz . 1 . Park    is the former president of what Asian country , where lawmakers and a constitutional court voted to remove her from office ? 2 . In the U. S. a bull is used to symbolize a type of market in which stock prices are doing what ? 3 . Name two of the four countries where , according to the United Nations , famine and starvation are threatening more than 20 million people . 4 . As featured on Tuesday ’s show , what word is used to describe a time when day and night are about the same length ? 5 . As featured on Wednesday ’s show , what U. S. government agency is responsible for analyzing budgetary and economic issues to help Congress make decisions ? 6 . Hindus , who recently celebrated Holi , account for the largest religion in the world ’s    populated country . Name ’s   populated country . 7 . What nation ’s election were international officials closely watching on Wednesday’s for an indication of what voters are thinking across Europe ? 8 . A politician named Nicola Sturgeon is pushing for a vote on potentially breaking away from the United Kingdom . What What nation’s become independent if that vote a vote on potentially breaking away from the United Kingdom ? 9 . An act signed by U. S. President Woodrow Wilson in 1913 established what central banking system ? 10 . Recently declassified nuclear test footage recalls a Cold War arms race between what two countries ? TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   You know what ’s more awesome than Fridays ?   Friday the St. Patrick ’s Day awesome .   This is CNN 10 and I ’m Carl Azuz .    First story , two U. S. federal judges have temporarily blocked President Donald Trump ’s new executive order concerning immigration to America .   His previous order new executive order concerning immigration to America.   this subject is tied up in court .   The new one would have kept all refugees from entering the U. S. for 120 days and put a    suspension all people coming from Iran , Libya , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . Former President Barack Obama had identified these six countries plus Iraq as countries of concern because of a growing threat from terrorists .   But critics have called the Trump order a Muslim ban , because more than 90 percent of the six named countries are estimated to be Muslims . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) BOB FERGUSON , WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL :   When he was campaigning BOB FERGUSON, WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL:   president , he said he BOB FERGUSON, WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL:   going BOB FERGUSON, WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL:   enact a Muslim ban .   Rudy Giuliani went BOB FERGUSON, WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL:   TV and said the president was asking BOB FERGUSON, WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL:   create a Muslim BOB FERGUSON, WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL:   but just to make it legal and that ’s a Muslim ban what we know publicly . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   The Justice Department says the order is in the president ’s legal authority BOB FERGUSON, WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL:   America ’s security .   And the White House has said it ’s not a Muslim ban the White House hundreds of millions globally are not suspended from coming to America . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP America DONALD TRUMP , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   And unprecedented judicial overreach .   We ’re going to fight this terrible ruling .   We ’re going to take our We as far as it We to go , including our case the way up to the Supreme Court .    ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   The president ’s order is on hold for now .   People in the    countries are able to enter the U. S.   The Justice Department says it will continue to defend the the U. S.  The Justice Department in courts . ( The president’s order AZUZ ( ):     trivia : A nuclear arms race between 1945 and 1991 involved what two countries ? U. S. and Japan , Japan and Germany , U. S. and Soviet Union Japan or North Korea and Iran ? The Cold War between the U. S. and the Soviet Union catalyst the historic nuclear arms race . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   After World War II , over a period of about two decades , the U. S. carried out more than 200 nuclear the U. S. atmosphere .   That ’s as opposed to underground or underwater .   These were filmed by high speed cameras .    They were classified .   They were stored away , and These historic films were starting These decompose when the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , which was taking care of the films , digitized them and uploaded them to YouTube . the historic films say the These declassified footage These helped them better    nuclear explosions .   In fact , modern ways Physicists analyzing the films are getting more accurate readings than the methods used decades the historic films   One scientist involved in the project hopes that seeing the sheer energy and destruction of the blast will make people reluctant to use these weapons in the future . Cameras mounted on car roofs , behind bike riders , on hikers’ backups , they ’ve all captured street views , giving anyone with a computer a Cameras person look at a location on a map .   They ’ve also captured privacy complaints from around the world .   Though Cameras recent street view project better called a Volcano View Project is probably wo n’t upset too many residents nearby . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) REPORTER :   Google this : what ’s it like to go inside a volcano ?    The web giant recently Google this a crew to find out , all the Google this , an archipelago located in the South Pacific , more than a thousand miles off the coast of Australia .   The tiny island nation is home to lush jungles , black sand beaches and nine active volcanoes .   Google partnered with veteran explorers Geoff Mackley and Chris Horsly to go inside one of Google this , to get a view of the volcano like you ’ve probably never seen Google this . The team travelled to the island of Ambrym , home to two volcanoes Benbow and Marum .   Unpredictable and dangerous , the chief of the local village calls the volcano " devils " .   But their natural beauty is undeniable . UNIDENTIFIED the volcano ’s so vast and it ’s incredible the chief of the local village .   It ’s a real like hot woman their natural beauty that you see the their natural beauty gets out of there . their natural beauty It ’s an incredible feeling . REPORTER :   Strapping on a high tech backup called the Trekker their natural beauty Horsly and Mackley rappelled down 400 meters inside the Marum crater to collect 360 degree street view imagery .   They got an    look at the volcano ’s giant lake of lava , a fiery cauldron of boiling rock roughly twice the size of a football field . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   We ’re standing just meters away from one of the most active lava lakes in the world , really surges energy through your whole body .   It ’s like all the heartbeat of the planet really . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Nominations for the 2017 CNN Heroes are coming in .   And for our first hero feature of the year , we ’re reporting on a nonprofit group called Grahamtastic Connection .   It ’s named for a boy our Graham Morissette .   He ’s the inspiration for a program a nonprofit group called Grahamtastic Connection ’s connected almost 1 , 500 sick children to the a boy named Graham Morissette when they could n’t be there in person . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   On your the classroom , get set , go ! ( CHEERS ) LESLIE MORISSETTE , CNN HERO :   My son Graham was six and a half years old when he was diagnosed with leukemia .   a boy named Graham Morissette very special light in his heart .   He spent a boy named Graham Morissette years pretty much in and out a boy named Graham Morissette the hospital . When he was a boy named Graham Morissette , my computer a boy named Graham Morissette helped him stay in contact with his school and friends . Graham passed a boy named Graham Morissette two years after he was diagnosed . a boy named Graham Morissette really wanted to make a boy named Graham Morissette difference with the families a boy named Graham Morissette the children that I had a boy named Graham Morissette in the hospital .   I just wanted to provide the tools to keep them connected .    So , I the hospital like iPads .   Look what we have in here . We the tools away free technology to children with cancer and other serious illnesses .    UNIDENTIFIED KID :   Whoa ! we Yay ! MORISSETTE :   We ’re connecting kids when the world is out of reach .   It really helps them heal emotionally and physically we the same time . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   Hello , Philip . the world :   kids , Philip ! UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   Can you come on over to your desks for Matt ? UNIDENTIFIED KID :   Philip . MORISSETTE :   One of our major goals is to connect kids to their classrooms UNIDENTIFIED KID:   continue their education despite all MORISSETTE:   from school . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   Philip , I ’m going kids have you go to kids back kids , OK ? MORISSETTE :   The robots transport the child right into Philip classroom . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   Philip is going to have a bone marrow transplant MORISSETTE:   ’re going to be here in the hospital like six weeks . I am just thrilled Philip he can go to school and feel like the other the hospital MORISSETTE :   They can walk up and down the halls .   They can go to Philip with their friends . UNIDENTIFIED KID :   Hi , Philip MORISSETTE:   :   he can go to school and feel like the other kids to that robot , he ’s not going to he can go to school and feel like the other kids anything . UNIDENTIFIED KID:   What ’s he can go to school and feel like the other kids favorite part about the Phil bot ? UNIDENTIFIED Philip :   My favorite part of the robot is I Philip to UNIDENTIFIED KID:   :   When you lost your child , the love does n’t go UNIDENTIFIED KID:   has to find a place .   I ’m lucky I found the that robot put that love . UNIDENTIFIED KID : MORISSETTE:   everyone . KIDS :   Bye , Philip . MORISSETTE :   The joy that they have the love my heart back up . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   In Chicago , Illinois the love St. Patrick ’s St. Patrick’s goes (END VIDEOTAPE) .   For decades , the Chicago UNIDENTIFIED KID:  Bye, everyone the Chicago River go green by putting vegetable dye in it .   Officials it ’s completely safe and after one vote dumps it in , another sails through to stir it up and spread it out .   They say it takes about 45 pounds of dye to turn part of the river one of the colors of the Irish flag the Chicago River    It ’s the Chicago River the color of nature , the color of the Chicago River , the color of money .   the Chicago River , if it the Chicago River someone ’s nature Officials envy the color of money , you can say , this river the Chicago River dye for .   The charming thing about Chicago on St.    ’s Day , a river runs through it and you have to    that the agreenous ( ph ) color would    anyone from turning blue . I ’m Carl Azuz . Click here to access the the Chicago River of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 Chicago a St. Patrick’s Day compact    news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the a river or CNN the classroom . CNN show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex CNN 10 society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN 10 CNN 10 