  ( CNN ) Broadway star Jennifer Holliday is telling    Donald Trump Broadway star Jennifer Holliday ’s not going     to   Donald Trump inauguration . A publicist for the the " Dreamgirls " diva said in a statement Saturday that Holliday , who was slated to sing at an inaugural event on Thursday , changed Broadway star Jennifer Holliday tune after the inauguration committee    announced Broadway star Jennifer Holliday appearance before Broadway star Jennifer Holliday decided to perform . a statement also cited outcry from fans and people in the LGBT community who expressed disappointment at Broadway star Jennifer Holliday participation . " It was presented to Broadway star Jennifer Holliday as a concert that would heal the wounds of the election season . Broadway star Jennifer Holliday was asked to perform ’Hard Times Come No More,’ originally recorded by Bob Dylan . The inaugural committee released the information before Broadway star Jennifer Holliday officially made a decision , " Holliday ’s publicist , Bill Carpenter , said in a statement . " Broadway star Jennifer Holliday rep also says that upon the ( announcement ) Holliday Holliday getting letters from fans that they were disappointed . The LGBTQ community , amongst others , were some that were most upset . In the past , Broadway star Jennifer Holliday rep Bill Carpenter explains that she her rep Bill Carpenter for Pres . Reagan , George W. Bush , George H. W. Bush , and ( Bill ) Clinton , but when Jennifer saw the outcry , she Jennifer out of the inauguration . " Asked for comment , Boris Epshteyn , the director of communications for Trump ’s inaugural committee , simply said in a statement , " As Americans from across the country unite to celebrate the 58th Presidential Inaugural , we Boris Epshteyn, the director of communications for Trump’s inaugural committee humbled by the outpouring of support we Boris Epshteyn, the director of communications for Trump’s inaugural committee receiving and are honored to have so many    performers taking part in this historic celebration of freedom and democracy . " The Wrap first reported Holliday ’s decision to pull out of the performance and published a letter penned by her and addressed to her her . " In light of the information pointed out to me via the Daily Beast article on yesterday , my only choice must now be to stand with the LGBT Community and to state unequivocally that I WILL NOT PERFORM FOR THE WELCOME CONCERT OR FOR ANY OF THE INAUGURATION FESTIVITIES ! " Holliday Holliday’s in the a letter penned by her Last month , sources told CNN the transition team was struggling to book big names for inauguration . At the time , Epshteyn acknowledged to CNN the CNN of    appearing at the ceremony . " This is not Woodstock , " Epshteyn said Epshteyn " It ’s This summer jam . It ’s This a concert . " The committee has since booked some    groups , including Toby Keith , The Rockettes , The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Jackie Evancho , to preform for the inaugural ceremonies . Correction : An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated the day on which Holliday was set to perform . 
 