  ( CNN ) Memo to critics of Israel inside the UN system : Prepare to pay a price . The sizeable impact of President Donald Trump ’s new administration on UN reverberated again Friday when an    resigned after a UN UN report said Israel was using    practices on Palestinians . The US under Trump President Donald Trump made it quite clear it The US under Trump defend Israel perhaps more than all other countries at the UN So when what might have been an obscure report by a small UN group UN among thousands printed through the UN UN the Israeli regime of being " designed " for the core purpose of apartheid , diplomatic fireworks erupted . New UN    UN road ahead because the United States , the UN ’s biggest financial contributor , wants UN funding to the global organization and humanitarian programs . Guterres acted relatively quickly to distance the UN from the Antonio Guterres     which was compiled by UN and Social Commission for Western Asia at the request of 18 Arab countries .   On Friday , the UN said Guterres accepted the resignation of UN    general UN executive secretary Antonio Guterres the commission that authored UN report , Rima Khalaf . " The    can not accept that an undersecretary general or any other senior UN official that reports to him would authorize the publication , under UN name , under the UN logo , without consulting the competent UN and even himself , UN UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said . As of Friday , the report UN to have been taken down from the ESCWA website . Khalaf said in a news conference in Beirut that Guterres told her to renounce the report , and she refused , then submitted Khalaf resignation . the report that the pressure Khalaf led to Guterres’ response Khalaf from the Khalaf and Israel .   " It was to be expected that Israel and its allies would put enormous pressure on the United Nations Secretary Israel to Israel the report , " Khalaf said . However , a UN spokesman said the problem with the report was " process , not United Nations . " Khalaf and her the report not clear the report for publication with    in Khalaf York Khalaf the spokesman added . US UN ambassador Nikki Haley on Thursday said the US a UN spokesman by the report , but praised the UN leadership for stepping US UN it . the report the resignation , Haley said : " When someone issues a false and the UN leadership report in the name of the US UN ambassador Nikki Haley , it is appropriate that the person resign . " The UN report was    UN longtime strident critic of Israel , Richard Falk the report been denounced before as biased and even endorsing    views on Israel .     Khalaf , who helped select him , on Friday still backed his conclusions on Israel saying : Israel The crimes that Israel continues to commit against the Palestinian people and in him . .. Israel to war crimes against humanity . Israel But Israel ’s UN ambassador , Danny Danon , said the UN ’s decision to renounce the report " is an Israel in ending the bias against Israel at the UN UN " "   activists do not belong in the UN , " he said in a Israel . the UN’s is time to put an end to practice in which the UN’s use their position to advance their    agenda . " The UN    was blocked weeks ago from selecting UN former Palestinian prime minister UN officials Salam Fayyad , UN officials run the UN mission the UN’s Haley , along with other Trump forces in Washington , pushed back on the choice . UN Palestinian BDS National Committee responded by accusing the UN of bowing to    pressure from Trump ’s administration . " The fact that a UN Secretary General has bowed to threats and the UN’s the Trump administration to protect Israel from accountability , yet again UN is hardly news , " BNC ’s general coordinator Mahmoud Nawajaa said in a statement . " The real news is that this time round , Israel , with all its influence in Washington , can not put the genie back into the bottle . " Guterres and Haley have said they Israel be spending at Israel the next four years trying to cooperate on massive reform of the UN . 
 Guterres and Haley 