HBO ’s " Real Time " host Bill Maher argued , " the idea that when Syrian refugees come to European countries , or to America , that Syrian refugees are going to completely fit in , is a fantasy " and " This is the one issue the Democrats are going to lose the election on " on Friday .   HBO’s "Real Time" host Bill Maher said that " insisting that people around the world who are not like us , are going to be like us " is a mistake in thinking , one that " us saw this , just recently , in Cologne , Germany . When all the Syrian refugees were going to Europe , I was n’t for it , and I think a lot of people are coming around to that position . " He added , " if people do n’t know what happened , on New Year ’s Eve , in Cologne , Germany and a number of other cities in Europe , some of these refugees , some of these Muslim men , and of course , we ’re talking about men who come from very misogynistic cultures . men who come from very misogynistic cultures cultures are not like ours . " And " I do n’t understand why liberals do n’t stand up for the liberal values . " Maher later stated that while Maher feels compassion for the refugees , " a great many Muslims around the world are for Sharia Law . You know what is in Sharia Law , cutting off the hands off for thievery , putting women to death for adultery , killing people for leaving the religion , women are not equal citizens . These are not criminal activities in the Muslim society , these These activities , okay ? So , the idea that when Syrian refugees come to European countries , or to America , that they Syrian refugees going to completely fit in , is a fantasy . " Maher then stated that while Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s ban on Muslims is " wrong . " " This is the one issue the Democrats are going to lose the election on . Because they the Democrats to choose between demagogue Donald Trump , and Hillary and Obama who wo n’t even say Islamic terrorism . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 