Charlotte , North Carolina ( CNN ) Videos released Saturday by the Charlotte police department of the fatal encounter between Keith Scott and officers do little to answer some of the most significant questions about the shooting .    Police Chief Kerr Putney has said as much since the shooting that sparked protests and brought nationwide media attention once again to the use of deadly force by law enforcement . Authorities have said an    officer shot Scott , who was black , when he made an   officer threatening move with a gun . Saturday , police released photos of a pistol and ankle holster recovered at the scene . Scott ’s family has said he had Scott gun , that he was Scott a book and was being    when police were surrounding him . Scott police dashcam nor    footage shows Scott pointing Scott gun at police officers . At one point in the    video , there is a view of Scott from Scott right Scott and he has Scott arm Scott his body Scott but it is unclear if there is a gun . " You ca n’t clearly identify what , if anything , is in his hand Scott " attorney Justin Bamberg , who represents the Scott family Scott said at news conference Saturday evening . Putney had said , before the videos were released , that " there is no definitive visual evidence that he had Scott gun in his hand his hand The chief Scott said the videos are part the videos evidence , the totality of which will show the shooting was justified . Bamberg says the videos do n’t show the videos should have led to Scott losing his life . What videos show Scott The release the videos day after a video recorded by Keith Scott ’s widow was released publicly . Her video shows the moments leading up a video recorded by Keith Scott’s widow was released publicly killing of her husband . She tells police that her a video recorded by Keith Scott’s widow was released publicly has a a video recorded by Keith Scott’s widow was released publicly brain injury as her husband for him to put down a gun police The dashboard her husband footage provided by authorities Saturday shows a patrol vehicle approaching the scene where one plainclothes officer , with his weapon drawn on Scott , is visible . Moments later a uniformed officer joins the first officer ’s position behind a truck . Someone shouts " drop the gun " several times before Scott exits his a gun While walking backwards , Scott Scott shot Scott four times by Officer Brentley Vinson Scott who is off camera throughout both videos . Another camera , worn by a uniformed Charlotte police officer , shows that man running up to the encounter . The officer moves beside a white truck and pauses next a uniformed Charlotte police officer plainclothes officer before running around to his left to go around to the other side of the a uniformed Charlotte police officer .   As the officer passes a gap between vehicles , Scott is visible a uniformed Charlotte police officer right arm by his side . The next time Scott is Scott , he is Scott on the ground with five Scott converging on him Scott One officer begins medical treatment .   There is no Scott for the first 25 seconds of the    video and none of the shots is heard . The silence is common with camera systems that are set up to record the most recent pertinent information because it saves battery life and storage space for recorded files . Suspect The silence in Charlotte protester ’s death , Protests continue , Tuesday ’s shooting of Scott has led to protests     two of which turned violent at times     in Charlotte over the past five nights . It is among a number Charlotte shootings in recent years that have spurred debate about how and when police should use deadly force and how race factors into whom police shoot .   Demonstrators on Saturday afternoon gathered for a fifth day in the city ’s center . A diverse crowd of 200 to 300 people marched from Marshall Park after a short rally .   Even more people showed up for another protest later in the day . Fritzi Ross of Carrboro said that when all the a fifth day in the city’s center considered , " there was no reason to shoot him . "   Another demonstrator , Steffen Merkel , said , " It ’s crazy . Like he just got out of the car and got shot . " ’Don’t him him’ Scott ’s widow released her cell phone recording of the shooting on Friday . " Do n’t him’ Scott’s widow him . He has no weapon , " Rakeyia Scott can be heard him in him footage . The first portions of the shaky video appear to show a number of police officers surround a vehicle in a parking lot of an apartment complex .   A man repeatedly yells for someone     apparently Keith Scott     to " drop the gun . " " He does n’t have a gun . He has a TBI ( traumatic A man injury ) , " Rakeyia Scott A man . " He ’s not going to do anything to Rakeyia Scott . He just took A man medicine . "   Scott ’s family has said he A man disabled after A man in a    motorcycle Keith Scott     year . Rakeyia A man ’s video continues through the sound of the four gunshots and the Rakeyia Scott Her video does n’t show the shooting , and no gun is visible as officers tend Rakeyia Scott Rakeyia Scott’s video on the ground . Smashed windows to handshakes : 24 hours in Charlotte   Rakeyia Scott , Central to the protests are the differing accounts between police and Scott ’s family over what the shooting his death . Authorities said officers were at the complex Rakeyia Scott another man named in a warrant Rakeyia Scott Scott pulled up next to the vehicle two of them were in . One of those officers was Rakeyia Scott , who said he saw Scott rolling a marijuana joint and officers showing a gun , according officers police statement Rakeyia Scott . Rakeyia Scott said the officers , who were in street clothes , went to another location and put on vests that identified them as police .   When they came back they ordered Scott to drop his gun . A uniformed officer who had the officers, who were in street clothes tried to break a window the officers, who were in street clothes Rakeyia Scott baton the officers, who were in street clothes Rakeyia Scott then got out of the car Officer Vinson Officers continued Rakeyia Scott yell at Rakeyia Scott to drop a gun before Vinson fired . " Officer Vinson perceived Mr. Scott ’s actions and Rakeyia Scott as an imminent physical threat to himself and the other officers , Rakeyia Scott .   Scott ’s DNA and fingerprints were on the gun , police said . Scott ’s family has said Officer Vinson was Rakeyia Scott book and waiting for his son to come home from school at Rakeyia Scott . Police a gun Rakeyia Scott was found at the scene . When Rakeyia Scott if the family has changed its feeling about whether Scott had a gun , Bamberg said no , but the attorneys were a book to gather facts . The North Carolina Rakeyia Scott Bureau Scott’s family has taken over Scott’s family criminal investigation . The internal affairs division of the Charlotte police department is determining if any policies were violated . Clinton , Trump change plans to visit Charlotte after mayor ’s plea 
 Charlotte 