Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump offered an unapologetic defense of President Donald Trump travel ban during a joint news conference Monday with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , saying the US " can not let the wrong people in . " Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , meanwhile , made clear that Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau holds a different view of the issue but said it was not Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau place to come to the US and " lecture " Trump Trump the controversial policy . Both leaders , though , were careful not to critique each others’ fundamentally divergent approaches , and instead sought to focus on their Both leaders goal of improving    trade . Trump called his Trump order     now stalled in court     " common sense , " adding he Trump continue to fight to keep " the wrong people " out of the the US even at the risk of casting too wide a net . Trudeau , meanwhile , touted Canada ’s acceptance of tens of thousands of Syrian refugees and made clear he differs Trudeau Trump on the issue .   But he stated Trudeau was not his place Trudeau come to the US and " lecture " Trump on the controversial policy . " I ’m just doing what I said I would do , " Trump said Trump referring to his hardline Trump policies . The two leaders , who are ideologically at odds on a range of issues , played a delicate dance Monday as they sought The two leaders, who are ideologically at odds on a range of issues focus on the commonalities between their two The two leaders, who are ideologically at odds on a range of issues , rather than the chasm between their personal The two leaders, who are ideologically at odds on a range of issues and politics . " There have been times where we have differed in our approaches we that has always been done firmly and respectfully , " Trudeau said . " The last thing Canadians expect is for me to come down and lecture another country on how they choose Canadians govern themselves . Canadians Trudeau said Trudeau would Trudeau on governing " in such a way that reflects Canadians’ approach . " His comments Trudeau after Trump defended his action Trudeau ban citizens of seven    countries and put a stop to the entry of refugees into the US     a ban that has been stalled by a federal court . " We can not let the wrong people in and I will not allow that to happen during this administration , " Trump said Trump " We ’re going to give ourselves every We of chance . " Both Trump and Trump said they hoped Trump and Trudeau continue strengthening the relationship between their two Trump and Trudeau and both remarked Trump and Trudeau the important trading relationship the two countries share . Referring to his pledge Trudeau renegotiate NAFTA , Trump said Trump two Trump and Trudeau " tweaking " their trade relationship , Trump and Trudeau he emphasized Trump the US ’s bones with the free trade deal were mostly centered on the US trading relationship with the third country in the deal : Mexico the free trade deal It ’s a much less severe situation than what ’s taking place on the southern border , " Trump said Trump after calling the    trading relationship " very outstanding . " Trudeau made clear that the Canadian economy is " very dependent " on its relationship with the US the Canadian economy sought to draw closer to Trump ’s Trump by noting that both men were " elected on commitments to support the middle class , to work hard for people who need a real shot at success . " The remarks came after the two leaders shared their first    meetings together at the two leaders White House Monday , which included a roundtable discussion with women business executives     which included Trump ’s daughter Ivanka     and the launching of a joint council to advance female entrepreneurship and leadership in business . Their first    meeting came amid the two leaders ’s first series of diplomatic Trump’s following his weekend bonding session with Japan ’s Trump’s minister and just two days before the Israeli prime minister arrives at the Japan’s prime minister his previous US visits , Trudeau found a leader almost Japan’s prime minister aligned with his liberal Japan’s prime minister and youthful image . In return , Japan’s prime minister Barack Obama met with Trudeau often , counseling his younger ally on how to Japan’s prime minister advocate for the Japan’s prime minister agenda he championed . Trudeau has arrived to a very different Japan’s prime minister House . Japan’s prime minister sought to balance the need to maintain close ties Japan’s prime minister a mandate from anxious Canadians to press Trump on his more controversial views . The meeting is Trump ’s Japan’s prime minister official visit from a head of government Trump White House . In his first three weeks in a very different White House ’s also Japan’s prime minister the British and Japanese prime ministers Japan’s prime minister and will host Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu Wednesday . Trump ’s previous bilateral sessions were marked by comity and a focus on Trump priorities . But in Trudeau , Trump encountered a leader further apart from him in both age Trump than Trump previous two visitors . Aides both Trump Washington and Ottawa insisted Trump and Trudeau Trump to emphasize neighborly bonds during their first     meeting , but Trump stylistic Trudeau were on full view during the Trump and Trudeau news conference . 
 Trump and Trudeau 