As violence against Donald Trump supporters continues , Sen. Harry Reid ( ) is blaming Donald Trump , while other Democratic leaders and the media remain silent and refuse to condemn the attacks . [ Breitbart News asked Sen. Harry Reid ( ) , several other Democrat leaders , and two prominent media personalities if several other Democrat leaders, and two prominent media personalities will be calling on Donald Trump opponents to end several other Democrat leaders, and two prominent media personalities recent spate of violent attacks against Donald Trump supporters .   " Sen. Harry Reid ( ) is calling for Trump Donald Trump rise to the responsibility of his Sen. Harry Reid ( ) and help put an end to all the hate crimes that have been committed since Election Day , but so far , he Sen. Harry Reid ( ) failed . It ’s a shame Trump Donald Trump choosing to hide behind his Donald Trump account and play ‘ Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous’ with TMZ instead of healing our country , " a spokesperson for Sen. Reid said in a statement emailed to Breitbart News on Thursday . Breitbart Breitbart News asked if Reid Sen. Reid call on Trump Donald Trump to stop the violence against Trump Donald Trump in a follow up question . " I do n’t mean to sound rude but what part of ‘ all’ do n’t you understand ? " a spokesperson for Reid Sen. Reid Breitbart News Breitbart News News pressed Breitbart News and asked if Sen. Sen. Reid Sen. Reid tell Trump Donald Trump to stop committing acts of violence against Trump Donald Trump . " Of course . Senator Reid Sen. Reid think anyone should be committing hate crimes against anyone else   —    I do n’t know how to be any clearer about that , " the Senator ’s spokesperson emailed Breitbart News . " But Senator Breitbart News Sen. Reid    of the United States , nor was it Senator Reid ’s election Sen. Reid the wave of hate crimes . Donald Trump has a unique responsibility as president to step up . If    wants to let Trump off the hook , that ’s your business . Donald Trump can not say that I am shocked , " the spokesperson for Sen. Reid added . In    Sen. Reid    60 Minutes appearance with Leslie Stahl , Trump Donald Trump into the camera and said " stop it " Donald Trump a direct message to any of his supporters the camera , as Stahl asserted they were , in Donald Trump of violence . As Leslie Stahl ’s his supporters Pollak reported on Thursday , " Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) took to the Senate floor this week to attack Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon as a ‘ a champion of white supremacists,’ recycling false accusations against him and demanding that    Donald J. Trump rescind Bannon ’s Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon appointment as Chief Strategist and Special Counselor in Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon new administration , " noting that " Bannon remains on a leave of absence from Breitbart after joining Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon Trump campaign as CEO in August . " Reid has a   Donald J. Trump history of making false accusations from the floor of the Senate , using the parliamentary privilege he enjoys to slander political opponents . In 2012 ,    Reid Reid infamously attacked Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney from the Reid the Senate , claiming that he had paid no the floor of the Senate and citing the Senate source . " So the word is out that he has not paid any taxes for 10 years . Let him Reid he has paid taxes because he has not , " Reid claimed Reid Breitbart News asked Senate Reid Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) the Senate Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) and the Hillary Clinton for President campaign if they are going to condemn the violence against Trump supporters . Schumer did not respond to the Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) and the Hillary Clinton for President campaign . Warren did not respond to the inquiry . Sanders Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) not respond to the inquiry . Pelosi Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) not respond to the the inquiry and the Hillary Clinton for President campaign the inquiry respond the the inquiry . Breitbart News the inquiry the Hillary Clinton for President campaign   Stelter of President campaign asked if they are going to condemn the inquiry Trump supporters , Maddow did not respond to the inquiry , nor did Stelter . 
 the inquiry Rachel Maddow Rachel Maddow of MSNBC and Brian  Stelter of CNN 