Members of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign are reacting to Donald Trump ’s speech on immigration . Members of Hillary Clinton’s campaign ’re unable to contain Members of Hillary Clinton’s campaign loathing of the Republican presidential candidate . [ " I ’m really sorry for anyone watching this monster and afraid for your family , " wrote Hillary Clinton Digital Director Jenna Lowenstein during the Donald Trump’s speech on immigration " We ’re better than this . "    " As a    I ’m absolutely ’m and shaking right now , " Clinton Hillary Clinton social media director Emmy Bengtson wrote , as Trump promised to deport illegal immigrants . " This is n’t who we are . " " BEYONCÉ DID NOT BLESS US FOR * THIS * " Bengston added .   " Turning to hate and fear of other people feels easier when you ’ve lived tragedy , but it ’s cynical , " she Hillary Clinton . " Playing on that fear to win is revolting . " Rapid response director Rob Flaherty tweeted out a link to a bottle of bourbon , calling it " The most important companion to a Trump speech . " " This is repulsive , " wrote Ian Sams , a state commutations representative for Clinton .   " In case you missed it , he ’s Rapid response director Rob Flaherty about how she Hillary Clinton n’t a man , " Bengtson announced , after Trump criticized Trump for Clinton having the " stamina " to make America great again . " This sounds like the Breitbart comments section strung together in paragraph form , " Zerlina Maxwell the Progressive Media Director for Clinton ’s Clinton wrote . " What dystopian novel are we living through right now ? " Maxwell had " Zerlina Maxwell the Progressive Media Director for Clinton’s hot takes as Trump outlined Trump commitment " Zerlina Maxwell the Progressive Media Director for Clinton’s a deportation force . " This is completely absurd , " she wrote . " Are you friggin kidding me rn . " Later she tweeted she a photo of Trump ’s Trump " Make Mexico Great Again Also " hat . " I am now convinced we are we the upside down , " she wrote she referring to the alternate universe featured in the Netflix TV series Stranger Things . Teddy Goff , a    employee for Clinton tweeted out a picture of a tweet from Ann Coulter calling Trump ’s speech " the most magnificent speech ever given . " " Oh my god , " he wrote Teddy Goff, a   employee for Clinton " Trump retweeted Trump . " " The entire Breitbart homepage is gold right now , " wrote Jesse Lehrich , Clinton ’s Clinton Spokesperson tweeting a screenshot of the Breitbart homepage .   " From the big tent party to Sheriff Joe ’s " tent city " party   …    " Lehrich added .   After the speech , Hillary Clinton ’s National Latino Vote Director Lorella Praeli sent the following statement to supporters : In his darkest speech Hillary Clinton’s National Latino Vote Director Lorella Praeli doubled down on his    rhetoric and attempted to Hillary Clinton’s National Latino Vote Director Lorella Praeli communities by pitting people against each other and demonizing immigrants . Trump committed to sending a new Donald Trump Deportation Task Force " into American communities , rescinding the President ’s executive actions to protect DREAMers and their families , building a wall DREAMers he continues to claim will be the President’s for by Mexico , and made clear that " Operation Wetback " was not severe enough . The only immigrants allowed in the future are those that pass Donald Trump ’s own test of Donald Trump 
 