CNN investigative correspondent Drew Griffin narrated a segment Friday detailing various donations the Clinton Foundation had accepted from foreign governments prior to Hillary Clinton ’s tenure as secretary of state , but Hillary Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state completely botched the repeatedly proven fact that the Clinton Foundation has failed to reveal the identities of over 1 , 000 foreign donors . [ The Lead host Jake Tapper highlighted a shocking Associated Press report that revealed that Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton’s than 75 meetings with foreign Clinton Foundation the Clinton Foundation were wiped from    Clinton ’s official State Department schedule . Tapper linked the new Jake Tapper about Clinton and her family Hillary Clinton’s to Hillary Clinton’s currently being raised by Donald Trump concerning the aforementioned donations .   Part of Griffin ’s report features Trump saying in a Donald Trump earlier this week that " Maybe the motivation lies among the 1 , 000 foreign donations Hillary failed to disclose while at the State Department . " Griffin then falsely asserts Griffin " There ’s no evidence that is accurate . " But in fact , last April , the Washington Post and Bloomberg News both reported that 1 , 100 hidden Clinton Foundation foreign donors were " bundled " into a $ 25 million donation from Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership . " All of the money that was raised by CGEP [ Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership the Clinton Foundation — Clinton Foundation —   and went to the [ charitable ] initiatives we identified , " Giustra , a Canadian mining financier , told Bloomberg News last April Bloomberg News exclusive interview . Those were the facts that CNN ’s Griffin said , " there ’s no evidence " of . Before she became President Obama ’s secretary of state , Hilary Griffin signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Obama administration promising to disclose all foreign donations during her tenure as head of the State Department . Clinton Hilary Clinton the Memorandum of Understanding , according to the Hilary Clinton York a Memorandum of Understanding with the Obama administration promising to disclose all foreign donations during her tenure as head of the State Department her family foundation accepted and failed to disclose a string Hilary Clinton donations totaling Clinton Foundation 35 million from Ian Telfer , the foreign head of the    uranium company , Uranium One , which Hillary Clinton approved to acquire U. S. uranium . Clinton Hilary Clinton did n’t show Telfer ’s donations . Why ? Because , according to the Post , " Canadian law Ian Telfer charities in that country from disclosing their donors without the donors’ permission . "   " Clearly , there was an expectation charities in that country a commitment that large donations to the Clinton Foundation would be disclosed , " said former senator Richard G. Lugar ( Ind. Clinton Foundation Hillary Clinton about potential conflicts of interest before she became secretary of state . Equipped with its army of journalists , researchers , and reporters , Hillary Clinton CNN can do some digging and connect Clinton Foundation dots behind the still secret    foreign Clinton Foundation Donors . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 