’   ’ ’    The media outlet owned by Fox News contributor Laura Ingraham    promoted a conspiracy theory Tuesday that posits the Clintons    have been involved in the murders of several political    operatives . ’ ’    Laura Ingraham    news website , LifeZette ,   titled " Clinton Body Count , "    which featured an unidentified correspondent . ’ ’    " The Clintons have a long history of people in their The Clintons circle    dying under mysterious circumstances , " the an unidentified correspondent at the outset of the video . ’ ’    The LifeZette correspondent an unidentified correspondent And since the 2016    election cycle began , at least three more people with connections    to Bill and Hillary have joined that list , sparking a renewed    interest in the       count of people who allegedly got    in the way of the Clinton machine . " ’ ’    The video suggested without evidence that John F. Kennedy Jr. ’s    plane crash and Vince Foster ’s suicide were perhaps orchestrated    by the Clintons . ’ ’’ ’    Foul play was ruled out by the authorities in both cases , which    was seemingly not enough to convince LifeZette . ’ "    " ’Til this day , questions remain surrounding these and other    deaths of people who were once close to the Clintons , " the the Clintons concluded at the end of the video . " Questions    that will probably remain unanswered . " " ’    The correspondent appeared to be Augusta the   correspondent whose LinkedIn    page lists her as a director of digital operations at LifeZette . ’ ’    It wasn’’t the first time the outlet has dredged up conspiracy    theories about the Clintons . In September , the site published a     that insinuated that it was " hard to    deny that being close with the Clintons could kill you . " the Clintons    Neither Ingraham nor Cassada responded to requests for comment . ’ "    As a Fox News contributor , Ingraham frequently appears on the    network and Ingraham fills in for top talent like Bill O’Reilly . The    talk show host is a devout supporter of Clinton ’s opponent ,    Donald Trump . A Fox News spokesperson did not immediately respond    Fox News request for comment . " 
 