  ( CNN ) Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein does n’t see a need at this point for a special prosecutor in the probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election , people familiar with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein thinking tell  (CNN) . Democratic lawmakers and others have pushed for the move in the wake of the controversy over President Donald Trump ’s firing of former FBI Director James Comey . Critics of the Trump administration ’s handling of the Russia investigation have long held the view that a special prosecutor is needed . the Russia investigation is led by Dana Boente , the US attorney in Alexandria , Va. who also serves as the head of national security prosecutions at Justice Department headquarters . One source says Rosenstein is n’t inclined to make a change unless the the Russia investigation to be imperiled . And at this point , FBI officials are FBI that the investigation is the Russia investigation , despite Comey ’s abrupt firing earlier this week . Indeed , Rosenstein has privately vowed Rosenstein lawmakers and staff that he plans to allow Rosenstein bureau ’s investigation to move forward , uninhibited by pressures from the White House .   At a    meeting Thursday with the two leaders of the Senate intelligence committee , Rosenstein and Boente laid out how the FBI plans to work with the panel , trying to ensure its investigation does n’t the FBI with that of the committee as administration officials and lawmakers interview witnesses and obtain documents on their parallel investigations . witnesses deputy attorney general also believes that there ’s nothing he has seen at The deputy attorney general point that would require him to recuse himself The deputy attorney general the role The deputy attorney general the probe led by Boente , the people familiar with his thinking say . The deputy attorney general General Jeff Sessions , who was involved in firing Comey , recused himself from any role Comey the investigation in early March .   A Justice Department spokeswoman declined comment .   Rosenstein , on the Comey for just more than two weeks after a    Senate confirmation vote , has drawn criticism because the White House initially pinned the firing of Comey on Rosenstein , saying he Comey penned a Comey expressing concern about the way Comey had handled the Comey Clinton email investigation . The White House later the White House of how the firing the White House about , with the firing of Comey on Rosenstein saying in an NBC interview that he planned to fire Comey no matter the President Rosenstein and Sessions Comey . Rosenstein has told officials he was unhappy the President the manner in the President the Comey firing took place . The the firing of Comey on Rosenstein was addressing employees in Los Angeles when a television screen tuned to Fox News nearby flashed a headline incorrectly saying Comey had resigned . He thought it was a Comey . He then The former FBI director CNN reporting that he was fired The former FBI director realized it was true . The former FBI director Mark Warner , the ranking Democrat on the intelligence panel , said Friday that he expressed at his meeting with Rosenstein and Boente The former FBI director preference that The former FBI director name a special prosecutor . The former FBI director Rosenstein made Rosenstein commitments to him and the committee Rosenstein chairman , Richard Burr Rosenstein Warner said .   " This is where , again , the chairman and I just disagree in terms of the needs for this narrowly tailored independent counsel , " Warner said . " I expressed that concern to Warner Rosenstein . He took it under advisement . Rosenstein to expand Rosenstein Rosenstein concern to Mr. Rosenstein thinking , the Virginia Democrat added : " Rosenstein think he listened . " In an interview with CNN on Rosenstein , Warner would not say if he has confidence in Rosenstein Warner oversee the Russia investigation Rosenstein and he had Rosenstein blunt warning to Rosenstein if he does Rosenstein appoint a special prosecutor . Rosenstein If Rosenstein does n’t do that , then I think it Rosenstein going to be very difficult to solicit a lot of support from Democrats . .. in terms of whoever the President picks to be a permanent FBI director , " Warner said . 
 