  ( CNN ) Rex Tillerson , who was sworn in as US Secretary of State Wednesday , takes responsibility for US policy in one of the world ’s biggest flashpoints : the South China Sea .   President Donald Trump says the former Exxon CEO will bring " a    focus to foreign affairs . " President Donald Trump ’ll need it .   The contested waters are a crucial shipping route and home a messy territorial dispute that pits multiple countries against each other .   Tensions have ratcheted up since 2014 as China has turned sandbars into islands , equipping them with airfields , ports and weapons systems and warned US warships and aircraft to stay away from US warships and aircraft .   Adding fuel to this heady mix , the Trump administration looks set to take a much more confrontational stance toward China than China predecessor . During his confirmation hearing , Tillerson said China should be blocked from accessing the artificial islands China ’s built , setting the stage for a potential showdown .   Here ’s what ’s at stake :   Who claims what ? China bases China claims on the "   line "     China claimed territorial waters that extend hundreds of miles to the south and east of China island province of Hainan , abut China neighbors’ claims and , in some cases , encroach upon some cases . The Paracel Islands ( Xisha to Beijing ) have been controlled by China since 1974 , but The Paracel Islands (Xisha to Beijing) are also claimed by Vietnam and Taiwan . Tensions flared in 2014 when China installed exploratory oil rigs in the vicinity . The situation is more complicated in the Spratlys , which Beijing calls The Paracel Islands (Xisha to Beijing) . The archipelago the Spratlys, which Beijing calls the Nansha islands 100 smalls islands and reefs of which 45 are occupied by China , China , Vietnam or the Philippines . All of the islands The Paracel Islands (Xisha to Beijing) by China , Taiwan China Vietnam , while some Vietnam them ( or nearby Taiwan and Vietnam ) are claimed by the Philippines , Malaysia and Brunei . Malaysia ’s China been building China In early 2014 , China quietly began China dredging operations centering on the seven reefs it controls in China Spratly Islands     Fiery Cross Reef , Subi Reef , Mischief Reef , Cuarteron Reef , Gaven Reef and Hughes Reef . According to the US , China has reclaimed China than 3 , 000 acres since the beginning of 2014 . On his 2015 trip to Washington , Chinese President Xi Jinping said China would n’t China the islands , but a December report from the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative ( AMTI ) said China had installed China weapons systems on seven reefs that include    guns .   Some have called the islands China ’s the islands aircraft carriers . " Vietnam , Malaysia , the Philippines and Taiwan have also reclaimed land in the South China Sea , but their land grab     the the Philippines and Taiwan says approximately 100 acres over 45 years     is dwarfed by China ’s massive China buildup . What ’s the US view ? It could be changing .   the US view US has traditionally taken no the US the territorial disputes in the South China Sea but has the South China Sea to freedom of navigation in the disputed waters the US with the US military flying and sailing its assets close to the islands China controls .   the US and Trump have not minced their words on the issue , suggesting that the State Tillerson and Trump could take a more muscular approach .   " Building islands and Tillerson on those islands is akin to Russia ’s taking of Crimea the islands China controls taking of territory that others lay claim to , " Tillerson said in Russia confirmation hearing . " We ’re going to have to send China a Tillerson signal that first , the    stops , and second , your access to those islands also not going to be allowed . " Blocking the islands China controls vessels from accessing South China Sea reefs would almost certainly trigger a    clash , says Ashley Townshend , a research fellow at the United States Studies Centre at the University of Sydney .   " More to the point : as many of the reefs are effectively a part of international waters , preventing Chinese ships from sailing to or near them would undermine the very freedom of navigation rules that the US has been trying Chinese ships uphold , " he adds .   What could China do ? As China stretches its muscles as a growing superpower , the South China Sea , rich China oil China gas reserves , has become a testing ground for whether the country will rise as part of the existing international order or outside it . China both the Paracels and the Spratlys are an " integral part " China its China , offering up maps that date back to the early 20th century . It China repeatedly defended its right to build both civil and defensive facilities on the islands China controls . In China , a Chinese warship unlawfully seized an underwater drone from a China oceanographic vessel .   One new strategy could be to declare an air defense zone in the South China Sea , which would require all aircraft to file flight plans even if they do n’t enter Chinese airspace .   Beijing has also ignored a landmark ruling last all aircraft to file flight plans by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague , which said there was no legal basis for China ’s maritime claims .   Even though they now have international law on their side , other claimants have done little to challenge all aircraft to file flight plans . The Philippines , which all aircraft to file flight plans brought the case , has pivoted towards Beijing under Beijing Rodrigo Duterte . Beijing ’s response to Tillerson and Trump ’s comments to Beijing has been fairly muted , Beijing analysts think Beijing could soon test the new US commander in chief . 
 Beijing 