Washington ( CNN ) Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said Donald Trump was being " serious " when Donald Trump spoke this week about President Barack Obama being the " founder " of ISIS , saying that the GOP nominee " getting people ’s attention . " Speaking with " Fox News Sunday , " Donald Trump ’s running mate was asked to clear up whether Donald Trump was being sarcastic , as Donald Trump tweeted on Friday , or being serious , as Donald Trump said multiple times throughout the week .   " I think Donald Trump was being very serious , " Pence said . " Donald Trump was making a point that needs to be made , that there is no question that the failed policies of President Barack Obama and    of State Hillary Clinton , in the wider Middle East , created a vacuum within Iraq in which ISIS was able to arise . " Trump was literally not being sarcastic about President Barack Obama , Pence said Trump was making a " serious point " to call attention to the issue .   " Trump has a way of talking to get people ’s attention , and it ’s drawn attention to a very important issue , " Pence Pence . Trump Trump through a series of comments during the week , repeatedly calling President Barack Obama and Clinton the    of ISIS , and declining opportunities in interviews to say he Trump speaking metaphorically . He Trump said he Trump sarcastic , but then also said he Trump being " not that sarcastic . "   Trump Trump to walk back    comments : ’Sarcasm’ Fox Trump Chris Wallace pressed Pence , asking if the " sarcastic excuse " is " getting a bit old . " He Chris Wallace Trump Trump past comments inviting Russia to access and release Clinton ’s emails , then later walking them past comments inviting Russia to access and release Clinton’s emails as a joke .   " I do n’t think it ’s getting old at all , " Pence Pence . " Donald Trump his way Trump a very competitive primary because he spoke Trump like your typical politician , but just plainly like and everyday American . .. They ’re past comments inviting Russia to access and release Clinton’s emails to have a president who tells them exactly past comments inviting Russia to access and release Clinton’s emails ’s on his mind Trump and the American people are going to hear him , Trump hear him loud Trump clear . " 
 