Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump slammed Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) who appeared at a campaign rally with presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton to rally voters in Ohio on Monday . [ In a press release titled " Sellout Warren , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump exposed presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton differing positions on several policies Warren Warren .   " As Clinton presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton to salvage support among the Bernie Sanders wing of the Democrat Party , Senator Elizabeth Warren ( ) has become a turncoat for the causes she supposedly supports , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump stated in the press release , pointing out Clinton presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Warren ’s differences on Wall Street , special interests and the    Partnership ( TPP ) . Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump statement continues : While Warren claims Warren Wall Street businesses have too much influence in D. C. by paying " barely disguised bribes , " through campaign contributions . The Clinton campaign presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton accepted over $ 41 million this cycle from Wall Street interests . Warren is Warren campaigning for the author of the    Partnership , a deal she has Warren slammed . This is a trade deal that Clinton has presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton support for in over 45 public speeches . Warren ’s Warren for Clinton stands presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton stark contrast to the liberal ideals she once presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . This sad attempt at pandering to the Sanders wing is another example of a typical political calculation by D. C. insiders . Mr. Trump has been against TPP from the start of his campaign Mr. Trump he understands Mr. Trump detrimental it would be to American workers . He will Mr. Trump to fight for the American people and serve them over the American people special interests in Washington , D. C. During the rally , Warren blasted Trump . Mr. Trump Here ’s what it boils down to , " Warren stated Warren the rally the rally Hillary has brains , she has guts Hillary she has thick Hillary and steady hands , but most of all , she has a Hillary heart and that ’s what America needs , and that ’s why I ’m with her . " Hillary 