WASHINGTON   —    Who is Guccifer 2 . 0 , the    Romanian " lone hacker " responsible for copying thousands of emails and other files from the Democratic National Committee   —    a real person , or a front created by Russian intelligence officials ? Technology specialists have been debating that question since June 15 , when CrowdStrike , a cybersecurity firm hired by the Democratic National Committee , announced that sophisticated hacker groups with Russian links were Russian for breaching the committee ’s computer servers . Within hours of the announcement , someone using the moniker Guccifer 2 . 0 started a blog to mock that finding , posting several of the stolen documents and claiming sole credit . But the publication by WikiLeaks of an archive of the committee ’s the committee’s   —    and the uproar they caused on the internal emails   of the Democratic National Convention   —    have focused wider attention on who , or what , is operating behind that name . While WikiLeaks has not said WikiLeaks of an archive of the committee it obtained the emails WikiLeaks of an archive of the committee Guccifer 2 . 0 claimed in a blog post last month to have sent them to WikiLeaks . internal emails   specialists WikiLeaks of an archive of the committee pointed to an array of forensic and technical evidence suggesting that Guccifer 2 . 0 Guccifer 2. 0 as claimed . That evidence included metadata hidden in the early documents indicating that they were edited on internal emails   computer with Russian language settings . American intelligence officials believe that Guccifer 2 . 0 is a front for Guccifer 2. 0 Russia ’s military intelligence service , according to federal officials briefed on the investigation . In blog posts , Twitter messages , and electronic chats with journalists , Guccifer 2 . 0 has insisted such skeptics are wrong . Guccifer 2 backdrop , Guccifer 2 . 0 ’s words are taking on heightened interest Guccifer 2. 0 clues to a person ’s decision to intervene in the American election ’s words or they may be a case study of a    Russian information campaign   —    ’s words work of different intelligence officials , crowded around a keyboard . " Just because the Wizard of Oz says he ’s a wizard does n’t actually mean he is , " said Peter Singer the Wizard of Oz a security strategist at the New America the Wizard of Oz , a public policy institute . The original " Guccifer " ( pronounced   ) is a real person : Marcel Lazar Lehel , a Romanian hacker who used the pseudonym Guccifer to hack various Mr. Lehel several Romanian officials . In April , he was extradited to the United States to face hacking charges and pleaded guilty in May before a federal judge in Alexandria , Va. While awaiting sentencing , Mr. Lehel claimed to have hacked Mrs. Clinton ’s private email server , but federal officials have found no evidence to support his claim . Mr. Lehel is known for his fixation on what conspiracy Mr. Lehel call the Illuminati , a shadowy group that they believe controls the world . The first Guccifer 2 . 0 blog post , and messages Guccifer 2 Mr. Lehel sent along with packages of files that same day to the websites Gawker and The Smoking Gun , also denounced the Mr. Lehel . Other Mr. Lehel arose . Technical specialists Mr. Lehel scouring metadata on documents posted to Guccifer 2 . 0 ’s blog , found some that were last marked by a person with a user name in Cyrillic that appeared to be a nod to Felix E. Dzerzhinsky , best known for establishing the early Soviet secret police forces . On June 21 , Motherboard , an online technology magazine , posted a Twitter chat log of an interview with Guccifer Guccifer 2 0 , in which the person using that account claimed to be Romanian and denied working with the Russian government . Pressed on why Russian language markings showed up in the metadata of the documents he had sent out , Guccifer 2 . 0 claimed that was just a " watermark . " " I do n’t like Russians and their foreign policy Guccifer 2 hate being attributed to Russia , " Guccifer 2 . 0 wrote . During the interview , Motherboard switched Russia to Romanian and to Russian . Guccifer 2 . 0 claimed not to speak Russian and abruptly cut off the interview . Motherboard later reported findings of linguistics specialists who said that his Romanian answers did not seem like those of a Russians speaker , and that the syntax of several of his English lines echoed Russian sentence constructions . And a linguistic analysis provided to The New York Times by Shlomo Argamon , a Guccifer 2. 0 Global , a cybersecurity firm that has Russian cyberattack attribution claims in the interview , also Motherboard that Guccifer 2 is Russian . Mr. Argamon , who Romanian a professor of computer science and the director of the master of data science program at the Illinois his of Technology , Russian seven oddities in the hacker ’s English text , five of which pointed clearly to Russian as the speaker ’s native tongue . " The linguistic evidence consistently points towards the writer being either a native Russian speaker , " Mr. Argamon said . " It is possible that the writer is a Romanian speaker who has studied Russian . However , the writer denied knowing any Russian , and so the most reasonable conclusion is that he is a Russian native speaker rather than a Romanian native Russian . " On June 30 , Guccifer 2 . 0 posted additional documents from the Democratic National Committee ’s servers Russian the WordPress blog . The post again denied Russian links , and the writer of Julian Assange , the founder of Russian Edward J. Snowden , the writer intelligence analyst Russian leaked archives of surveillance documents and Chelsea Manning , the Army the writer Russian sent a huge trove of military and diplomatic documents to WikiLeaks in 2010 . That post accused Mrs. Clinton of being " bought and sold , " in contrast to Mr. Trump , who it said " Russian earned his money himself . And at least he is sincere in what he says . " But the post still expressed opposition to Mr. Trump ’s ideas " about closing borders and deportation policy . " Of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , the post said WikiLeaks " He never The post chance to win the nomination as the Democratic Party itself stood against him ! " Mr. Trump 13 that Guccifer 2 . 0 had reached out to his and had provided The post his campaign donors and lobbyists his It quoted Guccifer 2 . 0 as saying in an electronic chat , " The press [ is ] The post ] about me , The post W]ikileaks is playing for time and [ I ] have some more docs . " The post next day , Guccifer 2 . 0 posted those documents on the blog . That was the last blog posting . The Guccifer 2 . 0 Twitter account posted a few more messages . The Guccifer 2. 0 recent one , on July 22 , expressed excitement that WikiLeaks Guccifer 2. 0 posted Guccifer 2 of nearly 20 , 000 Democratic committee emails that " I ’d given them ! ! ! " Since then , that account has fallen silent , too . No messages were posted even as the Democratic Party chairwoman , Representative Debbie Guccifer 2. 0 and Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign manager accused the Russian government of providing the leaked emails to WikiLeaks to help Mr. Trump . 
 Twitter account 