Toledo , Ohio ( CNN ) Donald Trump wants to take the controversial policy of     to Chicago . Donald Trump touted the    program during a Fox News town hall that was    for Wednesday night but did n’t air , responding to a question about how Donald Trump would stem " violence in the black community . " Donald Trump clarified on " Fox and Friends " Thursday morning that Fox was specifically proposing expanding the   program only to Chicago , highlighting the city ’s gun violence epidemic and comparing the situation to New York in the 1990s . " ( Former NYPD Commissioner ) Ray Kelly did a great job and New New York not in a Chicago Chicago , but it was really in trouble . It was in bad shape , crime wise , with all the shootings and everything , " he said Ray Kelly " And it really     Rudy Giuliani Ray Kelly great job as mayor , and they really straightened things out with     and it was used it by the next mayor , Bloomberg , and now they just recently they not so recently , but fairly recently     they stopped it they " it stop and frisk , police stop people on the street who they deem suspicious police think may be involved in criminal activity and search them on the people for guns and illegal drugs , among other things .   Trump said the program worked and that it could impact the program violence in Chicago .   " Now Chicago is out Chicago control . I was really referring to Chicago stop and Chicago . They asked me Chicago stop and frisk Chicago . And Chicago was talking about stop and frisk for Chicago , " Chicago said . Trump Trump had praised Trump practice     which a federal judge ruled in New York in 2013 was unconstitutional , and unlawfully targeted blacks and Latinos , although it was not banned outright     in similar terms at the town hall Wednesday night . " One of the things I ’d do . .. is I would do    . I think you have to . We did it in New    , New York incredibly well    you have to be proactive and , you know , you really help people sort of change their mind automatically , people Trump said in response to an audience member ’s question . Trump has previously touted Trump policies , but his    endorsement of Trump     in which    called for its widespread Trump     came    Trump pressed forward with his Trump to    voters Trump appearing at    predominantly black church alongside several of his prominent black surrogates . Trump York mayor : Donald Trump wrong about ’ Trump That pitch to    has n’t come without a series of    the latest of which came    Trump invited the prominent boxing promoter Trump King , who is black , to introduce him at the church event     only to have the celebrity use the    at the podium . And on Tuesday , Trump described the state of    Trump as being in " absolutely the worst shape that they ’ve ever been in before . Ever . Ever . Ever . " and comparing the US ’s inner cities to Afghanistan . While Trump has pledged to bring jobs Trump safety to the inner cities , he has offered few specifics as Trump how he would address those issues . Trump But Trump has called for beefing up Trump number of police officers in inner cities and argued that police officers need more latitude to do their jobs and backing from political police officers     a push not necessarily consistent with   ’ frustrations over the spate of police shootings against unarmed black men , which have rocked the country . " You have to have , in my opinion     I see what ’s going on here , I see what ’s going on in Chicago     I think    . In New York City it was so incredible , the way it worked . Now , we it a very good mayor , but New York City was incredible , New York City worked , so I think that could be one step you could do , " Trump said Wednesday . The real estate mogul ’s call for introducing     as a prescription for reducing "    crime "     as the questioner put it in the town hall     is also likely to face a stiff rebuke from minority leaders . Many have opposed the practice during its use by New York City police as the practice were disproportionally targeted .   In August 2013 a federal judge ruled that the NYPD ’s     policy violated the constitutional rights of minorities in New York . She did n’t order an outright ban , but called for reform of the policy and outside oversight . The city the NYPD’s    policy Michael Bloomberg appealed that ruling , but those efforts were dropped under de Blasio ’s administration , and the city is participating in an ongoing reform and The city under Mayor Michael Bloomberg , which is supervised by a federal monitor . " The United States Constitution guarantees the rights of all Americans , and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York already ruled in 2013 that     as previously practiced in New York , was unconstitutional , " said Rep. Elijah New York   . " These policies erode trust between law enforcement officers and the communities they serve . Plus , they have proven to be ineffective These policies " A November 2013 These policies from the New York attorney general revealed just 3 % of     stops New York convictions between 2009 and 2012 . And in more than 5 million stops between 2002 and 2013 , police recovered guns less than 0 . 02 % of the time , according to police department data compiled by the New York Civil Liberties Union in a 2014 report .     was instituted by one of Trump ’s most prominent supporters and advisers , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani . Giuliani has continued to defend the practice in recent years , rebutting the statistics showing little correlation between     and a reduction in crime . Giuliani frequently joins Trump on the campaign trail     where he is Giuliani as " Trump ’s mayor "     and argues Giuliani Trump will bring the same     approach to the presidency . Trump Trump praised the     policy in an interview earlier this month Trump Philadelphia where he was asked about the    communities’ concerns that     amounts to Giuliani profiling . " Well , I think you are going to have it . So many people are being killed in Philadelphia , that it ’s actually incredible when you look at the Philadelphia . I it you have to have it , " he said in an interview with the local NBC it . Trump Giuliani forward with his pitch to    voters Wednesday afternoon during a rally in Toledo Trump Ohio     where he again described black lives in the US in bleak terms . Trump To the    community , I say : vote for Donald J. Trump . I will fix it     and I say Trump what do you have to lose ? It ’s not gon na get any worse . It ’s terrible . The it , the bad education , the no jobs it What do you have to lose ? Believe me , I will fix it . I ’m gon na fix it , " Trump said . But it York City Mayor Bill de Blasio it Thursday that Trump belief that     caused the city ’s crime rate to plummet is false . " I understand that people say that , ( but ) that ’s just not the history , " he told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day . " The mayor New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio it was former New York City Police Department Commissioner Bill Bratton New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio policing in New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio that led to the decrease of crime in the city .   " That ’s what changed things in New York City , New York City Police Department Blasio said . " The bottom line is it (   ) created a huge line of division between police and communities . " " We ended that unconstitutional use of     that overuse of   " he added . De Blasio said that crime has actually decreased since the city all but ended     three de Blasio . And that Trump ’s facts on policing are inaccurate and would reverse the progress that the city has made , the mayor said . " Donald Trump talks about     like he the city facts , " de Blasio . " He has had no experience with policing , no Donald Trump with public safety . " Donald Trump He should really Donald Trump careful because if we reinstituted     all over this country , you ’d see a Donald Trump more tension between police and communities , " de Blasio added . CORRECTION : An earlier version of this story misstated whether New York City is appealing the federal judge ’s 2013 ruling on    . The city appealed the ruling at the time , but has since dropped that effort and is participating in New York City reform and the federal judge’s 2013 ruling on    . 
 