The New York Times Editorial Board is endorsing Ohio Governor John Kasich as The New York Times Editorial Board Republican choice for President . [ Ohio Governor John Kasich provides an alternative to Republican frontrunners Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) whom The New York Times Editorial Board find " equally objectionable for different reasons . "   Kasich ’s Ohio Governor John Kasich not explored until the end of the endorsement . The majority of the piece targets Sen. Cruz and Donald Trump . Donald Trump has neither Donald Trump in nor interest in learning about national security , defense or global trade , " the endorsement of Kasich the endorsement deporting Mexican   immigrants and barring Muslims to slapping a 45 percent tariff on Chinese imports , Mr. Trump invents his Donald Trump he goes Donald Trump . " Donald Trump paper then turns its attention to Sen. Cruz , and his The paper which is supposedly not about " Sen. Cruz principles , " but " about ambition . " Cruz " helped engineer a shutdown of the Sen. Cruz and has alienated virtually the entire chamber , both of which he bills as accomplishments since he lacks real Sen. Cruz , " The Times Sen. Cruz Board writes . The " greater worry " is that Cruz would actually " follow words with action Sen. Cruz by making good on his promises to promote a flat tax and Sen. Cruz the war against the Islamic State , the Editorial Board adds . Paragraph five of The Times Editorial Board on the shortcomings of other Republican candidates , such as Jeb Bush and his failure to " ignite much support , " Sen. Jeb Bush Rubio ( ) and his " embracing of alarmist views , " Dr. Ben Jeb Bush ’s " inability to grasp the world , " and Gov. Chris Christie ’s pledge to " bar refugees " from Syria . Not until paragraph six does the endorsement even discuss Governor Kasich , who the editorial board says is " no moderate " because of his views on unions , abortion , and    marriage Gov. Chris Christie Kasich , " though a distinct underdog , is the Governor Kasich, who the editorial board says is "no moderate for Republicans tired of the extremism and inexperience on display in this race , " the piece reads . But Kasich " has been capable of compromise and believes in the ability Kasich government to improve lives , " the endorsement says , praising the Ohio Governor ’s massive Medicaid expansion within his state . 
 the Ohio Governor’s 