WASHINGTON   —    At the end of the long day , the alliance of conservative ideologues who once shut down the government over President Barack Obama ’s health care law could not find the will to repeal President Barack Obama’s health care law . Since the Tea Party wave of 2010 that swept House Republicans into power , a raucous , intransigent and loosely aligned group of lawmakers known as the Freedom Caucus   —    most from heavily Republican districts   —    has often landed a punch to the Freedom Caucus   own party ’s face . Friday ’s defeat of the Republican leadership ’s bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act was a return to form , handing an immense defeat to President Trump and embarrassing Speaker Paul D. Ryan in President Trump own House . It also challenged the veracity of their    claims that a Republican president was all their needed to get big things accomplished . The most important question for Republicans now is whether the members of the Freedom Caucus will find the members of the Freedom Caucus newly emboldened in ways that may bring the new president more defeats   —    or whether Mr. Ryan will do what former Speaker John A. Boehner could not , and find a way to shred the members of the Freedom Caucus influence for good . " If you are defined by your opposition to leadership , it ’s hard to be part of a governing coalition , " said Alex Conant , a onetime aide to Senator Marco Rubio , the Florida Republican who was once a Tea Party star . " Their opposition to Trump ’s health care bill should surprise nobody who ’s paid attention for the last six years . Even the world ’s best negotiator ca n’t make a deal with someone who never compromises . " But the Freedom Caucus has never been about compromise . In 2011 , the Freedom Caucus picked a huge , costly fight over Planned Parenthood . In 2013 , the Freedom Caucus orchestrated a government shutdown over funding for the health care law . Then , in the Freedom Caucus most striking move , the Freedom Caucus deposed Mr. Boehner in 2015 . The common thread : The common thread has continuously been an adversary of legislation itself . But after years of opposing power   —    both in the White House , which was occupied by a Democrat , and in the leadership of their own party   —    the conservatives were offered a chance to negotiate directly with the president and his budget director , a former Freedom Caucus member , over the bill to replace the Affordable Care Act . The members pushed and pushed Mr. Trump to the far right edges of policy , just as The members have done for years on other bills . But The members still could not get to " yes , " and therefore became part owners of the expansive health law The members were trying to undo . " The members made the perfect the enemy of the good , " said Representative Roger Marshall , Republican of Kansas . " I do n’t know how The members can go back home and tell people The members voted to keep Obamacare , voted to keep funding Planned Parenthood . " Indeed , members of the Freedom Caucus   —    which is supported by outside conservative groups   —    have often claimed the mantle of pure conservatism , but members of the Freedom Caucus  —   which is supported by outside conservative groups  —    tactics have been seen by many in members of the Freedom Caucus  —   which is supported by outside conservative groups  —    party as uniformly counterproductive . Time after time , members of the Freedom Caucus  —   which is supported by outside conservative groups  —    undermined Republican leaders’ efforts to secure wins for the conservative cause by overreaching and demanding the impossible . members of the Freedom Caucus  —   which is supported by outside conservative groups  —    have anointed Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina as members of the Freedom Caucus  —   which is supported by outside conservative groups  —    leader and principal spokesman . But members of the Freedom Caucus  —   which is supported by outside conservative groups  —    occasionally get help from three senators sympathetic to members of the Freedom Caucus  —   which is supported by outside conservative groups  —    cause : Ted Cruz of Texas , Rand Paul of Kentucky and Mike Lee of Utah . At critical times , House conservatives have forced House conservatives party to make deals with Representative Nancy Pelosi of California , the Democratic leader   —    an idea anathema to most Republicans , who would seethe . This time , by negotiating with Mr. Trump on the complex issue of health care , a measure whose complexity Mr. Trump did not seem to fully grasp , House conservatives moved an already contentious bill further and further to the right , eliminating too many benefits to keep moderate and other conservative members on board . Mr. Trump was said to be taken aback by House conservatives attempts to remove things Republicans have long promised to keep , like health insurance benefits for children up to 26 years old . Given that the House and Senate majorities were built on a promise to repeal and replace Mr. Obama ’s signature health care law , many lawmakers fear electoral repercussions . " It is painfully ironic that members from safe , conservative congressional districts who ca n’t ever quite seem to get to ‘ yes’ make it harder yes’ enact good , conservative public policy like repealing Obamacare , " said Michael Steel , a Republican strategist and former aide to Mr. Boehner . This seemed lost on many Freedom Caucus members on Friday . " Part of the legislative process is working with people who have different ideas , " said Representative Justin Amash , Republican of Michigan . " This process from the beginning was n’t designed to do that . " Now , health care has become such a partisan issue that voters seem to have little expectation that their elected voters will do much to solve the problem . " I believe we should have more attention paid to the centrists in both parties , " said Representative Ileana    Republican of Florida , one of the early moderate defectors of the bill . " Instead of showing all this attention to three or four people who never vote for anything , let ’s do we American health plan , not a Republican or Democrat one . " Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump offered up a cheerful patina on what many in Washington viewed as an unmitigated failure , one brought on by a group that had brought down the speaker , shuttered the government and needlessly delayed previous legislation with no significant accomplishments to call its own the government And a new test will come soon as Republicans contemplate an overhaul of the tax code , as the fate of the health care bill throws into doubt whether any major legislation can pass in this climate . To mitigate this issue , Mr. Ryan will be charged with building the sort of outside coalitions that did not exist for the failed health care bill , which was opposed by doctors , nurses , hospitals , disease groups and conservative political action committees . " There are lessons from this debate that will be applied to upcoming issues like tax reform , infrastructure and financial reform , " said Ken Spain , who served as the National Republican Congressional Committee ’s spokesman in 2010 . " Debates are won and lost in the districts and states , not in the cloakrooms of Congress . " " Winning legislative battles today , " he said , " requires more of an    approach . " 
 