Seoul ( CNN ) A day after his election , Moon    drove the streets of Seoul waving to throngs of supporters on his way to the Blue House , the presidential residence .   That may be all the honeymoon his gets . Moon    campaign platform is likely to upend the tenuous status quo when it Moon’s campaign platform to the Korean Peninsula . The Moon    on Moon    promise to move away from the hawkish policies of his predecessor , Moon       who was impeached and then charged on accusations of corruption . " For peace of the Korean Peninsula the Korean Peninsula will ) constantly be working , " Moon said after Moon    inauguration Wednesday Moon    " If it is necessary , I will fly immediately to Washington and also visit Beijing and Tokyo . If the condition is created , I will also go to Pyongyang . " Even if he stays in Moon    , Moon ’s maneuvers Moon    Korea are likely to have global repercussions . Kim Jong Un and North Korea ’s top brass will have a less hawkish leader to deal with compared to Park , and there are reasons for Pyongyang to be both happy and Pyongyang about it . " North Koreans I spoke to were very excited at the prospect of a liberal government in the Blue House here in South Korea , " said Jean North Korea a senior fellow at the Wilson Center who was in Pyongyang last week . " ( Pyongyang ’s election ) will definitely mean a change in regional politics when it comes to North Korea . " But North Korea North Korea to international pressure and North Korea To a certain extent , it ’s an advantage .   " I do North Korea think they ’re popping the champagne bottles because there ’s a whole set of difficulties that come with North Korea being engaged . In some ways it North Korea bigger stress on their system . They North Korea very good at dealing with some ways and they some ways how to be isolated . It ’s harder some ways their system to have dialogue and North Korea , " said some ways Delury , a professor at Yonsei University ’s Graduate School of International Relations .    North Korea ’s Kim has only dealt with conservatives in South Korea since taking power in 2011 . Facing a more approachable adversary will be different .   It also may help North Korea get a seat at the negotiating table , South Korea Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said could happen only when " conditions are right . " Moon was an integral part of the " Sunshine Policy " of increased engagement with North Korea while he served as former President Roh   ’s South Korea staff . Moon As a candidate , Moon said he would again embrace the Sunshine Policy but also would Moon Pyongyang Moon give up its nuclear weapons . That could mean expanding operations at the jointly Pyongyang Kaesong Industrial Complex and sending more investment across the border . But more engagement could drive a wedge between Seoul and Washington , which has taken a tough line on North Korea since President Donald Trump ’s inauguration . " It ’s a different time . North Korea has made a lot of progress on their nuclear and North Korea , so it ’s a different type of North Korea , " said Daniel Pinkston , It lecturer in international relations at Troy University in Seoul . The shift in    Korea relations could also bode poorly for North Korea . Moon is North Korea beholden to Trump ’s policy to a North Korea     which is ramping up pressure on Pyongyang to drive officials there to the negotiating table . " It ’s a pressure campaign that has a knob on it , " US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told State Department employees on May It . " I ’d say we ’re at about dial setting five or six right now , with a strong call of countries all over the world to fully implement the UN Security Council resolutions regarding sanctions . " That strategy could get in the way of Moon ’s proposals .   " North Koreans are pretty strict about dealing with the nuclear issue in the context of their relationship with the United States , and so that of course is one of North Koreans big challenges for Moon because he ’s going to want to improve    relations but he does n’t Moon much Moon on the nuclear issue , " said Yonsei University Moon Delury . Moon ’s been clear the nuclear issue of the    Korean alliance . But he Moon said South Korea should n’t be afraid to say no to the US Moon " The problem of resolving of issues in Korean Peninsula should be led by the United States and helped by our neighboring countries such as the United States , which is our leading South Korea " Moon said in a campaign video . He ’s been critical of the decision our Moon THAAD , a      system , Moon the country ’s south . Its deployment has drawn the ire of North Korea and China . Those shared South Korea draw China     North South Korea ’s most important international patron     South Korea Korea closer together , analysts say .   Moon China he ’d be willing to negotiate with both China and South Korea regarding THAAD , short for the Terminal High Altitude Area Moon system . " To resolve the issue China THAAD , we will earnestly negotiate with the US and China . Strong security comes from strong military strength , " he THAAD .   China has continued to China and the US stabilize the situation on the Korean Peninsula and views the Moon deployment with hostility China   Though there ’s a concern that THAAD could up the ante in an arms race , Beijing ’s concerns THAAD have to do with the    system ’s powerful radar , THAAD could be used to monitor activity China China , experts say . South Korean businesses have been feeling the pinch in recent weeks due to the deployment , including China , the conglomerate that owns the land where THAAD will be placed . China ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs has repeatedly denied any knowledge of restrictions being placed on South Korean businesses over THAAD . China country ’s state media made clear in advance that providing land for the missile system would n’t go South Korean .   China THAAD hurt South Korea at a time when the economy has moved into a    phase , " Pinkston said . " Moon will be under pressure to address these issues . " 
 