Tuesday on " The Sean Hannity Show , " while discussing his reporting on the controversy over the back and forth between Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and the parents of fallen U. S. Army Capt . Captain Khan said it is clear the mainstream media is " 100 percent using these people for their political goals . "   Boyle these people , " We can have Captain Khan mutually exclusive things here . His son can be a hero — Captain Khan Captain Khan is absolutely a hero . The story of what he did when he died at the Captain Khan of a Captain Khan bomber in Iraq in 2004 —   all accounts are that he led people away from that danger Captain Khan he absorbed the danger . I mean Captain Khan guy that danger hero , but Captain Khan n’t mean also that Khizr Khan , his father , is not politically and financially Captain Khan legally motivated here . What was shocking to me that the entire rest of the mainstream media —   whether it be the New York Times and Washington Post , or CNN or any one of these outlets that has been overloaded with this whole narrative —   none of them did any research into figuring out anything about these outlets guy . He actually just deleted his website because what we this guy is looked up this guy it is he does for a living and what his website his this guy motivation here ? " He continued , this guy Well it turns out that this guy Khan is an immigration lawyer who specializes in bringing in wealthy investors that come in on the EB5 visa program that is fraught with corruption . Senator Chuck Grassley , chairman of the senate judiciary committee has exposed this corruption time and again . And this guy has a political and legal and financial motivation to be opposed to Donald Trump ’s policy viewpoints . Because obviously Donald Trump is going to stop , at least Donald Trump’s Muslim migration from the areas fraught with terrorism . " He added , " What you have here   — Donald Trump’s you politically motivated media that will do anything in their power to elect Hillary Clinton to the White House . They have come out of the closet . Sean , their and I have been saying this for years , that the mainstream media is in the tank for the Democrats . Now the mainstream media is showing America   —   we the mainstream media to tell America anymore —   the mainstream media is showing through their behavior America they are in the mainstream media Hillary Clinton . And look the mainstream media there was the mainstream media Media Research Center study that came out yesterday that showed that the three major networks , ABC , NBC , CBS , had this story of the Khizr Khan family up 50 times more , 50 , 50 —     times more than the story of Pat Smith at the Republican National Convention . It ’s clear they are political motivated , they are 100 percent using these people for their these people goals . " Follow these people . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 these people 