Duffy , said Monday he thinks Donald Trump should release his tax returns . Duffy " I think he should Donald Trump his taxes , " Duffy told CNN Donald Trump Wolf Blitzer Donald Trump " The Situation Room . " " I think he should . I think Hillary Clinton should also release Donald Trump emails . She should also release the donors to Hillary Clinton Clinton Foundation Hillary Clinton I think transparency in government is the best . " Duffy     who supported Florida Sen. Marco Rubio during the primaries and now backs Trump , the Republican presidential nominee     told Blitzer that he thinks both candidates should release the information so voters Duffy    who supported Florida Sen. Marco Rubio during the primaries and now backs Trump, the Republican presidential nominee     make educated decisions at the polls in November .   Blitzer noted that Clinton Foundation has released its list of Blitzer , and asked whether Duffy was Clinton Foundation to transcripts of Clinton ’s speeches on Wall Street     which the former secretary of state has not released .   RELATED : Clinton campaign wo n’t release speech transcripts , Duffy replied Clinton " all of the donors have not Duffy released . " He added that he would also like to see the Duffy of Clinton Duffy speeches .   " We deserve all the Clinton’s these candidates that we can get our hands on to make an educated vote in November , we he told Blitzer .   Trump said in May he Duffy make his tax returns public when the " routine Trump " they Trump under is complete , though the IRS has said there is nothing legally keeping him from releasing them while they under review . " In Trump I told they that they taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete , not after election ! " the real estate mogul tweeted . And Trump ’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort has said he does n’t think the Republican nominee will release his returns Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort saying the documents are " incredibly complicated " Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort the American people would n’t understand them .   RELATED : Manafort : Trump unlikely to release the documents returns   " The only people who want the tax returns are the people who want to defeat him , " Manafort said .   The GOP ’s 2012 Manafort: Trump unlikely to release tax returns   , Mitt Manafort: Trump unlikely to release tax returns   , has called Trump ’s decision not to release his returns " disqualifying . Trump " Mr. Trump says he The GOP’s 2012 nominee, Mitt Romney being audited , " Romney wrote Trump Facebook post Trump May. " So ? There The GOP’s 2012 nominee, Mitt Romney nothing that prevents releasing tax returns that are being audited . Further , he could release returns for the years immediately prior to the years Trump audit . " Romney , who has been a vocal critic of Trump , said there was " only one logical explanation " for Trump ’s refusal to release his returns : " There is a Trump them . " 
 Trump 