Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has filed for an extension of President Donald Trump 2016 taxes , a White House official confirmed to CNN Saturday . a White House official did not say when an extension of his 2016 taxes was filed or the reason cited . President Donald Trump has refused to release his President Donald Trump returns because he President Donald Trump said he President Donald Trump under audit .   NBC first reported the extension request . The returns are the subject of much speculation , as they would provide The returns into Trump ’s financial ties and potential conflicts of interest . Trump is the Trump president in decades to not release his tax returns Trump In an interview with The Economist last month , Mr. Trump was Trump " If you do need Democratic support for your tax plan , your ideal tax plan , and the price of that the Democrats say is for you to release your tax returns , would you do that ? " " I do n’t know . That ’s a very interesting question . I doubt it . I doubt it . Because they it not going to . .. nobody cares about my tax return except for the reporters , " he said . He added , " he , at some point I ’ll release them . Maybe I they release them after I ’m they because I ’m very proud of ’m actually . I they a good job . " At that point White House Director of Strategic Communications Hope Hicks interjected in the interview , saying he ’d do so White House Director of Strategic Communications Hope Hicks the audit is over . Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin took a blunter approach when referencing Trump ’s intent to release his returns , telling Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin at a White House press briefing White House , " The president has no intention the President President has released plenty of the President I think has given more financial disclosure than anybody else . " Back in May , lawyers for the President released a letter asserting that the past 10 years of Trump ’s federal tax returns Trump’s a few exceptions " do n’t show any income from Russian sources . The letter also asserted that the returns show a letter asserting that the past 10 years of Trump’s federal tax returns "with a few exceptions" don’t show any income from Russian sources owed to or interest paid to Russian lenders by Trump or his business entities . Russian addition Trump’s the returns show no Russian investments in Trump ’s the returns any investment Russian or the entities he controls in Trump’s businesses , the Trump’s said . Nevertheless , CNN Russian n’t independently confirm anything in the letter because of Trump ’s refusal to release any of Trump’s returns . An outside tax lawyer Trump’s reviewed the letter concluded it is " unhelpful " if the goal is the letter gauge any potential Russian entanglements the President may have . In March , MSNBC Russian two pages of Trump ’s IRS 1040 form that showed in Trump’s Trump paid $ 38 million in federal income taxes Trump’s a reported income of $ 150 million . They are the only pages of Trump ’s returns Trump’s have been obtained publicly . Trump’s Maddow ’s report did anything to advance serious inquiry into Trump ’s taxes , it was by forcing the Trump’s to demonstrate that it could disclose the president ’s tax information , despite his refusal to do so the White House the grounds that he is under audit . 
 the president’s the president’s 