Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • After a morning of     statements and Twitter posts ,    Donald J. Trump met with Times journalists and our publisher at our Midtown headquarters . our       comments .    retreated from a vow to pull out of the Paris climate accord and said that    did n’t " want to energize " white supremacists .   Donald J. Trump also suggested his   Donald J. Trump could help broker peace between Israelis and Palestinians . He   Donald J. Trump that he   Donald J. Trump dropping his   Donald J. Trump of further investigations into Hillary Clinton ’s private email server and family foundation . _ _ _ _ _ • Questions about Mr.   Donald J. Trump continuing business dealings include whether operations involving the Bank of China and other companies controlled by foreign governments could test a constitutional limit . Our financial columnist says that because of China ’s China in the global economic system , Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump chance of winning a possible trade war . Some accounts have portrayed the    as urging the British politician Nigel Farage to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Mr. Trump believes   Donald J. Trump the view from one of his Scottish golf courses   Donald J. Trump _ _ _ _ _ • Facebook has devised software to suppress posts in an effort to gain access to the 1 . 4 billion people in China , where it is blocked . ____ • Facebook government there has strict rules around censorship of user content . The social network would offer the tool to a third party   —    in this case , most likely a partner Chinese company   —    to monitor popular stories and topics , said three current and former employees . The feature has so far gone unused . _ _ _ _ _ • The main opposition party in South Korea said the country ’s president , Park    would be remembered as " traitorous " for making an    pact with Japan . Her political rivals , who already want to impeach Ms. Park over a corruption scandal , had insisted she cancel negotiations with Her , which formerly Japan Korea as a colony South Korea _ _ _ _ _ • The military campaign to oust the Islamic State from Mosul is in its sixth week . The military campaign to oust the Islamic State from Mosul photographer and reporter covering the battle focus on an intensifying humanitarian crisis : the thousands of residents trying to flee . Stories of anguish like one from a    man searching for his parents are common . " I have not heard from them , " he his parents our reporter his " Our am always crying . " _ _ _ _ _ • Hong Kong Disneyland will get a $ 1 . 4 billion upgrade to fight slumping attendance driven by a sharp decline in tourism from mainland China . The Hong Kong government , which owns 53 percent of the park , will split the cost accordingly . • Alibaba is stepping up competition with Amazon and Microsoft in cloud computing , announcing that it will open data Alibaba in Dubai , Tokyo , Germany and Australia by the end of 2016 . • There is a sense of relief in Japan after a powerful earthquake tested the safety of a nuclear power plant . The 7 .   quake hit near the site of the    2011 nuclear disaster . This time , the Fukushima Daini and Daiichi power stations responded well . • Daimler , the German automaker , has removed an executive from China after he was accused of making bigoted insults against Chinese people in a parking lot dispute . The outburst set off an outcry on the social network Weibo . • Wall Street rose to record highs before retreating , and oil was down as OPEC mulled . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • At least 6 , 461 people were killed or wounded last year by land mines and other unexploded munitions , a huge increase from 2014 , according to a new report . The most active land mine producers are India , Myanmar , Pakistan and South Korea . [ The New York Times ] • Global warming is altering the ecology of the Arctic on a vast scale . Two sets of scientists have found a huge increase in the amount of algae there , which is likely to have a profound impact on the food chain . [ The New York [The New York Times] • The New York Times Singapore with a glut of new homes , notably a $ 100 billion island city built to house 700 , 000 people . [ Bloomberg ] • The leader of Chechnya   is borrowing from Mr. Trump ’s playbook : appearing on a reality TV show . He ’s trying to win over the rest of Russia . [ The The leader of Chechnya   York Times ] • Turkey fired another 15 , 000 public workers , including soldiers , • and police officers , and shut down nine more news outlets , over what the authorities said were links to a failed coup or terrorists . [ The New York Times ] • More Zika cases are being reported [The New York Times] The New York Times experience with    diseases may help its response . [ The New York Times ] • The Asia of women in India ’s history will be highlighted   diseases a series The New York Times [ Quartz ] • Kareem    Ellen DeGeneres , Robert De Niro , and Bill and Melinda Gates were among the 21 Americans who received the Presidential Medal of Freedom today . • A deaf teenager from South Korea is set to reach the highest echelons of tennis , a sport in which hearing the ball is hugely important . • Our daily 360 video : " There ’s so much to do along the river , and if the oil line goes through and breaks , there ’s going to be no more of that , " said a man who grew up on the Standing Rock Indian Reservation . A handwritten poem scrawled by Anne Frank in a friend ’s notebook is up for sale in the Netherlands today . Bubb Kuyper Auctions , based in Haarlem , expects to sell the rare item for between 30 , 000 and 50 , 000 euros . Anne penned the short poem in a notebook belonging to her friend Jacqueline van Maarsen ’s older sister , Christiane . The work is dated March 1942 , just a few months before Anne and Anne family went into hiding from the Nazis in Amsterdam . All but her father eventually died in the Holocaust . Only a Anne of Anne writings aside from the diary she kept while in hiding have emerged Anne This spring , a Massachusetts museum bought a copy of Grimm Anne fairy tales in which she Anne inscribed her and her sister ’s names . In 1989 , another short piece of verse written in a friend ’s notebook went Anne sale at Anne ’s Anne The poem ’s opening features traditional lines of encouragement , and can be traced to a 1930s Dutch periodical . The closing verses , which the auction house has not traced , may be Anne ’s own . " If others have reproached    what you have done wrong , " the poem ends , " Then be sure to amend your    is the best answer one can make . " Christopher D. Shea contributed The poem _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of    for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 