Trump used the word " ghetto " to refer to predominantly poor , black areas of America ’s inner cities in an address on Thursday evening . [ Trump was referring to his goal of helping black communities through jobs , education Trump and better policing   —    the subject of a policy address in Charlotte , North Carolina the day before .   Comment spread through social media as journalists and others strove to interpret the remark . " We are going to work on our ghettos . "   —    @realDonaldTrump https :   .    —    John Mocek ( @jmocek ) October 27 , 2016 ,   The full section of Donald Trump ’s speech in which he vowed to " work on our ghettos " : Donald Trump’s . twitter .    —    Scott Bixby ( @scottbix ) October 27 , 2016 ,   The term " ghetto " was widely used to describe poor black neighborhoods in the 1960s and 1970 . Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. used the term twice in his " I Have a Dream " speech . The Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. is still occasionally used , especially by African the term and scholars . Thomas Sowell of the Hoover Institution wrote last month : The one bright spot in black ghettos around the country are the schools that parents are free to choose for their own children . Some are Catholic schools , some are parents private schools and some are charter schools financed by public school systems but operating without the suffocating rules that apply to other public schools . Not all of these kinds of schools are successes . But where there are academic successes in black ghettos , they come disproportionately from schools outside the iron grip of the Not all of these kinds of schools establishment and the teachers’ unions . President Barack Obama used the term " ghetto " in his first memoir , Dreams from My Father : " If President Barack Obama could just find the right words , I had thought to myself . With the right words everything could change   —    South Africa , the lives of ghetto kids just a few miles away , my own tenuous place in the world . " The term is also common in popular culture , and though it is racially specific , it is not considered racially offensive The term    star Lauryn Hill The term boasted , in " Final Hour "   —    a track on the smash hit Miseducation of Lauryn Hill album   —    that she had " diplomatic immunity in every ghetto community . " star Lauryn Hill Presley memorialized the term in his 1969 hit ballad " In the Ghetto . " The Elvis Presley " ghetto " can also refer specifically to the enclosed areas in which Jews were forced to live in European cities in medieval times , and again during the Second World War . That is not how it is typically understood when used in reference to the inner city , and Jewish groups do not consider the term " ghetto " intrinsically offensive . This post has been updated . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths Joel B. Pollak Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 