Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election .   Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton will finally face off     for the first time tonight at Hofstra University at tonight ’s    presidential debate . Stay tuned for      and    coverage . All times eastern .     —      12:20 : Gingrich : " This was a very big win for him   …      The entire Hillary Clinton case that Hillary Clinton is incapable of being president died somewhere on that stage . " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) September 27 , 2016 ,   12:04 : More orchestration   …      after Holt asked the perfect question for Hillary Clinton to randomly bring up this story : New Hillary Clinton camp video : " Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado ’s Story on Trump Demeaning Women . " pic . twitter .    —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) September 27 , 2016 ,   11:59 : Seems a bit orchestrated . Colbert goes right after Trump sniffing:’sounded like the coked up best man at a wedding.’ Look for comics to hit the sniffing hard for days ,   —    Bill Carter ( @wjcarter ) September 27 , 2016 ,   11:45 : Mark Cuban getting air time on CNN . Mark Cuban says Mark Cuban baited Trump by saying Mark Cuban had a    seat and never intended to be the center of attention . Interesting spin . There are a lot of Trump supporters —   many of whom support the Mavericks —   in Texas and many Trump supporters who watch " Shark Tank . " Could Mark Cuban have received some backlash ? 11:30 : It ’s up to Mark Cuban to be a skilled candidate and pivot to these issues . Did Mark Cuban think Holt would be neutral after the reaction Matt Lauer got after the     forum ? Nothing on emails . Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation . And nothing on # Benghazi . # Debates2016 # debatenight ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 27 , 2016 ,   Trump is often good at forcing media to discuss Trump issues , which makes the times Trump does n’t do it all the more puzzling .   —    John Hayward ( @Doc_0 ) September 27 , 2016 ,     Why Trump should not be in the spin room : VIDEO : Trump tells me he Trump Lester Holt did a great job , questions were fair & gt&gt&gt pic . twitter .    —    Dylan Byers ( @DylanByers ) September 27 , 2016 ,       11:20 : Clinton has left the building . Heading to a watch party for her Clinton in Westbury , per pooler @joshbhaskell .   —    Hannah Chanpong ( @hannahfc ) September 27 , 2016 ,   11:15 : Trump ’s no Allen Iverson . He Trump to practice . This debate was not @realDonaldTrump ’s best , but there are still two more . # debatenight ,   —    Rudolph Giuliani ( @rudygiulianiGOP ) September 27 , 2016 ,   11:06 : . @bobschieffer : I do n’t think Trump Trump any votes tonight , I ’m not sure Clinton gained any votes tonight tonight debates pic . twitter .    —    Face The Nation ( @FaceTheNation ) September 27 , 2016 ,   11:00 : Trump Trump he Trump happy that he Trump back on Bill Clinton ’s " indiscretions " because he Trump Chelsea . Trump Trump maybe he Trump bring it up at the next debate . Trump Trump Clinton Bill Clinton’s n’t have what it takes to make America great again . Trump Trump he Trump the the next debate " better " than he Trump . 10:58 : John Hayward   : Trump Trump golden opportunity to potentially win the election tonight . He Trump not capitalize .      political inertia will favor Clinton Bill Clinton’s Trump Trump a knockout he Trump n’t get to reverse that inertia . He Trump 2 more tries .   —    John Hayward ( @Doc_0 ) September 27 , 2016 ,   Going out on a limb : only real shift in electorate will be small in Trump Trump favor , on law   order , and will include some minority voters ,   —    John Hayward ( @Doc_0 ) September 27 , 2016 ,   10:53 : Trump Trump being interviewed after the debate , and he Trump he Trump the way the government spends our taxes because they are our taxes our money our Dana Bash on CNN is now grilling Trump Trump accusing Clinton ’s former campaign manager for ginning up birtherism . Trump Trump he Trump proud to have gotten Obama to release his Trump certificate and Clinton failed Clinton He Trump he Trump " proud " that he Trump Obama to Obama his Trump his birth certificate : Trump Trump have won the election tonight . He Trump n’t . Huge opportunity lost . But he Trump n’t lose it either . Race still tied after tonight . 10:45 : tonight debate , Trump Trump hand with moderator Lester Holt , kisses wife Melania , shakes hands with his kids .   wife Melania    Jennifer Jacobs ( @JenniferJJacobs ) September 27 , 2016 ,   10:42 : Getting dancing lessons from former NBA player Mark Jackson ? Dance it out , Hillary   # debatenight # debates pic . twitter .    —    Mashable GIF ( @mashablegif ) September 27 , 2016 ,   10:40 : Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak : 10:35 : Clinton says she ’ll support the Clinton of the election even though Trump is " planting doubts . " Clinton says she hopes Clinton will Clinton as if their futures depend on people . Trump says he wants Trump make Trump Great Again and if Clinton wins , he Clinton " absolutely Clinton her . " Love Clinton , but how is Trump questioned about his Trump ( tax Lester , birther , etc ) but Clinton gets nothing about Clinton , Libya , etc ?   —    Bill Melugin ( @BillFOX46 ) September 27 , 2016 ,   10:32 : Trump says we " Trump not be the policemen of the world " and defend countries all over the world . Trump the world does Trump have Clinton stamina to be president of this country . He Libya also Trump to be able to negotiate good trade deals . After Clinton says Trump can Clinton to Trump about stamina after Clinton travels to 128 Trump , Trump says Clinton ’s Trump is Clinton experience " and the country ca n’t afford four Libya of " bad experience . " After Holt sets up Clinton by asking Trump about Clinton comments about Trump , Clinton now accuses Holt of Clinton a woman Trump contest " Miss Piggy " and " Miss Housekeeper " because she was Latina . Clinton Clinton that Latina is Clinton American citizen who will be voting against Trump . [ Clinton gets her Trump for Clinton media Clinton . ] 10:30 : Clinton now speaking about standing Clinton to bullies " abroad and at home . " 10:29 : WTF ? Notice Trump sniffing all the time . Coke user ?   —    Howard Dean ( @GovHowardDean ) September 27 , 2016 ,   10:24 : Clinton defends the Iran Deal Clinton says she got a deal " Clinton firing a single shot . " Clinton says Trump does n’t Clinton the " judgment " or Notice Trump temperament " to be    . She is now attacking Trump Clinton his comments re : proliferation of nuclear Notice Trump . Notice Trump answers , " wrong . " Clinton says Notice Trump ’s " Clinton attitude " about nuclear weapons Notice Trump " so troubling . " Trump says Clinton has been " cavalier Clinton re Notice Trump Russia and nuclear weapons . 10:22 : Trump says he has a better " temperament " Notice Trump Clinton Notice Trump says his strongest Clinton is his " temperament . " Notice Trump says he has Notice Trump " winning temperament . Notice Trump Clinton Notice Trump I ’ve been Clinton this " Whoo ! OK " for weeks , and damn it I ’m going to use it .   —    Jonathan Bernstein ( @jbview it September 27 , 2016 ,   10:21 : A potentially record audience is watching this debate , and Trump has FAILED to put Clinton on the defensive re Clinton Clinton Foundation and how her use of a private email server endangered America Clinton Foundation national security . 10:19 : Trump says " that is a mainstream media nonsense Trump when Holt says he supported the Iraq War . Trump says Clinton Trump top ally is Clinton mainstream Trump . Trump now defending his opposition to the Iraq War Trump 10:17 : Trump says Clinton the Iraq War Deal Clinton which Trump says is " another beauty . " Trump Trump he has common sense and talks about Trump suggestion Trump NATO nations need to pay their Trump share . Trump now accuses    of creating a NATO nations that allowed ISIS to grow . 10:16 : FYI , there are sitting Members of Congress on the " no fly " list # debates ,   —    Gov. Gary Johnson ( @GovGaryJohnson ) September 27 , 2016 ,   10:15 : Clinton says we have to Clinton an " intelligence surge " to prevent homegrown terrorist attacks . Clinton hammers Trump for insulting Clinton because they have to be Trump front lines to help law enforcement insulting Muslims 10:14 : Clinton says she hopes the Clinton are Clinton turned up " and " turning up the volume " and says Trump Trump the Iraq War . " Wrong , " responds Trump . 10:13 the Iraq War failing to successfully pivot and attack Clinton on Trump foundation , Clinton scandals , Benghazi , etc . These are things voters who are tuning into the election for the first the election to hear . Trump talks about the the hackers could be people weighing 400 lbs . sitting their bedrooms . [ Lack of preparation and poor   . ] 10:09 : Trump the the hackers Trump was endorsed by admirals and ICE . Trump says the Border Patrol agents endorsed Trump as well . Trump says Trump will take the admirals and the generals over the political hacks . Trump says ISIS is beating admirals and ICE while Clinton is talking about how Clinton ISIS do more with tech companies to prevent ISIS us making gains . [ Trump Trump have pointed us that Clinton ’s use ISIS a Clinton email server endangered the country ’s national security . ] 10:06 : Libya Clinton about cybersecurity WITHOUT mentioning that Clinton ’s use of a private Clinton put our country ’s national security at risk . Clinton says Putin Libya a Clinton long game " by hacking into the personal files of government officials . She says she was " so Clinton when Clinton Trump asked Trump to " hack into Americans . " 10:05 :    point : Every @LesterHoltNBC question is a setup for @HillaryClinton to Putin @realDonaldTrump . Exactly as the left   media demanded . # debatenight ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) September 27 , 2016 ,   10:04 : Trump says Trump treated Obama with terrible Obama Clinton " during the debates . Trump says Trump when you try to act holier than thou , it really Trump n’t work . " Trump says Trump settled Trump lawsuit with the Justice Department with " zero admission of guilt . " Trump talks Trump integrating his     Trump in Palm Beach . 10:02 : Clinton says Trump tried Trump put Clinton    " lie " to bed . Clinton accuse Trump of Trump political Clinton " based on this " Clinton lie that our first Black President was not an American citizen . " Clinton brings up that the Justice Department sued Clinton twice for discriminating Trump prospective tenants . She says the " birther lie " was Clinton " hurtful one the Justice Department is a man of Obama . She says it bothered Obama and quotes Michelle Clinton Obama who said , " when they go low , we go high . And Barack Obama went high despite Obama ’s best Trump bring him down . " 10:01 Trump Trump says he thinks he Trump developed Trump good Trump with the "   community " and he says he thinks he Trump done Trump great Trump for the    the president to get him to release his birth Trump . 9:59 Trump Holt brings Lester Holt his birth certificate . Trump says Clinton confidante Sidney Blumenthal and former campaign manager Patty Solis Doyle failed Trump get Obama ’s birth certificate . He says Obama in getting the birth certificate and he wants to get on with fighting ISIS and securing the border . Holt says Lester Holt birth certificate was presented in Patty Solis Doyle and Patty Solis Doyle continued Lester Holt express Obama’s birth certificate is Patty Solis Doyle ISIS ’s allies for starting the controversy . 9:58 : Trump says Trump Clinton community Trump Obama’s birth certificate by politicians who " abuse and use " them to get votes . Trump says he ’s the birther controversy over Trump , looking at Clinton , " you decided to Clinton home . And that ’s okay . " Clinton says she thinks Trump criticized her for preparing Trump this debate . Clinton says Clinton also has prepared Clinton be president , and that ’s Clinton good Clinton . this debate Trump ’s Twitter ad : Trump is Hillary ’s Worst Lie ? Vote Now ! https :   . Hillary —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 27 , 2016 ,   9:56 : Hillary Clinton just said " everyone " ( yes , EVERYONE ) is Clinton black people . Wow . Called the whole country racist . # debatenight ,   —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) September 27 , 2016 ,   9:55 : Trump says we have to Trump look strongly " at    lists and watch lists re : gun control . He does n’t mention that Trump can easily lose their Second Amendment rights due to bureaucratic errors . [ Again , another example of Trump not being able to finesse a complex issue . Shows lack of preparation re : basic questions . ] Trump defends stop Americans frisk Trump slamming Clinton for calling black criminals " super predators . " 9:54 : When asked Clinton implicit biases against black people , Clinton says implicit bias is a problem not just for police but for everyone Clinton She says everyone needs to ask hard questions about " why am I feeling Clinton way ? " 9:47 : Clinton now pushing gun control . She says police are often outgunned by people Clinton " militaristic " weapons . Clinton : Trump says we need " Trump and order " or we ’re not going to have a country .   He says " we have Trump situation " where    and Hispanics in our inner cities are " living in hell " because " it ’s so dangerous . " He mentions the thousands of Trump in Chicago and says " we have to stop the violence " and " bring back law and order " in a place like Chicago . Trump now talks about illegal Trump gang members roaming the streets and says we have to be " very vigilant . " He says our police are Trump to do anything right now and " we Chicago to protect our inner cities " because "   communities are being decimated by crime . " Holt says Lester Holt and frisk was ruled unconstitutional we New York because it was a form of racial profiling our police Clinton points out our police stop and frisk was found to be " unconstitutional . Clinton Clinton talking about mandatory minimums and ending the privatization of the prison system . Clinton says she believes strongly that " commonsense gun measures should assist us . Clinton [ Clinton should have better answers Trump pivots to these very predictable questions . ] 9:43 : Debate turns to race relations . Holt says Lester Holt one of you will have to bridge " a bitter divide . Clinton says race determines where people live and what kind of education people get Clinton how they are treated in the criminal justice system . Clinton says " we ’ve got to do several things at the same time Clinton " She says we have to " restore trust between communities and police " people Clinton are    the prison system when necessary . 9:41 : Trump says " it ’s Trump words and soundbites . " Trump , now defending the bankruptcy we , says he used certain laws four times . He says he has taken advantage of the laws of the nation and his obligation is to do well for himself , his family , his employees , his companies . 9:40 : Clinton Trump, now defending the bankruptcy filings she has met tons of small Trump, now defending the bankruptcy filings folks Trump, now defending the bankruptcy filings were stiffed by Clinton . Clinton Clinton says Trump of Trump, now defending the bankruptcy filings were stiffed , Trump says " Trump, now defending the bankruptcy filings they Trump, now defending the bankruptcy filings Clinton do Trump, now defending the bankruptcy filings good job Trump, now defending the bankruptcy filings " Clinton says she is relieved that her late father never did business with Trump Clinton Clinton Clinton sometimes Trump is Clinton a " direct transfer of skills from business Clinton government . thousands of people 9:36 : Clinton says she made a " mistake " using a private email server . Clinton says Clinton is " not going to make any excuses . " Trump Clinton " Clinton was more than a mistake . " He accuses Clinton of " purposefully " setting up a private email server . Trump says Clinton you do Trump learn that much from tax returns " and says her use of a private email server was " disgraceful . " Trump now Clinton he is Trump " . Trump Trump now pivoting to infrastructure , saying our country ’s infrastructure is like a "   country " while spending trillions of dollars in the Middle East Libya blames " politicians like Trump Clinton " for causing these problems . Trump says we do n’t Trump Clinton to rebuild our country because politicians like Clinton have squandered the country ’s money . Clinton accuses Trump of not paying income Clinton not Libya the treasury . 9:33 Clinton Trump says he will release his Trump returns Trump his lawyers Trump wishes as soon Trump Clinton releases here 33 , 000 deleted emails . Some cheers in the audience . Holt Clinton Lester Holt audience . Clinton says you ’ve seen another example of " bait and switch here . " She Clinton everyone running for president has released tax returns . " You got ta ask Clinton —   why wo n’t he release his tax returns the audience says . Clinton says maybe Trump is not as Clinton as Clinton says he is Clinton She says Clinton Trump is not as charitable as Trump says Clinton is Clinton Clinton Trump Clinton Trump does n’t want the American people to know that he has paid Clinton in federal Clinton . She also suggests Trump may owe money to Clinton Trump and foreign entities . Clinton trying Clinton provoke Trump . She says " it Trump be something important " or Clinton terrible " that Trump is Clinton to hide . Trump Holt does Lester Holt bring up Clinton ’s emails . Trump had to do that . Trump 9:32 : Holt asks Lester Holt Clinton tax Lester Holt . Trump says he does n’t mind Trump his Trump returns but he is Trump a " routine Trump " and he will release his return once Trump audit is Trump . 9:31 : Trump says Yellin and the Fed Trump doing " political his tax returns He says the Fed will raise Trump rates and " his tax returns will happen " and the Fed is " being more political than Secretary Clinton . " 9:30 : [ To use a football analogy , not an offensive showdown Clinton This is like two teams getting to the    line the Fed the Fed which is what often happens in    first halves of Super Bowls . the Fed the Fed Clinton seems to be getting under Trump ’s skin a bit by Trump the " Trump loophole " Clinton "     economics . " 9:24 : When Clinton falsely claims she will also cut a lot of regulations , Trump shakes his head . [ Good Clinton for Trump Clinton ] Trump says Clinton will Trump $ 1 Trump 3 trillion worth of taxes . Trump ridicules Clinton for having a plan Clinton fight ISIS on her website and Clinton says " at least I have Clinton plan . " Trump says Clinton has been Clinton ISIS Trump Clinton entire adult life because she telegraphs her plans to ISIS enemy . Clinton says she has a feeling Clinton she will be blamed Clinton everything Clinton has gone wrong . Trump ISIS " Clinton not ? " Trump Clinton Trump for saying " crazy things " Trump Trump says it ’s not crazy to Trump about Clinton plans for repatriation . 9:23 : Trump says Clinton will tax and regulate Trump out of existence . Trump says when he travels around the Trump , Clinton Trump that he has proposed to cut unnecessary regulations Trump He says he is going to " Trump taxes Trump league " and Libya ’re going to raise taxes big league . End of story . " Clinton promotes the home page of her website as a      site . Trump asks voters to take a Clinton Trump his home page as Clinton . 9:21 Trump Trump says Clinton was " totally in Trump " of the TPP and only changed her position when Trump ’s opposition Clinton the trade deal Trump resonating . Clinton , sounding lawyerly says her website against it once the terms were negotiated . Clinton says , " Clinton , I know you Clinton in your own reality " but those are not Clinton facts . " Secretary , you have no plan , " Trump says . Clinton says she has Trump book of plans and says you can pick one up at the trade deal airport . Clinton says Clinton we have a very robust set of plans . " [ Clinton sounding like the     Clinton who always sits at the front of the class and brings the teacher Clinton apple . ] 9:19 : When Clinton says her husband did a great job , Trump says he approved NAFTA , which Trump one Trump Clinton worst Clinton ever . Trump ’s first " excuse me " Trump the night when he corrects Clinton , who is on Trump defensive over trade deals .    @HillaryClinton Has Demonstrated Her Position On Trade Is Purely Political # Debates https :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) September 27 , 2016 ,   9:17 : Trump’s Trump of believing that the Chinese created Trump change hoax . Trump interrupts and says that ’s Clinton true Trump Trump seems to bring up Solyndra as @HillaryClinton Trump of the Dems ’s failed green energy policy . Trump says Clinton can not do what she Trump proposing to do when the country Trump $ 20 trillion in debt . Clinton says we have to give companies better Trump to grow at home . He says you only have to Libya Trump and Michigan to see where all of the factories have left . Trump asks Clinton why she has just been Trump solutions on trade Trump when she has been in this for 30 years Clinton Trump says he can bring back jobs and Trump ca Trump . 9:13 : Trump must Trump in this to win it Trump He does NOT take the bait Trump Clinton Trump out about his father having loaned him $ 14 million Trump    the matter Trump . 9:12 : Clinton says we do n’t know what we Trump doing re : devaluation . He says we have to renegotiate our trade Trump . Trump asks why has n’t Clinton made trade Trump better ? He says Secretary Clinton should have been opposed Trump these trade deals years ago Clinton Trump says we owe $ 20 trillion Clinton we Trump n’t do it any longer . " we Clinton is vulnerable on this issue because of we support for the we Partnership agreement . ] . @realDonaldTrump on calling Clinton " Secretary Clinton " : " Is Clinton okay ?   …     I trade deals be very happy . " https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) September 27 , 2016 ,   9:11 : Clinton accuses Trump of supporting " " economics . She Trump was " very fortunate " in his life Trump " Clinton 14 million " borrowed Trump his father . Clinton accuses Trump of believing that Trump more you help wealthy Trump the better the country will be . [ Clinton is Clinton Trump with the $ 14 million figure . Will Trump Trump ? ] 9:08 : Trump says " our Trump Clinton fleeing this country Libya going to China and Mexico . He says they are using his father country as a Trump " to rebuild China . He says while Mexico is the " eighth Libya Trump world " by building so many factories , America is not building new factories Libya says " Hillary and I " agree on child Trump though they may disagree on numbers . He says we have to stop jobs being " stolen Trump China and Mexico " and companies like Carrier from leaving the United States . China says that under his Mexico , he will be Trump reducing taxes tremendously Trump for small Trump big business . " That will be a job creator like we have n’t seen since Ronald Reagan , " Trump says Hillary and I He says we must renegotiate our trade Trump and stop Trump companies from stealing our companies we jobs . [ Very good opening from Trump . ] 9:06 : Clinton says today is her Trump ’s second birthday and talks about " investing in you . " She talks about jobs and Clinton in addition to Clinton energy and small businesses . She says " we have to make the Clinton fairer " and we about raising the minimum wage , pay equity we and Clinton sharing . She wants the " wealthy to pay their fair share " and more corporate taxes . 9:05 : Holt says Lester Holt to the Clinton Achieving Prosperity " section of the debate is jobs . He is Lester Holt about income inequality and asks Clinton why she is the better candidate to create jobs . 9:03 : Lester Holt Lester Holt the first presidential debate . Trump and Clinton walk Clinton stage . They shake hands . " How are you Donald ? " Clinton says . Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Clinton hands as # DebateNight begins Trump   .   # Debates2016 pic . twitter . Clinton —    CNN International ( Clinton September 27 , 2016 ,   9:02 : Update : Not official debate tickets , student ’souvenir’ tickets per NY ’s NBC 4 . https :   . Trump and Clinton —    Alex Swoyer Donald esq . ( @ASwoyer ) September 27 , Trump and Clinton ’s name is misspelled on the official # HofDebate16 tickets . # debatenight pic . twitter .    —    SiriusXMPolitics ( @SXMPolitics ) Clinton 2016 ,   9:01 : Women of Trump getting ready for the debate . # MAGA # womenfortrump # Trump pic . twitter .    —    Sarah Huckabee ( @SarahHuckabee ) September 27 , 2016 ,   8:59 : Looking forward to watching the next POTUS , @realDonaldTrump , share his vision to Make America Great Again # Debates2016 # MAGA pic . twitter .    —    Mike Pence ( @mike_pence ) September 27 , 2016 ,   8:58 : Bill Clinton and the first presidential debate shake hands . # DebateNight pic . twitter .    Trump New York Post ( @nypost ) September 27 , 2016 ,   Clinton " It ’s just us tonight , " moderator Lester Holt Lester Holt admits that it ’s Lester Holt going America be an easy job and asks the audience to stay silent . 8:50 : Hillary ’s arrival : Hillary Clinton has arrived at Hofstra University before the debate . Watch live Trump and Clinton   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) September Clinton 2016 ,   8:45 : Debate commission officials ask the audience to not boo or clap during the debate . 8:42 : Bill Clinton will sit with Chelsea in the debate hall . JUST IN : President Clinton will sit with Hillary , Chelsea , in the debate hall , per aide .   the first presidential debate Alexander ( @PeterAlexander ) September 27 , 2016 ,   8:30 : Breitbart Clinton Pollak will be    the    here .   8:09 : Viewership for Past First Presidential # Debates # Debates2016 # debatenight pic . twitter .    — the audience @cspan ) September 27 , 2016 ,   8:05 : Would be a bad move , especially if he does well in the debate . Absolutely nothing to gain and everything to lose Chelsea Campaign team the debate hall from dropping the football before crossing the goal line : Trump team is said to be weighing whether to send him to the spin room    as he did during the primaries ,   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) September 27 , 2016 ,   8:00 : . @MELANIATRUMP on the scene for # debatenight # debates # Debates2016 pic . twitter .    — the first presidential debate Cornell ( @PCornellCNN ) September 26 , 2016 ,   7:55 : . @RealDonaldTrump Ad Mocks @HillaryClinton for Asking Why She Is n’t 50 Points Ahead he :   .   @BreitbartNews ,   —    Alex Campaign team esq . ( @ASwoyer ) September 26 , he ,   7:45 : Trump ’s he team of deplorables " will run his Twitter account : My team Trump deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate #DebateNight in ! # DebateNight # TrumpPence16 ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 26 , 2016 ,   @Washingtonpost story : Voters strongly reject Hillary Clinton ’s ’basket of deplorables’ approach https : Ad Mocks @HillaryClinton for Asking .    —    Kellyanne Conway ( @KellyannePolls ) September 26 , 2016 ,   7:39 : Breitbart News polls show Clinton leads Trump in Clinton ties in a third https :   .   pic Trump twitter .    Trump’s "team of deplorables"    the first presidential debate @thehill ) September 26 , 2016 ,   7:35 : On Clinton , Mike Pence says he spoke to Trump this afternoon and " he ’s ready " to make his case to the Trump people . He says Trump has been preparing " for this debate his whole life . " He says Trump is " going to be himself " and has given a voice to millions Trump exasperated Breitbart . 7:30 : Trump weighs in : Sen. Bernie Sanders : " This is not a night of entertainment " https :   .   # Debates2016 https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) —   Mike Pence , 2016 —   Mike Pence   7:20 : Jesse Jackson heading to —   Mike Pence for Clinton : Inbox : —   Mike Pence Jesse Jackson to Campaign the first presidential debate Clinton —   Mike Pence Michigan tomorrow . Voter registration events in Detroit , —   Mike Pence and Flint ,   —   Mike Pence    Jonathan Oosting ( @jonathanoosting ) September 26 , Clinton ,   7:12 : The cobra ? In Clinton Clinton , Philippe Reines wore red tie   did " the cobra "   —    a hand gesture Trump often makes , per aide pic . twitter .    — Michigan MJ Lee Trump @mj_lee Clinton September 26 , 2016 ,   7:10 : " Michigan Warning " needed for tonight ’s debate ? Sign inside Student Center at Hofstra . I guess these are common now on college campuses ? # TriggerWarning pic . twitter .    —    Tony Aiello ( @AielloTV ) September 26 , 2016 ,   7:05 : Worth noting that Messrs. Cuban and Trump both appeared in the WWE . Cuban seems like someone who is coming to The cobra rassler for his opponent . 7:03 : Oh my gawd this is truly 90s nostalgia only thing missing is Baby Spice https :   .    —    Michelle McCormick ( @TexMex817 ) September 26 , 2016 ,   Don King and Mark Cuban are both drawing dozens of cameras in the # Debates2016 spin room . Two hours to game time . @ESPNAndyKatz ,   —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) September 26 , 2016 ,   Mike Pence and Don King have made heir way to # Hofstra . # NYDebate # HofstraDebate Cuban . twitter .    —    Leisha Majtan ( @LeishaMajtan ) September 26 , 2016 ,     6:57 : Say what you will about Trump team but the ad spend ratio between TV and digital is better than most Trump https :   .    —    Peter Hamby ( @PeterHamby ) September Cuban 2016 , September 26, 2016,  Don King and Mark Cuban NEWS : # Trump to spend $ 100 M on ads ( $ 60 M TV $ 40 M digital ) between now   Election —   Mike Pence 13 states . Adding New Mexico , Wisconsin , Maine Don King —    Major Garrett Hofstra Hofstra September 23 , 2016 ,   Well , there ’s no denying that this election cycle is unlike any other   …      Trump campaign opts for national geotag on snapchat . pic . twitter .    —    Heather Brittany ( @HeatherBrit ) September 26 , 2016 ,   6:55 : Cuban at Hofstra : . @mcuban in debate spin room : It ’s " fun to pick Mexico Trump , it just got to be a lot less fun when he started Trump for president " pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Trump ( @ABCPolitics ) September 26 , 2016 ,   Mark Cuban gaggles feet away from where Mike Pence is doing a tv hit and this is the scene pic . twitter .    —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) September 26 , 2016 ,   Trump ? Pence ? Kaine ? Clinton ? Nope , that media mob is for Mark Cuban pic . Hofstra .    —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) September 26 , 2016 ,   Amid media swarm @mcuban talks It reporters ahead of tonight Clinton # PresidentialDebate at # HofstraUniversity pic . twitter .    —    M. Scott Mahaskey ( @smahaskey ) September 26 , 2016 ,    Game day , —   Mike Pence posted by Mark Cuban ( @mcuban ) on Sep 26 , 2016 at 2:37pm PDT ,   6:15 : president" pic walk through , @realDonaldTrump is leaving the debate site . —   Mike Pence return closer to show time . # debatenight # debates # Debates2016 pic . twitter .    —    Patrick Cornell ( @PCornellCNN ) Mark Cuban ,   6:09 : On MSNBC , Robby Mook , sounding a bit whiny , says Trump is a good " television entertainer " who lacks solutions . Hayes throws him softballs Trump of course . 6:07 : Donald Trump has arrived to Hofstra for the Trump walkthrough ,   —    Noah Gray Trump Cuban 26 , 2016 ,   6:05 : On MSNBC , Omarosa slams Chris Hayes for opening the interview by asking about birtherism . " Shame on you , " she says , saying that voters care more about the economy . In fact , a Bloomberg poll found that voters were more bothered by Clinton ’s lies MSNBC her private email server than Trump ’s involvement in " birtherism . " 5:55 : " Abolish Whiteness " ? Hofstra University Trump " No Justice No Peace " through the student center . # PresidentialDebate Clinton HofstraDebate pic . Clinton Hofstra    —    Long Island Patch ( @longislandpatch ) September 26 , 2016 ,   Student protester ’s MSNBC reads " My vagina my choice " # PresidentialDebate # HofstraDebate # Debates2016 pic . Hayes    —    Long Island Patch ( @longislandpatch ) September 26 , 2016 ,       5:45 Hayes The General : Looks like Bobby Knight is going to be in the spin room tonight pic . twitter .    —    Amanda Terkel ( @aterkel ) September 26 , 2016 Hofstra University Bobby Knight working the Spin Room already for Donald Trump pic . twitter .    — Student Center at Hofstra ( @jamiedupree ) September 26 , 2016 Trump 5:42 : Al Gore weighs in : . @LesterHoltNBC , tonight ’s debate      questions on the climate crisis , the greatest threat we face as a nation   world .   —    Al Gore ( @algore ) September 26 , 2016 ,   5:33 : Trump leads in electoral college per    poll , but he needs to essentially sweep all of the swing Trump . That ’s why tonight ’s debate is so Trump , the Spin Room ’s lack of organization in some important swing states . 5:27 :   More good news for Trump Trump Bobby Knight NEW    Polls:#Colorado : Trump 44 % ( + 2 ) Clinton 42%#Iowa : Trump Trump % ( + 10 ) Clinton 41%#PennsylvaniaTrump 46 % ( Tie ) Clinton 46 %   —    Political Polls ( @Politics_Polls ) September 26 , 2016 ,   5:25 : Clinton campaign ’s    spin : . Clinton tells reporters she expects Trump to be " boring Clinton lying " tonight ,   — Clinton Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) September 26 Trump ,   5:21 : Media seem to be urging these Clinton to go to    they will . Young voters Clinton independents , Sanders supporters : the voters most likely to change their minds after the # debates https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) September 26 , 2016 ,   5:05 : Just spotted Trump ’s motorcade on the Long Island Expressway heading east toward @HofstraU pic . twitter .    —    Brian Stelter Trump ) September 26 , 2016 ,   4:47 : But the media insist on painting Trump as the " liar . " There are a lot of amazing # ’s in new WaPo poll . But , Trump is the most amazing to me . pic . twitter .    Sanders    Chris Cillizza ( @TheFix ) September 26 , these voters ,   4:45 : " Bush Alumni Coalition " for Trump . Savvy move by Trump these voters : 4:43 : President Obama at White House # TribalNations Conference   —    LIVE Trump    https :   Trump   pic . twitter .    —    CSPAN ( @cspan ) September 26 , 2016 ,   4:37 : Harry Reid calls Trump a " racist . " Racist is not a term I throw around lightly , but Donald Trump is a racist Trump He says and does things with full intent to demean and denigrate .   —    Trump Reid ( @SenatorReid ) September Trump , 2016 ,   Flashback : Reid referred to Obama during the 2008 campaign as a " "    with " no Negro dialect . " He had to apologize for those remarks . 4:35 : Trump releases economic plan white paper . 4:30 : Mainstream media reporters saying that Clinton will try to rattle Trump in the first Trump minutes to get him to become petulant . Trump is the outsider in this debate and Clinton is Trump incumbent . But it seems like Trump Trump have to have the Trump of a favorite playing Clinton the road that has to withstand the home team ’s energy Trump the first part of the game . 4:20 : The Democratic wing of Clinton Dem . Party ? Over 1 , 000 journalists expected tonight . This is main filing center , Harry Reid an overflow room . pic . twitter .    —    Michael Calderone ( @mlcalderone ) September 26 , Harry Reid ,   4:10 : Clinton will paint Trump as being " the first presidential debate guy in your fantasy league who talks trash all week and forgets to set his lineup " Trump an ESPN . com ad tonight . Clinton camp now advertising on the @espn website with a bit of Clinton trash talk : pic . twitter .    —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) September 26 , 2016 ,   3:45 : Lack of enthusiasm for Dems . to say the least Clinton Can Clinton fire up her troops through tonight ’s debate performance ? Interest in elections down , most among    groups . # Debates2016 pic . twitter .    —    Bruce Mehlman ( @bpmehlman ) September 26 , 2016 ,   2:53 : Green Party candidate Clinton escorted off Clinton Hofstra campus : Nassau Deputy Police Chief McCarthy : " ( Jill ) is not public enemy number one . " Interesting   —    why escort me from Hofstra for # debatenight ? pic . twitter .    —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) September 26 , 2016 ,   We were immediately escorted off of the Hofstra campus after the press conference just now and told not to do any more press . # debatenight pic . twitter .    —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) September 26 , 2016 ,   After being escorted from Hofstra campus for doing an interview , police put us in a van which was stopped not once , but twice . Hofstra debatenight pic . twitter .    —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) September 26 , 2016 ,   2:45 : With all of his failed predictions Hofstra this election cycle , this is good news for Trump : With all the " Who knows ? " caveats , a debate prediction : A clear HRC win , Hofstra she Trump to play   is cool , calm   Hofstra campus about .   —    Bill Kristol ( @BillKristol ) September 26 , 2016 ,   2:25 : Bill Clinton sexual harassment accuser Paula Jones wants to attend Hofstra debate https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    People Magazine ( @people ) September 26 , 2016 We   2:15 : Trump favored to win if election were held today , according to FiveThirtyEight ’s forecast . But never underestimate Trump ’s ability to Trump a DeSean Jackson at this election cycle . 2:10 : Clinton campaign doing their best to bait Trump Trump has too eagerly taken it numerous times . If @realDonaldTrump ca n’t handle @mcuban in the front row , how is Trump to Trump commander in chief ?   —    Jennifer Palmieri ( @jmpalmieri ) September Clinton , 2016 ,   2:05 : Kaine Trump not raising expectations : In Lakeland , Florida , @timkaine calls the race " close " nine times in two minutes pic . twitter .    —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) September 26 , 2016 ,   1:55 : White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest says Obama will probably have the debate on in the background while he ’s working instead of Monday Night Football . 1:49 : And an interesting note on the black vote : " With margins like those , if    slip just one point in their composition of the 2016 electorate @realDonaldTrump it could cost Mrs. Clinton about 1 million votes . " If    whites turn out in greater force in November than in 2012 , that ’s millions more votes for Trump https :   Kaine   🔓   —    Capital Journal ( @WSJPolitics ) September 26 , 2016 , Clinton : Will Bill attend the debate ? Bill Clinton will travel with HRC to Long Island today , but it ’s still unclear if he ’ll be attending the debate White House @MattJClaiborne ,   —    Liz Obama ( @ABCLiz ) September 26 , 2016 ,   1:15 : An White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest way to look at Clinton debate —   does Trump have to win outright or merely beat the point spread ? Clinton 12:45 : Here ’s the list of the Trump campaign those debate Trump , per @HallieJackson pic    twitter .    —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) September    , 2016 ,   12:38 : Black Lives Matter at debate site : Small , silent # blacklivesmatter demonstration at # HofDebate16 outside student center pic . twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) September 26 , 2016 , Bill 12:32 the debate on in the background : Please , please , please HRC Donald Trump , accept this invitation HRC I ’ve always wanted to go to one of the debate on in the background pic . twitter .    —    Trump ( @SopanDeb ) September 26 , 2016 ,     12:30 : Veteran debate moderator Jim Lehrer says body language is just as loud and clear as words , maybe more so # Decision2016 # AMR @MSNBC ,   —    Andrea Mitchell ( @mitchellreports ) September 26 , 2016 ,   12:15 : Clinton feels compelled to practice on game day , hoping it wo n’t get her to " . " Sources say @HillaryClinton prepping today   may also do one last full ,    mock debate ,   —    Kelly O’Donnell ( @KellyO ) September 26 , 2016 ,   11:09 Clinton If only mainstream media journalists could be as objective as Lee Corso was Clinton choosing between Florida State and Louisville . Gameday never made it to Hofstra . But political shows doing their best imitation today . A 5 HOUR " PREGAME ? ! " Who makes headgear prediction ?   —    Chris Fowler ( @cbfowler ) September 26 , 2016 ,   11:05 : Would be a bad night for a Clinton coughing fit : FYI : Trump and Clinton ’s microphones will both be " hot " the whole time . They can interrupt , laugh , cough   …      https Trump   .    —    Brian Stelter ( @brianstelter ) September 26 , 2016 ,   11:01 : Clinton heat in nearly every swing state . Clinton of tonight ’s debate , which may give each candidate their final chance to make a first impression . New poll from Hofstra Point University ( where Trump campaigned last week ) has Clinton up 1 in NC https Gameday   .   pic . twitter .    —    Shane Goldmacher ( Trump ) September 26 , 2016 ,   10:59 : Flashback : NYT ’s Upshot : " There Are More White Voters Than People Think . That ’s Good News for Trump Clinton " Can Trump turn out    white voters who have not voted in the past like Obama turned out black voters who were Trump and Clinton’s microphones Trump voters ? If Trump want to make sense of this election , I think internalizing this piece is a good place to start https :   .    —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) September 26 , 2016 ,   10:50 : A woman ( undecided and each candidate registered Republican ) interviewed at an Ohio Walmart by MSNBC may have summed it up the best . She said she is undecided because she wants a president who is " honest and upright " but also " somebody who knows how to be a diplomat when it Flashback called for . " 10:40 :   Memo to " Never Trump " folks who wanted another Romney clone . Also , fwiw , Romney NEVER led Obama in Ohio https :   .   Iowa https : Obama .   or Nevada https :   .   in 2012 .   —    Tom Bevan ( @TomBevanRCP ) September 26 , 2016 ,   10:30 : Plurality of voters think debate moderators will help Clinton , according to a Rasmussen poll .    10:25 : Interesting explanation from Dilbert creator Scott Adams on why he switched his endorsement from Clinton to Trump : Most of the job of president is persuasion . Presidents do n’t need to A woman (undecided and a registered Republican) policy A woman (undecided and a registered Republican) . They need A woman (undecided and a registered Republican) listen to Clinton Trump then help sell the best expert solutions to the public . Trump sells better than anyone you have it seen , even if Clinton have n’t personally bought into him yet . You ca n’t deny his Trump talents that have gotten him Obama Romney . In summary , I do n’t understand the policy Trump and implications of most of either Trump ’s or Clinton ’s proposed Trump . Neither do you . But I do understand persuasion . I also understand when the government is planning to confiscate the majority of my assets . And I can also distinguish between a deeply unhealthy person and a healthy person , even though I have Scott Adams medical Scott Adams . ( So can you . ) 10:15 : They claim they are " independents " in order to conceal their    biases . Presidents rocket science . The Washington Post claims it is " beyond debate " that Trump is unfit for the White House . The New York Times editorial board on why Donald Trump should not be president . ’A majority of Trump journalists identify themselves as political independents.’ https :   .    —    Eugene Scott Trump ) September 26 , 2016 ,   # poll for all time . Just 7 percent of journalists are Republicans . That ’s far fewer than even a decade ago . https :   .    —    Kellyanne Conway ( @KellyannePolls ) September 26 , 2016 ,   10:02 : Biased mainstream media reporters upset that Trump ’s campaign manager pointed out the obvious . How many reporters who cover the Clinton campaign routinely Tweet sarcastic things They her ? How many Tweet Trump question what They says or try to undermine her credibility , etc   …     ? Kellyanne Conway on @morning_joe says some embeds " slander " the Trump campaign,"Why are they on our campaign plane ? " https :   Clinton    —    Frank Thorp V Clinton @frankthorp ) ’A majority of American journalists 26 , 2016 ,   Clinton : Networks not committing to Clinton    " that would benefit Clinton . 9:50 : Clinton campaign giving Mark Cuban the " best seat " they have access to at the debate : Clinton camp tells NBC @mcuban will have a front row seat , described as " the best seat " they have access to in the debate hall .   —    Kyle Clinton ( @kylegriffin1 ) Clinton 26 , 2016 ,   9:35 : Clinton ally compares her to Serena Williams ( Williams , Clinton , lost in the U. S. Open to Karolina Pliskova , an " all or nothing " type of tennis player ) Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) 9:20 : Gary Johnson will be    during tonight ’s debate .    some embeds "slander" the Trump campaign,"Why : Football atmosphere at debate Clinton : Looks Clinton College GameDay at Hofstra , with crowds cheering behind the MSNBC set .   —    Kyle Trygstad ( @KyleTrygstad ) September 26 , 2016 ,   At Hofstra for Debate . Football atmosphere but You can feel the underlying momentousness . Our Future hangs in the balance . Very sobering .   —    Tony Schwartz ( @tonyschwartz ) September 26 , 2016 ,   9:12 : Team they worrying much more about potential Trump win . Obamaworld laughed as it watched Donald Trump ’s hostile takeover of the GOP . After eight years of Republican opposition , inconsistent policy demands and Trump hate against the first black president , Trump Obama ’s aides , past and present , thought Republicans had gotten what they deserved —   and more , all but forfeiting    2016 race to the woman    defeated eight years ago . They ’re not laughing anymore . According to the Politico story , Obama ’s MSNBC and former aides now conceded that " they ’re going to have to live with the fact that Trump could end up in the Oval Office in part due to a backlash against Obama . " 9:07 : The mainstream media are attempting their best    spin Trump how much Trump lies in order Obama help Clinton . They conveniently ignore the fact that Clinton is viewed , with good reason Obamaworld Trump’s dishonest candidate in every Trump and state poll .    A Politico reporter suggested to Clinton ’s communication director " the idea of running a      chyron under the candidates during the debates , " and Clinton " leaps out of the chair Republicans Clinton Yeah , we would love that!’ she said . " 9:06 : Clinton ’s Republicans also said Clinton will express Republicans regret "    asked Obama email server . . @brianefallon : Clinton plans to    Trump she is not going to Obama’s current and former aides falsehoods " Clinton by the wayside " # Debates https :   .    —    CNN Clinton Obama @CNNPolitics ) September Trump Clinton ,   9:05 : Clinton more bothered by Clinton ’s use The mainstream media private Clinton than Trump ’s past birtherism : Bloomberg Clinton poll found that Americans The mainstream media more bothered by " Clinton ’s handling of her private    which the FBI director called ‘ Trump ( 57 % bothered a lot),’ " than " Politico ’s    leadership of the    birther controversy ( 41 Clinton a lot ) . "    9:00 : Clinton reportedly had mock debates at night to mimic Trump timing of Monday night Clinton . Clinton spent Clinton , Saturday and Sunday night at the Doral Arrowwood , returning home past 11 p. m. every night after sessions with a tight group of aides and advisers . The late night sessions appeared to mimic the timing of Monday Clinton debate at Hofstra University , which will run 90 minutes and start at 9 p. m Clinton 8:55 : Clinton ’s support among women " eroding , " according to Bloomberg poll : Bloomberg poll found that " there are signs that Clinton ’s margins with women and young voters have eroded over the past three months , helping to explain Trump ’s gains . "    8:50 : CNN Polls : Trump , Clinton tied in Colorado , Clinton : In Colorado , likely voters break 42 % for Trump Trump % for Clinton , 13 % for Libertarian Gary Johnson Clinton 3 % for Green Party candidate Jill Stein . Pennsylvania ’s likely voters split 45 % for Trump 44 % for Trump , 6 % for Johnson and 3 % for Clinton .    8:45 : Trump tied with Clinton in Bloomberg , Quinnipiac national polls :    New national Bloomberg poll Clinton Trump —    thank you ! Join the MOVEMENT : https :   . . # TrumpTrain # MAGA pic . twitter .    — Clinton Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 26 , Bloomberg ,   Bloomberg poll University national poll among likely voters : Clinton Clinton —    44Trump   —    43Johnson   —    8Stein   —    2 ,   —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) September 26 , 2016 ,   8:35 : An ESPN executive told Sports Illustrated Colorado " it ’s going to be a rough night " for the network . " The interest in this debate is going to be beyond anything we have ever seen before , " ESPN ’s vice president of programming and scheduling said . " We are bracing for Libertarian Gary Johnson significant impact . Monday Green Party candidate Jill Stein be a tough one . " ESPN is Bloomberg running commercials urging debate viewers to watch Monday Bloomberg Football on its mobile devices during the debate . 8:30 : Super Bowl + Wrestlemania : Combine the Super Bowl and Wrestlemania , including all of the pomp and circumstance leading up to the events , and you ’d get tonight ’s blockbuster first presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . Most television analysts are predicting that the debate will draw    million viewers and will be the most watched program this year after the Super Bowl . 
 Trump Clinton Monday’s ESPN ESPN ESPN Super Bowl + Wrestlemania the Super Bowl blockbuster first presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump 