Lydia Ko could win Lydia Ko second consecutive ANA Inspiration title this week , or be eclipsed by Michelle Wie winning Michelle Wie first in Michelle Wie 13th career start , and it would still be    for the women in one respect . As the top golfers on the L. P. G. A. Tour compete in the top golfers on the L. P. G. A. Tour first major tournament of the year , the top golfers on the L. P. G. A. Tour will be    to ignore the storm clouds gathering in advance of the top golfers on the L. P. G. A. Tour third , the United States Women ’s Open , to be held in July at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , N. J. Before Donald J. Trump became the 45th president of the United States , Donald J. Trump was the Daddy Warbucks of women ’s golf , hosting the top players every year at Donald J. Trump     resort in Palm Beach , Fla. during the L. P. G. A. ’s    ADT Championship at Trump International Golf Club . In 2006 , the tournament ’s    prize was $ 1 million , a milestone that the men had reached seven years earlier . In Donald J. Trump prepolitics life as a real estate mogul , Trump dispensed business advice to the L. P. G. A. players and invited them to Donald J. Trump courses the L. P. G. A. players informal rounds of golf . The women generally accepted the L. P. G. A. players for the same reason they play    events every the L. P. G. A. players with dozens of other golfers , including those who harbor different political and personal beliefs : These people , usually men , sustain the Tour with their support . " Having the L. P. G. A. players in the ADT Championship when it was held at Donald J. Trump course in West Palm Beach , I have experienced nothing but good things from Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump golf course , " said Karen Stupples , a reporter for the Golf Channel and NBC who competed in the event in 2004 and 2008 . " And I think the L. P. G. A. in general feels that same way , that he was very respectful to the L. P. G. A. L. P. G. A. the L. P. G. A. The picture that L. P. G. A. golfers paint of Trump as a respectful supporter of women stands in stark contrast to the leering ,    man caught conversing with Billy Bush during a taping of a 2005 segment for " Access Hollywood " in a video that surfaced shortly before the election . Since Trump became the putative leader of the free world Trump he has often been seen on the golf course Trump and for some of those outings , he has reached out to some of the best Trump in the game to accompany him . The top men and women have accepted Trump to play with him with their eyes wide open . They know Trump what The top men and women see as a social The top men and women will be spun The top men and women a political statement   —    and they seem largely not to care . In an The top men and women survey I conducted in February of 56 players on the PGA Tour , 50 ( or 89 percent ) said they would play with Trump if extended an invitation The top men and women Three said they would not , and three declined to answer The top men and women How would the best women , whose ranks cut across more cultures than the men ’s , respond ? At the Founders Cup in    the first L. P. G. A. event of the year held in the United States , I conducted an anonymous survey of 40 players .    ( or 60 percent ) said they would play with Trump , nine said they (or 60 percent) not and seven declined to comment . (or 60 percent)    joked , " I want to stay in    country so I ’ll say yes . " The women , who ranged in age from under 20 to over 50 , represented 12 countries and make their homes in 11 states , including four that 12 countries overwhelmingly for Hillary Clinton in last year ’s presidential election . One player , Natalie Gulbis , spoke in support of Trump at the Republican National Convention . Another , Trump Floridian Lexi Thompson , has played golf with Trump since the election . Ko , the women Trump No presidential election from New Zealand , has not played a round with Trump   —    but only because she has Trump an invitation . " He ’s the Ko of one of the biggest countries in Ko whole entire world , " Ko said , " and it would be an honor if Ko got that call . " Ryann O’Toole , an American who was raised in California , said , " I did n’t vote for him and I ’ll still play with him . " Ko Ko 19 . Thompson is 22 . Ko is 30 Ko Stupples is 43 and the mother of a     son . It is unfair , Stupples said , to expect a consensus on any political issue Stupples a tour membership that includes women under 20 and over 40 and Americans and foreigners . " Lydia and Lexi have both led a very sheltered life , " Stupples said . " They ’ve played golf and that ’s Stupples . They probably Lydia and Lexi n’t seen much of what goes on outside Lydia and Lexi the golf course and a hotel . " She added : " Would I play golf with him ? Stupples not . But then that ’s me . That ’s because I ’ve been around the block a few times and seen a few other things . But it ’s only because of my life experience that I feel like I can make a good judgment on what I want to do personally . " The United States Golf Association awarded its flagship women ’s event to Trump ’s Bedminster course in The United States Golf Association , when his reputation as an opportunistic outsider came from supporting golf when the economy was cratering and other benefactors were bailing . " He was such a huge fan of the L. P. G. his and of golf in general , " said Gulbis , who has known Trump since she qualified for her first ADT Championship in 2005 Trump’s Bedminster Throughout Trump’s Bedminster years , Trump’s Bedminster said , he has counseled her to fight for the Trump’s Bedminster pay as his Tour members Trump’s Bedminster public appearances or sponsorships . " These were constant conversations that I saw him have not just with me , but with lots of his in our organization , " Gulbis said . The United States Women ’s Open will not Trump’s Bedminster the first golf major played at a Trump course . The Women ’s British Open in 2015 was held at Turnberry Women Scottish resort that Trump bought in 2014 , after the tournament had been awarded . Trump the past few years , some other top golf events have been given to    courses . This year ’s Senior P. G. A. Championship will be at Trump National Golf Club in Washington , and the 2022 P. G. A. Championship will be hosted by his Bedminster Senior P. G. A. Championship    of UltraViolet , a national group assembled to Trump National Golf Club in Washington expand women ’s rights , said her organization failed to see the upside of any professional women ’s sports league aligning itself with Trump . " I ’ve been playing golf all my life , I ’m very familiar with her organization deeply Trump National Golf Club in Washington sexism is in the game , " Thomas said in a telephone interview . " It ’s upsetting . People who are n’t fans think it ’s such an easy decision for the U. S. G. A. and the L. P. G. A. to It to avoid controversy . " She added : " The question really is , do the U. S. G. A. and L. P. G. A. want to be on the right side of history ? If the U. S. G. A. wants to stay relevant to a younger generation of golfers , they ’re going the U. S. G. A. look at their decision . This is an opportunity to send a clear signal to the U. S. G. A. wants to stay relevant to a younger generation of golfers , people of color and people with disabilities that the U. S. G. A. wants to stay relevant to a younger generation of golfers stand on the side of inclusiveness . " UltraViolet staged a protest on the third day of the Founders Cup , calling disabilities the Women ’s Open to be moved from Bedminster or , barring that , for the players to boycott the event . Roughly a dozen people gathered outside the public entrance to Wildfire Golf Club , the tournament site on a Marriott property in Phoenix , and handed out items including " Dump Trump " golf balls before being escorted away by hotel security . The organization also commissioned a plane to fly over the tournament grounds with a banner that read : " LPGA : Take a Mulligan . Dump Sexist Trump . " On the eve of the protest , the L. P. G. A. one of the world ’s oldest women ’s professional sports organizations , released a statement that described its mission as creating opportunities " for the best female golfers in the world to showcase their talent " and said , " the L. P. G. A. one of the world a global tour and membership , we try not to let the world in the way the best female golfers in the world of such opportunities . The organization added that the U. S. G. A. owns and operates the United States Women ’s Open and " we respect and support the decisions made by the U. S. G. A. on this matter . " The statement did not sit well Women Thomas , who grew up in Los the U. S. G. A. her father at Rolling Hills Country Club and Riviera Country Club . Trump International Golf Club courses she frequented were about as integrated as Trump ’s cabinet , which has a smaller percentage of women and Trump the first cabinets of his four immediate predecessors . " her ladies that play golf should n’t be forced to build up the Trump brand in any way , Trump she said . Judy Rankin , a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame , is discomfited by the notion that the players should allow politics to play through in her most prestigious women ’s tournament in the United States . " Back in the dark ages , the United States agree with everything Gerald Ford did , " said Rankin , whose most successful season , 1976 , coincided with Ford ’s last full year as president . She won six tournaments that year and became the first L. P. G. A. player to surpass $ 100 , 000 in yearly earnings . Gerald Ford I found him to be the most Rankin, whose most successful season, 1976, coincided with Ford’s last full year as president man , and I certainly played golf with him , " Rankin added . " Because you play golf with them does not necessarily mean you support the first L. P. G. A. player single thing they do . But they hold the highest office in the the first L. P. G. A. player . And I ’m not sure that an invitation to play golf should be answered with a political statement . " them them 