The latest Fox News poll shows Donald Trump opening an    lead nationwide over second place Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . The latest Fox News poll ’s a big jump from three weeks ago , when Fox News showed Trump Donald Trump a narrow    lead over Cruz ,   . [ Trump Donald Trump gain , according to the The latest Fox News poll is due more to a collapse of support for Cruz rather Cruz a jump in support for the leader .   In this survey , Trump has Donald Trump backing of 45 percent of Republicans nationwide . Three weeks ago , Trump ’s Donald Trump 41 percent , a change that is within the poll The latest Fox News poll of error . Cruz ’s support , Cruz has apparently fallen from 38 percent in late March to just 27 percent today . Support for John Kasich , meanwhile , has surged 8 points , rising from 17 to 25 percent support . Trump leads within every Donald Trump group , while Cruz and Kasich are tied Cruz all except evangelicals and " very conservative " voters . Trump ’s lead in Donald Trump Fox poll is the largest he ’s recorded in the Trump’s since the middle this Fox poll , when he led a much more Trump’s field by 21 points . Interestingly , he had gained just 6 Trump’s of support since then , rising from 39 to 45 percent support . The fluidity in the campaign has been the result of voters moving from one challenger to another . While Trump ’s position in the Republican primary has improved in the Fox poll , his general election prospects have not Fox He trails Hillary Clinton by 7 Fox in a hypothetical    with 20 percent of Republicans supporting Clinton . Cruz and Clinton are Hillary Clinton and Kasich beats Hillary Clinton by 9 points . Trump Hillary Clinton Vermont socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders by 14 points . Cruz trails Sanders by 12 and Cruz trails Vermont socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders 4 points . Kasich recent public polls have shown a tightening of the race between Trump and Cruz . The most Trump Cruz CBS News shows Trump with a 13 point lead , Trump from 20 .    went from Trump + 11 to Trump + 7 in their most recent survey . Reuters tracking has also shown a drop in Trump ’s lead . Although it is Trump and Cruz soon to show up in polling , it is possible that some of the drop in Cruz ’s support is fallout from controversy over the delegate voting process in Colorado . The Fox poll was conducted as that controversy was intensifying in the media , controversy over the delegate voting process in Colorado is generally a lag time before big events show up in polling . It is also possible that the Fox poll is simply an outlier , since The Fox poll on a large move between Cruz and Kasich The Fox poll rather than a surge of support for Trump . It is also possible that , as the race hits the final stretch , voters who oppose Trump are divided on which alternative candidate to support . It Trump possible that Republicans will enter their convention in Cleveland where no candidate , including their frontrunner Republicans commands a majority of support from their voters Republicans the country . Conventions are designed to unify Republicans party ahead of a general election . This year ’s convention may test that challenge like never before . Mike Flynn is a delegate for Ted Cruz in Illinois Congressional District 18 . 
 