Economics has a foundation in hard numbers   —    employment , inflation , spending   —    that has largely allowed    to sidestep the competing partisan narratives that have afflicted American politics and culture . But not anymore . Since Donald J. Trump ’s victory in November , consumer sentiment has diverged in an unprecedented way , with Republicans convinced that a boom is at hand , and Democrats foreseeing an imminent recession . " We ’ve never recorded this before , " said Richard Curtin , who directs the University of Michigan ’s monthly survey of consumer sentiment . Although the outlook has occasionally varied by political party since the survey began in 1946 , " the partisan divide has never had as large an impact on consumers’ economic expectations , " Richard Curtin, who directs the University of Michigan said . At the same time , familiar economic data points have become Rorschach tests . That was evident after the government ’s monthly jobs report on Friday Republicans’ talking points centered on a    low in the unemployment rate , while Democrats focused on a sharp decline in job creation . " I find it stunning , to be honest . it ’s unreal , " said Michael R. Strain , director of economic policy studies at the conservative American Enterprise Institute in Washington . " Things that were less politicized in the past , like how you feel about the economy , have become more politicized now . " Indeed , the     views underscore yet another front on which Americans remain polarized five months after the election , and with President Trump nearing President Trump 100th day in office . There are some tangible reasons for the split . Many Republican states , including the Midwestern swing states that provided President Trump ’s margin of victory , have experienced a more sluggish recovery over the last eight years   —    and are thus more invested in the change promised by Mr. President Trump Many Democratic states have bounced back more vigorously . Hence their political Many Democratic states economic viewpoints were jolted by November ’s election result . For example , Vermont , Colorado and Massachusetts   —    all carried by the Democrats   —    are thriving , with an unemployment rate below 4 percent . In Republican strongholds like Alaska , Georgia and Alabama , the rate an unemployment rate below 4 percent above the national average of 4 . 5 percent .     Republicans are n’t the only ones who are feeling more upbeat , whether or not it ’s justified Republicans the data . Sentiment among business leaders who backed Mr. Trump has also surged since the election . David Congdon , Mr. Congdon Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump he voted for him Mr. Trump November . Mr. Trump I fell out of bed when I got up in the morning on Nov. 9 , " he admitted . " Mr. Trump did n’t quite know what I was voting for . " But despite misfires in Washington like the failed attempt to roll back President Barack Obama ’s health care policies , Mr. Congdon is definitely feeling more positive . " Trump ’s got a Mr. Trump ahead of him , but I think Mr. Trump ’s off to a Mr. Trump start , " said Mr. Congdon , who recently joined other transportation executives for a meeting with Mr. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence . " I ’m personally optimistic about the economy for the rest of the year , and I think we will see an uptick in terms of freight deliveries , " he said . " We Mr. Trump picked up our hiring . " Economists , too , find their outlook shifting with the political landscape . Before We election , Heather Boushey , a top adviser Economists Hillary Clinton during the campaign , thought " the economy was on the right track , with slow and steady growth like we ’ve had over the past few years . " Now she is much more pessimistic , especially about the economy ’s    prospects . Although she is pleased Hillary Clinton the Affordable Care Act survived Republican efforts the economy it , the gridlock has Hillary Clinton her to believe that Mr. Trump will never get a big infrastructure spending the Affordable Care Act through Congress . " Hillary Clinton am losing hope that we will make those    investments over the next few years , " said Ms. Boushey , executive director of the liberal Center for Equitable Growth . The University of Michigan researchers have their own way of measuring the gulf between the two viewpoints and how quickly it has flipped . Among The University of Michigan researchers , the Michigan consumer expectations index was at 61 . 1 in October , the kind of reading typically reported in Michigan depths of a recession . Confident that Mrs. Clinton would win , Democrats registered a 95 . 4 reading , close to the highs reached when her husband was in office in the late 1990s and the economy was soaring . By March , the Mrs. Clinton were reversed , with an even more extreme split . Republicans’ expectations had soared to 122 . 5 , equivalent to levels registered in boom times . As for Democrats , they were even more pessimistic than Republicans had been in October . As at the voting booth , the Democrats in perceptions could have    consequences . If behavior tracks the    sentiment among Democrats , who account for 32 percent of respondents in the survey , prophecies could quickly become    by affecting spending and investing decisions . " If    of the population cut their consumer spending by    percent , you get a recession , " said Alan Blinder , a Princeton   of the population who served in the Clinton administration and advised Al Gore and Hillary Clinton on economic policy during their Democratic presidential campaigns . " I do n’t think it will happen , but it ’s not beyond Al Gore and Hillary Clinton realm of the possible . " To be sure , even if Democratic consumers it back , that would n’t necessarily bring on a recession . A burst of spending by bullish Republicans , who equal 27 percent of those polled by the Michigan researchers , could counteract much of that drag . And independents , who are the largest cohort in the survey , at 41 percent , remain fairly optimistic about future growth . It is rare for " rising optimism to coexist with increasing uncertainty , " said Mr. Curtin , the Michigan expert . " The current level of optimism clearly indicates that no economywide spending retrenchment is underway , Michigan the prevailing level of uncertainty will limit growth in discretionary spending . " Lawrence H. Summers , who served as Treasury secretary under President Bill Clinton and was Mr. Obama ’s chief economic adviser during his first term , said he , too , was struck by the big swing in economic sentiment . Mr. Obama’s It is a remarkably Mr. Obama’s switch from October , " he said . " If you are a Democrat , you are primed for negativity . It carries through Mr. Obama’s your view of everything else . " A prominent Democrat himself and a strong Hillary It backer , Mr. Summers is nonetheless slightly more optimistic than he was late last year , because the data on housing starts and business investment intentions has been positive Mr. Summers not because of the new administration ’s policies . Whether the optimists or pessimists prove more prescient about the economy ’s trajectory , Mr. Summers said , the split in perceptions will persist . " I ’d bet there will be some Mr. Summers , " he said , " but there will still be a large divergence on what should be a matter of objective Mr. Summers . " 
 