Future Celebrity Apprentice host Arnold Schwarzenegger defended Donald Trump ’s executive producer title and said Future Celebrity Apprentice host Arnold Schwarzenegger wants the    to be a guest adviser . [ " I think that I knew that from the beginning that Future Celebrity Apprentice host Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s an executive producer on the show , " Future Celebrity Apprentice host Arnold Schwarzenegger said of Donald Trump’s during a press conference on Friday , US Weekly reports .   " It was on the credit when you watch the show , and I watched , I would say , probably 60 percent of all the shows before I took on this challenge [ as host ] so it ’s no different than when I was running for governor and I became governor , " Future Celebrity Apprentice host Arnold Schwarzenegger continued . " My the credit said Future Celebrity Apprentice host Arnold Schwarzenegger and everything stayed the same and I continued getting royalties and all that stuff . " Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks confirmed in a statement to Variety Thursday that the former reality TV     will retain his title as an executive Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks of the NBC    show he had hosted since 2004 Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks " Mr. Trump has a big stake in the show and conceived of it with Mark Burnett , a big stake in the show Hicks said , adding that additional details regarding his business interests will be Mr. Trump December 15 . As for Trump ’s exact role on Mr. Trump , Schwarzenegger was clear the show    can not run the country and host a reality TV show   —    but he ’s open to Trump appearing on Schwarzenegger show if Mr. Trump has time . the show do n’t Schwarzenegger that he is going to be cohosting with me Schwarzenegger even though maybe it ’d be Schwarzenegger to have him as he is going to be cohosting with me guest advisor or something like Schwarzenegger if he has the time , " Schwarzenegger said Schwarzenegger " I do n’t know if he has time or not . " Schwarzenegger Schwarzenegger praised Trump for building a successful Schwarzenegger . " It was big shoes to fill because inevitably when you have a season that is going on for 15 times , 15 seasons , you have a great show , " he said of the    show , adding Schwarzenegger You have a successful show , you have great performances , great stars and all this stuff , so he did a great job and that ’s Schwarzenegger I was attracted to the show and I watched the show myself . So a successful show am the new boss a successful show the new host , and I hope that , you know , I can match up to what he has done and continue on with a Schwarzenegger successful show . When Celebrity Apprentice returns on January 2 , audiences tuning in will reportedly see Trump ’s name in the credits after executive producer Mark Burnett ’s name and just before Schwarzenegger ’s .    Trump will be paid an undisclosed fee per episode by MGM , which Trump’s the    program . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson . 
 