According to The Independent Journal ’s congressional reporter Joe Perticone , the man holding the camera in the video below is a journalist . The Independent Journal’s congressional reporter Joe Perticone writes , " Secret Service agent choke slams reporter . " the video below does n’t show that [ updated ] Videos added below appear to show the slams reporter bumping up against the Secret Service agent saying " f*ck you " before the agent Secret Service agent to the Secret Service agent . From the ground , you the ground the reporter kicking the slams reporter Secret Service agent defensive position .   Nevertheless , once whatever happened between the two men is over , and both are standing , watch the reporter suddenly reach out and slams reporter Secret Service agent ’s throat .   —    Secret Service agent choke slams reporter pic . twitter .    —    Joe Perticone ( @JoePerticone ) February 29 , 2016 ,    —    Reporter at Trump Rally accuses SS agent of choking him . pic . twitter .    — SS agent Jacqueline Alemany ( @JaxAlemany ) February 29 , 2016 ,    —    ADDED : Additionally , the video below shows a chest bump between the agent and the Time reporter . Perticone reports that things got physical after the Time reporter said " fuck you " the Time reporter Service agent .   —    Here ’s moments prior . The reporter says " f*ck you "   —    the Time reporter when it got physical pic . twitter .    —    Joe the Time reporter ( @JoePerticone ) February 29 , 2016 ,    —    ADDED : Here is video of the actual takedown , which , according to Perticone , happened after what looks like a chest bump and the reporter telling the agent , " f*ck you . " the Time reporter that this the Secret Service agent Donald Trump ’s Monday afternoon campaign rally in Virginia . CNN reports that the reporter is Time photographer Chris Morris , who claims he was the Time reporter first " and that he will not press charges the Time reporter   —    Time photographer Chris Morris the Time reporter @Acosta @KristenhCNN he was assaulted first , he never hit the agent ,   wo the Time reporter press charges ,   the Time reporter    Noah Gray CNN ( @NoahGrayCNN ) February 29 , 2016 ,    —    ADDED : Perticone is now calling my    " misleading . " But his tweet is misleading . His own video ( third one above ) the Time reporter what looks like the the Time reporter intentionally bumping up against the Secret Service agent and saying " f*ck you " before the   . the agent settled down and appear over , the reporter grabs the the Secret Service throat . The entire altercation is captured above on the four the reporter This the agent misleading . First example of violence came from the officer . I know , it ’s my video https :   .    —    Joe Perticone ( @JoePerticone ) February 29 , 2016 , This ADDED : The Secret Service has released a statement : ADDED : The reporter claims he grabbed the agent ’s throat to demonstrate to the agent what the agent had just done the reporter .    the reporter on Twitter the agent’s throat the agent 