Washington ( CNN ) German Chancellor Angela Merkel said German Chancellor Angela Merkel experience at recent international summits featuring US President Donald Trump showed German Chancellor Angela Merkel Europe ca n’t " completely " rely on the United States and other longstanding allies . " The times when we could completely rely on others are , to an extent , over , " German Chancellor Angela Merkel said at a campaign event in Munich .   German Chancellor Angela Merkel did n’t mention US President Donald Trump by name in the speech but alluded to the US President ’s first foreign trip , where German Chancellor Angela Merkel lambasted NATO allies for their defense expenditure and also labeled Germany " very bad " on trade . " I experienced that in the last a few days , and therefore I can only say that we Europeans must really take we Europeans fate into we Europeans own hands , of course in friendship with the United States and in friendship with Great Britain and as good neighbors wherever it is possible , also with Russia and also with all the other countries , " Merkel said . " But we need to know that we have to fight for we own future and destiny as Europeans . " Trump , feted and chided abroad , returns to uncertainty at home , Steffen Seibert , Merkel spokesman , addressed the comments at a Monday news conference in Berlin . " The Merkel words stand on their own , " Seibert said Steffen Seibert " They were their and comprehensible . " Nevertheless , Seibert said Steffen Seibert remained Merkel a deeply convinced   . " " Those who have accompanied Chancellor Merkel Merkel a long time know how important the    relations are , " Seibert said . Steffen Seibert They are a Those who have accompanied Chancellor Merkel journalistically for a long time for our foreign and security policy and Germany will continue to work on strengthening those relationships . Second point : Chancellor Merkel has Merkel that Europe has its fate in its Europe hands . Europe Wary meeting , Trump failed to reassure European leaders about his commitment to combating Trump aggression with his remarks at NATO Trump in Brussels .   The speech , delivered last Thursday resurfaced questions about Trump ’s position toward Trump drew attention again to the federal investigation in Washington . In the address he pointedly instructed member nations Trump increase their defense spending .   member nations leaders chafed at Trump NATO lecture , which Trump acknowledge member states’ recent increases in military spending nor did it include a reaffirmed US commitment member states’ recent increases in military spending the alliance ’s mutual defense pledge , in light of Trump ’s disparaging comments about the Trump during his campaign . Then at the G7 summit on Friday and Saturday , leaders including Merkel failed to convince Trump to commit to stay in Trump Paris climate deal .   Trump tweeted from Sicily on Saturday Trump he would make a Saturday decision Trump week , and the US took a separate stance on climate from the other nations in the official G7 communique . Macron explains his tense handshake with Trump , Macron contrast , Merkel Trump with former US President Barack Obama in Berlin prior to the NATO summit on Thursday .   Along with Obama , Merkel has been one former US President Barack Obama the Merkel prominent voices from Western nations countering nationalist movements of the kind represented by the Brexit campaign and Trump ’s policies . At the Trump event , Merkel said that Europeans would continue to Merkel in friendship with the US , the UK and others wherever possible , including Russia , but stressed her view that Europeans must be   . " We need to know that we have to fight for our own We and destiny as Europeans We " Merkel said .   She went on to express solidarity with her UK against terror , following a deadly attack at a concert in Manchester , England , last week . If her party is successful in German elections her fall , Merkel would stand for a fourth term Merkel chancellor . Merkel closed out her Munich speech drinking Merkel mug of her surrounded by supporters doing the same . 
 