  ( CNN ) Andrew Puzder has withdrawn as President Donald Trump ’s choice for labor secretary , a dramatic decision caused by a GOP revolt that claimed the first Cabinet nominee of the new administration . Puzder , the CEO of the company that owns the Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr. fast food chains , faced fierce opposition mostly from Democrats in part related to Carl’s Jr. position on labor issues as well as the fact that Carl’s Jr. employed an undocumented immigrant housekeeper .   But Republicans too had grown weary of the range of liabilities facing Puzder , and senior GOP officials informed the White House Tuesday night and Wednesday that Puzder lacked a viable path for confirmation . " After careful consideration and discussions with my family , I am withdrawing my nomination for Secretary of Labor , " Puzder said in a statement Wednesday afternoon . " I am honored to have been considered by President Donald Trump to lead the Department of Labor and put America ’s workers and businesses back on a path to sustainable prosperity .   " I also thank my family and my many supporters     employees , businesses , friends and people who have voiced my family and my many supporters    employees, businesses, friends and people who have voiced their praise and hopeful optimism for the policies and new thinking I would have brought to America as Secretary of Labor praise and hopeful optimism for the policies and new thinking I would have brought to America as Secretary of Labor . While I wo n’t be serving in the administration , I fully support the President and I won’t be serving in the administration highly qualified team . " The decision came as Senate Republicans told the White House he was losing support , a senior GOP source said , adding there were four firm Republican no votes and possibly up to 12 .   Scott , was one of those Republicans who planned to vote against Puzder , saying he was worried about revelations involving Puzder paying employees in cash and Puzder nominee ’s comments about some of the American workforce . In a statement Wednesday afternoon , Scott said he shared those concerns with Senate Scott and Tennessee ’s Lamar Alexander , chairman of the HELP Committee .   " I look forward to meeting with a new nominee to lead the Department of Labor , " Scott said in a statement . Scott Sen. Johnny Isakson , a Republican from Georgia who was one of the firm " no " votes on Puzder , offered a briefer statement . " I respect Mr. Puzder ’s decision . "   A third senator in the group , Alaska ’s Lisa Murkowski , said she respects Puzder ’s decision to A third senator in the group, Alaska’s Lisa Murkowski . Puzder This has been a difficult process for him and his family , " Puzder said Puzder   Alexander said A third senator in the group, Alaska’s Lisa Murkowski was still planning to vote Alexander favor of Puzder before he dropped out . Puzder if Alexander felt any of the concerns Alexander about Puzder were warranted , Alexendar appeared Puzder address Puzder ’s hiring of the undocumented Puzder   " He made a mistake , " Alexander Alexander . " And in my Alexander , he discovered it , he reported it Alexander he my view responsibility Alexander it my view He Alexander it . And my view ’s Alexander all my view can do with a mistake . So I evaluate him and his whole life ’s work Alexander so Alexander did n’t think that mistake should disqualify him from being a cabinet member . Alexander His team subsequently began to pull back Alexander all their plans for the confirmation process . His team was scheduled to do extensive preparation Wednesday afternoon for his confirmation hearing before the Senate on Alexander , but canceled the    " murder board " after top Republicans spoke to the White House , a source close to Puzder told CNN . Around the same Puzder , sources on Capitol Hill were told Puzder was expected to cancel his confirmation Puzder . And Puzder ’s his confirmation hearing before the Senate White House Puzder did not want to go the White House nomination if there was no clear path forward . White House press secretary Sean Spicer confirmed Puzder ’s decision , telling the White House , Puzder withdrew . " Senate Democratic Leader Alexander Schumer fanned the flames behind the opposition to Puzder in a statement Wednesday afternoon . " No Puzder how you cut it , there is no worse pick for labor secretary than Andrew Puzder , and I ’m encouraged my Republican colleagues are starting to agree , " the New York Democrat said . " He does not belong anywhere near the Labor Department , let alone at the the New York Democrat of it . Puzder ’s disdain for the American worker , the Puzder people he the Labor Department be responsible for protecting , is second to none . " Fingerpointing the New York Democrat Republicans , The fingerpointing has already begun among Republicans . GOP sources are privately pointing the Fingerpointing business groups for not giving political cover to Republicans . They say that they were swamped by labor groups and progressive forces looking to derail GOP sources , while GOP sources business community sat on the sidelines .   A source said the unions have eaten " their lunch . " " They literally were raising money in like $ 5 , the unions increments when millions were the unions spent against them , " one top GOP source says . " His entire support network made the unions TV ad that looked like a welcome video for new Hardee ’s employees , which referred to " her " and " she " while praising the boss who hired them . Everyone knew he was in her weeks ago and even his strongest supporters the unions biggest beneficiaries of His point of view as labor nominee would His open their wallets . " Ran His problems immediately , Puzder faced intense criticism since his labor nominee on December 8 . Current and former employees spoke out against him from Puzder start , and Democrats and labor activists attacked his record on worker Puzder . The fast food executive has a long history of Puzder against government regulation , a $ 15 minimum wage and the Affordable Care Act . Decades ago , Puzder ’s    Lisa Fierstein , levied charges of domestic abuse against him , which she later dropped . She also appeared in disguise on Oprah Winfrey ’s TV show Lisa Fierstein talk about domestic Lisa Fierstein in 1990 . In advance of Puzder ’s scheduled hearing , senators privately reviewed the tape . During the episode , Puzder Puzder told her , " I will see you in the gutter . This Lisa Fierstein never Puzder over Lisa Fierstein You will pay for this , " according to Politico . Senators were shown the video in the lead up to Puzder ’s nomination fight . In senators letter to senators obtained by CNN , Fierstein said Puzder accusing Puzder of abuse during a rocky marriage . Puzder has denied he Lisa Fierstein his Lisa Fierstein . That Puzder n’t been the only issue . Last Puzder , he Puzder to Puzder employed an undocumented immigrant as a housekeeper . He later said that he Puzder his wife let the housekeeper go when they learned of her Puzder status , and Puzder said his wife back taxes having employed an undocumented immigrant as a housekeeper employee and offered he and his wife help his wife legal status . Puzder ’s own employees he and his wife some of the first to cry foul his wife he was nominated . Last month , current and former workers at Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr. announced Puzder they had filed 33 state and federal complaints against their employers . Charges include wage theft , manipulated overtime current and former workers at Hardee sexual harassment and unfair labor practices . All current and former workers at Hardee complaints pertained to franchised locations that are independently operated . But the workers said they reflected poorly on a chief executive who hoped to lead the Labor Department .   current and former workers at Hardee for CKE current and former workers at Hardee said the company does not comment on pending litigation . The company also declined to comment on whether Puzder will stay CKE Restaurants CEO now that he has rescinded his nomination CKE Restaurants once called some of his Hardee ’s employees " the worst of the worst , CEO according to CEO by CNN Puzder KFile . He was Puzder criticized for past statements in support of replacing workers with robots . " They ’re always polite , they Puzder upsell , they never take a vacation , they never show up late , there ’s never a     or They age , sex They or race discrimination case , They Puzder told Business Insider in March 2016 . It took weeks for senators to get Puzder ’s financial disclosure information . He had promised to step down as CEO of the company , CKE Restaurants , if Puzder and to divest his stake in 200 companies and funds . 
 CKE Restaurants He 