New York   ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Saturday vowed to " never " drop out of the presidential race as a growing chorus of Republicans urged Donald Trump to do exactly that after sexually aggressive remarks Donald Trump made in 2005 surfaced a day earlier . The Republican nominee , eager to dispel notions of waning support , emerged from the front entrance of Trump Tower in Manhattan late Saturday afternoon to greet a throng of cheering fans after spending the day huddled with campaign advisers . For just over a minute , Donald Trump shook several hands , pumped Donald Trump fist in the air and waved to the supporters and passersby huddled on a rainy Fifth Avenue before heading back inside . Trump : It ’s okay to call my daughter a ’piece of ass’ Asked by reporters if Donald Trump planned to stay in the race , Trump answered simply : " 100 % . " But meanwhile , Trump ’s campaign Trump be deteriorating around Donald Trump as the Republican Party descended into a state of chaos . Donald Trump own running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , said Donald Trump was " offended " by Trump ’s remarks and Trump to represent Donald Trump at a political event on Saturday .   Trump apologizes for sexually aggressive Trump , The    powerful Senate Republican , John Thune , a member of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ’s inner circle , called on Trump to " withdraw " Trump let Pence top the Republican ticket . Arizona Sen. John McCain , the party ’s 2008 nominee , announced he wo n’t vote for Arizona Sen. John McCain, the party’s 2008 nominee . Vice President Joe Trump condemned Trump on Twitter : " Trump words are demeaning . Such behavior is an abuse of power . It ’s not lewd . Such behavior ’s sexual assault . Such behavior Even Trump ’s wife , Trump Trump the remarks , saying in a statement released by Trump ’s campaign , " The words Trump used are unacceptable and offensive to me . " This does not represent the Even Trump’s wife, Melania Trump that I know , " she added . " He has the heart Even Trump’s wife, Melania Trump mind of a my husband . I hope people will accept his apology , as I have , and my husband on the important issues facing our nation and the world . " ’They ca n’t make me quit’ Donald Trump , however , was unwavering . " I ’d never withdraw . I ’ve never withdrawn in my life , " Trump told The Washington Post Saturday morning . Donald Trump No , I ’m not quitting . I have tremendous support . " He also told The Wall Street Journal there my husband " zero chance I ’ll quit . " The comments suggested that Trump was eager to fully turn away from Donald Trump lewd and sexually aggressive terms he used to describe women in the 2005 my husband and instead pivot toward his political opponents , whoever they may be my husband 8 questions about the his political opponents Trump tape , " They ’re not going to make me quit his political opponents and they ca n’t make me quit , " his political opponents told the Post . He later tweeted Donald Trump " The media and Donald Trump want me out of the race so badly     I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE , WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS the race # MAGA " The interviews took place less than 24 hours after previously unaired footage surfaced of Trump bragging about being able to grope women Donald Trump trying to have sex with a married woman during a 2005 taping for " Access Hollywood . " Can Donald Trump recover from this ? In that Donald Trump Republicans have quickly condemned Trump for the comment many of them have deemed Donald Trump and " indefensible , " prompting Republicans to issue his    apology of his nearly    campaign Donald Trump But Trump Donald Trump signaled a willingness Donald Trump fight in       video Donald Trump he posted online just after midnight on Saturday , quickly turning Donald Trump apologizing to attacking Clinton for her husband ’s sex scandals . But the apology did not quell Clinton firestorm . Several Republicans , including his   apology of his nearly   campaign Mike Crapo of Idaho and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , formally pulled their support of Trump on Saturday morning . And the Republican National Committee Mike Crapo of Idaho and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire a temporary pause on its mail operations aiding Trump ’s campaign in terms of messaging to assess the Republican National Committee current situation and Trump they need to change their message on mailings and other      operations , a messaging RNC official told messaging . Republican sources say one option under consideration is ending the joint fundraising agreement between the party and Trump ’s campaign so the RNC could focus its fundraising exclusively on critical    races and encourage donors RNC opposed to Trump RNC continue to support the party . Another Republican source who deals with the Trump effort between the campaign and the GOP told CNN it ’s also under consideration to do a more formal pivot to    races . CNN ’cannot defend’ remarks , And after a campaign source told CNN that Pence decided not to attend the Wisconsin political event hosted by House Speaker CNN Ryan , Pence released a statement explaining that he was " offended " by Trump ’s remarks Pence He also noted he is looking " forward to the opportunity he has to show he is in he heart " at the debate on Sunday he Can Trump recover from this ? he As a husband and father , I was offended Trump the words and actions described by Donald Trump in the     video released yesterday , " Pence said . " I Trump condone his remarks and can not defend them . I am grateful that he has expressed remorse Trump apologized to the American people a husband and father We pray for his family Trump look forward to the opportunity he has to show what is in his Trump when he goes before the nation tomorrow Trump . " " Wisconsin is off Trump for Pence Trump a campaign source told CNN earlier Saturday , adding that the decision was made Pence the morning . The source gave no reason for the cancellation , but the Trump campaign had announced Friday a campaign source Pence would attend the event in Trump ’s stead after Ryan said he was " sickened Pence by Trump ’s comments and announced Trump would no longer attend the Ryan . RNC official calls Trump Trump ’reprehensible’ Multiple sources told Trump that Trump was asked the event in Trump come by Ryan , Trump one source said the message was delivered via Trump . Ryan declined to discuss the controversy Ryan the event Saturday , though he acknowledged " there is a bit Ryan an elephant in the room . the event in Trump and Pence spoke Saturday Ryan , according to a source familiar with the conversation . Another source said Pence told the GOP nominee that the only person who could effectively speak on the matter was Trump himself . Pence to fight back , Trump indicated he will head into the debate prepared to fight Clinton Trump and Pence the marital infidelities of her husband former Trump and Pence Bill Trump and Pence     a shift since Trump said as recently as Thursday night he would not raise Clinton issue in Sunday ’s debate . 12 times Trump Trump and Pence his ’respect’ for women , The Trump and Pence estate magnate spent the day at Trump Tower in New York doing Trump and Pence debate 12 times Trump , at which former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani was present , a source familiar with the situation told CNN . And Trump argued to the Post that he will be able to weather the comments that have come back to haunt him Trump and Pence part because Clinton , the Trump and Pence nominee , is " so bad " and " so flawed as a Trump and Pence . " " Running against her , I ca n’t say it ’d be the same if I ran against someone else , but running against her makes it a lot easier , that ’s for sure , " Trump said in the Saturday morning interview . her also ’d both the Post and the Journal that he is considering delivering remarks Saturday evening to encourage his supporters Trump address the controversy . Republicans slam Trump   — Trump but slow to pull endorsements , And he Trump said of the 2005 comments that " people Trump . They get life . " Pressed a final time Trump the Post about the possibility he could quit the race , Trump people shut the door on that option . " Zero chance . I ’ve never quit in my life , " Trump said . " I can give you my word that I ’m never leaving . " 
 Trump 