  ( CNN ) Donald Trump tweeted a picture of Donald Trump eating Kentucky Fried Chicken with a knife and a fork Monday , and Donald Trump decision to use silverware prompted jokes and mocking from Twitter users . The Republican presidential nominee was criticized for not using The Republican presidential nominee hands and made fun of for eating what is considered to be a common everyman meal on The Republican presidential nominee private jet . " Aide : Be relatable . Appeal to common voters . Trump : I ’ll eat KFC . A : Okay . T : With a knife and fork on my private jet , " one user tweeted . Politicians have long used Politicians food choices on the campaign trail to connect with voters , but Politicians attempts have sometimes backfired . This is n’t the first time for Trump . On Cinco de Mayo this year , Trump tweeted a picture of Trump eating a taco bowl at Trump Tower , proclaiming , " I love Hispanics ! " Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who ran against Trump in the 2016 primary , called Trump ’s Cinco de Mayo taco bowl tweet " insensitive " and compared de Mayo taco bowl to " eating a watermelon and saying , ’I love   . ’ " In 2011 , prior to his presidential run , Trump was called out for eating pizza with a knife and a fork during Trump meeting with former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin at Famiglia Pizzeria in Times Square . A native New Yorker , Trump felt compelled to explain Trump choice to use the plastic utensils , posting a video saying , " Frankly , it was very comfortable . Plus , this way you can take the top of the pizza off . You ’re not just eating the crust . I like not to eat the crust . " Former presidential candidate Ohio Gov. John Kasich was also mocked for eating New York City pizza with a fork while campaigning in the Empire State in March . " Look , Robin , look , look , the New York City pizza scalding hot , OK ? " Kasich Former presidential candidate Ohio Gov. John Kasich in an interview with ABC ’s Robin Roberts . " And so I used a little fork . You know what , my wife , who is on spring break with my daughters , she said my daughters ’I’m proud of you . Robin finally learned how to use a utensil properly.’ But I mean   —    not only did I eat the pizza New York City pizza had the hot sausage . It was fantastic the hot sausage " 
 