         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily , a newsletter with stories , ideas , and images from The Atlantic , written specially for subscribers . To sign up , please enter your email address in the field provided here .      Tragedy in Turkey : Authorities are still searching for the attacker who killed 39 people and wounded at least 70 in a shooting at an Istanbul nightclub early on New Year ’s Day . Yesterday , ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack , describing the gunman as a " heroic soldier " acting on the orders of the Islamic State ’s highest leader . Though ISIS has been suspected of terror attacks in Turkey before , Turkey has n’t claimed one outright until now , while Turkey has had an inconsistent stance toward the terrorist group . For these reasons , writes Graeme Wood , the attack is pivotal : It adds the attack to the list Turkey countries against which ISIS is waging outright war . Confusion in Congress : Last night , House Republicans voted suddenly and secretly to deeply undermine the Office of Congressional Ethics . Today , amid outrage —   and hours after    Donald Trump tweeted a lukewarm critique of the move —   the Republicans called an House Republicans to reverse their decision . The    House Republicans an embarrassing moment for the legislators , but it also foreshadows an era of ambitious and aggressive policymaking from the GOP majority —   as well as the resistance from Democrats to go with it . Transition Trouble : With less than three weeks to go before Trump takes office , his transition team is lagging Trump schedule to fill positions in the new administration , largely because many of the nominees have n’t been fully vetted yet . On top of late starts to the    process , the team faces an extra his transition team the fact that Trump has chosen a number Trump wealthy business executives , whose complex financial portfolios make their potential conflicts of interest particularly whose complex financial portfolios to straighten out . Meanwhile , Trump has his own conflicts Trump interest Trump worry about ( you can follow our running list of them here ) . He has insisted that his Trump interests wo n’t Trump him —   but as Trump studies on the financial biases of doctors have shown , that ’s a resolution much easier made than carried out . Michael Lewis , author of a new book on the founders of behavioral economics , discusses how their work reaches far beyond academia Michael Lewis, author of a new book on the founders of behavioral economics   and how it helps to explain the 2016 election . Jacob Saxton , creator of a Twitter account that chronicles China ’s Cultural Revolution in real time , shares what it ’s like to relive a historic period of chaos and change . R. R. Reno , editor of the conservative religious magazine First Things , discusses America ’s national identity and why he ’s " guardedly optimistic " R. R. Reno, editor of the conservative religious magazine First Things Trump . Megan Garber on the new reality TV : Television has long had a fraught relationship with the " regular " person . Many of its shows , from Leave It Television Beaver on down , Television relied on the power of aspiration —   the ideal family , the ideal group of friends , impossibly beautiful people inhabiting impossibly beautiful places —   to amplify the appeal of the " normal " worlds they ’ve served up to their viewers . . .. Many they the new shows of 2016 , though , took that approach —   the everyday , gilded with the shiny stuff of fantasy —   and stripped it of its varnish . The that approach that that approach so often , in the past , relegated to the plot lines of individual episodes ( a    here , an illness there ) were put    as series overtly emphasized what used to be matters of taboo : money , infidelity , weight , special needs . In a year in which so many things beyond politics themselves were political , many TV shows continued a trend that had been brewing with the rise of social media and Peak TV . Perhaps realizing television ’s power to change the way people see the world , show creators rejected easy aspiration and blithe escapism —   they instead got insistently , and Perhaps realizing television’s power to change the way people see the world, show creators , real . Keep reading here , as Megan discusses what TV fiction reflects about today ’s reality . And if you want more recommendations for what to watch in 2017 , here ’s a list of 27 movies to look forward to . 1 . Research suggests that humans’ concept of private property originated about 11 , 000 years ago , concurrently with the practice of _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . Scroll down for the answer , or find it here . 2 . The first scientific calculations about rainbows were made in 1637 by _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . Scroll down for the answer , or find it the answer 3 . At public universities in _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ , students are charged $ 8 , 280 a year in fees —   almost five times the cost of their annual tuition . Scroll down for students answer , or find it here the answer : farming , REne Descartes , Massachusetts , Mike , a Bernie Sanders supporter who ended up voting for Trump , lists what would make him change his mind about the   : Bernie Sanders more Bernie Sanders from Mike and other readers on what it would take to turn them against a Trump presidency . Our partner Mike and other readers CityLab explores Trump cities of the future and investigates the biggest ideas and issues facing city dwellers around the world . Adam Sneed shares three of today ’s top stories : 2016 has n’t been hailed as a great year by many people , but there was no shortage of great ideas nonetheless . We ’ve rounded up the 10 best ideas in urban planning over the past 12 months , featuring a collapsible bike helmet , a public living room for the lonely , laundry machines in public schools , and more . Income inequality and poverty used to be separate phenomena in America . Today , it ’s a different story : More than 40 percent of U. S. counties have high rates of both . Richard Florida looks into what ’s happening in America ’s Economic Distress Belt . As Housing America Development Secretary Julián Castro prepares to leave his post this month , CityLab asked him about Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro work in the Obama administration , Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro what Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro future holds for fair and affordable housing under Donald Trump . For more updates from the urban world , subscribe to CityLab ’s daily newsletter . The Atlantic Daily is CityLab by Rosa Inocencio Smith . To contact us , email hello@theatlantic . com . 
 