  ( CNN ) Former Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum made it clear Thursday night that Former Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum is not a fan of President Trump ’s repeated allegations that former President Obama wiretapped Former Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum , warning President Trump’s is only " hurting Former Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum . " The former Pennsylvania senator supported President Trump’s for president and has backed Former Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum on a variety of issues , ranging from trade and immigration to Trump President Trump’s choice for the Supreme Court .   But during an appearance on CNN ’s Erin Burnett " Outfront , " Santorum warned that Trump President Trump’s insistence on standing by his Trump’s allegations poses a problem for the President . " We ’re not in an election anymore , and it an election not his the President he the President throwing off , " Santorum Santorum . " I think it an election him the President he the President throwing off . " " In this case , he the President no opponent , " Santorum Santorum . " And who he the President hurting is not a rival , he the President hurting himself the President because he the President now the president and it does n’t matter whether he the President Barack Obama or not . People do n’t care about Barack Barack Obama . They care People one person . They care People the the president and he ’s the president president the president Santorum suggested that Trump and his administration focus instead Trump issues that have resonated with Americans , such as immigration , Obamacare , taxes and trade . " I ’d like to see the president come the president and talk about what he knows , not the president he ’s read in the president paper , " he added . " the president understand you read things in the paper , I see the paper TV . But when you ’re the president of the United States , the assumption is that you have better information than what ’s in ’The National Enquirer,’ or even ’The New York Times,’ which in some cases are very similar publications . " 
 