  ( CNN ) On the eve of Montana ’s special House election , Republican nominee Greg Gianforte got into a physical altercation with a reporter from The Guardian newspaper     an incredibly odd and potentially damaging    swerve in a race that has , of late , attracted considerable national attention and money . In audio posted by the Guardian , reporter Ben Jacobs can be heard asking Republican nominee Greg Gianforte a question about health care     in the wake of the Congressional Budget Office ’s analysis released Wednesday afternoon . Republican nominee Greg Gianforte deflects the question . reporter Ben Jacobs asks again , insistently but , at least by my ears , politely . A scuffle can be heard and then a crash . " Sick and tired of you guys , " Republican nominee Greg Gianforte can be heard saying . " Get the hell out of here . "   reporter Ben Jacobs responds : " You just    me and broke my glasses . " Republican nominee Greg Gianforte spokesman Shane Scanlon offered Gianforte spokesman Shane Scanlon own version of events in a statement released just before 9 p. m. eastern . " Tonight , as Greg was giving a separate interview in a private office , reporter Ben Jacobs entered the reporter Ben Jacobs permission , a private office a recorder in Greg ’s face , and Greg asking badgering questions , " Scanlon said . " Jacobs was asked to leave reporter Ben Jacobs After asking Jacobs to lower the recorder reporter Ben Jacobs Jacobs declined . Greg then reporter Ben Jacobs to grab Greg phone that was pushed in his face . Jacobs grabbed Greg ’s wrist reporter Ben Jacobs and Greg Greg’s Greg , pushing them both Greg the ground . It ’s unfortunate that this aggressive behavior from a liberal journalist created this scene at our campaign volunteer BBQ . " The police were called to the scene , and Jacobs told MSNBC this scene reporter Ben Jacobs that " I ’m going to get my elbow checked out . " Buzzfeed ’s Alexis Levinson , who was also at the event , tweeted that " Gallatin County Sherriffs now taking witness statements . "   Levinson added : " ( Gianforte ) is leaving the event without speaking . I asked his the event ( was reporter Ben Jacobs going on and ( they ) would n’t answer . " Gianforte has been charged with misdemeanor assault in relation to the incident . He ’s received a citation and is scheduled to Gianforte in Gallatin County Justice Court between now and June 7 , the sheriff ’s office said . It ’s not entirely clear what the effect of the sheriff’s office Gianforte incident will be on the election tomorrow the incident voting by mail and , as of Tuesday , more than 250 , 000 ballots had been returned , according to Michael McDonald , an associate professor at the University of Florida . ( Here ’s a link to the Montana Secretary of State ’s site . ) How many votes Montana to be cast     and how many of those voters are truly undecided and might be swayed by an episode like this     remains to be seen . And , because so many of the details are unclear at the moment , it ’s not at all certain how the story even turns out over the next 24 hours . But I will say that the audio released by the Guardian seems damning for Gianforte . And it does n’t jibe , at all , with the statement the audio released by the Guardian seems damning for Gianforte by the campaign . If Gianforte did , as Jacobs alleges , body slam a reporter Gianforte it follows on two other recent incidents in which reporters were body up for asking questions of public figures . In West Virginia , a reporter was arrested when he approached Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and began a reporter questions . Then , earlier this month in Washington , a reporter was pinned against a wall by security guards at the Federal Communications Commission when he approached FCC Commissioner Michael O’Rielly . This latest controversy could a reporter have come at a worse time for Republicans . Polling has shown the Montana special election narrowing in the race ’s final days , despite the fact that President Donald Trump carried the " Last Best Place " by 20 points in 2016 . Republicans , already on edge about the possibility of a wave forming that might endanger their House majority in 2018 , view a win in Montana as a way to settle their nerves and push back against the negative national narrative     their with the special election in Georgia ’s 6th District next month looking like a dicier proposition for the party . The allegations against Gianforte complicate what was already a     race . And are just more bad news for a Republican Party that has dealt with a whole lot of it of late . 
 a Republican Party 