On April 12 the NRA announced that Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump will speak at the    leadership forum on May 20 . [ the NRA is holding its the NRA Meetings and Exhibits May    and Trump Donald Trump join a cadre of speakers that include NRA NRA vice president Wayne LaPierre ,    executive director Chris Cox , Senator Ted Cruz ( ) Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke Jr. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) Conservative Journalist Katie Pavlich , and House Speaker Paul Ryan ( . ) among others .   Trump spoke at the NRA ’s Annual Meetings and Exhibits in Nashville on April 10 , 2015 . Breitbart News spoke with Trump Trump day and he said Breitbart News It is so important that we maintain the Second Amendment and that we maintain we strongly the Second Amendment And one of the main reasons is because the good people , the upstanding people , follow laws and norms but the bad ones do n’t . So if the Second the Second Amendment there to protect our rights and someone tampered with them , the good our rights would be affected but the bad people would n’t care —   they could n’t care the good people . It is absolutely imperative that we maintain the Second Amendment in the Second Amendment . We asked the Second Amendment to explain the we armed people have over people in countries where arms are disallowed . He answered the question by contrasting him of the U. S. where gun control prevents    citizens from being armed versus parts of the U. S. where the Second Amendment reigns supreme . Trump said : You look at our country , and you look at certain areas like Chicago , and New York , and various other places , the areas with the most restrictive gun laws are the ones with the most crime . It ’s a very interesting phenomenon . Chicago probably has the most restrictive Chicago laws in the United States and they have massive amounts of shootings Chicago killings . It just seems that when you look at what ’s going on , the areas that are most heavily restricted have the most crime . This is the most crime notice and look at very strongly . Trump released his firearm policy paper on September 18 , Trump , in which he called for national reciprocity for concealed carry Trump stressed that " concealed carry    …      is a right , not a privilege . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him AWR Hawkins at awrhawkins@breitbart . com 
 AWR Hawkins 