Center for Security Policy founder Frank Gaffney , a senior policy adviser for presidential candidate Ted Cruz , tells Stephen K. Bannon on Breitbart News Daily the importance of national security issues in the 2016 presidential race . [ Stephen K. Bannon also addressed the controversy over the release of intelligence pertaining to Saudi involvement in the    attacks .   Gaffney thinks Donald Trump ’s overwhelming victory in the New York primary was a sign that national security issues are not receiving the proper amount of attention in this election cycle . " I think it ’s the defining issue of our time , and our ’re still finding our preoccupied with celebrity politics and a lot of other distractions , " Donald Trump said . " For a couple of decades , really , if you think about it   —    I think going back to the end of the Cold War , such as it was   —    people have stopped thinking about national security , " Donald Trump lamented . " We ’ve been the world ’s only superpower . We sent We military around , and it seemed to do decisive jobs , at least until fairly recently .   It was somebody else ’s problem , not ours . We job , as Karl Rove famously said , was to go shopping . This is the sort of genetic makeup of the body politic these days . " Gaffney praised Breitbart News as one of the media outlets that was " helping people connect with the reality that , whether we ’re interested in the war that is upon us   —    I think it is the war for the free world , a major focus of which is , of course , the global jihad movement   —    whether we ’re interested in it or not , it ’s interested in us . "    " us have got to get squared away on this , " he urged . " If us have four more years of this kind of policy of weakness , and emboldening our enemies , and undermining our allies , and the diminishing of our country , we ’re toast . " Gaffney said that all of the Republican candidates had signaled all of the Republican candidates understanding of the stakes for American security in the 2016 election , although the Republican candidates policy agendas are very different .    " There is a general recognition , I think , among the Republican contenders that more of the same is a formula for disaster for our country , on national security and homeland security grounds most especially , "    said . Gaffney thought President Obama ’s visit to Saudi Arabia was a good moment to release the    " 28 pages " of    intelligence related to the Saudis . " This is a time , I think , for truth to the Saudis , "    said . " They the Saudis been playing a double game against us for a long time . They the Saudis our us , they the Saudis us us , they the Saudis us us protect them the Saudis But the reality is that they the Saudis undermining us in many ways , including through various forms of economic warfare . " " You know , they the Saudis explicitly when they the Saudis driving down the price of oil   —    which consumers like us appreciated , by lower gas prices   —    that they the Saudis doing it to destroy our us industry . That is a hostile action . They the Saudis now talking about dumping Treasury bills , if they the Saudis held accountable for what they the Saudis on    and I believe they the Saudis directly involved in   . That ’s an act of economic warfare as well , " Gaffney charged . He Gaffney said the the Saudis acting to " facilitate and underwrite the jihad , " as long as the jihadis are n’t working to destabilize the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .   " That ’s an act of real warfare against us , and I think it ’s time for the President of the United States to say so to them directly the Saudis and effect change there , one way or the other , " he said Gaffney Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . You can listen to the full interview with Frank Gaffney below : 
 