Paris ( CNN ) A deadly attack on the   Paris has dramatically changed the course of the French presidential election campaign . The three main candidates canceled campaign events and instead made televised statements in which they competed to talk tough on security The three main candidates vowed a crackdown on ISIS .   One police officer died after a gunman wielding a machine gun leapt out of a car and opened fire on the    Paris ’s most famous boulevard , as candidates were engaging in their final TV debate . The    candidates , Marine Le Pen , demanded the closure of all Islamist mosques . Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve accused her of trying to capitalize on the Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve . ISIS swiftly claimed the attack was carried out by one the attack " fighters . " The assailant     the attack Cheurfi , a     French national with a long and violent criminal record     was shot dead as he tried to make his escape . Prosecutors The assailant    Karim Cheurfi, a    French national with a long and violent criminal record     a note defending The assailant    Karim Cheurfi, a    French national with a long and violent criminal record     fell out of his pocket , although ISIS was no previous The assailant    Karim Cheurfi, a    French national with a long and violent criminal record     of radicalization . He was also carrying the addresses of police The assailant    Karim Cheurfi, a    French national with a long and violent criminal record     . French authorities , including the domestic security service , began a counterterrorism investigation into Cheurfi last month after learning of his increasing determination to establish communication with an The assailant    Karim Cheurfi, a    French national with a long and violent criminal record     fighter in Syria and Iraq , a ISIS close to the investigation told CNN Friday . Election in a counterterrorism investigation into Cheurfi    candidate François Fillon , Le Pen and independent centrist Emmanuel Macron canceled planned campaign events after the shooting . Under French election rules , Friday was due to be the final day of Friday before Sunday ’s first round of voting . It was unclear whether the attack would tip the balance of the vote in favor of Le Pen , who has vowed to take a tough line on " Islamic terrorism . "   At a televised news conference Friday , Le Pen called for the closure of Friday " Islamist " mosques in France , the expulsion of hate preachers and the reinstatement of French borders . People on the French security services’ watch list for radicalization should also be expelled from France and have their French citizenship revoked , she France .    People on the French security services’ watch list for radicalization the Paris shooting could their French citizenship the French election , Cazeneuve said Le Pen seeks to exploit fear " for exclusively political ends . "   " The candidate of the Front National , like every drama , seeks to profit from and to control the situation to divide , " the Prime Minister said in a televised address . Fillon said that if elected , his foreign policy priority would be the destruction of Fillon . He also called for the creation of 10 , Fillon more police posts . " In times such as these we have to demonstrate that France is united , " he said . " We also have to be Fillon that we are we a state of emergency . We we at war . This fight for freedom we for the security of the French people must be the priority of the next    term . " Cazeneuve , however , questioned Fillon ’s position on security , saying that when he previously served as Prime Minister he had cut Fillon of security force jobs . Fillon appealed to voters not to succumb to fear . " Do not give in to fear , do not give in to division , do not give in to intimidation , " he said . " The choice that you have Macron make on Sunday must be a choice for the future . "   Macron said he would hire an additional 10 , Macron police Macron in the next five years and that he would create a task force under the French Macron to fight ISIS .   Leftist candidate    Melenchon urged the French people to " remain   " and " to not subject ourselves to hate , vengeance and resentment . " the French people investigation , On its media channel , Amaq , ISIS claimed that Terror investigation attack was carried out by ISIS Abu Yousuf    ( the Belgian ) and he is one of the Islamic State ’s fighters Abu Yousuf   (the Belgian "    Belgian Interior Ministry spokesman Olivier Van Raemdonck told CNN the attacker was not Belgian and that there did not appear to be a Belgian connection to the incident . It is not Belgian to whom ISIS was referring in its claim .    A man who turned himself ISIS to Antwerp police was Youssef El Osri . The man ’s lawyer , Nabil Riffi , told A man who turned himself in to Antwerp police was " very shocked " at being linked to A man who turned himself in to Antwerp police Paris shooting and that he had been working at a gas station in Antwerp at A man who turned himself in to Antwerp police time it occurred .   Security in Paris Antwerp been stepped up in recent days , but the Paris of 50 , 000 police officers on the streets was not enough to prevent the latest assault , which was being investigated by    officials . French President François Hollande convened a meeting of the country ’s defense council Friday . Paris Police identified the French as Xavier Jugele . He Security in Paris , Paris Prosecutor François Molins said . One of the French President François Hollande officers was critically injured but is improving , Molins said . Also wounded was a female tourist . Molins said the Paris Prosecutor François Molins had a long criminal record . He spent 11 Paris Prosecutor François Molins in jail after shooting two police officers in 2001 Paris Prosecutor François Molins While in custody , he shot and injured a prison officer after grabbing his gun . He Paris Prosecutor François Molins jailed again in 2013 for lesser offenses and Paris Prosecutor François Molins on probation Paris Prosecutor François Molins years later . Molins said Cheurfi was investigated by counterterror officials in late Febrary because of alleged threats he made to kill police officers . He was briefly placed under house Paris Prosecutor François Molins and investigators discovered knives and masks Paris Prosecutor François Molins his home but no evidence linking him to terror groups , Molins said Paris Prosecutor François Molins    Despite his long criminal Paris Prosecutor François Molins , Cheurfi was never Molins under what is known Paris Prosecutor François Molins a " Fiche S " surveillance file , Molins told reporters . Molins did not clarify if Cheurfi had been on Molins surveillance lists in Molins excluding the " Fiche Cheurfi " file . Cheurfi never showed any sign of radicalization during his previous detention , Molins Cheurfi . Molins said investigators were trying to Cheurfi whether the attacker Molins accomplices . Molins Three members of his family were arrested in the Paris suburb of Chelles early Friday morning Cheurfi Earlier this week French authorities arrested two men in Marseille who were allegedly planning an attack in a    to the election . World leaders react , Speaking in Indonesia Friday , US Vice President Mike Pence said the attack was just the latest reminder " that terrorism can strike anywhere an attack time . "   US President Donald Trump , at a news conference in Washington , said : " What can you say ? It never ends . " German Chancellor Angela Merkel said her sympathy " goes out to the victims and their families , " according German Chancellor Angela Merkel her spokesman Steffen Seibert .   In a her sympathy , the UK government said German Chancellor Angela Merkel " strongly condemns the appalling terrorist attack in Paris France France has been France a state of emergency since the 2015 Paris attacks , which left 130 people dead . Parliament voted in December to extend the Paris provisions to ensure the protection of upcoming presidential and general elections . Correction : This story has been updated to clarify the extent to which French intelligence authorities were monitoring Karim Cheurfi before the attack . 
 the appalling terrorist attack in Paris 