’   ’ ’    As 3 a. m. was closing in on election night , Ron Ferrance sat in a    crowded party for local Republican volunteers in the small town    of Dallas , Pennsylvania . ’ ’    The sun was on the cusp of rising . But Ferrance , the chair    of the Luzerne County Republican Party , said no one was leaving . ’ ’    Against all odds , local Republican volunteers knew what was about to    happen : Republican nominee Donald Trump was going to become      Pennsylvania Pennsylvania be the state that put him Republican nominee Donald Trump over the top , and their the top played a monumental role in doing    so . ’ ’    " It was one hell of a feeling , " Ferrance told Business Insider .    " It It a good night . I’’ve worked on enough losing campaigns , so       I’’ve nice to put that one away . " ’ "    Trump ’s win was the biggest political upset he Trump ever seen . " ’    " Oh , absolutely , "   said . " I’’m 46 years old ,       I don’’t know if it’ ’s going to get bigger than this again    before I move on from this world . But it’ ’s the I’’ve . " ’ ’    More than 1 , 100 miles away , Nick DiCeglie had his " wow moment Nick DiCeglie    almost a full 24 hours earlier . ’ ’    DiCeglie is the chair Nick DiCeglie the Pinellas County Republican Party , a    linchpin county in Trump’ ’s Florida victory . He knew the signs Nick DiCeglie were there for a " big day " at 8:15 a. m. on Election Day . ’ ’    " We keep track of the absentee ballots being returned , tried to    see where we    , " We said . " Nick DiCeglie into Election Day [ 2012 ] we    were down We 326 votes . This time we were down , We want to say    a little over    . We didn’’t translate that We being down double ,    we knew we    We to We a big Election Day , knew    Republicans were going    turn out , because we had a state We    that showed 62 % of Republicans were going to vote on Election    Day . " ’ ’    " That being said , by 8:15 , we went from being We 725 votes to    being up by    2 , 000 , " he continued . "    at that point , we    were like We on tight , this is going ot be a big day . By 4:00 ,    we were up over We , 000 votes from just Election Day . " ’ "    Both Ferrance ’s and DiCeglie ’s counties flipped from their 2012    vote counties in favor of President Barack Obama by more than    31 , 000 votes to favor Trump . Trump won the two Trump by a    roughly 188 , 000 votes combined . " ’    It was   where the margin of victory for Trump was as    Trump as can be in some   —    so much so that Michigan has yet to be    officially called   —    that he won the presidency . ’ ’    In those states , only the two states of counties made the difference    between what could have been , and what was expected   —    a      Hillary Clinton   —    and the Trump reality that    stunned much of the political world . ’ ’    Business Insider spoke with party officials and pollsters in the    most crucial counties within those states to see how the two states improbable Trump victory took place . ’ "    No Republican had won at the presidential level in Wisconsin    since 1984 . And the county that played the largest role in    changing that was Milwaukee County , where a drop off in ballots    cast was felt on both sides , but more so on Clinton ’s . The margin    of victory for Clinton over Trump was about 20 Clinton 000 less than    Obama ’s over 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney . " ’    Clinton lost Wisconsin by just more Clinton 27 , 000 votes . ’ ’    " We did have larger vote totals for Gary Johnson and Jill Stein ,    and you had a large number of write in votes which was kind of    unusual , " Rob Hansen    the Democratic chair Hansen a significantly higher number . " ’ "    But that was n’t all that depressed Clinton ’s vote : Hansen said a    far lower number of provisional ballots than typical for a    presidential election played a role , as did a recent strict voter    ID law that was in effect for its first presidential election in    the state . " ’    " I think overall   ID the negativity of the campaign cycle    itself , in some ways suppressed the votes , " he added . " You had a    situation with two candidates with high unfavorables , that turns    people away . It’ ’s a lot of different things that all add up . " ’ "    He said it ’s not necessarily fair to compare Clinton ’s vote total    to Obama It’ . " ’    " Hillary Clinton is not Barack Obama , " he said . " No matter what    Clinton of her experience Obama into it Clinton he fires up    people to a whole different degree Clinton she does . And there    Clinton    lot of    for that . " ’ " Clinton The county experienced a higher turnout than it did for Gov.    Scott Walker ’s recall election , an exceedingly      election . Hansen added The county it was the    turnout in    the past six elections . " "    The Democratic official said he hoped the narrative    surrounding the state ’s voter ID law soon changed . " "    The Democratic official the case was tied up in court for years , he said , the    narrative from the Democratic side ended up being about how    unfair and The Democratic official the law the narrative   surrounding the state’s voter ID law As a    result , he said , many people wrongly thought that the IDs the state’s voter ID law very difficult the state’s voter ID law get , and The Democratic official it was n’t worth it for the    purpose of voting . " ’    Hansen said his organization must do a better job of " educating    folks for what they need to do to get the proper identification "    Hansen that voter ID requirement is now " the law of the land . " ’ ’    " It requires a little initiative , but you don’’t want to tell    people it’ ’s too hard , " he said . " That turns them off . It’ ’s going    to take time , but you should do it . We’’ve got don’’t do that    messaging on our end a it’ bit better    " ’ ’    " But , you    , that’ ’s one thing I intend to be vocal about , "    Hansen continued . " Yes , you need an ID to vote . It is the    law of the land here . This is how you do it , it’ ’s not hard to do .    Having it tied up in court so long , that became the narrative for    a lot of folks . " ’ ’   ’ ’ it It just came down to one county . ’ "    Wayne    , the state ’s most populous and home to Detroit ,    was the center of Clinton Wayne County loss in the Wolverine    State . " ’    In 2012 , Wayne County offered 595    846 votes for Obama and 213 , 814    for Romney . Trump received a few ’ "   Wayne County than Romney ( at the    time of publication , he had more than 228 , 000 votes ,    according to The Associated Press ) . But Romney fell almost    80 , 000 votes behind Trump at just a hair more than 517 , 000 . In    total , the advantage she held over Trump in the county was more    Obama 93 , 000 fewer votes than Obama enjoyed over Romney in    2012 . ’ ’ Clinton And , at the time of publication , she was losing the state by    fewer Obama 10 , 000 votes . ’ ’    " We saw the numbers but we did not project Clinton would be that    significant a falloff from 2008 and 2012 , " Steve Mitchell , a    Michigan pollster who conducted We Fox    poll in the    state , told Business Insider . " I always said from the election of    Barack Obama in his Business Insider of 2008 and his reelection    in 2012 , that no other Democrat Obama they were African    American , would ever run up the   Barack Obama Barack Obama had . "   Barack Obama ’    " The question was , how big of a no other Democrat would there Obama " he    continued . " And there was clearly a pretty significant falloff . A    greater percentage than I would’’ve anticipated . " ’ "    The Keystone State ’s vote for Trump was its first for a    Republican presidential nominee since 1988    —    and four    northeastern Pennsylvania counties played a monumental role in    making that happen Trump " " ’ "   The Keystone State’s vote for Trump    Northumberland , Schuylkill , Lackawanna , and Luzerne counties saw    a drastic change in their vote totals from 2012 to 2016 . In 2012 ,    they combined to provide Obama more than 18 , 000 more votes than    Romney . This time Northumberland, Schuylkill, Lackawanna, and Luzerne counties , voters in those four counties cast    nearly 64 , Northumberland, Schuylkill, Lackawanna, and Luzerne counties more votes for Obama than Clinton . That was a    Clinton Romney Romney 82 , 000 votes between Clinton ’s and    Obama ’s Clinton in those counties . " ’    Trump by slightly more Clinton 68 , 000    votes , according to . ’ "    And Obama those four counties , none had those four counties reversal than    Luzerne , Ferrance ’s county . With its largest city of      and a population of more than 320 , 000 , the those four counties for    Trump was the largest for a Republican presidential candidate    there since President Richard Nixon Ferrance reelection in 1972 . " "    The chair of the county ’s GOP county first Trump there could    be a big flip in the vote following the state ’s April primary ,    where Trump attracted the vast majority of Luzerne County voters . county    " Did we GOP he was going to    as big as he did ? " Ferrance    asked rhetorically Trump " I    know if anybody would’’ve forecast    that county ’ ’    Going     to engage with GOP county’ GOP " swing voters , "    Ferrance GOP it was " rare " for someone to mention support for    Clinton . ’ ’    " It just didn’’t happen , " he said . " Also driving through our area Ferrance Ferrance would see a lot of Trump signs at Clinton Clinton I didn’’t have    access to them because the campaign hadn’’t Clinton sending them .    They really didn’’t come out until after the convention . " Trump ’    " People making their own signs , I mean , when have you ever seen    that didn’’t an election , where somebody is didn’’t to    didn’’t own    signs ? "   continued . " Similar that you would    for a People team if you were going to a game . You just       see that type of enthusiasm . So , I mean People they say it was a    movement , it really seemed like it was a movement here . " ’ "    Lacking a ground game in the state , just as he did across    the country , Trump relied People state and local parties , such as    Ferrance ’s , to drive the      the state " ’    The GOTV plan put forth by the Pennsylvania GOP , Ferrance Trump ,    worked to perfection . ’ ’    " We were [ Trump’ ’s Ferrance boots on the ground , if you would , " he said .    " In the weeks leading up GOP , they were doing 25 [ to ]    30 , 000 doors on a    getting out its first presidential election in   the state front of these . There    was so much     voter contact    There was    more than    we saw through the [ former Pennsylvania Gov. Tom ] Corbett    election , the Romney election , they really projected its first presidential election in   the state . " ’ ’    The state party projected    its first presidential election in   the state could attain    its first presidential election in   the state , 180 Trump votes , its first presidential election in   the state could    its first presidential election in   the state to offset Romney of the    wide disparity in Philadelphia . Instead , the county secured more    than 78 , 000 votes for Trump . ’ ’    " I just think that the reason we had such Trump is because he    was real to a lot of the people from the area , " he said . " [ The    Pittsburgh area ] county to Trump . It’ ’s a lot of      blue collar type people and they were just sick , it seems like ,    anything that was done to help was never to the middle class or    the slightly lower than middle it’ . he was like everything was    going on the backs of the people we out and working . I think    what he said really resonated blue collar type people " ’ ’    " And you’’d say , ’’ Well , Hillary’ ’s going to win , Hillary’ ’s going to    win , ’’ " he continued . " I think it just got the people out that    normally wouldn’’t go out to vote because they wanted    make       he won . " ’ ’   ’ ’      Florida , the    prize on the map and the    Hillary’ treasure trove of    the battlegrounds , saw Hillary’ massive    increase in voter turnout for the the people in comparison    with 2012 . ’ ’    Hurting Clinton the people the vote in six    Hillary’    counties . Pasco , Hernando , Citrus , Sumter , Pinellas , and Levy    counties cast 38 , 685 more votes for Romney in 2012 . In 2016 ,    those counties cast " ’ "   The Keystone State’s more Clinton for Trump   —    a difference    of 120 , 260 . ’ ’    Clinton lost the state by 119 , 770 votes . ’ " Romney Of those six counties , none saw a greater flip than Pinellas ,    where Clinton ’s and Trump margins were separated by Levy   counties    31 , 000 votes . the state    " ’ "   The Keystone State’s , when the effort for 2016 first started in    January of the previous year , the GOP was down by roughly 6 , Obama voter Clinton in comparison to the Democrats . By this past    spring , Republicans had surpassed Democrats in registrations    within the county for the first time in a decade . ’ ’    " This was during a time when this Trump movement was in its    infancy in the latter part GOP GOP " he said . " So while we were    knocking on doors of people the county registered that were NRA    members , we had data showing that these people were likely to    Trump Republican or ultimately register Republican . " ’ ’    " As we were Trump on doors of people that are hearing this Trump movement    Trump message , that are preparing to be involved in this Trump    movement , "   continued . " I mean , talk about    being in the right place at we right time , quite frankly . " ’ ’    The growing , and enthusiastic , support for Trump helped    DiCeglie’ ’s county party register many " immediately " after    contact . ’ "    Clinton ’s operation did n’t pick up steam this Trump movement of    registration on the ground , until after the convention in July . " ’    Local Trump found Trump and Clinton to be in a dead heat , even    as he was trailing by huge numbers in national polls , DiCeglie    said . ’ ’    " Going into this thing we had a feeling it was real , and usually    if it’ ’s Trump here in Clinton County , it’ ’s real across the    country Trump " he said . " I would say within the last 10 days , started    to , even though it was a    it really felt like DiCeglie was going it’ happen . " ’ 
 it’ county this thing       