The number of police officers killed by gunfire on duty has doubled this year , even as President Barack Obama hinted racism on the part of state and local police officers may contribute to the deaths of    civilians during stressful confrontations . [ So far , 32 cops and correctional officers have been killed by gunfire in 2016 . the deaths of   civilians during stressful confrontations include at least eight killed in    attacks by    political radicals .    That ’s up from a total of 16 dead in 2015 , according to the Officer Down Memorial Page . The site tracks police and correctional officers killed in routine crime , accidents , and in      attacks , such as the July 7 killing of five cops in Dallas . The latest casualty in what some critics say is a " War on Cops " was Captain Dave Melton , who was shot and killed July 9 while searching for a suspect in Kansas City . The gunman escaped .   After the shocking July 7 Dallas Dallas , Obama increased his Obama support for the police , although he Obama insisted that the nation ’s    system is racist . We ’re here to honor the memory , and mourn the loss , of five fellow Americans   —    to grieve with their loved ones , to support this community , to pray for the wounded , and to try and find some meaning amidst our We    …      [ but ] with an open heart , police departments will acknowledge that , just like the rest of us We they police departments not perfect that insisting we We better to root out racial bias is not an attack on cops , but an effort to live up to our We ideals . Since the killing of three more cops in Baton Rouge , Obama has dropped his Obama of police , and has vehemently asked his Obama in the Black Lives Matter to stop violence and hateful rhetoric . " I condemn , in the strongest sense of the word , the attack on law enforcement in Baton Baton Rouge " said Obama ’s Obama statement , which was targeted to his radical Obama , including those in the Black Lives Matter movement . These are attacks on public servants , on the rule of law , and on civilized society , and they have These stop    …      there is no justification for violence against law enforcement .   None .   These attacks are the work of cowards who speak for no one .   They right These attacks wrongs .   They advance These attacks causes .   The officers in Baton Rouge the officers in Dallas   —    they were The officers in Baton Rouge the officers in Dallas  —    fellow Americans , part of our community our part of our country , with people who loved and needed them , The officers in Baton Rouge the officers in Dallas  —    who need us now our —    all of us   our    to be at our best our Obama ’s appeal to the Black Lives Matter movement for peace comes amid growing public worry about escalating crime and violence during the    to the 2016 election . That public worry may translate into greater support for Donald Trump , who has repeatedly emphasized his support for cops .   Obama began Obama up his criticism Obama police just before the 2014 the 2016 election a policeman shot an    youth in Ferguson , Mo. who was attacking him . Obama the subsequent election , GOP legislators won control of the Senate , prompting Obama to Obama his loss Obama poor turnout by   . Amid Obama ’s Obama of police , hundreds of Americans have been killed by a rising murder rate . In this election year , Obama has Obama stepped up his criticism Obama police . He ’s Obama a plan to effectively federal state and local police forces , and is working closely with Blacks Lives Matter advocates and other    advocates , such as Al Sharpton , to urge greater political action by   . The 2016 toll of 32 dead cops does not include wounded cops who survived shootings . For example , the July 17 attack on police in Baton Rouge by a black militant killed three police and wounded and additional three . In Dallas , seven police were wounded and survived the    attack by the July 17 attack on police in Baton Rouge by a black militant states have been shot and wounded in    attacks since the Dallas attack , including in Georgia , Tennessee and Missouri Dallas   The doubling of police deaths stands in contrast to a seven percent drop in    deaths , down to 26 in 2016 . 
 