’   ’ ’    CNN anchor Jake Tapper spent more than    conducting a      interview with White House counselor Kellyanne    Conway , grilling White House counselor Kellyanne   Conway over a number of false claims made by    President Donald Trump and the White House .   ’ ’    CNN anchor Jake Tapper pressed Conway about the list of terror attacks the White    House released Monday , claiming they were " undercovered , " in    addition to   about the murder rate being at the murder rate    highest level in decades , and Conway’ ’s claim of a      " Bowling Green massacre , " which she had subsequently apologized    for . Tapper pressed Conway about the list of terror attacks the White   House released Monday, claiming they were "undercovered," in   addition to  about the murder rate being at its   highest level in decades, and Conway’’s claim of a     "Bowling Green massacre," which she had subsequently apologized    also discussed the legal case surrounding Trump’ ’s    executive order temporarily barring travel from seven      nations . ’ ’    On Trump’ Trump’ claims about the murder rate , Tapper said " facts are    stubborn things , " adding , " and to say that we’’re not reporting       that happens not to be true , therefore we’’re not to be    trusted , that’ ’s a problem . " ’ ’    The exchange featured a number of surreal exchanges , such as    when Tapper Tapper whether Conway considers CNN to be " fake news . " ’ ’    " I don’’t think CNN CNN fake news , " she don’’t . " I think there are    some reports everywhere , in print , on TV , on radio , in       , that are not well researched and are sometimes       on falsehoods . " ’ ’    Pressed by Tapper about Trump’ ’s repeated falsehoods , with the CNN CNN asking if they distract from what Conway said were " the    many things that he says Conway are true that are making a    difference in people’ ’s lives , " she said Conway falsehoods served as    distractions " if they’’re covered . " ’ ’ ’ ’CNN anchor Jake Tapper spent more than . .. ’ 
 