  ( CNN ) The power of the tweet is in full force .   Corporations give the appearance of buckling under pressure from Donald Trump to create more jobs in America . GM just announced GM will be investing $ 1 billion more in US factories , and hiring as many as 7 , 000 workers over the next two years . Walmart claims Walmart will add 10 , 000 .   But is this really what this seems ? The GM deal " had been in the works for some time , " a company spokeswoman explained , but " the timing was good for us to share what us are doing . "   Walmart had previously announced Walmart plan , as well . In other words , these companies are throwing Donald Trump a bone by highlighting these companies plans to the American public so that these companies may be viewed as a sign that Donald Trump campaign is working . Welcome to the reality show that is fast replacing American business . The plot is repetitive . Donald Trump tweets an angry , only    accusation against a company     say , that GM makes the Chevy Cruze in Mexico , and if they do n’t move production to America , Donald Trump ’ll slap a 35 % tariff on they cars .   The stock goes down a percent or more . Then a company     makes a symbolic display of allegiance , and Trump tweets his Trump : " Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US . "   None of this matters , on a business level . These hirings represent shifts of labor as inconsequential as last month ’s announcement that Carrier     thanks to " hard negotiations " by the       would stop 800 whole jobs from going to Mexico . That ’s a drop in the bucket compared with the 5 , 000 private sector jobs Obama created daily     if the total were averaged over his years in office     47 % of which were in the " high wage " category , and none of which involved threatening tweets .   But there ’s a simple sense to Trump ’s approach to business . It ’s all about the sales job . It It not a question of real profitability , revenue , or trade imbalances so much as how we feel about them real profitability, revenue, or trade imbalances For Trump Trump’s business is about instilling others with the faith they others to carry on . And this may just be the underlying fuel of capitalism . Trump Trump’s not as experienced in doing great , profitable business as he Trump’s in making people feel good about doing business with him Trump’s He Trump’s the heart and soul of a borrower . He Trump’s how to sit around a table where he Trump’s the only one in debt , and somehow get the other guys to lend him Trump’s more money . He Trump’s how to read a room , figure out what story those people need to hear , and then close the deal . This is why Trump ’s business policies can only be understood through the lens of public relations . Mood over Moody ’s . Market sentiment , not market fundamentals . In his Trump’s , it matters less how much money people are making or how secure their money people really are than how much money they money people like they money people making and how secure they money people their money people to be .   There may be no real defense against    automation , outsourcing , and efficiencies . But a few big    highly demonstrative    gestures show these uneasy workers that someone in power is going to take care of them these uneasy workers that someone in power is going to take care of them    Trump wants businesses to help him Trump America feel great again , and now those businesses forced to decide whether and how far to play along .   Companies may rightly fear a world in which their bottom Companies can shift wildly on the basis of a single , untrue tweet . Some companies are already investing in emergency response plans in case Trump Trump to tweet at them late Some companies night .   And the prospect of having to feign labor or other concessions in order to create the illusion of enduring domestic prosperity is n’t pretty . Though , to be honest , if it works it could it increase consumer confidence and get people spending again . This would then boost the economy , and create the very conditions we ’re pretending to celebrate . That ’s how salesmen like Trump bootstrap profit into existence .   Trump is Trump on those same sales tactics to win over a nation and Congress that have come to resist fiscal policy , instinctually . Trump will Trump these staged wins to convince a nation to borrow billions of dollars to spend on infrastructure jobs . It will Trump a real showman to instill such courage in the current environment of    austerity .   It may Trump a little borrowing and investment to kickstart an economy while also building the infrastructure that will be necessary once it takes off . If so , then the people are going to need to take a leap of faith .   Just like any professional salesman , Trump ’s biggest job is to get America to take that leap a leap of faith . And Trump ’s hoping Trump convince us the only way a professional debtor and television pitchman knows how     by staging a reality show in which America ’s biggest America the unwilling supporting cast . 
 