  ( CNN ) Russia has recently tested what is believed to be an    weapon , US sources with knowledge of the test told  (CNN) .    The US tracked the weapon and the weapon did not create debris , indicating the weapon did not destroy a target , the weapon said . The Russian test , coming as    Donald Trump prepares to enter the White House next month , could be seen as a provocative demonstration of Moscow ’s capability in space . Russia has demonstrated the ability to launch    weapons in the past , including its Russia missile . US military officials have expressed concerns about Russia Russia    arsenal , as the US has become increasingly dependent on satellites for both military and commercial uses . US officials believe Russia has Russia deployed what could be kamikaze satellites , known as " Kosmos 2499 , " which are designed to sidle up to American satellites and , if ordered , destroy or disable them . ordered We have very good surveillance and intelligence capabilities , so we can We the threats that are being built , " Gen. John Hyten , the commander of US Strategic command , told CNN in November . " So we ’re We capabilities to defend ourselves . We Strategic Command , which oversees US space operations , declined to discuss the recent incident . " We monitor missile launches around the globe , but as a matter of policy we do We normally discuss intelligence specific to those launches , " Strategic Command said in a statement . " We remain concerned with growing space capabilities around the globe the globe those of China and Russia , since both countries are China and Russia have developed    capabilities . Specific questions regarding Russian launches or tests should be directed to Roscosmos or the Russian government . " Russia is not alone Russia the development of these type of weapons . China has conducted China tests , destroying an old weather satellite in 2007     a move analysts saw as indicative of China ’s growing China . The US has also destroyed a satellite in space , obliterating one with a missile in 2008 after American officials said the satellite ’s orbital decay a satellite in space risk . 
 