WASHINGTON   —    In the aftermath of Democrats’ demoralizing election defeat , Representative Nancy Pelosi ’s bid to return as minority leader has been transformed into a larger debate about what has gone wrong with a party that eight years ago controlled Congress and the White House . Ms. Pelosi , a     San Francisco progressive , is expected to easily win    when Representative Nancy Pelosi’s colleagues vote on Wednesday . But Representative Nancy Pelosi’s has become a    for complaints that Democrats have failed to offer a compelling ,    economic message to the    voters in the Midwest and South who helped them capture the House 10 years ago and made Ms. Pelosi the first woman speaker . Representative Tim Ryan , who represents a    district in northeastern Ohio , has mounted an unexpected challenge to Ms. Pelosi and given voice to the message that the House Democrats must broaden their House Democrats beyond the three liberal states   —    California , Massachusetts and New York   —    that now account for a third of their House Democrats . Mr. Ryan argues that his Mr. Ryan can only rebuild if it his party itself as the party of the working class . " We ’ve lost that brand , and that ’s the brand that gets you elected , " said Mr. Ryan , who is also thought by colleagues to be considering running for governor of Ohio in 2018 . In an interview , Ms. Pelosi brushed off his Ms. Pelosi . " I have n’t noticed it his challenge " she Ms. Pelosi when asked if Mr. Ryan had won appreciable support . She Ms. Pelosi that she Ms. Pelosi spent last weekend reaching out to the party ’s losing candidates rather than rounding up support from her Ms. Pelosi . Ms. Ms. Pelosi her share Ms. Pelosi detractors . She retains Ms. Pelosi tight grip on important decisions such as who controls the party the party , and , more to the point , she and Ms. Pelosi two other    House Democrats are septuagenarians who have stood in the way of younger , ambitious lawmakers for over a decade now . But the criticism of her tenure Ms. Pelosi as much a vehicle for airing broader complaints about the condition of a party that just lost the presidency , failed to regain the Senate and picked up only six House seats as it   House an attempt to oust her from Ms. Pelosi post Ms. Pelosi " This is not just on Nancy Pelosi , " said Representative Debbie Dingell of Michigan , who is supporting her . Ms. Pelosi Our entire party has Representative Debbie Dingell of Michigan, who is supporting her figure out how we appeal to everybody Our entire party how we reconnect with the Our entire party class . " Donald J. Trump ’s surprising win , powered by his strength across much Donald J. Trump the industrial Midwest , and the weak showing of congressional Democrats led many in the party to conclude Our entire party deficiencies can not simply Our entire party chalked up to the traditional disadvantage it faces in    elections Our entire party when turnout drops , a common excuse after losses in 2010 and 2014 . Representative Marcia L. Fudge , an Ohio Democrat backing Mr. Ryan , said Mr. Trump effectively taken a page from the Democratic playbook , zeroing in on jobs while Democrats highlighted social issues . " He took our talking points and used Mr. Trump , and we did n’t , our talking points Ms. Fudge our . " It ’s not that we abandoned our economic issues . It our that our stopped talking about It . " our so troubles Democrats , though , is that their difficulties may not be remedied by Democrats sharpening their message . The Republican dominance of Democrats in many states after the 2010 census , the clustering of progressives in urban areas , and increased correlation between the presidential and congressional vote have created structural challenges for Democrats in much of the country and threaten to keep them out of power in the House Democrats well into the next decade . " We ’ve got to be able to win in more places , " said Mark Mellman , a longtime Democratic pollster . " Otherwise it is going to be very hard to win a majority of House seats in the districts as currently the House . " When Democrats recaptured the House in 2006 , they did the House in part to the Democrats of candidates in regions of the country   —    western North Carolina , for example   —    where they can scarcely compete now because of their Democrats identity , redistricting and the country Democrats growing polarization . Ever since 2010 , when they lost the majority , House Democrats have Democrats routed across much of rural America . " There are just not enough urban and suburban seats to form a majority , " said former Representative Rick Boucher , a Democrat who held on to his seat in southwestern Virginia for 28 years until he was defeated in 2010 . The brighter his for Democrats is that , while they have been hurt by the party ’s Democrats in less populated areas , they have seen their prospects brighten in    Democrats of the Democrats . But this has not translated into significant House gains because many of those state capitals are controlled by Republicans . " In the places that are getting better for Democrats , you have    redistricting , " said Todd Schulte , a former House Democratic official who now runs a group House to an immigration overhaul , citing Arizona , Georgia , North Carolina and Texas . In the short term , Democrats are counting on help in 2018 from an old political standby : a midterm backlash against the party that controls the White House . They are especially optimistic that their fortunes could Democrats if Republicans try to Democrats or privatize Medicare and Social Security . " Bring it on , " Ms. Pelosi said , recalling how Democrats rallied in opposition to President George W. Bush ’s attempt to overhaul Social Security after his 2004 victory . " Social Security an opportunity President George W. Bush us . We know how to do it . We have us it before . " This question us whether Ms. This , whom Republicans have demonized in the past , would be an impediment to a revival . " I think we need a new face , " said Representative us Perlmutter of Colorado . " There needs to be new energy injected . " Other Democrats privately agree , but believe that Mr. Ryan is not the answer . Yet some of those who had been expected to compete to succeed her have left the House , notably Rahm Emanuel , now the mayor of Chicago , and Chris Van Hollen , who was just elected to the Senate from Maryland . Ms. Pelosi has worked to respond to the criticism , meeting privately with Democrats and proposing minor changes to the leadership structure . But the caucus has not fully recovered , and an increasingly new cadre of House Democrats are growing anxious . " If you the House a big company and you were posting loss after loss after loss , the head of that company is not going to stay around too a big company " said Representative Kathleen Rice of New York , who was just    to a second term and supports Mr. Ryan . 
 