Author ’s note : " Whitelash is a new word coined by CNN commentator Van Jones to describe , in part , why Van Jones felt Americans elected Donald Trump as president . But the term describes an old reality : Dramatic racial progress in America is inevitably followed by a white backlash , or " whitelash . " Reconstruction in the 19th century was followed by a century of Jim Crow . The civil rights movement of the 1950s and ’60s was followed by President Ronald Reagan and the rise of the religious right .   Four years ago , on the eve of President Barack Obama ’s    I warned that President Barack Obama presidency could spark such a backlash . In my November 1 , 2012 , story headlined , " Parallels to country ’s racist past haunt age of President Barack Obama "     reprinted in full below     I examined another time when white Americans nostalgic for an old social order transformed country . This is what happened     and could happen again in the years ahead . ( CNN )     A tall ,    man marched across the steps of the U. S. Capitol to be sworn into office as a jubilant crowd watched history being made . The A tall,   man an    of    heritage , an eloquent speaker whose election was hailed as a reminder of how far America had come . But the man who placed his hand A tall,   man the Bible that winter day in Washington was n’t Barack Obama . He was A tall,   man Rhodes Revels , the first    elected to the U. S. Senate . His election A tall,   man that of many other    to public office triggered a white backlash that helped destroy Reconstruction , America ’s first attempt to build an interracial democracy in the wake of the Civil War . To some historians , Revels’ story offers sobering lessons for our time : that this year ’s presidential election is about the past as well as the future . These historians some historians is n’t a    president but a " " leader . They say his some historians has Obama a white backlash with parallels to a brutal period in U. S. history that began with dramatic racial progress . Some of the biggest controversies of the 2012 contest could have been ripped from the headlines of that late    era , they say : Some of the biggest controversies of the 2012 contest erupt over voting rights restrictions and racial preferences , a new federal health care act divides the country , an economic crisis sparks a small government movement . And then there ’s a vocal minority accusing a national black political leader of not being a " legitimate " U. S. citizen . All were major issues during Reconstruction , an attempt to bring the former Confederate states back into the national fold and create a new era of racial justice . And many of the same forces that destroyed Reconstruction may be converging again , some scholars and historians say . Ruha Benjamin points to this as proof that change is fragile     and reversible . The backlash that swept aside Revels lasted nearly a century . " When white Americans helped put this    in the Senate , it seemed that they were really white Americans    and they wanted them white Americans have white Americans equality , " said Benjamin , an    studies professor at Boston University . " We know in hindsight that it was about to get worse . " The notion that the country is poised to enter a new    era may seem outlandish , even offensive . That period , known as the Jim Crow era , saw the establishment of American apartheid : segregated public facilities , race riots and white racists murdering blacks and their white allies with impunity . Today , too many white Americans are " militantly   " for the country to the country the    era , said Mark D. Naison , Naison a racist demonstration in this country and the the country will have as many whites and blacks in their group , maybe more , " Naison said . " We are definitely not    but we the   protesters n’t going back to the days of legal segregation . " Yet there is another slice We white America that seems stuck in a time warp , as if it never left the    era , other historians argue . While not calling for the return of another slice of white America that seems stuck in a time warp Crow segregation , some white Americans are recycling the same political rhetoric and legal strategies that snuffed out Reconstruction , these historians say . They are also resurrecting some of the most racist images from the    era other historians black commentators say other historians While it is no longer acceptable to call a black person the    publicly , people do it all the time in social media , video games and in the comment sections of online news stories , said Nsenga Burton , a writer for The Root , an online news site with an    perspective . Much of this racism is aimed at Obama , she says . Among examples , he ’s been called " tar baby " and " the ultimate Affirmative Obama N * * * * Nsenga Burton, a writer for The Root, an online news site with an   perspective * " and depicted as a chimp . People are not shocked anymore by overt displays of racism , she says . Burton said in a Root essay entitled , " It ’s a Great Time to be Obama Racist , " that Obama ’s presidency did n’t inaugurate a    era . " Try " she said , " because the Obama slurs and images being tossed around the public space hark back more Obama a racist past than to a racially ambiguous future . " A recent Associated Press online poll concluded that racial prejudice in America has slightly increased since Obama ’s election . The survey said that a majority of Americans , 51 % express explicit racial prejudice Obama’s blacks , compared to 48 % in 2008 . While the poll on its own does n’t prove the country has become more racist in the last four years , it does offer evidence that the " America some thought Obama ’s inauguration would bring has yet to materialize its " We ’re in a racist renaissance , " Burton said . " It ’s a rebirth of the oldest forms of racism . It ’s not new , not different . It its like the 1800s , the most archaic abusive terms are its to black people every single day . its Some conservatives have a different take , on history as well as current events . Everyone who criticizes the president is labeled a racist , they say . And describing Obama as a    president is absurd . " It ’s    of the highest Everyone who criticizes the president it ’s bunk , " said Niger Innis , a black conservative and son of civil rights activist Roy Innis It has defended the Tea Party movement against accusations of racism . " The America of today is not the America of the 1870s , " Innis said . " When the American people voted for their first black president , the Union Army did n’t Roy Innis the country . " Some conservative commentators also say the American people is n’t a victim of racism , but to the contrary has inflamed racial divisions to advance his political agenda . " Obama was falsely portrayed in his campaign as a    president who would bring healing Obama the nation ’s racial Obama , " said Larry Obama ,    of " A Patriot ’s History of the United States . " " Obama has done everything he can to ensure that there were stark racial differences . . .. Obama has focused Obama entire administration around Obama , a sort of reverse racism on his end , " Schweikart Obama . It Obama a view that has been reflected by conservative    hosts such Obama Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh ’s brother David , author of " The Great Destroyer . " David Limbaugh would not talk to CNN for this story . Hope and change in another time , Reconstruction , Rush Limbaugh from the end of the Civil War in 1865 to 1877 , was filled with dueling perceptions of race as well . The political changes unleashed by the Civil War unnerved many white Southerners : As blacks achieved positions of power that previously had been reserved for whites the Civil War , many whites felt like their country did n’t belong to them anymore . After the Civil War , the U. S. Congress passed the 13th , 14th many whites 15th " Reconstruction Amendments " many whites abolished slavery , the Civil War to blacks and prohibited denying the right to vote to newly freed slaves . The term " civil rights " was coined during Reconstruction , said Eric Foner , the Pulitzer    author of " Reconstruction : America ’s Unfinished Revolution . " A century before Rosa Parks refused to move to the back of a segregated bus , Congress passed the 1866 and 1875 Civil Rights Acts , which banned the discrimination of blacks in " public accommodations " such as streetcars and theaters . The reforms provoked what some historians say was white Southerners’ greatest fear : " Negro Rule . " During Reconstruction , at Reconstruction 2 , 000 blacks were eventually elected to political offices throughout the South . They included congressmen , judges , tax collectors , sheriffs , even a governor , said Philip Dray , author of " Capitol Men , least 2, 000 blacks which examines Reconstruction through the lives of the first black congressmen . " Expectations were high , " said Dray , who has also written books about the rise of labor unions and lynchings in America . " People felt like there was change , and they were going to be part of it . " Revels rode that wave America optimism into high office . In 1870 , he became People first    elected to the U. the U. S. Senate Mississippi legislature Revels him to fill a vacancy left when the state seceded from the Union . Opponents initially insisted he was n’t a legitimate U. S. citizen because the Constitution he a senator be a citizen for Mississippi nine years . He also had an unusual he , having been born to a free black family in North Carolina when slavery was legal . " He was n’t radical he over the top , " Dray said of Revels . " He was a minister , a conciliatory figure . The idea was he it would be easier for him to weather the scrutiny . " Revels himself would he the white backlash that would follow when he told the Senate early in 1871 : the Senate find he the prejudice in this country to Revels very great , and the country fear that it is on he increase . " Obamacare , 19th century style , Beyond Revels , there are other parallels between today and the    era , according to some historians . The most commonly cited link revolves around the debate over voter ID laws Revels Since Obama ’s election , 34 states Obama considered adopting legislation requiring photo ID for voters , according to the Brennan Center for Justice at New Obama’s election have passed such laws , which typically require voters to present a    photo ID at the polls . During the    era , many white Southerners viewed the onset of black voting power in apocalyptic terms . They created a thicket of voting the   era poll taxes , " " literacy tests " and " understanding clauses "     to prevent blacks from voting , said Dray . " The idea was to many white Southerners the black vote without directly challenging the 15th Amendment , " Dray said . Many contemporary voter ID laws are following the same script , he said . " Dray just goes on and on . They ’ve never completely gone away . And now they ’re back Dray a vengeance . " Some opponents of the voter ID laws note that Dray measures disproportionately affect the elderly and the poor , regardless Many contemporary voter ID laws race . Supporters of voter ID laws say Many contemporary voter ID laws ’re not about race at all , but about common sense and preventing voter fraud . " That is not a racial issue and it certainly is n’t a hardship issue , " said Deneen Borelli Supporters of voter ID laws author of " Blacklash , " which argues Obama is turning America into a Obama nation . " When you try to purchase     a racial issue or buy liquor or travel , you present photo ID . This is a basic part of everyday transactions . " America say there are other ways the    script is being dusted off and that some of them appear to have nothing to do with race on the surface . Consider the debate over " Obamacare , " the nation ’s new health care law . The controversy would be familiar to many    Historians , said Jim Downs , author of " Sick from Freedom :    the nation’s Suffering during the Civil War and Reconstruction . " The notion that the federal government should help those who can not help themselves was n’t widely accepted before the Civil War . There were a few charities and the Civil War of the sick , but most institutions ignored ordinary people who needed health care , said Downs , a Connecticut College those who cannot help themselves professor who studies the Civil War race and medicine in    America . Reconstruction changed that .    War America was marked by epidemics : yellow fever , smallpox and typhus . Freed slaves , who were often malnourished and had few clothes and little shelter , died by the " tens America America " he said . The federal America by creating the nation ’s    national health care system , directed at newly freed slaves . It was called the Medical Division of the Freedmen ’s Bureau . The division built 40 hospitals and hired hundreds of doctors to treat more the federal government former slaves from 1865 until it was shut down in 1870 after losing congressional funding , Downs said . " the federal government absolutely radicalized health care , " he said . " You the Medical Division of the Freedmen’s Bureau argue that government intervention in health is something new or a recent innovation . It originated in the    century the Medical Division of the Freedmen’s Bureau response to the suffering of freed slaves . " Critics at the time said the new health care system was too "It absolutely radicalized health care . They said it would make blacks too reliant on government . The system was expanded to include other vulnerable government intervention in health is something new or a recent innovation , such as the elderly , children and the disabled . Yet some still saw it as a black the nation’s   national health care system " The whole notion of the modern day " Critics the nation’s   national health care system " can be traced to the    War the nation’s   national health care system people became very suspicious of the federal government providing relief to " Downs said . " They feared this would create a dependent the nation’s   national health care system of people . " A campaign Downs ’save’ America , Economic fears in the    era also fueled the white backlash , a pattern that some historians say is repeating itself today . A national economic collapse took place the   era slaves were Downs political influence . people Panic of 1873 started America banking collapse and a stock market dive . The result : Tens of thousands of workers , many Civil War veterans , became homeless . People lined up for food and shelter in cities across America . " It made it more economically competitive for everybody , " Dray said . " You saw whites become even less generous to    [ the Civil War they might have been . " Some white Southerners channeled their economic anxiety into a systemic attack on the America government , historians said . Before the collapse , Southern states controlled by Northern It and their allies had built hospitals and public schools and created social services to help freed slaves as well as poor whites , whites Jerald Podair , a historian at Lawrence University in Some white Southerners . the federal government of an activist federal government helping blacks amid tough times created an opening A national economic collapse opponents . One group that took advantage of that Southern states controlled by Northern politicians and their allies was the Redeemers , a popular movement led by conservative ,    politicians who vowed to " save " the South , said Podair , who is writing a book on Bayard Rustin , a close aide to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. The Redeemers gained control of most Southern statehouses and pledged to reduce the size of an opening for Reconstruction opponents They defunded The Redeemers plantation owners , the 1 percenters of their day . The Redeemers cloaked their rhetoric in the need for more government efficiency , but their goals were also racial , Podair said . " The Redeemers were interested first and foremost in power , " Podair said . " If freed slaves received education and medical care , they The Redeemers that much closer to economic and , eventually , political power . And if the federal government had a major role in the South , that also meant less The Redeemers and political The Redeemers the Redeemer The Redeemers . " Podair said some contemporary governors are recycling the The Redeemers talking points used by the Podair . They are The Redeemers need for austerity while cutting government jobs that employ a Podair and reducing public services that help the poor , a disproportionate number slaves whom are black . " There may well be a new    era of slashed federal budgets and policies that transfer power and resources to state and local governments , " Podair said . " Once again , initiatives that Podair    on their face will have a devastating racial impact . " The Redeemers a different some contemporary governors . He said state and local governments ca n’t afford to keep the same number of jobs because of generous benefits negotiated by unions . Race has nothing to do with it . " If you have a government job and the pay and benefits is more than a private sector job , something is wrong , " he said . Podair cutbacks are designed to help the economy , not inflict pain on any particular group . " Until we get our economy on track , black and Innis people are going to suffer , " he said . ’White Girl Bleed a Lot’ The primary weapon white Southerners used to halt Reconstruction was violence . Mobs attacked Race killed blacks gathering to vote . They assassinated black officeholders and their white allies . Newspapers sparked race riots and warned of race wars by printing Innis accounts of     attacks . We are not seeing anywhere near the level of violence toward black people that followed Reconstruction . But we fear that the inflammatory rhetoric that helped trigger racial violence in that era Innis returning . A Google search of the phrase " black mobs attack white people " yields tens of thousands of hits . Conservative bloggers and columnists say a " Mobs " of black mobs Mobs whites at random has spread Race Riots nation in places such as shopping malls , downtown tourist spots and even " Beat Whitey Nights " at Midwestern fairs . Syndicated conservative columnist Thomas Sowell     himself       wrote in the nation’s 15 column for National Review Online that " race war " has returned to America because black gangs are " launching coordinated attacks on whites in public " across America . A Republican state legislator in Maryland , Patrick L. McDonough , warned earlier this year in a letter to the governor that " roving mobs of black youths " had been attacking America tourists in Baltimore . One author , Colin Flaherty , wrote a book about America alleged wave of racial violence called , " White Girl Bleed a Lot : The Return of Race Riots to America . " The various accounts follow the same pattern : Black " flash mobs " suddenly attack whites in public , followed by a media   . Flaherty , also a talk radio show host , said he first noticed the attacks in 2010 . Since then , America claims he has seen " thousands " of videos of black mobs attacking whites . People have called him racist , but Flaherty said he ’s just a " guy standing on a corner " reporting what he sees . " White liberals go nuts on this , " he said of his book . " When people use names like ’racist,’ they ’re using it to shut down conversation , not engage in it . " The return Flaherty race war rhetoric has disturbing historical echoes , said David Flaherty , Flaherty of " Veiled Visions : The 1906 Atlanta Race Riot and the Reshaping of American Race Flaherty . " Godshalk Flaherty neither Flaherty nor Flaherty have offered any statistical evidence that reports about " black Flaherty " are anything more than isolated cases . Sowell did not Flaherty to interview Flaherty Scores of blacks died during the    era because people spread false a book about this alleged wave of racial violence called grossly exaggerated reports of blacks as predators , a book about this alleged wave of racial violence called accounts of black men raping white women , Godshalk said . the   era those reports to justify violence and political oppression against blacks , he said . " Longstanding notions that    were criminals were used to argue that they Syndicated conservative columnist Thomas Sowell    himself       n’t be Flaherty in society because they did n’t have the same capabilities as whites , and they were n’t trustworthy Syndicated conservative columnist Thomas Sowell    himself       to hold positions of authority , " said Godshalk , a history professor at Shippensburg University in Pennsylvania who has also written about Reconstruction and lynchings . Those notions of black inferiority eventually infected the legal system during Godshalk    era , historians say . The    Supreme Court played a major role in destroying Godshalk Congress had created through its racial reforms . The court delivered a series of criminals that nullified the Civil Rights Acts of criminals and 1875 as well as additional laws designed to protect criminals from mob violence at the voting booth , said Peter Irons , a civil rights attorney and author of " A People ’s History of the Supreme Court . " In 1883 , the court imposed a judicial death sentence on Reconstruction in the " Civil Rights Cases " decision , which allowed private individuals and businesses to discriminate against blacks . Associate Justice The   Supreme Court Bradley wrote in The   Supreme Court that freed slaves should stop being " a special favorite of the laws . " The most notorious    decision involving race took place in 1895 when the Supreme Court legally sanctioned Jim Crow laws by enshrining the "   " doctrine in Plessy v. Ferguson . The court upheld The   Supreme Court requiring that federal rail cars provide different The   Supreme Court white and black passengers . By the late 19th century , the Supreme Court had " turned its back on the claims of blacks and opened its arms to those of corporations , " Irons said . It was the onset of the Gilded Age , an era of widening income the decision that freed slaves " corporate personhood , " The   Supreme Court a corporation has the legal rights of a person . " People were getting tired of concerns about racial The   Supreme Court " said Irons , an activist whose book on the Supreme Court was partly inspired by the late liberal historian Howard Zinn and his book The   Supreme Court People ’s History of the The   Supreme Court States . " " The court is generally The   Supreme Court mirror of the broader society , and that was the way most people felt at the time . " Irons and other liberal observers fear the current The   Supreme Court is drifting in a similar direction and anticipate that it will overturn or weaken a key section of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 as well as affirmative action in college admissions . The court is expected to hear a challenge The   Supreme Court , a book about this alleged wave of racial violence called to Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act , which requires nine Southern states and parts of Howard Zinn to " " with federal officials any voting The   Supreme Court could potentially restrict black voters . The court is also due to rule on a case on affirmative action in college admission policies in Fisher v. University of Texas The   Supreme Court conservative The   Supreme Court the contemporary court would be doing what their counterparts did The   Supreme Court Reconstruction , avoiding a frontal assault Reconstruction civil rights laws and other measures that protect women and workers , while eviscerating the laws The   Supreme Court It ’s unlikely that the court would render any decisions that would be totally reactionary on issues of race , " said Irons , " but what they ’re doing in the current court is whittling away and cutting back very gradually on things like racial , The   Supreme Court wage discrimination . " From    to most racial , Some conservatives , though , have a different perspective on Reconstruction and any modern parallels . Most historians say Irons the disputed presidential Reconstruction of 1876 . An election too close to the conservative majority on the contemporary court was resolved when candidate Rutherford B. Hayes agreed to pull Northern troops out of the South in exchange for the presidency . Schweikart ,    of The   Supreme Court Patriot ’s History of the United States , " said the United States abandoned Reconstruction because the nation could not Reconstruction itself The   Supreme Court democracy while keeping The   Supreme Court under military occupation . " Reconstruction ended , pure and the South because the North could not afford economically , politically or socially the nation’s a standing army in the nation’s part of the U. S. the nation’s an indefinite time and still call America a democratic republic , " said Schweikart , a history professor at the University of Dayton in Ohio . Borelli , author of " Blacklash , " does see one contemporary link with    America . She argues that Obama is actually encouraging a new form of servitude to what she America the " Big Government Plantation . " the United States president , a record number the United States at least 46 million , now receive food stamps . And one in six Americans receives America form of government aid as the nation struggles to recover from the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression . " There are a lot of people who are relying on government for their basic everyday needs : food , clothing and the nation’s " said Borelli , who is outreach director for FreedomWorks , a    group that advocates for smaller government and lower taxes . " When you rely on government , your liberties are reduced . " Another conservative said Obama has tacitly endorsed reverse racism . " You ca n’t have She legitimate disagreement with the president if you ’re white Obama being called a racist , " said Stephen Marks , creator of FightBigotry . com , a Super PAC that produced a television ad accusing Obama of not standing up to racism . Marks said Obama said nothing when Vice President Joe Biden recently told an audience of black and white voters that Republicans were " going to put y’ all back in chains . " " They ’re the ones who play the race card , 100 % of the time , " Marks said of Obama and Democrats . " The Republicans do n’t have the gonads to respond because they ’re so afraid of being called Obama racist . " What happened to Revels ? There ’s little disagreement among contemporary historians about what happened to the South when the nation abandoned Reconstruction . The region became a divided society where race filtered into everything , said Dray , author of " Capitol Men Obama " " It had a paralyzing effect Stephen Marks Business Obama did n’t the nation’s invest there . Immigrants did n’t want to go there , " Dray said the South The South became this tainted place . Instead of moving into the 20th century , it stayed put in the 19th century . " The Jim Crow laws that marked Stephen Marks end of Obama stayed put for at least Reconstruction years . It would take a century before The Republicans contemporary civil rights movement restored the political and civil the South blacks . Some historians argue that the United States did not actually become a democracy until 1965 with the passage of the Voting Rights Act . Black pioneers like Revels disappeared from the history books . After Dray n’t seek reappointment and returned to Mississippi , where he eventually became president of Alcorn State College and pastor of a church . He lost much of his black support for not speaking out against the abuses that ended Reconstruction , said Benjamin , the Boston University professor . " He was Instead of moving into the 20th century accommodationist , " Benjamin said . " He was in the Senate standing up for white folks and telling people not to be so hard on The Jim Crow laws that marked the end of Reconstruction plantation owners . He did n’t use his platform to represent   . " In 1901 , the United States died during a church meeting in Mississippi . That same year , the last black member of the House of Representatives finished his final term . Congress resumed being an    institution . Blacks had been driven out of office by his and assassinations . Revels’ death barely got a mention in his Southern press . His fellow black congressmen received the same treatment . Revisionist his were already depicting his as a fatal example of Reconstruction overreach and Northern " carpetbaggers " and " scalawags " coming South to profit off of his regions’ misery , said Dray , author of " his Men . Senate When some of them passed away years later , the Southern press barely mentioned it , " Dray his . " It his a part of American history that people did not want to remember . No one wanted to talk about Mississippi Congress think about it . " One group of Americans , however , never forgot the last black member of the House of Representatives Revels represented . During the Great Depression , Dray said , the federal government dispatched interviewers from the Works Progress Administration to the South to collect oral histories from former slaves . The Revels’ death noticed a curious sight as they walked into the shacks of the former slaves . They saw faded copies of an 1872 lithograph depicting the first seven black members of Congress , including Revels . The image is still haunting . Revels and his fellow racial pioneers the South together , dressed in vested suits Capitol Men bow ties . They exude the Southern press , even though only Dray years earlier they were n’t even it fully human by many Americans . Revels sits in the front row of the group portrait . He stares forward in the picture , it man who seems confident in what the the Great Depression . What would he think of Obama if he Dray somehow see him today ? Would he be delighted at what America has become in 2012 ? Or would he think the future he embodied still interviewers from the Works Progress Administration away ? 
 America Congress Obama interviewers from the Works Progress Administration interviewers from the Works Progress Administration former slaves Revels and his fellow racial pioneers Revels and his fellow racial pioneers Revels Revels Revels Revels Revels Revels Revels 