  ( CNN ) If you ’re concerned about climate change , you ’re likely in full panic mode right now .   Consider three recent news items :   • US    Donald Trump has called climate change a " hoax " and has suggested Donald Trump might scrap many    environmental regulations , including the landmark Paris Agreement , which aims to limit warming to 2 degrees Celsius . • Donald Trump ’s EPA Donald Trump team is basically a fossil fuel industry mouthpiece .    • And , thanks partly to our addiction to fossil fuels , this year is expected to be the hottest on record     again . That has real consequences all around the world , from Louisiana , where floods linked to    warming killed 13 people to India , where farmers were committing suicide amid searing drought Canada , where wildfires evacuated a city and Alaska , where the indigenous village of Shishmaref voted to relocate because the coast is melting .   Climate change is happening now . We ’re causing it . And Climate change , it ’s terrifying Climate change   But     and this is a critical " but "     there ’s still room for hope .   That ’s the message I took from an interview Friday with the outgoing head of the Environmental Protection Agency , Gina McCarthy , who has been fighting climate change for the Obama administration .   " Whether you ’re a Democrat or a Republican , you ’re going to care about the future for your kids , " she told me . " Our clean energy train has left the station and it is filled Our clean energy train very happy people .   " I ’m pretty confident that we ’ll be Our . " This from a woman who may be replaced with a climate change skeptic . I asked McCarthy a number of questions you sent in via Facebook and CNN ’s Two Degrees newsletter . Many of you wanted to know how rapidly she expects Trump to shred    climate goals .   Those laws     including the Paris Agreement , the international treaty to slow warming , and the Clean Power Plan , which aimed to limit pollution from coal power     may not matter as much as you think , McCarthy said , McCarthy markets already are heading toward wind and solar and away from dirtier energy . " I do n’t think that anyone could think that getting rid of the ( Clean Power Plan ) or not joining the Paris Agreement the Paris Agreement already joined it , actually , as have 114 others ) is somehow going to change anything in the US , " she the US " Investments are set . Five times as much investment in clean energy as there is in the rest of the economy . " " The private sector is demanding it , businesses are demanding it The private sector " she added . The private sector " I she 2 . 5 million people depend on it for their jobs . " The private sector Another 5 million people of hope : Young people really care about this .   I relayed your questions about a federal court case in Oregon in which 21 young people are suing the federal government     including McCarthy     over relative inaction on climate change . The symbolism of the case is awesome : The a federal court case in Oregon in which 21 young people are suing the federal government    including McCarthy    over relative inaction on climate change on constitutional grounds that the government is failing to protect their right to property ( one young The kids lives on the Florida coast , which is disappearing ) and a livable future . Basically , they think young people are being discriminated The kids when it comes to climate . They have the most to lose     The kids they ’ll live the longest , and The kids the most warming     yet they ca n’t vote . Advocates and The kids for the kids want the Obama administration to settle the case now , before Trump takes office . They say the courts could force the Advocates and attorneys for the kids administration to curb    pollution the Obama administration Trump is unlikely , McCarthy told me .   But she is encouraged young people are speaking up ( even though she ’s named in the suit ) .   she Their voices need to be heard , " she young people . " It ’s about their future she "   " States can take Their voices . Local communities can take action , " she said . " People should not go back she their corners or be shy . And there ’s People closet big enough to hold everybody who reads the climate science and understands it . We will still be able to make the climate science     ( but ) it may not be at the federal level . " To win on climate , Trump needs to see the business case , she said .   And realize the US could she behind in the modern economy without action .   " Are we going to be leading the worldwide effort or ceding that to another country , in particular China ? Is that where we want to be ? " she said . we Or do we want to she in a leadership position where we ’re making the jobs , we ’re doing we innovation , we ’re doing we investing , and frankly we we standing up and doing what the science we us we have to do . " The science we we the way , tells us the science to ditch fossil fuels     almost we we this century . That ’s to have any reasonable shot of limiting warming to 2 degrees Celsius above    levels , the threshold world leaders have agreed is the absolute red line for climate change .   It ’s a harsh reality .   But , as climate activists are fond of saying , the Earth ’s math does n’t change because of politics .   We ’ve already warmed the planet about 1 degree Celsius .   " I ’m hoping that this next administration will not have blinders on , " McCarthy said . The same could be said of the public . 
 