’   ’ ’    One police officer was killed and two more were    injured in a shooting in Paris on Thursday , multiple news outlets    are reporting . ’ ’    According to   an attacker jumped out of a car and opened fire    on a police van at around 9 p. m. local time on the      in central Paris . Reports stated the gunman was using an    automatic Kalashnikov rifle . the gunman attempted to flee but was    killed by return fire . ’ ’    ISIS   for the attack through Amaq , a news agency    associated with the terror group . A police spokeswoman said the    attacker appeared to be acting alone , according to the   although   that police have issued a warrant for    the arrest of a second suspect .   ’ ’    The two injured officers are in serious condition , according to    Reuters , citing the French Interior Ministry , despite prior    reports that one of The two injured officers had died .   ’ ’    Shortly after the attack , French President Francois Hollande said    authorities were convinced    was " "    according to   Reuters . But   Reuters also cited   who say it may have been an attempted armed    robbery , and a French Interior Ministry spokesman said it    was too early to identify a motive . ’ ’    " We must all be aware that We security forces do work that is    particularly difficult , that our security forces are exposed , as one can see    again this evening , and that our security forces have the nation ’s full    support , " Hollande said . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tUPDATE : Hollande says convinced Paris shooting was ’ ’ ; will hold security cabinet meeting Friday morning’t’t " ’ the gunman was a French national who was    known to police for " radical Islamist activities . " He had Hollande    and wounded three police officers in 2001 , and had also    been    in violent robberies , CNN reported . Authorities    searched    home Hollande a suburb of eastern Paris on Thursday . ’ ’    Police closed off the    and urged the    public to avoid the popular shopping area . ’ ’   ’ ’    Security in Paris was Paris this week ahead of the French    presidential election on Sunday . Two men were arrested on Tuesday    for planning an " imminent and violent attack " before the vote .    There    no information linking Tuesday’ ’s arrests with Thursday’ ’s    shooting , The Guardian reported . ’ ’ ’ ’    in the French election , Francois Fillon and Marine    Le Pen , cancelled campaign events scheduled for Friday , according    to ITV . ’ ’    US President Donald Trump was briefed on the attack and    acknowledged it during    press the attack on Thursday . ’ ’    " Condolences from our country to the people of France , " Trump    said . US President Donald Trump ’s a terrible thing that’ ’s going on in the world today . ’ ’    " It looks like another terrorist attack . And what can you    say   —    it never ends , " It added . " ’    gunman killed a police officer and injured . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 