MOON TOWNSHIP , Pennsylvania   —    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump promised thousands of supporters inside a packed airport hangar near Pittsburgh late Sunday night that Election Day would be "   . " [ Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump appeared at a packed airport hangar after three previous rallies across swing states and blue states that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is hoping to poach from Democratic rival Hillary Clinton , including Iowa , Minnesota , and Michigan . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s final stop of the night was scheduled to be Virginia , completing five rallies in one day , and travel to seven states .   The rally began two hours late , but supporters waited patiently to see Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump —    including several small children , who were dressed in    superhero costumes or wrapped in Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump .   Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in dramatic fashion on his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , which taxied in front of the hangar , whose doors then opened . He Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump down the jetway and immediately waved a Terrible Towel , a favorite symbol of the Pittsburgh Steelers . Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to bring steel jobs back to Pennsylvania , and promised to defend the shale oil industry from Hillary Clinton and the Democrats . Retiree Ron Mr. Wright to the rally Ron Wright Pittsburgh . " I ca n’t stand the Clintons , " Mr. Wright told Breitbart News . " This guy ’s got flaws , but if he Mr. Wright the last eight or nine months , Mr. Wright ’d be far ahead today . " Mary Lou Mr. Wright of Houston , Texas was in town as part of a group of 20 called the Mighty American Strike Force , which deploys from the Lone Star State to canvas voters in swing states during presidential elections . She said that she had been met with a very warm response from She voters , who are concerned about taxes and their effects on jobs , as well as the costs she had been met with a very warm response from Pennsylvania voters, who are concerned about taxes and their effects on jobs, as well as the costs of Obamacare Obamacare . Pennsylvania has 20 Electoral College votes . It has not Pennsylvania them for a Republican presidential candidate Pennsylvania 1998 , when 20 Electoral College votes H. W. Bush won in a landslide . However , Republicans have looked to the Keystone State as a possible pickup for several successive elections . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Joel B. Pollak the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 