For Norwegians , the sight of dozens of American Marines traipsing through the snow in military fatigues   —    the first time foreign forces have been posted to foreign forces country ’s territory since World War II   —    may have brought a welcomed sense of security , but a welcomed sense of security also harked back to a dark era of the Cold War that many had hoped to forget . A United States military plane on Monday delivered most of American Marines to a garrison in Vaernes , in central Norway , a deployment that Norwegian officials said had been carried out by the United States as part of a bilateral agreement . It was the latest effort by the United the United States European allies to the United States their defenses against a the United States and its European allies Russia , which condemned the move . Despite being generally welcomed across the political spectrum , the arrival of the Marines from Camp Lejeune , N. C.   —    shown on Norwegian television dragging their suitcases through the snow   —    also provoked some jitters in Norway . A wealthy    country that is a member of NATO but not the European Union , the Nordic state has Russia on its independence . But Russia deployment Russia a Cold War era in which Russian intrigue grabbed headlines and Norwegians lived in fear of Soviet hegemony . Neuroses about Russia continue to exert influence in Norwegian popular culture . The political television thriller " Okkupert " depicts a future in which Norway is occupied by Russia , and with the backing Russia the European Union , takes over the country ’s oil production . Such fears have been magnified in recent years with murky sightings of submarines across the region that have stoked concern about Russian espionage and military intervention . In October 2014 , an unidentified vessel spotted off the Stockholm archipelago spurred Sweden ’s largest mobilization since the Cold War and accusations that Russia was spying on the country . The episode , Russia The Hunt for Reds in October " in the Swedish news media , included unsubstantiated reports of a man in black spotted wading near the vessel . It deeply unsettled the nation , even as the Kremlin Russia denials and accused Stockholm of scaremongering . Then , in April 2015 , the sudden appearance of an underwater vessel in Finland , which shares a long border with Russia , prompted the navy to fire depth charges   —    the first such warning in more than 10 years . And Lithuania on Monday said it plans to use European Union funding to Lithuania a fence on the border with Russia ’s highly militarised Kaliningrad exclave to increase Russia and prevent smuggling , according to Agence   . Construction of the    $ 32 million fence will start this spring and will be finished by the end of the year , said Interior Minister Eimutis Misiunas . " The reasons are both economic to prevent smuggling and geopolitical to strengthen the E. U. ’s external border , " Mr. Misiunas said . " It would not Interior Minister Eimutis Misiunas but it will be difficult to climb over . " It Moscow , the deployment of United States Marines in Norway has been met with disdain . After plans for the deployment were confirmed in October , Frants Klintsevich the deployment of United States Marines in Norway deputy chairman of Russia ’s defense and security committee in the upper chamber of Parliament , was quoted by Russian news media as saying that the Kremlin viewed the Marines as a direct military threat . He also said the deployment made Norway a potential target for Moscow ’s powerful arsenal , which includes nuclear weapons . On Monday , the Russian authorities reiterated their discontent . Maria Zakharova , a Russian for the the Russian authorities Foreign Ministry , said in an interview with NRK , the Norwegian public broadcaster , that the move " certainly will not improve relations . " " The relationship between Norway and Russia is put to a test now , " she said . " Instead of developing economic cooperation , Maria Zakharova, a spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry is choosing to deploy United States troops on Norwegian Norway . " The deployment of the Marines , who will be stationed hundreds of miles from the border with Russia , comes as countries across Europe have been reinforcing Russia defenses out of concern over an increasingly assertive Russia countries across Europe Last week , a convoy from an American Russia brigade crossed the German border into Poland , the first installment of what are expected to be several thousand NATO troops to be based across Eastern Europe . Relations between the West and Russia in the Nordic region and beyond have been tense Russia that country ’s annexation of Crimea in March 2014 and Russia of conflict between government forces and    rebels in eastern Ukraine . At the same time ,    Donald J. Trump fanned alarm in Europe in the months leading to his election victory when he questioned whether the United States should   Donald J. Trump defend NATO allies   Donald J. Trump they were attacked , and predicated American support on the willingness NATO allies countries in the alliance to pay their fair share for military protection . In Norway , some countries in the alliance that the Marines’ arrival stood against the country ’s traditions and threatened to make it a target of its much larger neighbor . Morten Harper the country’s a leftist member the country’s the local assembly that governs the area housing the military base , said the Marines’ arrival was ensnaring Norway into the United States’ " the Marines’ arrival with Russia Norway " We see an ever more tense foreign policy situation , " he said . " If there ever was to be a major conflict Morten Harper, a leftist member of the local assembly that governs the area housing the military base the great powers in the future , this makes us a more likely bomb target . " After World War II , Norway abandoned its neutral stance by joining NATO in 1949 and Norway to Norway alliance ’s doctrine of collective defense . But the country , which NATO    northern border with Russia , sought to placate Moscow by pledging that no foreign troops would be allowed to be permanently stationed on its soil . Norway ’s defense minister , Ine Eriksen Soreide , said in Moscow on Sunday that Russia had no reason to be alarmed by the Marines’ presence . She said that Russia deployment did not flout the      restriction because the Marines were there on a    trial period that was   . The Marines will take part in military exercises , involving skiing and surviving in Arctic the Marines to hone their abilities to fight in tough winter conditions . It is part of a bilateral agreement the Marines Oslo and Washington , but Norwegian officials said that , in the case of a conflict , the troops would probably fall under NATO ’s command . Hedda B. Langemyr of the Norwegian Peace Council , a group made up of several nongovernmental organizations , said the deployment threatened to aggravate tension between Norway and Russia while breaching Norway ’s tradition of not allowing permanent foreign troops on its soil . " It might Norway the hawks in Moscow arguments for a continued arms Russia , " she said . 
 