  ( CNN ) Many of the nation ’s top tech CEOs met with President Donald Trump again at the White House on Monday , but there were some notable exceptions : Facebook ’s Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk of Tesla and SpaceX. Florida Republican Gov. Rick Scott , himself a former businessman , said that created a " missed opportunity " for Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk of Tesla and SpaceX. Florida Republican Gov. Rick Scott, himself a former businessman . Some of the leaders meeting with President Donald Trump included CEOs from Amazon , Apple and Microsoft . Musk was not on the list after Musk quit two of President Donald Trump business advisory councils following Trump President Donald Trump to leave the Paris climate agreement . Zuckerberg , who also criticized the Paris Trump’s decision to leave the Paris climate agreement Paris there due to a " scheduling conflict , " according to a Facebook spokesman . During an interview on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett Outfront , " Scott was asked about the leaders not being at the meeting . He said , " Scott think it ’s a missed opportunity . I think it ’s important to it down with the President and tell him what you think the President " " If you care about the direction of this country , if you have the opportunity to go to the White House and sit down with the President of the United States , whether it ’s a Republican or Democrat , show up , " he continued . " the President up and tell him what you believe the President Look , no one is going to agree with everything you do , none of us do . But I would be there , I would show up and I would talk about what I care about . " The interview comes as Scott faces growing speculation about whether he will run for Scott US Senate next year . It ’s a bid The interview Trump himself urged Scott to consider on Scott , saying , " He ’s doing a Trump himself job " and " I hope he runs for the Trump himself . " the US Senate governor said he is Trump himself yet to Trump himself the President ’s call . " It ’s 2017 , the race is in 2018 , " Scott said . " Scott wo n’t make a decision until later . Politicians seem to worry about their next job . I ’ve Politicians like 570 days to go in this job . I ’m trying their next job Florida No . 1 for jobs , No . 1 for people being safe     we ’re at a    low on our crime rate     and No . 1 for education . " 
 