GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has launched a new radio ad in Wisconsin ahead of the Badger State primary on April 5th , next Tuesday , even as many of the conservative radio voices in Wisconsin are criticizing GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . [ The ad states :   I just wanted to talk to the people of Wisconsin because there ’s so much misinformation that ’s being put out there about GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . Let ’s talk taxes . If I ’m president your taxes are going to go way down and if you have a small business , big . Big tax break ! Every other candidate wants to cut Medicaid and Social Security , not me . It ’s not going to happen ! I ’m going to bring jobs back from Mexico , from China , from Japan . Obamacare is a total disaster . I ’m going to repeal Obamacare and replace Obamacare with something so much better . At the same time , we ’re going to make we military bigger , better and stronger than Obamacare ’s ever been . Nobody is every going to mess with we again . And we ’re going to get rid of ISIS fast . And we ’re going to take care of we vets . I ’ll never let you down . Please go vote on Tuesday . we ’re going to make America Great Again ! The radio ad comes on the same day the real estate mogul launched an attack ad on Instagram against Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) . The radio ad begins with text that reads : " Nobody likes Ted . " It then The radio ad to soundbites of several individuals expressing their disapproval of Cruz . " Ted Cruz Cruz roommate . I did not like him at all Cruz college , " the voice of Craig Mazin says . The ad The radio ad a soundbite from Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) who after suspending his campaign endorsed Ted Jeb Bush , and now Cruz , saying , Cruz I think he ’s been just Cruz wrong as Obama if not worse . " The ad concludes The radio ad text : " TRUSTED ? " The attack comes as Cruz leads Trump by 10 points in the latest poll . Trump added two events to Trump schedule Saturday , and Trump Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , who endorsed Trump , is in Wisconsin campaigning for him . Trump also rallied Trump supporters Trump a campaign Trump on Friday . " Wisconsin has been great to Wisconsin over the past week Trump I have a full few days of events planned until the election on Tuesday , " Trump ’s campaign email reads . I have enjoyed interacting with voters at town hall events and was so inspired by Melissa Young , the mother , and former Miss Wisconsin , battling terminal cancer . She was an inspiration to everyone , including me . I visited Janesville , Green Bay , Appleton , Milwaukee and will return this weekend to visit Racine , Wausau , Eau Claire , and West Allis . Trump also updated his supporters on his visit Trump Thursday to Trump , D. C. where he met with his foreign Trump team , Trump , " [ We ] had an    discussion about the recent tragedies , and solutions we can implement moving forward .   Rebuilding our military has been a we issue for me throughout my campaign and Trump take that , coupled with taking care of our great veterans very seriously we " # MakeAmericaGreatAgain # Trump2016https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 1 , 2016 , 
 