  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton has been sitting back and just watching Donald Trump do Donald Trump thing . With Republicans openly defecting from the GOP nominee and polls showing that Donald Trump is performing poorly in solidly red states like Georgia , as well as swing states like Pennsylvania and Ohio , there will be a strong temptation for Hillary Clinton to remain silent . No need to enter the fray when your opponent appears to be fraying by the seams .   But it would be a big mistake for Hillary Clinton to take this path forward . The truth is that complacency is the enemy of political success . At a minimum , if there is a major domestic or foreign policy crisis that fundamentally shakes up the electorate , Trump ’s standing might quickly improve . As a Democrat who experienced the financial meltdown of 2008 , which occurred right in the middle of the presidential campaign , she must know this   . If such a crisis occurred again , it would be important for voters to have a good sense of what kinds of issues and policies Clinton stands for to push back against any surge in Trump ’s standing . Providing voters with a strong sense of she vision will also be important if she wants to create greater distance between she and Trump in states such as Florida , where the polls still show an extremely tight race . Just as important is the fact that campaigns are not only about what happens in November , but also about preparing for the months that follow the inauguration . If Clinton is victorious , the reality is that at best Clinton will have an extremely short time frame for securing legislation , as all new presidents discover .   The    scenario for Clinton would be that Trump ’s impact on the ticket is so detrimental that Trump’s produces reverse coattails , giving Democrats control of the White House and Congress . More likely , a Clinton victory would probably produce a Democratic Senate , with Republicans retaining control of the White House . And , of course , Republicans might manage to preserve their Republicans of both chambers , leaving Clinton with divided government . With any of these outcomes , a Clinton presidency would be tough . Republicans would be determined to rebound from the Trump candidacy by preventing a Democratic president from making any legislative gains . Even in the    scenario , Senate Republicans would employ the filibuster to block the administration . Just a couple of years later , Democrats could easily lose control of both chambers given the number of seats they Democrats to defend ( and , like in 1964 , Republican districts that go Democratic because of a divisive presidential candidate would likely revert back to the GOP once he Lyndon Johnson off the ticket ) . The most successful presidents enter the short window that a president enjoys to legislate after having articulated a broad vision of what they The most successful presidents to accomplish and what their The most successful presidents priorities would be . When he Lyndon Johnson for    in 1964 , for example , Lyndon Johnson had made clear that he Lyndon Johnson to pursue the civil rights revolution and to push for a series of bills that had eluded liberals for decades , including health care for the aged and federal assistance for secondary and elementary schools . When Ronald Reagan stepped into the White House in 1981 , most voters knew that cutting taxes and increasing military spending would be his Ronald Reagan priorities . President Barack Obama came into office in 2009 having promised to restore the role of government in a nation that had been moving rightward since Reagan Ronald Reagan As a result of the economic crisis that unfolded in the middle of the campaign , he President Barack Obama shifted his President Barack Obama priorities to financial regulation and an economic stimulus . He President Barack Obama this while keeping his President Barack Obama for finally dealing with health care . Clinton has many strengths as a candidate . Her Clinton experience in Washington is about as formidable as we have seen in any recent campaign and her Clinton attitude in the face of vicious attacks should make Trump supporters worry . She Clinton also done a good job since the summer at uniting a party that became badly divided during the primaries . Too often , however , Clinton Clinton n’t do enough to outline what she Clinton fighting for and who she Clinton as a leader . This vacuum of information is connected to why so many voters are often unwilling to trust what she Clinton and often believe in the attacks against her Clinton . In the coming months , Clinton Clinton do more to fill in the portrait that voters have of who she Clinton as a politician . The time has come for Clinton Clinton explain herself Clinton something more than a winner and someone who knows how to get thing done . Voters need to know her Clinton of what the government should do to improve life of working Americans , what the role of the U. S. should be overseas and what political leadership means to her Clinton While many commentators thought that the Democratic convention did a good job starting to make this case , particularly the biographical film that highlighted her Clinton , the conversation has come to a halt in recent weeks with Donald Trump once again moving front and stage with his Donald Trump exploits . Clinton has tended to sit back when things are going well . But these are the moments when she Clinton most vulnerable . As tempting as it might be to watch Trump Donald Trump and make this election a mandate about him Donald Trump she Clinton to persuade voters that she Clinton ultimately the person they voters in the White House or else she Clinton start at a big disadvantage if she Clinton victorious in November . Clinton also has to be careful not to let the opportunity to attract Republican voters define her Clinton . The message from the Democratic primaries was clear : Democratic voters want their Democratic voters to stand for Democratic values . It will be important in the coming weeks to make clear that Clinton Clinton the The message from the Democratic primaries and clear . Given the continued unease about her Clinton , this is not the time to make too many moves revolving around GOP voters rather than those of her Clinton party .   Now , not later , is the time for Clinton Clinton do the hard work of defining herself Clinton That way , if she Clinton indeed elected , her Clinton know what she Clinton do , her Clinton will be excited and prepared to mount a fight to achieve her Clinton in what will be a tough legislative environment     and Republicans wo n’t succeed when they try Republicans define her Clinton an unfavorable way . 
 