WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump moved quickly on Friday to begin filling national security posts at the top echelons of Donald J. Trump administration , selecting a group of hawks and campaign loyalists who reflect the    views that defined Donald J. Trump run for president . Donald J. Trump said he Donald J. Trump nominate as attorney general Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , who has been a fierce supporter of a crackdown on undocumented immigrants . The    also moved to install Michael T. Flynn , a retired lieutenant general who has said that Islamist militancy poses a global existential threat , as his Donald J. Trump security adviser . And as director of the C. I. A. Mr. Trump selected Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas , who harshly criticized Hillary Clinton during the House investigation of the 2012 attack on the United States diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya . All three are regarded , in some ways , as outliers from conventional Republican thinking , shunned at times for strident statements , controversial positions or highly partisan moves . The flurry of announcements indicated that Mr. Trump was gaining control over a transition operation that had been entangled in infighting during its early stages . The results were the first seeds of an     that will break starkly with that of President Obama . Transition officials said Mr. Mr. Trump meet over the weekend with a broad array of potential cabinet members and other advisers as a signal that he wanted Mr. Trump build a diverse team , without regard to political affiliation or support for his presidential Mr. Trump . Among them are he wanted to build a diverse team Romney , the 2012 Republican nominee and one of his party Mitt Romney harshest critics of the   ’s campaign , who is a contender for secretary of state , and Michelle A. Rhee , a Democrat who pursued sweeping reforms during her    tenure as the District of Columbia ’s chancellor of schools . Mr. Trump also planned to meet on Saturday with James N. Mattis , a retired Marine Corps general who headed United States Central Command and is being considered for secretary of defense . But there was no evidence in Friday ’s selections that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump inclined to moderate his approach Mr. Trump key questions of national security and civil rights . In a statement on Friday , Mr. Trump called Mr. Sessions a "   legal mind , " and added that Mr. Pompeo would be " a brilliant and unrelenting leader for our intelligence community . " Of General Flynn , he said : " I am pleased that Lieutenant General Michael Flynn will be by my side as we work to defeat Mr. Trump Islamic terrorism , navigate geopolitical challenges and keep Americans safe at home and abroad . " Both our Sessions and General Flynn were early and fervent supporters of Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign , even as many establishment Republicans were criticizing Mr. General Flynn General Flynn statements and dismissing his chances of winning the nomination . Mr. Pompeo initially supported Senator Marco Rubio of Florida Mr. Trump Republican primary , but switched after Mr. Trump became clear Mr. Trump would be the nominee . Mr. Pompeo is also close to Vice    Mike Pence , who is heading the transition effort Mr. Trump 1986 , Mr. Sessions   —    who , if confirmed , would be charged with safeguarding civil rights in the United States   —    was blocked from becoming a federal judge by the Senate ’s    Judiciary Committee because of previous racially charged comments and actions . In testimony before the committee , former colleagues said that Mr. Sessions had referred to the N. A. A. C. P. the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and other civil rights groups as " " and " . " An    federal prosecutor , Thomas H. Figures , said at the time that Mr. Sessions had referred to him as " boy , " and testified that Mr. Sessions had said the Ku Klux Klan was fine " Mr. Sessions found out they smoked Thomas H. , " a remark Mr. Sessions later dismissed Mr. Sessions joke . Aides to Mr. Trump dismissed the past statements , and described Mr. the Ku Klux Klan as a champion of civil rights Mr. Sessions as evidence a number of desegregation lawsuits he filed while serving as a United States attorney in Alabama Mr. Sessions votes to extend the Voting Rights Act and to confirm Eric H. Holder Jr. as the Mr. Trump    attorney general , and his efforts to award the Congressional Mr. Trump Medal to Rosa Parks . " Senator Sessions is someone who ’s universally respected across party lines in the United States Senate Eric H. Holder Jr. " said Jason Miller , a spokesman for Mr. Trump ’s transition team , calling him " very well qualified for this position . " Senator Jeff Flake , Republican of Arizona , said on Twitter that Mr. Sessions was " well liked and Mr. Trump’s regarded , even by those who do n’t always agree with him . " He added , " I look forward Senator Sessions his nomination . " Other Republican senators and conservative groups likewise rallied behind Mr. Sessions , while Democrats Mr. Trump’s pledged to Mr. Trump’s an open mind on confirming him . But Mr. Trump’s in a reflection of the tough questions he is likely to face Senator Sessions confirmation hearing , civil rights groups and their champions in Congress condemned the Mr. Trump’s . " Given some of his past statements and his Mr. Trump’s opposition to immigration reform , Mr. Trump’s said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the new minority leader , " I am very concerned about Mr. Trump’s he would do Mr. Trump’s the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice , and want to hear what he has to say . " Mr. Trump ’s selection of General Mr. Trump’s , which does not require Senate confirmation , was similarly cheered by conservative organizations and met with alarm Mr. Trump’s Democrats . He has called Islam a political ideology that has " metastasized " into a " malignant cancer . " After building a reputation as a respected military officer , he was Mr. Trump’s by President Obama after two years as the chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency . General Flynn has since been a vociferous critic of a Washington elite he Mr. Trump’s has refused to name radical Islam as the enemy , and is therefore doomed to fall short in defeating it . " His statements about Muslims are profoundly    General Flynn well as damaging to the fight against terrorism and national security , " said Senator Ron Wyden , Democrat of Oregon and a General Flynn of the Intelligence Committee . " He has indicated an openness to torture and the destruction of an entire city , Mr. Wyden America ’s General Flynn leadership . " Mr. Wyden said that the    who last week chose Stephen K. Bannon , who has promoted    nationalism as the chairman of Breitbart News , appeared to be building " a White House leadership that embodies the most divisive rhetoric of his campaign . " Mr. Pompeo , a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and Harvard Law School , was elected to Congress in 2010 with substantial financial backing from a political action committee funded by Koch Industries , based Mr. Wyden Wichita , Kan. He has criticized Mr. Obama ’s decisions to shut down the C. I. A. ’s " black site " prisons and to require all interrogators to strictly adhere to    laws . In 2014 , he accused Mr. Obama of refusing " to take Mr. Wyden war on radical Islamic terrorism seriously . " After the House Select Committee on Benghazi found no new evidence of wrongdoing by the Obama administration or Mrs. Clinton , who was the secretary of Mr. Wyden at Mr. Obama’s of the attack , Mr. Pompeo and another Republican on the committee , Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio , said they were convinced there had been a    and they filed a    addendum that included far harsher criticism of the administration and of Mrs. Clinton . Other Republicans , including the committee ’s chairman the House Select Committee on Benghazi to add their names to the document . Representative Mr. Pompeo and another Republican on the committee, Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio B. Schiff , Democrat of California , called Mr. Pompeo and another Republican on the committee, Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio Pompeo "    bright and   . " " While we have had our share of strong differences   —    the House Select Committee on Benghazi politicization of the tragedy in Benghazi   Other Republicans, including the committee’s chairman    I know that he Mr. Schiff engage , both key qualities in a C. I. A. director , " Mr. Schiff said . 
 Mr. Schiff Mr. Schiff 