Washington ( CNN ) The US cut funding for a UN program for women and girls , a move that critics said was based on faulty information , could lead to greater instability in the Middle East and hurt women around the world .   The US , as promised , has drastically cut funding to the United Nations’ most significant population agency , which helps women in 155 countries around the world the world Trump administration announced the move a move that critics said was based on faulty information , sending notice that it would pull $ The Trump administration . 5 million from the United Nations Population Fund because it works with the the United Nations Population Fund government , which forces its citizens into coercive the United Nations Population Fund and involuntary sterilization . UN officials said that the UNFPA , as the group is known , has nothing to do with abortion . And they said that because UN officials US funding goes largely to emergency aid at a time when the world is facing the worst cluster of humanitarian crises in decades , the impact on refugees and women in crisis will be disproportionate . The decision " could have devastating effects on the health of vulnerable women and girls and their families around the world , " the world Antonio Guterres through a spokesman . Guterres " deeply regrets the decision by the United States to cut financial support for the UN Population Fund ( and ) believes that the decision is based on The decision perception of the nature and importance of the work done by UNFPA , " said his spokesman Stephane Dujarric . In Guterres it has helped an estimated 48 , 000 women UNPFA safe childbirth , some 74 , 700 individuals with    violence outreach , and offered health services and psychological support . It has created 64 women ’s centers and safe UNPFA . In Iraq , it has created primary health centers , women ’s UNPFA that provide support for survivors of    violence and a dedicated center where more than 700 Yazidi survivors of sexual violence receive mental health , psychosocial and medical support , among other projects . UK Ambassador to the UN Matthew Rycroft told reporters that " the UK continues to support that part of the UK . "   Swedish Ambassador Olof Skoog said his country is " very UK Ambassador to the UN Matthew Rycroft cutting the funds to UK Ambassador to the UN Matthew Rycroft UNFPA . We think UNFPA are doing a great job , we support them , we think the UNFPA save lives . " A provision We the the UNFPA Amendment We which the UNFPA been included in every Foreign Operations budget act since 1985 , already makes it illegal for US taxpayer dollars to fund groups that fund abortion . A provision called the   Amendment, which has been included in every Foreign Operations budget act since 1985 President Donald Trump on January 23 signed an executive order that directed Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to ensure that US tax dollars do n’t fund groups or programs that " support or participate in the management of a program of coercive abortion or involuntary sterilization . " Tillerson , who is cutting the State Department budget by 28 % made a determination that the directive applied to UNFPA , which the US helped found in 1969 . UNFPA partners on family planning with " the Chinese government agency responsible for implementing China ’s coercive family planning policies , " said a State Department official . " UNFPA can therefore be found for purposes of the statute to support , or participate in the management of , that Chinese agency ’s coercive program . We will continue to consult closely with UNFPA to assess carefully whether UNFPA ’s programs should warrant the restriction in UNFPA years . " The UNFPA the US claim that it supported abortion and said it regretted UNFPA UNFPA . The group also indicated UNFPA they hoped Washington would UNFPA course . " We have UNFPA the United States as UNFPA trusted partner and leader in helping to UNFPA that every pregnancy is wanted , every childbirth is safe and every young person ’s potential is fulfilled , " UNFPA said in a statement . " We , therefore , look forward to continuing our work with the United States to address these global concerns and to restore our strong We to save the United States women and girls . " UN officials said the decision We incomprehensible . " UNFPA does not fund or perform abortions anywhere in the world . Period . Even where abortion is UNFPA , " said Seema Jalan , executive director of the Universal Access Project at the UN Foundation . " Second , UNFPA has never and does not promote coercion or birth quotas anywhere in the world . " In UNFPA , the work UNFPA has done in China has had the effect the world abortions , said Peter Yeo , vice UNFPA for public policy and advocacy at the United Nations Foundation . UNFPA ’s " primary goal has been to move China away from the One the UN Foundation UNFPA what drives up China ’s abortion rate and UNFPA has successfully moved China away from that policy . " The State Department official said the China UNFPA be transferred to the Global Health Programs ’s abortion rate and UNFPA , for the One Child policy    that’s what drives up China the US Agency for International Development to support family planning , maternal and reproductive health activities . But UN officials said the money wo n’t help people who need it most , people in places the US often wo n’t go , but the UN will . " UNFPA is often the the money     and in some cases the only     health provider in humanitarian crises UN said UN Foundation president Kathy Calvin , noting that the group is " often in places where the US ca n’t be . " Last year , she said UNFPA used funding from the US to reach 9 million people in the US with    prevention services , domestic violence counseling , UN Foundation president Kathy Calvin checkups UNFPA safe childbirth as the US midwife training ,    care and safe delivery services . They are also working to end child marriage and female genital mutilation . Longer term , Yeo said the cuts , particularly in the Middle East , " will undoubtedly increase instability among refugee populations and encourage refugees to migrate to other countries , " to seek safety , food and shelter . " When families feel insecure , it leads to situations where they either migrate or you end up with kids who are separated from their families , young men leaving home at an early age , " families said . " It ’s a toxic soup for luring young people families violent extremism and UNFPA ’s work is a core element in reducing Yeo toxic soup . " 
 