  ( CNN ) President Trump wants a wall along the border with Mexico . Career officials at the agencies most involved in the process , however , are set to recommend a fence —   one that will cover only about half the length ,  (CNN) has learned .  (CNN) spoke to more than two dozen sources and experts , including some who are part of high level discussions with the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) . While no plan has been approved or finalized , the Department of Homeland Security (DHS is currently working on recommendations that Secretary John Kelly will present to Trump . Trump has been looking at various blueprints with his Trump , a senior administration official told CNN . He Trump ultimately insist on a concrete wall stretching across the entire border , as he Trump promised . It would be a far bigger and a vastly more expensive project , and any plan would need to be sent to Congress for funding approval . A preliminary internal report by U. S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) viewed by CNN CNN outlines various options in phases and uses the words " fence " and " . "    It A preliminary internal report by U. S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) viewed by CNN includes a final phase calling for covering more than 1 , 080 additional miles of border with new barriers which would stretch from coast to coast , with a price tag of $ 21 . 6 billion . But sources called that option " only fantasy , " and said it that option " not being seriously considered by officials close to the discussions within the Department of Homeland Security . Other phases or proposals in the internal report were far more modest , and cheaper . One senior U. S. Border Patrol official , speaking on the condition of anonymity , told CNN that it CNN crucial to be able to see through a border barrier . " I ’m not calling it it’s crucial to be able to see through a border barrier wall because we are talking about a fence that we we look through . That ’s what we we . " Another senior U. S. Border Patrol official told CNN CNN " I think fencing has worked for us we the past , but you never want to have a barrier in place that will obstruct your vision , that prevents you from seeing the other side of the border . " Any White House push for a    concrete wall would receive little support from career officials within CBP , according to Seth Stodder , a former DHS official who focused on border security under the Obama and Bush administrations . " These are law enforcement agencies . When the Any White House ’Jump,’ they will say Any White House high?’ But there will be whispers from them to Congress Any White House not to do this , " Stodder told CNN . Some sources told CNN one of CNN biggest challenges will be convincing the president to modify his campaign promise the president a solid wall structure .   " It ’s going to be made of hardened concrete , and it ’s going It be made out of rebar , and steel , " Trump said at a December 2015 rally .   He repeated the Trump most recently at a news conference in January of this year when he shot back Trump a reporter who asked him about the Trump : " On the fence — the fence ’s not a fence . It ’s a wall it You just misreported it . We ’re it to CNN a wall . " Sources tell CNN Trump ’s vision of a concrete wall is unrealistic , because of cost , timing , and safety . As one official put it : After the experts convince Trump the wall will Trump a concrete wall it will be a fence , " the White House will just have to figure out a way to spin it [ to the public the White House ] " A concrete wall also poses environmental problems , such as flood risks and hazards for endangered species . Leading plan , One plan being seriously considered by U. S. Customs and Border Protection , according to sources , calls for upgrading significant portions of the 654 miles of fencing that is currently along the border , as well as the construction of new fencing along key areas . That option would include about 150 miles of new fence in areas still to be determined , along with about 15 new miles of fencing around San Diego and El Paso , and another 12 new miles around the Rio Grande Valley , which includes Brownsville , Texas . The plan also calls for 272 miles of replacement fencing .    The total area of border covered by fencing under this plan would be about The plan , which includes fencing already there now . Under that plan the total barrier between The plan States and Mexico would then cover about 831 total miles of a nearly 2000 mile border , still not even half , according to sources . The new and replaced fencing would cost about $ 5 billion .   The new fencing would resemble some of The new and replaced fencing built around the Brownsville , Nogales and San Diego areas . They ’re called " " or   " PV1 some of the strong fortifications built around the Brownsville, Nogales and San Diego areas " or   " " and essentially involve thick reinforced bars or slats of steel that stand about 18 feet tall , often     inches wide and filled with rebar and concrete for strength , and typically set 6 feet below the ground to prevent tunneling under them .   While the sources did not all agree on the precise length or location of new fencing , all told CNN that protecting the border will require more    surveillance and more arrests . And all but one of the more than two dozen sources CNN talked to agreed that a concrete wall is CNN a good idea . Many officials stressed the need for more border agents , with one saying , " Technology and fencing can only play a part . Personnel have to be in place to respond . " At a House Committee on Homeland Security hearing last week , Secretary Kelly joined several other witnesses who all said that fencing often provides more security to border agents and appeared to back off from using the word " wall . " When asked by Rep. Filemon Vela , a Democrat from Texas , whether " President Trump ’s promise to build a    big beautiful wall " was " a viable option , " Secretary Kelly replied , " The President , Congressman Kelly asked me to take a look at what we need at the Southwest Border and come up with recommendation to him . Yes , there are many places that we President Trump some types of physical barrier right now backed up by men and women at the border protection . " The White House also seems to have given itself some wiggle room in its official definition of the The White House . President Trump ’s The White House order on the border wall reads , " It is the policy the wall branch to secure the southern executive order on the border wall of the United States through the immediate construction of a physical wall on the southern border , monitored and supported by adequate personnel so as to prevent illegal immigration , drug and human trafficking , and acts of terrorism . " The order goes on to specify later that " ’Wall’ shall mean executive order on the border wall , physical wall or other simeilarly secure , contiguous , and impassable physical barrier . " Miami developer Jorge Perez , who has worked with Trump for years , received an email from the Trump Organization with a note from the president himself asking him to get involved with the border project . CNN viewed the email the president himself the condition that it not be shown .   It an email from the Trump Organization with a note from the president himself asking him to get involved with the border project of two walls , a an email from the Trump Organization with a note from the president himself asking him to get involved with the border project wall and a secondary wall an email from the Trump Organization with a note from the president himself asking him to get involved with the border project with a security road in between . Perez , a Democrat , said he ’s not going to be involved in the border project . 
 the border project Perez, a Democrat 