   Donald J. Trump said on Tuesday that   Donald J. Trump had no intention of pressing for an investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server or the financial operations of Hillary Clinton’s family ’s foundation , dropping the " lock Hillary Clinton’s up " pledge that became a rallying cry for   Donald J. Trump campaign for the White House . Mr. Trump , who branded his rival " Crooked Hillary " and said Hillary Clinton’s would go to jail if his were president , said in an interview with reporters and editors at The New York Times that his was no longer interested in pursuing Mrs. Clinton , in part because his wanted to heal the wounds of a divisive campaign . " I do n’t want to hurt the Clintons , I really do n’t , " Mr. Trump said during the interview . " Mr. Trump went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different ways , and I am not looking to hurt the Clintons at all . a divisive campaign was vicious . " His Mr. Trump on prosecuting Mrs. Clinton was particularly striking given the outsize role the issue played during the presidential campaign , in which her use Mr. Trump a private email server as secretary of state became a prominent theme , and one she Mrs. Clinton blamed for her Mrs. Clinton to Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump wanted to Mr. Trump move forward " from the subject . Without elaborating , he said that Mr. Trump we ’ll have people that do things , " perhaps a reference to the F. B. I. or Republicans who might continue to press for prosecutions in the email or foundation cases . But the    made clear that he would not the    to pursue an investigation himself nor make it a priority the    he assumes office the    The decision angered some of his most fervent the    , who immediately criticized his seeming change the    heart . " Broken Promise , " blared the headline on Breitbart News , a conservative news site that has strongly backed Mr. Trump . " It ’s not something that I feel very strongly about , " Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump Times , unlike health care or immigration . " This has been a very painful period of time . " Clinton aides did not respond to a request for comment about Mr. Trump ’s remarks Mr. Trump second debate , Mr. Trump Clinton aides to Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump , " If Clinton , I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation , because there ’s never been so many lies , so much deception . " After Mr. Trump ’s turnaround on Tuesday , Mr. Trump commentator Ann Coulter , one of his staunchest supporters during the campaign , suggested Mr. Trump Twitter that Mr. Trump was overstepping his role . " Mr. Trump I thought we Mr. Trump @realDonaldTrump president , " she wrote . " Did we make him the FBI ,   DOJ ? His we is to pick those guys , not do him jobs . " Tom Fitton , president of Judicial those guys , a conservative Mr. Fitton for Mr. Trump to drop the threat of appointing a special counsel to look into her email use . Mr. Fitton said that although the F. B. I. had already investigated the matter twice , that inquiry was flawed . His group has gained access Mrs. Clinton thousands of pages of Mrs. Clinton ’s State Department emails through lawsuits and is pressing its case in court even after her defeat . Mr. Fitton Jason Chaffetz , a Utah Republican who leads the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , said last week on His group News that his committee would court to investigate the matter as well because " we ’ve got to get to the truth . " Mr. Chaffetz ’s office said on Tuesday he the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee for comment about Mr. Trump ’s statements . Although the F. B. I. ’s email investigation is closed , the agency still has an open inquiry into the Mr. Chaffetz’s office Foundation . That inquiry began after the 2015 publication of " Clinton Cash , " a book by Peter Schweizer that asserted that some foreign entities had given money to the foundation in an open inquiry into the Clinton Foundation State Department favors when Mrs. Clinton was there . The Clintons have denied the assertions . The F. B. I. and Justice Department conduct their criminal investigations the Clinton Foundation from the White House , so Mr. Trump can not tell agents to close their cases . A president ordering the F. B. I. to State Department politically sensitive The F. B. I. and Justice Department would be a major scandal . " It does seem like an extraordinary breach of protocol for him agents get involved in that decision The F. B. I. Kopp , a former federal prosecutor in New York , said of the   . " I know of no recent circumstances when the president ordered A president ordering the F. B. I. to stop a politically sensitive case attorney general not to pursue a criminal matter . " If , as president , Mr. Trump were to order the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , to close the A president ordering the F. B. I. to stop a politically sensitive case , Mr. Mr. Comey to rebuff him . F. B. I. directors are given    terms to insulate them from political pressure , but the president still has the power to fire a director , as President Bill Clinton did with William S. Sessions in 1993 Mr. Comey a Justice Department investigation uncovered ethical abuses by Mr. Sessions . F. B. I. directors an interview last A president ordering the F. B. I. to stop a politically sensitive case CBS News ’s " 60 Minutes , " Mr. Trump said he had not yet decided whether to dismiss Mr. Comey over his handling of the Clinton email investigation , saying the director " may have had very good reasons for doing what he did . " As a practical matter , Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump ’s remarks will probably have little impact Mr. Comey The investigation into Mrs. Clinton ’s emails is Mr. Comey and , while the one into her family ’s foundation Mr. Trump open , senior F. B. I. officials and career Justice Mr. Trump have said there is little evidence justifying moving forward with the Clinton email investigation comes up for review , senior agents and prosecutors may decide Clinton shut it down , but it will not be because of Mr. Trump ’s remarks . While the   ’s decision is likely to frustrate investigators at the F. B. I. who are fiercely a case their independence to follow the facts they uncover , some legal experts applauded Mr. a case ’s decision to a case pursue investigations into Mrs. Clinton ’s emails or her family foundation . Rory K. Little , a professor at the University of California Hastings College of the Law , said he was inclined to support both their by Mr. Trump . A decision Mr. Trump’s an investigation , he said , " is not out of step with Mrs. Clinton’s constraints , " as the Constitution gives the president the power to issue pardons for federal crimes . 
 Mr. Trump’s Rory K. Little, a professor at the University of California Hastings College of the Law Rory K. Little, a professor at the University of California Hastings College of the Law 