NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Indiana Gov. Mike Pence compared presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump to President Ronald Reagan during his first speech as the 2016 GOP nominee for vice president ( VP ) on Saturday . [ " Donald Trump is a good man and Donald Trump will make a great President of the United States of America , " the Republican VP candidate stated in front of roughly 300 supporters at the Hilton in Midtown Manhattan on Saturday morning . It was the first appearance the two made together since officially becoming runningmates . " Donald Trump understands the frustrations and the hopes of the American people like no leader since Ronald Reagan . The the American people tired . We ’re tired of being told that this is as good as it gets . "   " As Ronald Reagan said Ronald Reagan ’re tired of We told that a little intellectual elite in a far distant capital can plan our lives better for We than we can We them We ourselves . a little intellectual elite in a far distant capital Trump We it and he understands the American Donald Trump , " Pence added . " I actually started in politics in the other party , but when I came of age I was inspired by the ideals and the eloquence of our 40th president and I became a Republican , " Pence explained of his Pence for Reagan Donald Trump Trump officially announced Pence Donald Trump his VP Pence on Donald Trump Friday , but the two appeared for the first time together in New York City where Pence accepted Trump ’s Pence to Donald Trump as his running mate . Donald Trump I thank Donald Trump for the Donald Trump ’ve placed in us and I accept your invitation to run and serve as Vice President of the United States , " Pence declared . " I Pence to this moment deeply humbled . " He added that he was Donald Trump grateful to Donald Trump for his amazing grace   … Donald Trump and grateful to this builder , this fighter , this patriotic American who has set aside a legendary career in business to build a stronger America , Donald J. Trump . " " I ’m a Christian , a conservative , and a Republican in that order , " Pence told the audience , describing himself as " a small Donald Trump boy " from southern Indiana . " I answered this call for two reasons , " Pence said of deciding to Pence Trump ’s running mate . Donald J. Trump First , because I know from first hand experience that strong Republican leadership can bring about real change   …     and secondly , because Hillary Clinton must never become President of the United States of America " 
 