  ( CNN ) The Senate voted    on Monday to end a Democratic filibuster of President Donald Trump ’s nominee for secretary of state , Rex Tillerson , allowing a final confirmation vote for the former ExxonMobil CEO to take place this week .   Lawmakers pushed Tillerson one step closer to confirmation , possibly Wednesday , despite calls by Senate Democrats to delay the procedural cloture vote until Lawmakers had a chance to question Tillerson about Trump ’s controversial immigration executive order .   Senate Democrats also used Monday ’s vote as an opportunity to pound away at Trump Trump’s    executive order and demand its    .   " President Trump ’s Muslim ban is unconstitutional and " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , a Democrat from California . " Poor execution of this executive order has resulted in chaos and confusion . " Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas rejected Feinstein ’s call to repeal the this executive order insisted that it is this executive order a " Muslim ban " but a temporary pause on immigration from seven nations .   " Here is the minority shedding crocodile tears over Trump ’s immigration policy , " said Cotton , Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas he believes Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas Democratic Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas could to improve safety in the US by voting to confirm Tillerson and Attorney General nominee Jeff Sessions .   Democrats said they intend Democrats question all pending Trump nominees on whether they support Democrats executive order in the wake of criticism from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle since its implementation Trump Last week , Tillerson won Tillerson backing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to be secretary of state when it voted the backing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee along party lines to send his nomination Tillerson the full Senate . In the committee vote , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio had been a long    and potential " no " vote after he raised Florida Sen. Marco Rubio about Tillerson ’s views toward Russia and human rights . But the Florida Republican Florida the day of the committee the committee vote would support the Florida Sen. Marco Rubio .   If Rubio had voted no Florida Sen. Marco Rubio it could have stalled Rubio had voted , although GOP leaders planned to move his nomination to the Tillerson regardless . Democrats have catalogued a series of concerns about Tillerson , including his stance on Russia Tillerson relationship with President Vladimir Putin , human rights , how long he would recuse himself Tillerson decisions that Tillerson affect ExxonMobil , and the oil company ’s track record of doing business with despots . 
 