In an interview this weekend to promote his latest film , Michael Moore in TrumpLand , the liberal documentary filmmaker says that anyone voting for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is a " legal terrorist " who wants to " blow up the old way , " and contends that Americans need to be protected from Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump as if Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump were a pedophile . [ Michael Moore told Rolling Stone on Friday that those disaffected with Washington and the political system in America have a unique opportunity to " blow up " that system on November 8 , but Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump urged those people to think of the " damage " those people could do by being a " legal terrorist . "   " You get to get back at that system now and blow it that system and this is the only day you can do it that system , " Moore told the outlet of the act of voting for Trump . " He Moore told everybody that ’s what he Moore going to do . He Moore the outsider who is going to ride into town and blow up the old way . So you , as a voter , get to participate in the detonation . He Moore going to get a lot of votes from people who actually just want to sit back and watch the thing blow up . " Moore Moore that he Moore not want to " pick on " Trump Trump , because , he Moore , the candidate has a " mental illness " and he the candidate like for him Moore " get help . " " At the same time , you have to protect the population from him Moore you do with a pedophile , " he Moore . " A pedophile does n’t need to be in prison they A pedophile sick . They A pedophile to be separated from us so they A pedophile n’t hurt children . But you have to treat it that way . " Moore has been a consistent commentator in the    to the 2016 election . Last year , the Moore outside of Trump Tower in Manhattan with a placard reading , " We Are All Muslim , " while earlier this year , he called Moore Trump ’s daughter Ivanka to give her father an " intervention " and urge him to Moore out of the race . Still , Moore has Moore several times that Trump will Trump the presidency in November . In his interview Moore Rolling Stone , the filmmaker Moore does n’t Moore polls that show Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton with a comfortable lead . " I saw what happened in the [ Michigan Democratic ] primary in March , where Hillary was ahead in every national poll by eight to 20 points ahead of Bernie [ Sanders ] in Michigan . How Michigan she go from Hillary to losing 12 hours later ? " Moore told Rolling Stone . " I do not believe the polls . " The filmmaker added Moore wants to see Moore pull off a "   sweep " that also sees Democrats    control of both the House and the Senate . " First of all , be for Hillary . But secondly , we need to defeat not just Trump , but whatever it is he springs from the not just Trump dinosaurs that exist in this country who miss the old way where the white man was going to run the show , " Moore said . " Last month , we just got the second year in a row where the majority of kindergarteners in school in this country were not white . So welcome to the new America . " Read Moore ’s full Moore Moore Stone here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 