Washington ( CNN ) Democratic electors are launching one last bid to block Donald Trump from taking the White House     reaching out to Democratic electors Republican counterparts with the plea Democratic electors break rank and support another Republican candidate .   Democrats are working with a group that ’s lobbying electors from states Donald Trump won to get Democrats to vote against Donald Trump . The effort is just the latest dive into the mechanics of American democracy by Donald Trump opponents , on the left and right , and is astronomically unlikely to the point of being virtually impossible . " Nothing ’s ever a done deal . Quite honestly , Mr. Donald Trump not the " said Polly Baca , an elector from Colorado , noting that Trump is Donald Trump technically    until the electoral votes have been compiled by the Electoral College . Baca , Polly Baca, an elector from Colorado she has been working on Republican electors since she Colorado the effort Polly Baca, an elector from Colorado day after the election and she admits Polly Baca, an elector from Colorado " I ’m like Don Quixote . " To Polly Baca, an elector from Colorado Trump , the group would have to convince 37 electors to break with the results from their states and either abstain from voting for Trump or select someone 37 electors . They have until December 19 , Trump electors gather in statehouses across 37 electors nation to formally record their votes for president .   They call their effort Hamilton Elector 37 electors Federalist Paper # 68 , 37 electors which 37 electors Hamilton wrote that the Electoral College would stand as one more check on power     part of the movement , at that time , to win ratification of the Constitution . Hamilton ’s argument was that the College would prevent against selecting a Alexander Hamilton poor judgment or under the Electoral College of a foreign government , said Ryan Clayton , a volunteer with   the project and veteran liberal activist . " If you read Federalist 68 , it literally reads like a list of attributes for Donald Trump , " Clayton Federalist 68 . If they can succeed in denying Trump the 270 electoral votes needed to win , the decision would then go Donald Trump the House of Representatives , where delegations of representatives from each state would decide whom to support .   Messages left with Trump ’s transition team and Clinton ’s campaign were not immediately returned Wednesday . Donald Trump been cases before of electors breaking from their state ’s popular vote tallies before       " faithless electors "     but they each state and unorganized . " I do n’t think this year is a normal electors breaking from their state’s popular vote tallies before      "faithless electors"     , it ’s been a very divisive campaign and I ’m reaching out to Republican electors , Democratic this year , searching for a unity Hamilton candidate to really unite this country , " Micheal Baca , a Colorado elector , told CNN ’s Carol Costello Wednesday . Micheal Baca , who is unrelated to Polly Baca , said that it ’s not impossible to convince the electors to switch . " It can be . It ’s within the rules , it ’s within the law , " he said . 
 It It 