  ( CNN ) Former FBI Director James Comey will testify publicly before the Senate intelligence committee , committee leaders announced Friday .   Panel Chairman Richard Burr and Vice Chairman Mark Warner said Panel Chairman Richard Burr and Vice Chairman Mark Warner will schedule the hearing for after Memorial Day . A date has not been set . " the Senate intelligence committee looks forward to receiving testimony from the former director on his the former director in the development of the intelligence community assessment on Russian interference in the 2016 US elections , and I am hopeful that he the former director clarify for the American people recent events that have been broadly reported in the media , " Burr said in a statement . Warner said Comey ’s testimony would help " answer some of the questions that have arisen since Director Comey so suddenly dismissed by the President . " Comey has Comey at the heart of the scandals enveloping the White House after Trump fired him last Comey while he was Comey the FBI ’s investigation into Russia ’s    meddling and contact with the Trump campaign Trump Comey ’s Comey been sought by numerous congressional committees after news broke last week that last week written Comey memo stating President Donald Trump had asked him to drop Comey investigation into Comey national security adviser Michael Flynn . But it appears Comey has chosen Comey testify just once more before Congress . Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley and ranking Democrat Dianne Feinstein issued a joint statement Friday saying they were " extremely Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley and ranking Democrat Dianne Feinstein " he declined an Comey to testify before their panel . " Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley and ranking Democrat Dianne Feinstein is no reason he ca n’t Comey before both the Intelligence and Judiciary committees , particularly given that the Judiciary committee is the FBI ’s primary oversight committee with broad jurisdiction over federal law enforcement , FISA and the nomination of the next FBI director , " FBI senators said . House oversight committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz also announced a hearing next week in which he had invited Comey House oversight committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz testify , but he did so before House oversight committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz contact with Comey , and it Comey unlikely the making contact with Comey FBI director the next FBI director A Chaffetz spokeswoman did not immediately respond to House oversight committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz request to comment on whether Comey had indicated if he would testify Comey Chaffetz , who Comey Thursday he is leaving Congress at the end Comey June , has requested Comey ’s memos , as has the Comey Committee and the House Intelligence Committee . Whether Comey would testify at all about his memos Comey firing before Congress was an Comey question among lawmakers after Congress Justice Department on Wednesday named Robert Mueller as special counsel to investigate allegations of collusion between Russian officials and Trump campaign aides in Moscow ’s efforts to influence the election . There were concern among some , such as Sen. Lindsey Graham , that the special counsel would diminish Congress’ investigations , though the leaders of those probes have insisted they will continue along with Mueller ’s investigation the leaders of those probes Comey ’s memo about Trump ’s comments on the Flynn investigation has only added to concerns Mueller’s investigation House ’s shifting explanations for Comey ’s dismissal . White House aides initially said that Comey’s him on the the White House Deputy Attorney General Rod Trump’s over Trump’s ’s handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s Comey , but the Mueller’s investigation he had already planned to fire Comey . Rosenstein confirmed to lawmakers in briefings the President that the President the President planned to Comey Comey when he wrote Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein over Comey memo detailing the FBI director ’s alleged transgressions the President Comey Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein over Comey Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein over Comey 