’   ’ ’    Fox News host Chris Wallace voiced Fox News host Chris Wallace discomfort with White    House press secretary Sean Spicer’ ’s answer to a reporter’ ’s    questions regarding President Donald Trump’ ’s " tape " tweet made on    Friday . ’ ’    Trump   in    reference to his FBI director that his fired earlier this week :    " James Comey better hope that there are no ’’ tapes ’’ of our    conversations before James Comey starts leaking to the press ! " ’ ’    Spicer , during Spicer daily White House press briefing , answered    reporter Jeff Mason’ ’s question of . " The President has    nothing further to add on that , " said Spicer . " That’ ’s not a    threat , That’ simply stated a fact . The tweet speaks for The tweet . " ’ ’    " When I heard that exchange today between Jeff Mason , a White    House reporter , and Sean Spicer speaking from the podium in the    briefing room for the President of the United States , it took my    break away , " said Wallace to Fox News host Shepard Smith . "    was    asked specifically , ’’ Is there a recording device in the Oval    Office of the President of the United States ? ’’ the United States ’’ I have       for you on that .    " ’ "    Wallace , whose career spans decades of service in several news    outlets , also made the comparison between the Watergate scandal    during Richard Nixon ’s tenure in the 1970s . " ’    " That was what in Watergate they called a    denial , Watergate    said Wallace . " [ Spicer ] could have said ’’ no . ’’ He could have said    ’’ yes Wallace ’’ He said    I have nothing for Wallace on that . ’’ " ’ Wallace    " Look , it may just be that the president is trolling the press    corps and saying ’’ Work yourself into a frenzy about all this ’’ and    turns out it’ ’s nothing , " continued Wallace . " But why would he do    that ? Why would " continued Wallace want to decrease the credibility which " continued Wallace    already in question of this White House and comments that are    made from that podium ? ’ ’    " It seems to me that you’’re playing a very dangerous " continued Wallace with    the currency of the credibility of the President of the United    States . " ’ ’ ’ ’Fox News host Chris Wallace voiced his . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ Chris Wallace 