  ( CNN ) After meeting with Muslim leaders in Saudi Arabia and visiting sacred sites in Jerusalem , President Donald Trump ’s tour of world religions concluded Wednesday at the Vatican , the Catholic Church ’s holy headquarters .   There , at the Apostolic Palace , President Donald Trump met with Pope Francis     finally .   It ’s a meeting millions had been waiting for , an encounter between two of the world ’s most intriguing and complex characters : The holy man in white who preaches good news to the poor and the brash businessman in the dark suit who embodies American extravagance .   After months of talking     and tweeting     past one another , as well as a very public spat over international borders , the Pope and President met at last , with nary a barrier between the Pope and President .   A boxing promoter might have been tempted to call it the " Sistine Showdown " or " Rumble in Rome . " Churchmen , alas , chose more sober sobriquets . " It will be a meeting without ’walls,’ " the Rev. Antonio Spadaro , a close associate of the Pope , said a few days before the President ’s visit .   Walls , of course , were the subject of Walls famous feud .   Shortly after celebrating a large outdoor Mass at the Mexican border last year , Francis said that people who think only of building barriers instead of bridges are " not Christian . " Trump dismissed the comments as " disgraceful " and called the Pope a pawn of the Mexican government .   It was catnip to a culture that feasts on conflict : A politician and the Pope sparring in the middle of a heated presidential election . But neither man seemed eager to continue the clash . The Vatican said Francis’ comments were " not a personal attack , " and Trump said Trump " does n’t like fighting with the Pope . " Still , the the Pope the Pope condemn    political rhetoric , even if he never the Pope Trump himself . the Pope day before the presidential election , he warned the Pope not to be tempted by " the false security of physical or social walls . " " Dear brothers and sisters , " he said the Pope " all walls fall . All of them . all walls not be fooled . " After the election the presidential election of Francis’ closest American allies picked up the Pope ’s banner , sounding ready to lead an    resistance .   " What keeps despots , dictators awake at night , what topples evil empires is the little person who goes into the square in the middle of the town in the dark of the night and scrawls on the wall , ’No,’ " Cardinal Joseph Tobin of Newark , New Jersey , said earlier this month at a rally to support a Mexican immigrant threatened with deportation .   " And I want to say to you , we ’No,’" Cardinal Joseph Tobin of Newark, New Jersey the ’No’ that God scrawls on the wall . the wall Daniel Flores said his flock in the Bishop Daniel Flores town of Brownsville , Texas , is anxious about the    rhetoric coming from the highest levels of government . They wanted the Pope his flock in the border town of Brownsville, Texas say something about it to Trump . the Pope " People here see the Pope as someone the Pope the integrity of immigrants’ identity , " Flores said . " They are hoping , his flock in the border town of Brownsville, Texas he meets the President , Flores there may be some progress in understanding , especially in halting efforts to dehumanize the immigrant population . "    Still , most experts said before the meeting they did n’t expect Francis most experts take Trump to the woodshed     or drag him to the confessional booth Francis   At a recent news conference , the Pope said he would n’t judge Trump the Pope their meeting or Trump to the meeting on political issues . Instead the Pope he ’d look for areas of the Pope .    " Always there are doors that are not closed . Look for the doors that are at least a little bit open , enter and talk about common things and go on . Step by step . " Trump , in his weekly address Trump , said Trump looked forward to " the Trump " of meeting the Pope and discussing " how Christian teachings can help put the world on a path to justice , freedom and peace . "   That ’s a slight misunderstanding of typical meetings between the Vatican and politicians , said Massimo Faggioli , a professor of Catholic history at Villanova University .   The Holy See , in addition to being the spiritual home of the Catholic Church , is a sovereign nation , with diplomats posted across the world , including in the United States .   " When the Vatican speaks to heads of state , they do n’t talk about religion heads of state " Faggioli said . They talk about global issues , heads of state as   human trafficking , the refugee crisis and the environment . Finding common ground , Despite their awkward history , the Pope heads of state President share some commonalities , Faggioli said , particularly their remarkable Faggioli to power . the Pope and President Trump ’s businesses descended into multiple bankruptcies before he recovered his financial footing and Faggioli a Faggioli star . Francis was exiled by his Jesuit community , a banishment Francis only ended when he was appointed a bishop . Francis is the first American without Trump’s or military experience to occupy the Oval Office . Francis is the first Latin American Francis sit in St. American chair .    " They are both outsiders , both survivors of big challenges , " Faggioli said . " Both of their careers were considered over at one They , and they came back . "   In Both of their careers 2013 , Trump said he saw echoes of himself in the Trump pontiff .   Trump The new Pope is a humble man , " Trump tweeted , " very much like Trump , which probably explains why I like him so much ! " Humble or Trump , Trump , like the Pope , presents Trump as a The new Pope the voiceless Trump an enemy of elitism and a fighter for men and women forgotten by the march of modern globalism . And both are prone to an    spontaneity that often leaves aides scrambling to corral the consequences .   That ’s what makes Wednesday ’s meeting so unpredictable . No one knows what will happen . But we know a little about the agenda .   What will they talk about ?    National security adviser Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster said Trump ’s agenda includes religious freedom , cooperating with the Catholic Church in humanitarian missions and combating religious persecution and human trafficking .   Ivanka Trump , the President ’s daughter , will also meet with the Catholic community Sant’Egidio to discuss human trafficking , according to the White House .   The Pope often starts conversations on areas of agreement , said Spadaro , the Jesuit editor .   " Francis , the Pope of bridges , wants to speak openly with any head of state who asks him because he knows that in crises , The Pope are The Pope absolute ’good’ or ’bad’ people , but specific interests are always at play . " Those issues , other church experts said , could include abortion , euthanasia , religious freedom and the need to protect persecuted Christians , particularly in the Middle East , on which Francis and Trump share similar views .     But the Pope was also expected to raise several issues on which he and the President do not agree , the Pope experts say , such as climate change and the plight of Syrian refugees . The Pope issued a lengthy encyclical warning of the Pope the Pope collapse . Trump has called climate change a Chinese hoax Trump   And with an executive order , now contested in US courts , Trump has tried to bar Syrian migrants from Trump the United States . The Pope , meanwhile , has welcomed several Syrian the Pope now live inside Vatican City .    At the same time , the Pope seems increasingly concerned about the    rhetoric emanating the Pope United States and North Korea , warning that a military the United States scale could kill a " large part of humanity . "   Disagreements aside , Francis will likely let Trump do most of the talking , said Austen Ivereigh , author of " The Great Reformer , " a biography of Pope Francis . Above all , Francis wants to make a personal connection with the American President .   Francis He knows that Trump is an erratic and volatile person , and a Francis result of Trump meeting for Francis would be that he could later pick up the phone and say Francis Trump , ’Mr Francis President , hold on , or please think again . ’ " Reading body language , Rep. Francis Rooney , Vatican ambassador from    said much of the statecraft occurs on the sidelines of the main event , in meetings between the countries’ chief diplomats .   The Holy See has humanitarian missions in hundreds of countries , and often offers help in broaching difficult diplomatic situations . For instance , church leaders provided crucial connections between the United States and Cuba as the United States relations .   After the Pope the United States and North Korea Vatican the Pope and President issue short and church leaders vague statements about the topics they discussed . No one except the Pope , the President and their two translators will know what was said behind closed Vatican and White House   But everyone can read their body language at the beginning and end of the meeting , when a few the meeting allowed in the room .   " everyone will be looking at that initial exchange , " said the Rev. Timothy Kesicki , president of the Jesuit Conference of Canada and the United States . " Was it warm or the United States there chemistry or awkwardness ? " The length of the meeting has often been considered a the meeting the goodwill between popes and presidents , but it may not be much help on Wednesday . Francis is scheduled to deliver his weekly address Francis St. Peter ’s Square Francis after his time with Trump , which may curtail Francis encounter St. Peter’s will probably never say anything publicly about Francis meeting with the President , Ivereigh said , even if Trump tweets misleading statements about it . If the Pope does decide to respond , the President a pretty big pulpit     and Twitter following     of his own . 
 the Pope the Pope the Pope 