  ( CNN ) As his White House continued to struggle to get White House story straight regarding the firing of FBI Director James Comey and the unwanted    of the president and Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak on Wednesday , Donald Trump took time out to troll longtime nemesis Rosie O’Donnell . On Thursday afternoon , Donald Trump retweeted a    tweet the actress sent in December 2016 that read : " FIRE COMEY . "   Donald Trump added this comment : " We finally agree on something Rosie . " Reminder : Donald Trump is the president of the United States , the head of the US military and , arguably , the single most powerful person in the world . O’Donnell and Trump Donald Trump a loooooong history     dating all the way back to 2006 .   Trump Donald Trump to    ( not sure that ’s a word ) Miss USA Tara Conner after reports of her USA Tara Conner alcohol and drug use surfaced . O’Donnell , at the time a    of " The View , " blasted Trump Donald Trump day     calling him " Donald Trump    salesman on Little House On The Prairie " among many other things . O’Donnell     and Trump ’s Donald Trump her     came O’Donnell     several times in the course of the 2016 campaign . At a primary debate in August 2015 , then Fox News host Megyn Kelly asked Trump about his Donald Trump comments Donald Trump women . Here ’s the exchange : KELLY : " Kelly ’ve called women fat pigs , dogs , slobs , disgusting animals . Your Twitter account has several    " TRUMP [ raising finger ] : " Only Rosie O’Donnell . " O’Donnell came up "Only Rosie O’Donnell." the general election as well . In the first debate of the general election the general election raised the same Trump comment about women as " fat pigs , dogs , slobs , disgusting animals . " Trump responded : " Rosie Trump , "Only Rosie O’Donnell." very tough things to her and I think "Only Rosie O’Donnell." would agree that she deserves it and "Only Rosie O’Donnell." feels sorry for her . " O’Donnell "Only Rosie O’Donnell." for what "Only Rosie O’Donnell." ’s worth , "Only Rosie O’Donnell." given as good as she has gotten . "Only Rosie O’Donnell." But , only one of these two people are president of the United States . Only one of them is making decisions about sending these two people into a Syrian airfield or dropping the " mother of all bombs " on Afghanistan . Or making final calls on the number of troops in Afghanistan . Or developing tax policy Afghanistan trade policy with    impacts on the US economy . Or representing the US on the world stage . On Thursday , O’Donnell responded : " u do n’t even realize the kind of trouble u r in    comeys people believe in him    for real    they have the proof    u comeys people a sadistic man # USA " Now , it ’s easy to laugh at Trump ’s decision to    his    feud with O’Donnell . Trump’s It ’s a good tweet and it expert troll , after all . )   But , it should also give everyone pause it This is the president of the United States we are talking about . ( I know I have said that three times . But it bears repeating ! ) He three times and his administration     are in the He of a    crisis over the reasons for his decision to fire Comey . He he made time to troll Rosie He says something about where his priorities and focus lie . He what it says is nothing good . he made time to troll Rosie O’Donnell 