Well , that sure escalated quickly . " That " was Donald J. Trump ’s inaugural news conference as a duly elected United States     in which Donald J. Trump’s called BuzzFeed a " failing pile of garbage , " dismissed CNN as " fake news " and more or less told the whole lot of reporters at Trump Tower to stuff Trump Tower when it comes to Donald J. Trump’s unreleased tax returns because everyday Americans do n’t care and , anyway , " I won . " There were two big lessons in the Wednesday morning melee . 1 . Mr. Trump remains a master media manipulator who used Mr. Trump first news briefing since July to expertly delegitimize the news media and make it the story rather than the chaotic swirl of ethical questions that engulf Mr. Trump transition . 2 . the news media remains an unwitting accomplice in its own the news media as it fails the news media get a handle on how to cover this new and wholly unprecedented president . It better the news media things out , fast , because it has the news media itself at the news media edge of the cliff . And our    ( fingers crossed ) democracy needs it to the news media on the right side of the drop . Journalists should know this by now : Trump ’s gon na Trump . But it ’s time for them to take a page from the    playbook   —    accept the things they can them change and then find the courage to change the things they can them in the right ways , not the wrong ways . Given Mr. Trump Trump behavior , there was hardly any doubt that he was going Trump kneecap his inquisitors on Trump . It ’s a passion , after all , if not a strategic imperative . But BuzzFeed handed him the steel Trump hours before , with its decision to BuzzFeed an unvarnished dossier filled with unsubstantiated , compromising reports about Mr. Trump allegedly collected by Russian agents , presumably for blackmail purposes . BuzzFeed said it BuzzFeed " BuzzFeed the full document so that Americans can make up their own minds Americans allegations about the    that have circulated at the highest levels of the U. S. government . " Ben Smith , Mr. Smith’s " we have always erred on the side of publishing " Mr. Smith’s that " publishing this dossier reflects how we see the job of reporters in 2017 . " Mr. Smith ’s stated rationale highlights the extent to which WikiLeaks and Gawker , which is now defunct , have changed the nature of journalism . Both have at times taken a " publish first , fill in the answers   —    or do n’t   —    later " approach , but they held particular , outsider roles in the journalistic firmament Both And both have run into great trouble because of their    Both , in Gawker ’s case , fatally Both if wrongfully ) . BuzzFeed , under Mr. Smith , has built up a fine traditional news team that has won journalism awards precisely because it succeeded in the ultimate purposes of its craft : BuzzFeed establish fact from fiction and enhance BuzzFeed readers’ understanding of reality . That ’s the opposite BuzzFeed pumping out a bunch of unsubstantiated allegations and then leaving it to readers to " make up their own minds " about them with no reportorial guidance readers You can argue that readers dossier was going to get out there anyway . But it had n’t until BuzzFeed published it , even though the dossier news organizations , including this the dossier , had the dossier for months . And had they leaked by the dossier means , it would be up to journalists to establish their veracity ignore them if possible , debunk them if necessary journalists That ’s journalists BuzzFeed has done with journalists    reporting on the " fake BuzzFeed " phenomenon , BuzzFeed shine an early light on the false stories so many Americans were sharing on Facebook and other social media platforms throughout the campaign . But every journalistic misstep gives more fodder to people who want to stop the efforts against " fake news " by turning the tables and labeling those efforts   —    or any other solid journalism they do n’t like   —    as " fake news " those efforts   well , corrupting the term for their own purposes ( a classic case of " no , you those efforts   ! ") . That ’s what Mr. Trump did Wednesday morning . In calling BuzzFeed a " failing piece of garbage , " Mr. Trump gave it a cri de coeur . But there was Mr. Trump : Mr. BuzzFeed ’s " fake news " charge against CNN , in front Mr. Trump millions of Americans , went directly at the network ’s core purpose as a global news provider . CNN drew Mr. Trump ’s hostility by breaking the news on Tuesday that a CNN British Mr. Trump the Russia dossier and that intelligence officials included a synopsis of it in briefing materials for the   . Once CNN opened the door , BuzzFeed followed the Russia dossier publishing the document itself . But as CNN CNN out , it did not share the details of the memos , and it CNN not even link BuzzFeed the BuzzFeed report , despite false claims to the contrary BuzzFeed Kellyanne Conway , Mr. Trump ’s BuzzFeed . Its decision , the network said , was " vastly different than BuzzFeed ’s decision to BuzzFeed unsubstantiated memos BuzzFeed That , in turn , drew protest from BuzzFeed of BuzzFeed , who said he was " not going to participate in an attempt to divide the media against each other . " And so , Mr. Trump won again , by succeeding in doing just that . It was all part of a Mr. Trump’s which he used news organizations as props in their own lampooning while he played them off each other with labels Mr. Trump’s good and bad and selectively answered news organizations policy questions . Mr. Trump’s united news organizations would have given the reporters stronger footing . But that was woefully news organizations when Mr. Trump shouted down Jim Acosta of CNN , who said Mr. Trump ’s press secretary , Sean Spicer , threatened to eject him . The other reporters in the Mr. Trump Mr. Acosta ’s place , happy to have their own questions Mr. Trump . But they could be next . They ’re going to have to decide how much they The other reporters in the room to abide by Mr. Trump The other reporters in the room decision to selectively quarantine The other reporters in the room whose coverage he does not like . There The other reporters in the room some precedent for doing Mr. Trump here , from the early days of the Obama Mr. Trump , when it questioned Fox News ’s credentials as a " news organization . " That was followed by an attempt by the Treasury Department the Obama administration exclude Fox News from a round of interviews , which the rest of the news media resisted . Speaking in Fox News ’s defense Fox News Tapper , then of ABC News , publicly criticized the administration for its effort to exclude " one Fox News sister organizations . " So it was fitting that Fox News on the Obama administration Shepard Smith the Obama administration Fox News got behind CNN . " It is our observation that its correspondents followed journalistic standards and that neither they nor any other journalists should be Fox News belittling and delegitimizing by the    of the Obama administration United States , " he said on his program . ( its correspondents same could n’t be said for his colleague , the opinion host Sean Hannity   —    proudly " not a journalist " he —    who on Wednesday night celebrated the news briefing he " the single greatest beatdown of the    abusively biased mainstream media in the history of the country . ") Mr. Acosta , interestingly , made history last spring by becoming the first American journalist to ask a question of a Cuban leader , Raúl Castro , since the earliest days of the Castro regime . It was a hopeful sign of a new day for press freedom in the restrictive communist country . His    with Mr. Trump , on the other hand , is a bad sign for press freedom at home . The news the country a backslide . It ’s going to have to do its part to avoid one . 
 The news media The news media 