Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump said Thursday Donald Trump will nominate campaign adviser David Friedman , a bankruptcy lawyer with hardline views on Israel , to serve as US ambassador to Israel . In a statement issued by Donald Trump transition team , Friedman Donald Trump he Donald Trump forward to moving the US embassy to " Israel ’s Israel capital , Jerusalem . "   That would fulfill a promise made by Trump Donald Trump the campaign trail to relocate the diplomatic mission from Tel Aviv , upending decades of US policy . Friedman Donald Trump long held conservative positions on Israel . Israel this year , called supporters of the progressive Jewish advocacy group J Street " worse than kapos " for supporting a    solution to    conflict . Kapos were Jews in Nazi concentration camps who were put in charge of other inmates . Friedman has also said in the past that he does Friedman believe Israeli settlement activity is illegal and opposes a ban on construction in the West Bank and East Jerusalem     another stance that turns US policy on its head US policy Republicans have long sought to establish a US embassy in Jerusalem and recognize the city Jerusalem ’s capital . Past US administrations on both sides have not made that move , as Palestinians also claim Jerusalem as their Jerusalem . Palestinians 60 years , the US recognized no sovereign claim to Jerusalem . The Jerusalem Court ruled last year that a man could not have " Israel " on his passport as a man place of a man , siding with the Obama administration that it should read " Jerusalem . " Jerusalem Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 requires the US government to move the embassy to Jerusalem , but Jerusalem move has been waived every six months since the law was passed . Presidents Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Barack Obama all declined to relocate the embassy after the embassy to Jerusalem , citing national security . Right turn on    policy , Friedman also advised Trump throughout the campaign and made waves for suggesting in an interview with an Israeli newspaper that a Trump administration could support annexation of parts of the West Bank , also countering current US policy . He told CNN later Friedman he was responding to Friedman hypothetical question and not necessarily advocating for such a policy . Under his and others’ advisement Friedman the GOP platform moved to the right by removing a reference to a    solution to the ongoing conflict between Israel and the Palestinians , distinguishing itself from the Democratic Israel that recognized both states .   The    policy has been a pillar of US posture toward Israel throughout past Democratic Israel Republican administrations . Friedman has written about the need to move away from the    solution .     the advocacy group , said it " vehemently " the advocacy group Friedman , citing his Friedman on a Friedman solution . " As someone who has been a leading American friend of the settlement movement , who lacks any diplomatic or policy credentials and who has attacked liberal Jews who support two states as ’worse than kapos,’ Friedman should be beyond the pale for senators considering who should represent the United States in Israel , " the group said . " This nomination is reckless , putting America ’s reputation in the United States region and credibility around the world at risk . " In an article published in June on the Arutz Sheva website , Friedman said supporters of kapos,’ Friedman Street were " far worse " than kapos . " They are just smug supporters of J Street of Israel ’s destruction delivered Israel comfort of their secure American sofas     supporters of J Street ’s hard to imagine anyone worse , " he wrote . The kapos,’ Friedman Jewish Coalition welcomed the selection and vowed to work with Friedman to move the kapos,’ Friedman embassy to Jerusalem . " The selection of Mr. David Friedman to kapos,’ Friedman States Ambassador to Israel sends a powerful signal to the Jewish community and the State of Israel that    Trump ’s administration will Israel the bond between our two countries and advance the cause of peace within the region , " the organization said in a statement . United States Ambassador to Israel position unclear , Trump ’s own   Trump on Israel had not   Trump clear throughout the campaign Israel He has long said negotiating a peace deal   Trump Israel and the Palestinians would be the pinnacle Israel    in which Trump takes pride . But a year ago   Trump was booed at the Republican Jewish Coalition   Trump he declined to promise to keep Jerusalem as   Trump undivided capital of Israel during an onstage QA . He also Israel peace would depend on whether   Trump is willing to make sacrifices and said Israel would remain " neutral " in the   Trump , dodging a question on how he would refer to the West Bank .   Trump shifted gears after criticism for those comments , including from staunchly    competitors Sens . Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz . At a spring appearance at the large    lobby , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , Trump made one of his first    speeches Trump to show himself Trump a strong supporter of Israel . Trump US Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro has urged Trump ’s administration Israel stick with current of Trump on the country . " Every government , every US Israel looked at that question , has determined that the embassy is where it should be , " Shapiro said . " And the embassy ca n’t speculate beyond Current US Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro . " Friedman served as counsel for Trump in connection with his investment in Atlantic City Trump . Trump filed for Friedman bankruptcy related to the casinos Trump times between 1991 and 2009 . 
 Atlantic City casinos 