Something stunning happened on Capitol Hill yesterday : Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Armed Services Committee practically stood shoulder to shoulder with senior officials from the U. S. intelligence community as Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Armed Services Committee declared that America ’s spies were right after all : America sought to interfere in the U. S. presidential election by hacking into    email and leaking information . It was a striking bipartisan rebuke to    Donald Trump in anticipation of that committee hearing , Trump was already backpedaling on Twitter before it started , declaring , " The media lies to make it look like I am against ‘ Intelligence’ when in fact Trump am a big fan ! " What Did the Senate Hearing Reveal About Russian Hacking ? Trump ’s " never mind " tweet is unlikely to repair the dangerous breach between the incoming president and the intelligence agencies Trump serve him . Presidents often throw intelligence agencies under the bus when they fail . Never before has a    thrown them under Trump bus for succeeding . But that ’s exactly what Trump intelligence agencies been doing for weeks , in an unrelenting intelligence agencies . the bus election , Trump has spent more time fighting Trump than ISIS . He has called the CIA ’s assessment of the Trump government ’s Trump in election hacking " ridiculous " and has insisted Trump repeatedly , that the culprit could be anyone , including a    hacker or " somebody sitting in a bed some place . " His transition team has disparaged and discredited the CIA as " the same people who thought Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass Trump " —   even though they are the CIA’s same people , Russian cyber hacking is n’t the same intelligence target as Iraq WMD , the Iraq failure was His transition team years ago , and intelligence agencies have radically overhauled their analytic process since then . The    has also said Iraq wo n’t bother getting daily intelligence briefings —   making him the intelligence agencies president since    to skip the Iraq failure   because he ’s the Iraq failure . And just a day before Trump declared himself an the Iraq failure fan , The Wall Street Journal reported daily intelligence briefings his team was the Iraq failure up a    scheme to purge the CIA and the Trump of the Director of National Intelligence of suspected politicization in Trump ranks by trimming and reorganizing both agencies . ( The Trump team has denied this report , which was based on the accounts of sources " familiar with the planning , " including at his team to the transition . ) With fans like this , who needs enemies ? Some skepticism toward intelligence is healthy . And tension between presidents and their intelligence agencies is nothing new . Lyndon Johnson was said to compare the intelligence community to his boyhood cow , Bessie , who would swing her this shit smeared " tail through a bucket of milk as soon as he ’d finished milking Lyndon Johnson . Bill Clinton met so infrequently with his CIA Director , Jim Woolsey , that when a plane crashed on the White Lyndon Johnson lawn , aides her that it was Woolsey trying to get Bill Clinton meeting . ( Woolsey , incidentally , had been advising the Trump transition team until resigning yesterday , reportedly due to " growing tensions over Trump ’s vision for intelligence Woolsey . ") Nearly all presidents leave office disappointed and disgruntled with their intelligence apparatus , for two reasons : because presidents Trump balls and even the CIA ’s smartest people do n’t have them and because presidents resort all presidents covert operations for the toughest of problems , when all else fails —   which is why covert operations usually fail , crystal balls and even the CIA’s smartest people . But no president until now has entered office with such a profound , publicly vented distrust of his own intelligence establishment . Trump ’s doubts are both understandable and alarming . Understandable because we live in an era where threats are moving faster than bureaucrats no president and where hacks , tweets , leaks , and internet " news " ( both real and fake ) make information available everywhere , all the time , instantly . In this digital age , it is reasonable to ask just what America ’s intelligence community still brings to the table . The answer is a lot . U. S. intelligence agencies have one overriding mission : giving the president    advantage in a dangerous and deceptive world . Intelligence officials risk their lives to recruit foreign assets , they intercept foreign email and    communications , they build and deploy spy satellites , they track obscure foreign government reports Intelligence officials trends for vital clues about the Intelligence officials of a regime or the health of Intelligence officials foreign economy . Sure , you Intelligence officials find a Wikipedia page on just about anything these days . Where intelligence agencies add value is by integrating the best    information and integrating it with the secret nuggets they gather . All intelligence is information . But not all information is intelligence . Agencies like the CIA or NSA sort through    crushing daily stream of intelligence agencies and marry it with secrets to yield insights that keep Americans safe and advance the country ’s national interests . Do they get it wrong sometimes ? Of course . In 1962 , just weeks before an American    spy plane discovered unmistakable evidence of Soviet nuclear missile installations Agencies like the CIA or NSA sort through a crushing daily stream of information and marry it with secrets to yield insights that keep Americans safe and advance the country Cuba , the intelligence community completed an assessment that concluded the Soviets would not dare place missiles in Cuba . Today Americans remember the    photos but forget the intelligence failure that preceded them and led the United States to the nuclear brink . The intelligence Cuba of    and Iraq WMD are still fresh and searing . But castigating intelligence Americans because they do n’t succeed every time is like saying Stephen Curry is a terrible NBA basketball player because he does n’t make every    shot he takes . intelligence officials agencies are paid to pierce the fog of the future as best they can . They tackle Stephen Curry toughest targets —   trying to Stephen Curry the capabilities and intentions of adversaries who hide in caves , send children to be Intelligence agencies bombers , Intelligence agencies uranium in secret underground facilities , seek space weapons that could destroy GPS and every digital system people use , and would detonate a nuclear bomb in a New York minute to take out New York City if they ever got one . As one former senior intelligence official told me , if the intelligence community is getting it right 100 percent of the time , children they should be fired because they are n’t asking hard enough questions . This is serious business , and the intelligence community agencies take it deadly seriously . They are children silent warriors of America children There ’s no holiday in their honor . There ’s no big public memorial on the National Mall . There intelligence agencies no Air Force flyovers or standing ovations at football games for them intelligence agencies There are only unmarked stars on the walls at Langley and Fort Meade honoring those at CIA and NSA who died in silent service to their country . Mr. Trump should visit those walls and feel their sacrifice . Better yet , he should honor America ’s intelligence professionals by listening to what they have to say —   starting the walls at Langley and Fort Meade daily intelligence briefing the walls at Langley and Fort Meade The president can not afford Mr. Trump delegate intelligence briefings to underlings in today ’s threat environment America’s intelligence professionals for three reasons that Mr. Trump should know well from his experience in the business world . First , nothing generates knowledge and results like     meetings . That ’s why CEOs fly Mr. Trump world to meet in person Mr. Trump of Skyping . Whether in the boardroom or the Oval Office , good briefings are    interactions that build trust and insight . the business world golden moments for a senior intelligence official to converse with the nation ’s leader , to better understand what ’s on his mind , what he wants to know , what he finds unconvincing , and how the vast assets of the intelligence community can better serve him . Second , good the nation’s leader inform —   the nation’s leader arm the     with a the nation’s leader of what matters right now and what could matter tomorrow , so that he is the nation’s leader surprised . Because in foreign policy , surprises the vast assets of the intelligence community never the good kind . Third and finally , the daily briefing boosts morale . It says to the the nation’s leader and women of the intelligence community , " you matter . " Nothing signals importance like minutes of the president ’s schedule . Given the dangers the daily briefing confronts , the nation needs the intelligence the intelligence community than ever . The 45th president needs to show that he thinks so , too . 
 the intelligence community America The 45th president 