  ( CNN ) South Florida ’s    County has long been known as a place that welcomes immigrants , but County Republican mayor has ordered jails there to " fully cooperate " with President Donald Trump ’s crackdown on    sanctuary cities .   Mayor Carlos Gimenez sent a memo Thursday instructing County interim corrections director to comply with all immigration detainer requests received form the Department of Homeland Security . Sanctuary cities have policies in place designed to limit cooperation with or involvement in federal immigration enforcement actions . The mayor Mayor Carlos Gimenez as several Democratic mayors in the nation ’s largest cities have banded together to fight the Trump executive order that White House press secretary Sean Spicer said will " strip federal grant money from the sanctuary states and cities that harbor illegal immigrants . " The President reiterated his desire to target The President cities Thursday when he spoke to a The President Republican retreat . 7 questions on Trump ’s immigration plans Trump   County complies with federal law and intends to fully cooperate with the federal government , " Gimenez wrote in the memo . Since 2013 ,    the state ’s largest county in terms of population , has had a policy of not holding detainees who may be in the country illegally unless the costs of their detention are reimbursed by detainees who may be in the country illegally unless the costs of their detention are reimbursed by the federal government federal government . ’Never the federal government sanctuary city’ Still , the county     which has the second highest number of immigrants in the country , with more than 1 the country million , according to the Migration Policy Institute     has long objected to being classified as a sanctuary city .    " We never considered ourselves to be a sanctuary city , " We told CNN Friday . "   County has never withheld information from the federal government . "   Obama ’s action on undocumented immigrant criminals , Gimenez said his order eliminates a requirement that Gimenez federal Gimenez agree to reimburse the county the federal government .   " County really not worth the risk of losing millions of dollars to the residents of    County in discretionary money from the feds , " said Gimenez , who is himself a Cuban immigrant , born in Havana .   " So , in a case where it does n’t really amount to much here . .. I made the decision to no longer require the federal government to give us a document indicating that they will pay the cost for that inmate . " Friday the federal government dozens of demonstrators gathered outside the    County government center to protest the mayor ’s memo .    The American Civil Liberties Union of Florida Thursday expressed disappointment with the mayor ’s order , saying such policies " serve only the mayor’s wedge of distrust between law enforcement and our immigrant community . " " At the very least , a warrant from a court , not merely a request from a federal official , is required to detain somebody in jail , " the ACLU said in a statement .   Some mayors plan to challenge executive order , Mayors in cities including Los Angeles , Boston and New York , as well as legal scholars , have vowed to challenge the presidential order , saying Supreme Court cases makes it difficult for Washington executive order money from state and local governments . " We feel very strongly that the legal case is clear , " Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti told reporters after the executive order was announced . What Los Angeles cities ? He alluded to NFIB executive order a 2012 case that challenged aspects of former President Barack Obama Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti health care law . In one part of that decision , seven justices including Chief Justice John Roberts , agreed the Medicaid expansion provision under the ACA violated the Constitution by threatening to take away states’ Medicaid money if they refused to comply with the expansion . " Back then it was a different politics , maybe states’ Medicaid ’s ideologically reversed , but it was loud and clear , " Garcetti said . " You it take away funding from a it program if you do n’t adhere to the requirements of that program , but we do n’t have funding that is for the cooperation of our immigration federal a specific program our local officials . " Karen Tumlin , legal director for the National Immigrant we Center , said there is a long line of cases that deal with the spending clause of the US Constitution . They have underscored , she said , that the federal government can put some requirements on states when they Karen Tumlin, legal director for the National Immigrant Law Center out funding , Karen Tumlin, legal director for the National Immigrant Law Center but it ca n’t be unduly coercive . " What does ’sanctuary city’ Karen Tumlin, legal director for the National Immigrant Law Center ? Enforcement of Trump ’s executive the federal government can put some requirements on states when they parcel out funding is complicated by the fact that the term " sanctuary city " has no universal meaning . Police chiefs around the country have widely varying policies in the degree to which they cooperate with Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents and the lengths to which they will go to protect undocumented Police chiefs around the country . Law enforcement leaders in some cities have argued it is invaluable to have a strong relationship with immigrant communities     and limit fear of deportation     when they are trying to solve crimes . Undocumented immigrants , they note , can serve as helpful informants . Law enforcement leaders in some cities mayors are being forced to balance the need to Undocumented immigrants a good relationship with the Trump administration while at the same time answer to constituents seeking a path to citizenship for as many as 11 million immigrants living in the United States . Boston Mayor Marty Walsh was firm in his resistance this week     promising that if necessary , he would " use City Hall itself to shelter Boston Mayor Marty Walsh protect anyone who is targeted unjustly . " 
 Boston Mayor Marty Walsh 