Orlando , Florida ( CNN )   Donald Trump said Friday Donald Trump supporters were " violent " during the 2016 campaign .   Donald Trump made the admission Friday night during a rally here on the Florida leg of Donald Trump " Thank You " tour . During the 2016 campaign , Donald Trump repeatedly downplayed violent outbursts his supporters displayed at times toward protesters and insisted that paid activists were instead responsible for inciting violence at Donald Trump rallies . " You people were vicious , violent , screaming , ’Where ’s the wall ? We want the wall!’ Screaming , ’Prison ! Prison ! Lock her up!’ Prison mean you are going crazy . I mean , you were nasty and mean and vicious and you wanted to win , right ? " Trump said Friday . " But now , you ’re mellow and you ’re cool and you ’re not nearly as vicious or violent , right ? Because we won We right ? " During the campaign , Trump repeatedly Trump to his rallies Trump the " safest place on Earth " and called them a his rallies as the "safest place on Earth" love fest . " Meanwhile , some Trump supporters Trump physically assaulted protesters at rallies across the country during the 2016 the campaign several instances , Trump supporters Trump also some Trump supporters protesters after exiting Trump rallies Trump Several Trump supporters Trump charged with assault after attacking protesters at different rallies . And while Trump suggested Trump his supporters Trump mellowed out Several Trump supporters rhetoric as well     " Several Trump supporters you ’re laid back , you ’re cool , you ’re mellow , you ’re basking in the glory of victory , " he said Trump     the crowd broke out in " Lock her up ! " chants twice Friday     One Trump supporter Trump obtained a media pass from the Trump transition Trump shouted from the press pen that Trump ’s Trump opponent Hillary Clinton should be waterboarded . And a Trump supporter Trump an empty water bottle at a reporter following the rally , calling the reporter " trash . " a reporter following the rally came after the    repeatedly called reporters " very dishonest " and suggested without evidence that the media distorted exit polls on Election Day . At a rally in Mobile , Alabama , on Saturday , Trump insisted Trump was Trump " laughing and having fun " when he said Trump supporters Trump been " vicious " and " violent " during the campaign . 
 