Tuesday on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " while discussing both presidential candidates reactions to The New York Times report on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump suggesting that he could have legally avoided paying federal income taxes for the last 18 years ,    Mika Brzezinski warned Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to " get off your high horse about this tax thing "   Brzezinski said,"So I noticed a confidence here that I do n’t think should be there among the campaign . Sorry . I mean , you think about this tax thing and were laws broken ? Did The New York Times find any laws were broken ?   Mika Brzezinski talks about brilliantly using that system . Great . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton could have had that same reaction to her Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton money . That say she Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton going to change Wall Street but ‘ you know what I used to system to that system of dollars,’ but instead she Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton it . Donald Trump that system does n’t hid it . He is that system comfortable Donald Trump followed the law Donald Trump made a lot of money . She Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton followed the law and made the law of money and it ’s okay to look the law that speech money and somehow we let it go because she Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton the law —    her Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton keeps it kinda under   — her campaign it ’s the same thing her campaign that ’s what people see . People see somebody being honest about it and somebody kind of like , not mentioning it and still doing it it What is the it ? Does anybody want to explain to me , because I think voters like what they saw from Donald Trump voters I ’m worried about that . " She added , " I think the reaction to The New York Times story on Donald Trump ’s part was Donald Trump and the thing is he did n’t even think twice Donald Trump’s it . He just went there . While Donald Trump’s has been hiding the speech She , hiding this foundation stuff , hiding this    stuff and trying to get around it . Mistakes were made and this    ’m telling you people do n’t   —    they are not feeling a complete people with her and this does n’t help She get all high and mighty . Get off your high horse about this tax thing . Unless laws were broken , it ’s not an issue . laws guys cancel each other out . " & gtFollow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 