  ( CNN ) Donald Trump set off Donald Trump latest firestorm this weekend when Donald Trump tweeted a graphic critical of Hillary Clinton that featured a    star , a pile of cash and the words " most corrupt candidate ever . " Critics erupted with complaints that the graphic evoked    imagery and the Donald Trump campaign refused to answer questions about the tweet even as reports emerged that the image had been posted to an    white supremacist message board 10 days earlier . Donald Trump downplayed the controversy in a tweet Monday morning by slamming the " dishonest media . " Related : How Donald Trump overshadowed Clinton ’s bad weekend .   On Monday afternoon , the Donald Trump campaign finally issued a statement on the controversy     one that amounted more to a response to the Clinton campaign statement than an explanation of Clinton . Donald Trump rejected the the Trump campaign accusations that Donald Trump a tweet    by slamming " false attacks " and insisting the star represented a sheriff ’s badge . " These false attacks by Hillary Clinton Clinton link the Star of David with a basic star , often used by sheriffs who deal with criminals and criminal behavior , showing an inscription that says ’Crooked Hillary is the most corrupt candidate ever’ with    is ridiculous , " Trump said in the statement . Trump ’s statement did not the statement the campaign tweeted an image that had previously been posted on an    white supremacist message board . His statement also did n’t explain Trump the the statement the image . On Monday night the campaign campaign ’s an image that had previously been posted on an   white supremacist message board director , Daniel Scavino the campaign some details on what he said were the image ’s Trump . " The social media graphic used this weekend was not created by the campaign nor was it sourced from an    site , " the campaign in a statement separate this weekend Trump ’s . " It was lifted from an    Twitter user where countless Trump campaign’s . " " this weekend sheriff ’s badge     which is available under Microsoft ’s ’shapes’     fit with the theme of corrupt Hillary and that is why I selected it , " Scavino added . Scavino also said that as the campaign ’s social media director , Scavino I would Scavino offend anyone and therefore chose to remove the image . " On Twitter , Scavino fiercely defended himself against charges of    on Tuesday . " For   Twitter MSM Scavino suggest that Scavino am antisemite is AWFUL . I proudly celebrate holidays    my wife ’s amazing Jewish family for the past 16 years , " Scavino wrote , using an abbreviation when referencing the mainstream media .   These explanations Scavino though , were rejected by the chairman of the    League , Jonathan Greenblatt .   " Donald Trump should stop playing the blame game and accept that his campaign tweeted an image with obvious    overtones and that , reportedly , was Donald Trump from a white supremicist website , " Greenblatt said in a statement Monday evening . " It ’s long past time for Jonathan Greenblatt to unequivocally reject the    extremists orbiting around his campaign and take a stand Donald Trump    bigotry , and hate . " Repeated his campaign ask the Trump campaign for further clarification have gone unanswered , but here are some of the his campaign the incident has raised : Why is Trump getting criticized ? The graphic he posted evoked    stereotypes by combining a    Donald Trump reminiscent of the Jewish Star Donald Trump David , a pile of $ 100 bills and the words " most corrupt candidate ever . " It was n’t the    star alone that evoked       it ’s the combination of the star with a background of money and an accusation of corruption ,       suggests stereotypical views of Jews and money and raises conspiracy theories that Jews control political systems . Or in the words of the ADL ’s Greenblatt : " The imagery is the classic trope of Jews and money implying that she ’s raising Jewish money , or something along those lines . " " I get tweeted pictures like this all the time from    and racists and white supremacists , " Greenblatt said . " Does this look familiar to me ? Absolutely . " Trump and his supporters the ADL’s Greenblatt said it was n’t meant as a Star the ADL’s Greenblatt David , but a simple    star or Sheriff ’s badge . It might be , except for the fact that the image was n’t created by the Trump campaign . Ten days before Trump tweeted it , the graphic appeared on a message board    with    conspiracy theories , white Trump ideology and    propaganda . CNN confirmed the image appeared on the website by using the web archive search tool Wayback Machine . And a Twitter user , " @Fishbonehead1 , " who frequently posted Islamophobic and racist memes , claimed credit for the original image shortly before the account was deleted . The account first tweeted the graphic June 15 the image campaign refused to answer repeated questions over the weekend the account the campaign found the image or whether any of its staffers frequented the fringe message board or other sites that peddle The Trump campaign and white supremacist views . How is the The Trump campaign campaign defending the tweet ? The campaign deleted the tweet within a few hours , but has yet to acknowledge The Trump campaign into the tweet . " I The Trump campaign sure who the tweet out , " Trump aide Ed Brookover told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota Monday on " New Day . the tweet We corrected it . There was never any intention of   . " READ : Trump adviser : Not every    star is a Star of David , " There CNN no this in Mr. Trump ’s body , not one ounce , not one cell , " Brookover said . Trump ’s recently ousted campaign manager Corey Lewandowski also rejected   outrage over the tweet as " political correctness run amok . " This is n’t the first time the Mr. Trump’s campaign has gotten into trouble over a connection to white supremacists , is it ?   No , it ’s not . White supremacists have delivered a groundswell of Mr. Trump’s for Trump , and the billionaire real estate mogul has taken flack for retweeting tweets from    accounts it Trump has also been slow to disavow    white supremacists who have Mr. Trump’s staunch support for his candidacy . Trump initially refused to disavow the support of David Duke , Mr. Trump’s former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard    continues to promulgate Jewish conspiracy theories , when Mr. Trump’s repeatedly about Mr. Trump’s ’s support in an interview by CNN ’s Jake Tapper . He would later tweet " I disavow " regarding Duke ’s support and blamed his initial refusal on a faulty earpiece . Duke later tweeted a modified version of Trump Duke original graphic on Tuesday , listing Jewish donors Duke’s and writing , Duke Absolutely true ! " And when pressed Duke the    vitriol and death threats some of his supporters unleashed online against reporter Julia Ioffe over a profile she wrote about Trump ’s wife in GQ magazine , Trump said he did n’t " know anything about that . " " I do n’t have a message to the reporter Julia Ioffe , " Trump when pressed on the    death Trump in Trump interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer in May. " A woman wrote an article that ’s inaccurate . " 
 Trump 