Fayetteville , North Carolina ( CNN ) Donald Trump announced Tuesday evening that Donald Trump wife will hold a news conference " over the next couple of weeks " to address reports that his wife violated immigration laws when his wife first came to Donald Trump said his wife would his wife " she came in totally his wife . "    The New York Post last week published nude photos of Melania Trump in 1995 , quickly raising questions about whether the former model had obtained the appropriate visa to work as a model in the United States .   The Republican nominee floated the upcoming news conference just hours after he stoked yet another The Republican nominee by suggesting that gun owners could take action to stop rival Hillary Clinton from appointing judges who would infringe Second Amendment rights , should she be elected president rival Hillary Clinton   READ : Melania Trump ’s nude photos expose gap in her immigration story , Melania Trump They said my wife nude photos Melania , might have come in illegally . Can you believe that one ? " Donald Trump told his Melania Trump . " Melania Trump me tell you one thing . She has got it so Melania Trump , so one thing ’s going to have Melania Trump little news conference over the next couple of weeks . That ’s good . I love it . I love it . " Trump spokeswoman it Hicks confirmed to CNN that Melania Trump will indeed hold Melania Trump conference , but declined to provide additional specifics on the timing . Melania Trump told CNN ’s Anderson Melania Trump February that CNN came to the US in 1996 Melania Trump but the nude photos were taken in New York in 1995 . She also said in the interview that Melania Trump " obeyed the law " and Melania Trump flew to Slovenia every few months to stamp " her visa during her initial stays in Melania Trump US , Melania Trump she was able the US a green Melania Trump . But while tourist visas need to be renewed periodically , the visa Melania Trump would have needed to her visa US as a model would not have the US be renewed for at least three years .   On the stump Tuesday in North Carolina , Donald Trump added that he advised his wife to " let it her visa a little while her visa before her visa a news conference to correct the record . " Let them go wild . Let it simmer , and then let ’s have a little news conference and have some fun , " Trump it . 
 her visa 