Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump is a " psychopath , " a Democratic operative who managed President Barack Obama ’s first campaign and now supports Hillary Clinton , claimed Sunday .   " Basically , we have a psychopath running for president . I mean , Donald Trump meets the clinical definition , OK ? " David Plouffe told host Chuck Todd on NBC ’s " Meet the Press . "   Chuck Todd pushed back , asking David Plouffe if David Plouffe ’s fair to diagnose people on television and saying : " I assume you do n’t have a degree in psychology . "   " We ’re jumping to conclusions here , I think this is what gets voters a little frustrated with this campaign , " Chuck Todd said .   But David Plouffe stuck by David Plouffe claim . " Listen , the grandiose notion of    pathological lying , lack of empathy and remorse . So I think David Plouffe does , " David Plouffe said , while acknowledging , " Right , I do n’t have a degree in psychology . "   Trump will directly address black voters , top aide says , The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment . David Plouffe offered an optimistic assessment of the state of the race for Clinton , saying that with swing states Virginia and Colorado appearing to be tilting in Clinton favor , Clinton " is guaranteed at least 269 electoral votes "     one shy of the number Clinton needs to win the presidency .   " I think it ’s likely going to be a landslide , " David Plouffe said . " I mean , you look at every state . So Pennsylvania , Donald Trump has less than 0 % chance of winning Pennsylvania . Donald Trump ’s sitting at 269 . And I think states like New Hampshire , I think states like Florida , I think states like Ohio , Nevada , Donald Trump ’s clearly got the advantage . "   " So again , if you step back and say , Donald Trump done anything in the last few weeks to attract swing , suburban    women , improve his position Donald Trump younger voters , with minority voters?’ " he said Donald Trump " He has Donald Trump done that . " Trump ’s Donald Trump said Sunday he will soon Trump’s campaign manager courting black voters more directly , scheduling events in front of predominantly    audiences .   " Those events are actually being planned , and we ’re very excited about them , " Those events Conway told " Fox News Sunday , " Sunday acknowledging that Trump so far Donald Trump n’t yet held a rally in front of a largely black audience . 
 