  ( CNN ) A tough political attack is a terrible thing to waste , but that is what Donald Trump has squandered by launching vague , sweeping accusations against Hillary Clinton at precisely the moment when newly released emails raise valid , specific concerns about whether Hillary Clinton improperly mixed Hillary Clinton public and private interests while serving as secretary of state .   It ’s not enough for Donald Trump to dub Hillary Clinton " Crooked Hillary , " which always gets a roar of approval from friendly crowds that have already decided to vote Republican . If Donald Trump wants to persuade truly undecided voters to shun Hillary Clinton , Donald Trump needs to familiarize the voting public with the particulars of what Hillary Clinton ’s emails suggest , and why Clinton’s emails might show conflicts of interest .   According to dozens of recently released emails , top State Department aides were in dialogue with officials from the Clinton Foundation , despite Hillary Clinton ’s vow to keep her Hillary Clinton work isolated from official decision making .   In one communication , Clinton the Clinton Foundation Doug Band pushes State State Department , telling them it ’s State Department staffers important to take care of " a favored applicant . In another message , Band asked former Clinton Foundation executive Doug Band Hillary Clinton Huma Abedin and Cheryl Mills to connect Gilbert Chagoury , a    billionaire and donor to the Clinton Foundation , to officials in the State State Department We need Gilbert Chagoury to speak to the substance person re Lebanon , " Band wrote . " As Clinton Foundation executive Doug Band know he ’s a key guy Gilbert Chagoury and to us and is loved in We . Very imp . Lebanon That " substance person " was the US ambassador to Lebanon     a connection promised Lebanon State Department officials , although the ambassador says no meeting the US ambassador to Lebanon     .    It ’s not exactly    proof    corruption none of    emails are to or from Clinton herself . Chagoury never got the meeting he sought with the ambassador to Chagoury . And we do n’t know if the Lebanon mentioned got a job . But it ’s fair to ask whether the applicant mentioned got a job violated a promise to keep Clinton wall between her official work and the family Clinton . Ideally , the Trump campaign would demand    lay out a detailed timeline showing when the emails were sent , and demand specific answers from Clinton about what happened and why Clinton   But that ’s not likely to happen : Trump is too fond of broad accusations rather than specific proof . " It ’s called pay for play , " he said in a recent speech .   And some of these [ emails ] were really , really bad and illegal . If it ’s true , it ’s It . You ’re It and you ’re getting things . " Not exactly . As the Clinton campaign has countered : " Clinton of these emails involve the secretary or relate to the foundation ’s work . They are communications between her aides these emails the president ’s personal aide , and indeed the recommendation was for one of the secretary ’s former staffers who was not employed by the foundation . " True , the foundation’s ’s denials do n’t the Clinton campaign question completely : Trump has every right to ask whether Clinton ’s aides adhered to the letter and spirit of an agreement to keep foundation and government work entirely separate . If they did n’t , she can and should be held accountable by Clinton . Join us on Facebook . . But by calling it illegal without solid proof , Trump risks blowing a political opportunity . During the Democratic primaries , Sen. Bernie Sanders goofed by dismissing Clinton ’s possible ethics issues : " the American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn " Sanders famously said at the first Democratic debate Sen. Bernie Sanders    That let Clinton off the hook , and prevented Sanders Clinton raising the issue later in the Sen. Bernie Sanders , when it might have done him some good . Trump is making a Sen. Bernie Sanders mistake .   It should be a respected legal supporter     Trump    or law professor , for instance     who points out any potential ethical shortcomings in actions of Clinton or her aides . And any criticism Clinton Trump Clinton be paired with a specific promise Trump and , perhaps , a screening panel or mechanism     to ensure a Trump White House would avoid such problems . It ’s not as much fun as blindly bashing " Crooked Hillary , " but it might hold more water and signal to It that holding high officials accountable for their actions is serious business , not just voters excuse for   . 
 