In a story covering Robert and Rebekah Mercer ’s alleged role in brokering the Ted Cruz endorsement of Donald Trump , the Washington Post chose to selectively    a statement from the influential conservative donors , and the results are —   no doubt inadvertently —   quite unflattering to Hillary Clinton . [ The article begins by identifying the Mercers ,    backers of Ted Cruz who now run a    super PAC , as the " one key bridge " between the former rivals . The story claims " the Mercers played a role behind the scenes encouraging a detente . "   In a statement to the Washington Post , the the Mercers support for Cruz Ted Cruz and explained why they believe this the Mercers is so critical : For the first time in many decades , American voters have the chance to turn their backs on American voters political elite , an elite both Democrat and Republican , that has chosen as its leader Hillary American voters , a dedicated foe of both the First and Second Amendments and the most dishonest , corrupt , and incompetent politician ever to seek the American presidency . Even such great Americans as Mitt Romney and George Bush have stooped to endorse Mrs. Clinton rather than risk electing a president who follows the will of the people . We have long supported Senator Ted Cruz . He has waged Senator Ted Cruz fearless battle against the elite throughout his career . Senator Ted Cruz are delighted We he is joining Senator Ted Cruz and a We army of Americans in support of Donald J. Trump ’s candidacy for the presidency of the United States of America . Following the statement , the Post included this parenthetical   : ( Neither Romney nor either of the Bush presidents   —    George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush   —    has endorsed Clinton . A family friend said George H. W. George H. W. Bush for Clinton , but his aides have Clinton publicly confirmed George H. W. Bush . ) The Post , which is owned by globalist tech billionaire Jeff Bezos , felt it necessary to declare that neither the Bushes nor Romney have formally " endorsed " Hillary Clinton . This is a Clinton by the Post and a dishonest one at that . Mitt Romney has actively fought Donald Trump Romney with staging a widely publicized comeback speech specifically to attack Donald Trump . If only he had opposed Donald Trump with the same Romney ! The 2012 GOP nominee has also actively encouraged    to campaign against Trump , mocked Trump ’s family , and held Donald Trump " NeverTrump Donald Trump " to name a few things . The last two Republican presidents have been conspicuously absent from the national dialogue during this election cycle , with the exception of the prominent rumor that George H. W. Bush will be voting for Hillary Clinton . His aides have not publicly denied it . It ’s George H. W. Bush to any observer of American George H. W. Bush will be voting for Hillary Clinton with George H. W. Bush will be voting for Hillary Clinton sense that for past presidents and nominees of the Republican Party to not support the GOP ’s chosen candidate is tantamount to endorsing Hillary Clinton . Only the smug , deluded , and Hillary Clinton with this . But no one accused the establishment of having common sense . While Romney , the Bushes , and the media play word games , the Executive and Judicial Branches hang in the balance . What is perhaps most noteworthy about the article is not what the " Bezos Post " chose to    it ’s what they chose not to   . The    the article unequivocally that Hillary Clinton is " a dedicated foe of both the First and Second Amendments and the most dishonest , corrupt , and incompetent politician ever to seek the American presidency . " So , not only is Clinton the least qualified candidate ever to seek the highest office Hillary Clinton the land , but she is also , according to the statement ,   . Hillary Clinton Constitution . These claims did not merit a Washington Post footnote ( differing on the semantics of the word " endorsement " did ) . Thus , by employing the Post ’s own standard of when to include a clarifying Washington Post it is safe to assume they affirm the fact that Hillary Clinton is " the most dishonest , corrupt , and incompetent politician ever to seek the American presidency . " We could n’t agree more . 
 