  ( CNN ) Donald Trump is a big fan of Twitter . Donald Trump sees it as a direct pipeline to supporters , an end run on the    " fake news " media . Which makes any extended period of time without a tweet from the President worth noting .   And we are in the midst of such a drought right now .   The last time Trump sent out a tweet was 8:17 a. m. on Wednesday . It said this : " Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati , in the GREAT STATE of OHIO , to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare   also Infrastructure ! " Between that moment and the time of this posting , roughly 37 hours have passed . That , according to calculations made by the one and only Philip Bump of the Washington Post , is the    Twitter outage for Trump since Trump announced Trump candidacy in June 2015 . To pass the fourth longest drought , Trump will need to stay away from Twitter for 2 , 312 minutes     38 total hours , or until 10:17 p. m. Thursday     which looks doable . To break Trump    longest tweet drought , according to Bump , Trump would need to not tweet until 6:14 a. m. tomorrow . What ’s fascinating about the past droughts is that they almost always have corresponded with slow news moments . Trump longest break from Twitter Twitter for example , came over the 2016 Thanksgiving Day weekend     soon after he Trump been elected . The second longest was earlier that same month , the weekend after the election when Trump Trump , almost certainly , worn down from the    campaign . This last 37 hours is not at all like those past Trump Twitter deserts . The last day and a half has seen not only the release of former FBI Director James Comey ’s written testimony Wednesday documenting his former FBI Director James Comey’s with the President but also Comey former FBI Director James Comey’s hugely    testimony in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday . If ever there was a time when you might expect Trump to take phone in hand and offer his former FBI Director James Comey’s    this past 37 hours was it    And yet , nothing . Theories abound to explain it . The most common one is that someone took Trump Trump phone away , ensuring that he Trump lacked the ability to tweet . I doubt it . He Trump the President of the United States . He Trump made clear     in the face of much criticism     that he Trump n’t going to stop tweeting . I ’m not sure anyone is in a position to simply tell the President to stop doing something and have him Trump listen . Then there ’s the argument that Trump ’s silence suggests he Trump now finally been made aware of the political     and legal     peril he Trump in , and that by tweeting he Trump things worse , not better . Again , count me skeptical because Trump Trump never shied away from tweeting amid dicey legal and political circumstances before . ( Remember that he called the Russia investigation the " single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history ! " in the immediate aftermath of Bob Mueller ’s appointment as special counsel . ) Or maybe Trump Trump , as they had hoped to do , successfully distracted the President over these past 37 hours     keeping him from the President too much , and therefore tweeting too much about the situation . But how is that even possible given that we know Trump is Trump absolutely avid news consumer and there has been so much ( and so much bad ) Trump news Trump that period of time ? The short answer is we do n’t know why Trump has Trump tweeted since 8:17 a. m. Wednesday . But with every passing minute of Trump Twitter silence , he edges the President to his own the President best ( worst ? ) .   One other thing we know : Silence is n’t Trump ’s Trump state . So when the drought breaks     and it will Trump     look out . 
 