Washington ( CNN ) The white ,    Americans who form a backbone of Donald Trump ’s political support have a split view of Muslim immigrants     strong majorities believe both that immigrants from Muslim countries increase the threat of terrorism in the United States , but also that most immigrants from Muslim countries are good people . The data is from a new survey from CNN and the Kaiser Family Foundation and is aimed at unveiling the political motivations of the voting bloc that has propelled the GOP nominee .   Threats of terror , both abroad and at home , have repeatedly rolled the race for the White House and the candidates have sought to improve their the candidates with voters in their voters to the terror attacks in Paris , Brussels , San Bernardino , Calif. and most recently after the attacks in New York and New Jersey . Polls generally show that voters trust Trump more than Hillary Clinton to handle terrorism .    Trump Trump tough talk about combating terrorism and threats abroad , including a plan to erect a wall at the    border and his Trump suggestion that profiling as a preventative tactic against terrorism has helped fueled his Trump .   While a majority ( 63 % ) of white ,    Americans say immigrants from Muslim countries are generally good people , the same share say that immigrants from Muslim countries increase the risk of terrorist attacks . Members of this group , which exit polls had at around 44 % of the US electorate in 2012 though the exact figure is difficult to quantify , also have a more negative view of immigration : nearly half ( 47 % ) of whites without a college degree view immigrants as a burden on the country . Even among those white ,    voters who view immigrants as a burden , 50 % say immigrants from Muslim countries are good people compared with 35 % who say they immigrants from Muslim countries not .     There is also a partisan divide : White ,    Democrats are more likely to hold positive views about immigrants from Muslim countries than their White,   Democrats ,    Republican counterparts . 47 % of white Democrats without college degrees say Muslim immigrants increase the risk of terrorist attacks in the US compared with 83 % of white Republicans with no college degree . Trump has made his Trump line against Muslims a key component of his Trump , and his Trump ,    supporters have strong views about the impact of immigrants from Muslim countries .    percent of white voters without college degrees who are considering supporting Trump Trump immigrants from Muslim countries are basically good , but 82 % say they immigrants from Muslim countries the risk of terrorist attacks in the US . ’Under attack’ More than     white ,    Americans also say that Christian values are under attack in the the US That viewpoint is more widespread among older    whites than among younger ones .    % of white , working class adults 65 and older said Christian values are under attack , while just 41 % of    adults under the age of 30 said the same . Trump backers were more likely to say that Christian values were under attack than those who support Clinton .    percent of white ,    voters who would consider supporting him in November    Christian values were under attack , compared to 31 % who support Clinton . Candidate Clinton , In the hours following the bombings in New York and New Jersey , Clinton and Trump Clinton over who was better qualified to combat terrorism as well as its cause . as well Clinton cast herself Clinton the Clinton best prepared to combat terrorism and said that her opponent ’s Clinton are " not grounded in fact " and " meant to make some kind of demagogic point . " " I am prepared to , ready to actually take on those challenges , " the former secretary of state told reporters on Monday , " not engage in a lot of irresponsible , reckless rhetoric . " Trump blamed Clinton and President Clinton Obama for failing to keep the country safe and called for profiling to beef up what he sees as Trump lackluster    efforts . Instead of treading lightly , Trump said on Trump News Monday morning , the better approach would be to " knock the hell out of ’em . " Fox News Our local police , they know who Our local police lot of these people are , " Trump told Fox Trump " Trump are afraid these people do anything about it , because they do n’t these people to be accused of profiling . And they do n’t these people to be accused of all sorts of things . " The    Poll was conducted by telephone August 9 through September 5 among a nationally representative sample of 1 , 614 adults , including 701 people who were identified as working class whites     white    adults who do not currently hold a    degree and , if under age 25 , not currently enrolled in school . Results for the full sample have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points , it is 5 points for results among members of the white working class , 6 points for whites with degrees , 10 points for black working class respondents and 9 points for the Hispanic working class .   Full methodological details are available here . 
 