Augusta , Georgia ( CNN ) Reality Winner pleaded not guilty in federal court Thursday to one charge in connection with removing classified material from a government facility and giving it to an unauthorized person . an unauthorized person was denied bail . The     federal contractor was charged with leaking information regarding a 2016 Russian military intelligence cyberattack to The Intercept , an online news outlet . an unauthorized person is accused of revealing classified information , used as the basis for an article published Monday by The Intercept , which detailed a classified National Security Agency memo . The NSA report , dated May 5 , provides details of a 2016 Russian cyberattack on a US voting software supplier , though there is no evidence the hack affected any votes . Assistant US Attorney Jennifer Solari said it is unclear how much material is involved in the case . Authorities are looking at two laptops , a tablet and four cellphones seized from Winner ’s home as well as    notebooks . The charge , willful retention and transmission of national defense information , could bring Winner up to 10 years in prison . She could also face a fine of up to $ 250 , 000 . Winner , dressed in an orange jumpsuit with the word " Inmate " on the back , spoke very little to Judge Brian Epps . She stood with She hands behind She back and said , " Yes , your honor " when asked whether She has gotten a lawyer . Solari told Judge Brian Epps that Winner had admitted to FBI agents during She arrest that She sought out classified information . According to Solari Solari told them FBI agents was " mad about what She had recently seen in the media " and She " wanted to set the facts right . " The US attorney also alleged that Winner once searched on She work computer , while She was still in the Air Force , for the phrase : " Do top secret computers detect when flash drives are inserted ? " And there was a notation in one notebook , Solari said in which Winner purportedly wrote , " I want to burn the White House down . " Winner Winner mother , Billie    told the court her Billie    had never been in any trouble and was at the top of her her daughter throughout her her daughter days .   Her her daughter said Reality Winner never expressed unpatriotic thoughts and " is a good person . " Twitter posts curtailed while at new job   The Intercept provided the US government agency with a copy of the document , according to the complaint . The news outlet later said it The news outlet not know the identity of the person who gave it The news outlet the document   Winner served in the Air Force from December 2010 to 2016 , leaving as a senior airman who was a cryptologic language analyst . She provided a senior airman who was a cryptologic language analyst to missions and received the Air Force Commendation Medal in 2016 , which is for members who have " distinguished themselves by meritorious achievement and service . "   Recently she was a senior airman who was a cryptologic language analyst contractor with Pluribus International Corp. in Augusta , Georgia . On Twitter , Winner posted about leaks and regularly took to social media to blast President Donald Trump , though her Twitter a senior airman who was a cryptologic language analyst dropped off significantly after she began a senior airman who was a cryptologic language analyst for Pluribus in February . Winner posted under a pseudonym , Sara Winners , but did n’t seem concerned with concealing her identity a senior airman who was a cryptologic language analyst using a photo of herself as a senior airman who was a cryptologic language analyst profile picture and posting a selfie in February . February followed Edward Snowden , WikiLeaks , several accounts with links to the hacking collective Anonymous , and several " alt " government agency accounts that became popular after Trump ’s inauguration . Many of the accounts several "alt" government agency accounts that became popular after Trump’s inauguration be run by agency employees unhappy with Trump . 
 Trump 