The Republican Party is " going to have to rethink the business of having open primaries and caucuses , " Washington Post columnist George Will urged after noting that Donald Trump has been doing well in " open " primary contests . [ Watch the Fox News Sunday video here :      Here is a transcript of Will ’s exchange with host Chris Wallace : WALLACE :   How does a party   —    I know you say , well , look , a party is a strong structure and a party ’s gone through various permutations and combinations over the years , George , but how does a party survive when you ’ve got , at least at this point , the two leading candidates , Trump and Cruz who are basically running against the Washington establishment and saying that they ’re corrupt and they ’re going to go in and change things ? WILL : the Washington establishment survives by planning ahead in case Trump and Cruz is the nominee . There are already reliable reports that Republican senatorial candidates , incumbents and otherwise , are planning to distance themselves Republican senatorial candidates, incumbents with ads taking on the   —    the man at the top of the ticket . Second   —    WALLACE :   What   —    so   —    so you ’re saying Republican attack ads against the the nominee WILL : Distancing ads . ( INAUDIBLE ) . Second , the Republican Party is going to have to rethink the business of having open primaries and caucuses . Seven of the , what , 19 events so far have been closed . Trump has lost five of them . So 19 events question is , is this , as has been said , a hostile takeover of the republican Party the Republican Party have to think whether they want to go forward a hostile takeover of the republican Party and the Republicans after year vulnerable to this . Closed primaries are only for those who are registered members of a party prior to election day while open primaries allow for voting by registered voters from any party . On Monday , Fox News noted that trends find Trump performs better in open primaries , while Sen. Ted Cruz has done well in the states that hold closed contests . FoxNews . com reported : To date , Trump has won a dozen Trump , seven of which were open to voters regardless of party affiliation   —    and two of which have a hybrid system . He has won only three Trump that were limited to registered Republicans   —    Nevada , Kentucky and Louisiana . ( His victories in the latter Trump states were relatively tight . ) By contrast , five of Cruz ’s six victories came in closed or    contests . The only exception was Texas , his home state . Fox Trump that if Trump Trump victories are indeed being aided by    voters , that may suggest " he ’s a stronger general Trump candidate than Democrats give him credit for . " Trump week , the Boston Herald cited state election officials saying nearly 20 , 000 Bay State Democrats have left their party this winter , nearly 20, 000 Bay State Democrats thousands joining Republican ranks . Secretary of State William Galvin provided his " guess " for Secretary of State William Galvin unusual occurrence : " The Trump phenomenon . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Aaron Klein bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Aaron Klein him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein 