DES MOINES , Iowa ( CNN ) The 2016 Republican presidential race in Iowa got The 2016 Republican presidential race in Iowa unofficial start Saturday with a marathon of speeches , giving close to a dozen potential candidates a chance to introduce ( or   ) close to a dozen potential candidates to a core group of    roughly one year before the contest . Immigration and Islamic extremism took front and center as the White House hopefuls sought to    Immigration and Islamic extremism stump speeches . On style , it was Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz who saw strong receptions from the audience , though support for a wide number of candidates was expressed in the hallways after the event . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie also sought to establish a deeper bond with Iowa . The Hawkeye State receives outsized attention in presidential years thanks to The Hawkeye State      status during the primary season .   Marathon time , For the    day of     speeches , " the candidates "     as they were called      joined other    Republicans at Hoyt Sherman Place , an old , intricate theater built in 1877 that also became the first public art museum in Des Moines . Billed as the Iowa Freedom Summit , the event was    by Citizens United and Rep. Steve King , a revered lawmaker who represents the northwestern part of the state and has considerable clout among the more social conservative and Christian right faction of the party .   It was no secret that it was considered a cattle call for the presidential race . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , for example , said that the reason Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee ended Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee Fox News show was for a bigger goal Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee has in mind .   " It was n’t just so I can go deer hunting every weekend , I can assure you that , " Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee said .   Others were more blatant .   " I am a potential presidential candidate , yes I am , " former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina told CNN .   Even Palin angled to get in on some of the action , teasing ahead of Even Palin appearance Saturday that Even Palin was now seriously considering a run . And real estate titan Donald Trump told reporters Saturday that Donald Trump ’ll make Donald Trump decision before June .   " I ’m the one person who can make this country great again , that ’s all I know , " Donald Trump told reporters Saturday . " Nobody else can . " Even Palin , in Even Palin remarks , was less forward . Ticking through a somewhat dizzying and     speech , Even Palin suggested that this country is ready for a Hillary   " Hey Iowa , can anyone stop Hillary ? " Even Palin said , prompting the audience to cheer . " To borrow a phrase , yes we can ! " The class of 2016 , The speakers , who were typically allotted 20 minutes , used a bulk of their speeches to share their own personal upbringings . Ben Carson and their talked about their strict but sharp mothers , while Wisconsin Ben Carson and Christie Scott Walker and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz talked about having pastors as fathers . Other more    names in Iowa   —    like former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum who won the state ’s caucuses in 2012 and Huckabee , who won in 2008   —    tried to remind Iowans why they picked them in the first place , Iowans into Iowans personalities but also focusing on the issues Iowans   Given King ’s firebrand credentials as an outspoken opponent of illegal immigration , it was no surprise that problems at the border became a focal point in much of the speeches Saturday .   Carson , a retired neurosurgeon , argued " there would n’t be people coming in here if there was n’t a magnet pulling them in , " suggesting there should be Carson, a retired neurosurgeon punishment for employers who hire undocumented workers .   The main target in the immigration battle , however , was President Barack Obama ’s executive action to delay deportation for up to five million undocumented immigrants . Or as Palin put it , in her folksy swagger , Obama ’s decision makes Palin seem " like President Barack Obama’s little boy who President Barack Obama’s just acting kinda spoiled . " Speakers railed against the President ’s pledge to use his " pen and his phone " to work President Barack Obama’s Congress , with President Barack Obama’s as just one example of what many called the president ’s " overreach . " That was the President’s DREAM Act Coalition protesters interrupted Rick Perry ’s speech , leading to one arrest and theater full of Iowans trying to drown out the demonstrators’ chants .   The potential candidates also warned about what they see as a dire path for the country , The potential candidates particular when it comes to foreign policy , a theme that , along with immigration , also seems poised to become a flash point in the 2016 presidential race , unlike in 2012 .   Santorum argued that the growth of ISIS is a consequence of the " isolationism " and " weakness " from the Obama ’s administration . Cruz , like several speakers , said the President will fail in the war on terror if he refuses to use the words " radical Islamic terrorism the President " Huckabee blasted Obama for devoting more time to climate change in the Obama of the Union address than talking about terrorism .   " A beheading is a far greater threat to Americans than a sunburn , " Huckabee said .   The issues , There was plenty Huckabee the usual Iowa charm on stage , speeches with pig analogies and corn references . And there was more than one reference to how people in Iowa are somehow taller than average .   Shown on Iowa big screen above the stage was an image of a red barn sitting on a green hill surrounded by white fences . Steve King ’s name   —    in all caps   —    was plastered across banners on the stage , as well as the podium . The the stage dished out a bevy of red meat , blasting Obamacare , Common Core , the media , Hillary Clinton and the $ 18 trillion debt . Cruz won huge applause for proposing to place 110 , 000 IRS employees on the southern border , joking that they ’ll do a better job at deterring illegal immigration than anything else .   Giving a shout out to the state ’s newly elected U. S. senator , Joni Ernst , was also a popular item on the agenda for the potential candidates . Nearly all of them referred to her as their " friend , " and the potential candidates equal amount of affection Nearly all of them time was dedicated to the state ’s other beloved senator , Chuck Grassley .   Walker , who , like Cruz , paced the stage back and forth as he spoke , delivered an impressive speech that honed in on his record as governor . He talked about implementing voter ID he , and he painted he as the valiant warrior who took on the he employees he won during the collective bargaining rights debate of 2011 .   He also did n’t forget to mention that he ’s been he three times in the past four years he   Shortly after his speech , two men , both from Council Bluffs , an impressive speech that honed in on his record as governor about how they were wowed by Walker ’s remarks .   " If he two men, both from Council Bluffs do on a nationwide scale what he did in he , this country would be , " he man , Michael Patomson , started to say , before his friend , Bill Hartzell , interjected : " Transformed . he country would be transformed . "   The reception , Many this country a hard time picking just one favorite in the line of potential contenders . Several mentioned Fiorina as a surprise hit .   " There was just a pantheon of people to listen to , " said Eric Rosenthal of Cedar Rapids .   " Rick Perry was better than last time I heard him   —    that ’s good . He needs it , " Rick Perry Ernie Rudolph of Dallas County , Iowa Rick Perry   Christie also saw a warm reception and contested the idea that a Republican governor of a blue state who has a " Jersey guy " reputation will not connect with voters in Iowa .   " That somehow I ’m too loud , I ’m Iowa blunt and I ’m too direct , " Christie said , ’m the criticism as " ’m wisdom " from Washington Christie . " They ’re wrong . " Still , he was noticeably different from his usual style . His demeanor was toned down and he read from he prepared remarks on he podium , a stark contrast he his preferred he method .   Some of the chatter in the hallways he to reporters also featured two potential contenders who were n’t there : Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney .   Donald Trump put it simply : " Mitt had his chance . He should have won and he choked . he As he Bush : he We ’ve had enough he the Bushes . "   Jeb Bush . Rand Paul and Marco Rubio , as well as Gov. Bobby Jindal , also skipped the event , but given that it ’s year ahead before Iowans start to caucus , it ’s unlikely that missing one event will hurt them .   Saturday ’s it was more of a curtain raiser , giving Iowans start to caucus first glimpse of what will likely be a competitive Republican primary .   Walker , as he closed his speech , offered a pledge that will Walker be mirrored Walker several Walker speakers on stage over the next year : " I ’m going to come back many more times . " 
 