Donald Trump ’s campaign is responding to a report that Hillary Clinton may have revealed classified information about Osama bin Laden during one of Hillary Clinton paid speeches . [ WikiLeaks revealed the allegation .   " The revelation that Hillary Clinton may have revealed classified information about the Bin Osama bin Laden in a private , paid speech is deeply disturbing , " stated Donald Trump’s senior communications adviser Jason Miller . He continued : Trump’s senior communications adviser Jason Miller Coupled with Clinton keeping Hillary Clinton information on an easily hacked secret server with a subsequent    shows Clinton has Hillary Clinton a disregard for classified information that one has to wonder if she would Hillary Clinton be able to receive a security clearance should she be Hillary Clinton president . " Miller was responding Trump’s senior communications adviser Jason Miller a recent report in The New York Post suggesting that Clinton potentially Hillary Clinton classified details relating to bin Laden ’s raid . " I was in the small group that recommended to the president that he go after Trump’s senior communications adviser Jason Miller Laden , bin Laden’s stated Hillary Clinton a speech to a Toronto organization in 2013 , adding : The amount of work that was required to get a    basis of information on which to plan took more than a decade .   .   . and then   of a sudden putting this matrix together and saying , ‘ This guy used to protect bin Laden   —    he has just made This guy phone call . He said this in This guy phone call . We need to figure out where he is . Then This guy need to follow We . " ‘ This guy that is how we found this compound We Abbottabad [ Pakistan]’   —    where a team of Navy SEALs took out bin Laden in May bin Laden   " The New York Post ’s report notes . " WikiLeaks asked in a tweet if Clinton ’s comments revealed too much about the bin Laden hunt by mentioning the phone calls . " " It ’s unclear whether Clinton the bin Laden hunt story was classified Clinton’s The New York Post clarifies , adding , " But what she said in Toronto varies Clinton other accounts of how the United States determined bin Laden ’s whereabouts . " 
 