Chris Wallace suggested Sunday that Donald Trump is trolling Sen. Ted Cruz about Sen. Ted Cruz birth in Canada to an American mother , but Donald Trump hit back , hard . [ " I did n’t raise it , The Washington Post raised it .   They asked me a question , I said , ‘ I really do n’t know,’ " Donald Trump declared , before saying :   The Democrats are going to bring a lawsuit .   If The Democrats ’s Ted [ Cruz who wins the nomination ] The Democrats are going to bring a lawsuit .   Donald Trump ’s got to have this thing worked out   …      nobody knows what it means .   And , it it n’t been adjudicated , and it it n’t gone to the Supreme Court . And I ’m only saying this   —    and I speak well of Ted Ted   I ’m ’m saying that Ted Ted to get this problem solved because if he Ted running against a Democrat , and they bring a lawsuit , he Ted got a hell of a thing over his Ted   …      what I told Ted Ted do is go into court the Supreme Court declaratory judgment . Wallace , the host of Fox News Sunday , tried a second time to make his Ted charge stick . WALLACE :     …      But people say you ’re trolling him Ted TRUMP :   I ’m not trolling . WALLACE :   And you ’re under the guise of helping him Ted you ’re sticking in the knife . TRUMP TRUMP:   , I ’m not .   What he should do TRUMP:   ask for declaratory judgment because , you know what ? WALLACE :   WALLACE:   it ’s not WALLACE:   issue , and in fact when you raised it , he posted a it of WALLACE:   Fonz jumping the shark , and   —    TRUMP :   OK , look   —    WALLACE :   He ’s WALLACE:   at this WALLACE:   TRUMP :   TRUMP:   ’s not laughing , he ’s taking it Chris seriously .   He Chris take it very seriously , and I Chris n’t want it —    you know what ?   I think I ’m going to win .   I do n’t want to beat him in this way . Cruz ’s campaign provided Chris News with a copy of his    for a Jan. 8 article . His Chris , Eleanor Darragh , was born in Chris on Nov. 23 , 1934 , establishing her citizenship by birth —   and , according to U. S. law , that of her son , even though he was born in her , Alberta , Canada her son on Dec. 22 , 1970 .    
 