  ( CNN ) An additional charge has been filed against a Maryland man accused of tweeting an animated strobe image to a journalist with epilepsy , prosecutors in Texas said Monday . John Rayne Rivello , 29 , was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , said Brittany Dunn with the Dallas County District Attorney ’s Office . A grand jury referral said Rivello sent the tweet knowing journalist Kurt Eichenwald   was " susceptible to seizures and that such animations are capable of causing seizures . " The document said Rivello used " a deadly weapon , to wit : a tweet and a graphics interchange format ( GIF ) and an electronic device and hands during the commission of the assault . " Prosecutors said Kurt Eichenwald   was chosen because Rivello had a bias against people of Jewish descent . Kurt Eichenwald   attorney , Timothy Perkins , told CNN : " We Eichenwald’s attorney, Timothy Perkins the message like a bomb or sending anthrax to someone in the mail . " Federal authorities previously charged Rivello with cyberstalking . CNN CNN unable Friday or Monday to reach Rivello or Rivello attorneys . The flashing image was sent to Eichenwald , a Newsweek senior writer and Vanity Fair contributing editor , on December 15 and came with the message : " You deserve a seizure for your post , " according to the federal criminal complaint . Eichenwald said the The flashing image a seizure and he then Eichenwald to identify the person who sent it . The flashing image After a 3 month investigation , the FBI this morning arrested the man who assaulted me using a strobe on twitter that triggered a seizure , " Eichenwald tweeted Eichenwald Friday . The FBI and police in Maryland and Dallas , where Eichenwald resides Eichenwald investigated the case and arrested Rivello .   Rivello , who is from Salisbury , Maryland , Maryland initially charged with cyberstalking and appeared in federal court Friday . last Friday The Twitter account belonging to Rivello allegedly Rivello direct messages sent to other users regarding Eichenwald with Eichenwald like , " I hope this sends him into a seizure , " " Spammed this at ( victim ) let ’s see if he dies him " and " I know he has him , " according to the allegations in an affidavit that was unsealed Friday . last Friday also found screen shots from an epilepsy website with a list of commonly reported epilepsy seizure triggers and a story from a Dallas news site about Eichenwald ’s efforts to subpoena Twitter to track down the user who sent him the him , according to the affidavit an affidavit that was unsealed Friday Since the first incident , " More than 40 ppl sent strobes once they found out More than 40 ppl could trigger More than 40 ppl , " Eichenwald tweeted . Eichenwald Stop sending them , " More than 40 ppl wrote him He said him information about the people who sent him those him images is now " currently in the hands of the FBI . " Eichenwald has been Eichenwald about having epilepsy . In October , he wrote him Newsweek that one of President Donald Trump ’s supporters with the handle " Mike ’s Deplorable AF " had tweeted to him after he Mike’s written Mike’s Trump ’s conflicts President Donald Trump’s .   " Mike " mentioned his Mike’s and sent "Mike a video of "Mike lights .   " It ’s what ’s called epileptogenic     something that triggers seizures . Fortunately , since I was standing , I simply dropped my iPad to the ground the second I realized what Mike had done . "Mike landed face down my iPad the bathroom floor , " he wrote in Newsweek "Mike   Not all people with epilepsy are   . The Epilepsy Foundation estimates that certain visual patterns and flashing lights can trigger seizures in about 3 % of people with epilepsy . " When people have photosensitivity , it ’s reduced by taking medication , but it ’s not obliterated it medication , " said Dr. Kimford Meador , a professor of neurology at Stanford University Medical Center . " The risk of it is markedly reduced if they ’re on medication , but patients try to avoid situations where they have flashing lights patients " 
 