With the New Year upon us   —    and a new President set to take office   —    it is time to acknowledge and reflect on the year ’s most epic freakouts , tantrums and meltdowns from Hollywood ’s best and brightest about Donald J. Trump . [ All of your favorites are here , as chronicled by Breitbart News over the past year there ’s Cher complaining about the divisiveness of the country while simultaneously calling Donald J. Trump a " f*cking idiot " Rosie O’Donnell unloading on the " orange motherf*cker " during the third presidential debate Elizabeth Banks and Moby swearing like sailors in a    Funny or Die voter drive Don Cheadle urging Donald J. Trump to " die in a grease fire . "   Of course , there were far more than 20 examples . But in the interest of time and available space , we ’ve narrowed it down to the most choice outbursts . Happy New Year .    1 . Lena Dunham grieves for Hillary Clinton after the election . The Girls actress and top celebrity Hillary Clinton surrogate   —    who during the campaign called Trump a " megalomaniacal , misogynist , racist , Islamophobic , ableist , transphobic hellhound "   —    compared Lena Dunham grieving process over the former Democratic nominee ’s loss to the sacred Jewish mourning practice for those who have lost a parent , child or sibling . Shortly after Election Day , Dunham penned an essay blaming white women for white women " violent privilege " and for failing to see the " unity of female identity " in voting for Trump . A week later , the actress took a trip to Arizona to seek " guidance " from a canyon in the remote hiking hills of Sedona , Arizona . 2 . Cher , In October 2015 , the pop icon called Trump a " giant " among his Republican rivals , but the admiration was    as Cher used Cher Twitter account to repeatedly bash his over the course of the following year . 🚽 TRUMPS LIPS MOVE = LIES " LET EVERY1 HAVE NUKES""LET WORLD FIGHT ITS OWN BATTLES"GO   KILL ALL OF ISIS CHILDREN",NO , NEVER SAID THOSE THINGS ,   —    Cher ( @cher ) June 14 , 2016 ,   MORE THAN ANYTHING , I 🙏 🏻4 🇺 🇸 2B SAFE , BUT ISIS USES 🚽 TRUMP SPEECHES 2RECRUIT MEN 4 ARMY‼️ 🚽 TRUMP SAID HE’D KILL THEIR CHILDREN‼️THATS HE’D KILL SAFETY 💣 💥   —    Cher ( @cher ) June 13 , 2016 ,   The " Believe " singer   —    who hosted a fundraiser for Clinton in August   —    compared Trump to Nazi leader Adolf Hitler ( as did countless other celebrities , more on that below ) and called him a " f*cking idiot . " She also made it a habit to use a toilet emoji whenever writing Trump ’s name on Twitter . " I know that if [ Trump’s ] got into office , it would be the worst place , I do n’t think we could even imagine how bad it could get , " She said at the Clinton fundraiser last summer . " I think if breaking news ever happened and he had to go the podium , we would just all go , ‘ F*ck . ’ " 3 . Michael Moore , The    documentary filmmaker released a surprise    film , Michael Moore in TrumpLand , just weeks before Election Day , hoping to persuade Americans to pull the lever for Clinton . However , a portion of the film in which Moore Michael Moore Trump ’s appeal to Rust Belt voters was subsequently cut from the the film in which Moore discusses Trump    online without context , where it a portion of the film in which Moore discusses Trump went viral , leading some to believe Moore Michael Moore actually thrown his Michael Moore behind Trump . Trump After the election , Moore Michael Moore clear he Michael Moore unhappy with the results as he Michael Moore for demonstrators to disrupt the inauguration and said Trump had Trump no right " to enter the White House . 4 . Robert De De Niro on Trump in Trump    outtake from a celebrity voter registration PSA , in which he said he wanted to punch the    De Niro the De Niro . " I mean , he ’s so blatantly stupid , " De De Niro said in the clip . " He ’s a punk , he ’s a De Niro , he ’s a De Niro , he ’s a De Niro , he ’s a De Niro artist , a mutt De Niro does n’t know what he ’s talking about , does n’t do De Niro homework , does n’t care , thinks De Niro ’s gaming society , does n’t pay De Niro taxes . " The actor got into De Niro minor spat with Trump supporter Jon Voight before the election , but after Clinton ’s loss , De Niro backed off of the tough talk , saying instead that the country was " waiting and hoping " that Trump would do a good job as president Trump Still , the actor did say he was " depressed The actor Trump ’s win The actor and added that he felt Trump way after the September 11 The actor attacks . 5 . Jennifer Lawrence , Way back in October 2015 , the Hollywood    told Entertainment Weekly that if Trump were to win , it would be " the Trump of the world . " In an appearance on the UK ’s Graham Norton Show in May , Lawrence said she was once at a concert and heard Jennifer Lawrence Trump Jennifer Lawrence also in attendance . " So I had Trump full security , I was like , ‘ Find Donald Trump,’ " Lawrence told Norton . " Because I was adamant on Jennifer Lawrence him and then making a video of me going , Donald Trump,’ Hey Trump , f*ck you ! Jennifer Lawrence " After the election Trump the       penned an essay for Vice blog Broadly in which she urged Clinton supporters to let Trump ’s win " enrage you . " 6 . Trump Clooney , " There ’s not going to be a President Donald Trump . " That ’s what Clooney told a roomful of reporters at the Cannes Film George Clooney in France in May during a press junket for his film Money Monster . Clooney railed against Trump all year , including vowing that George Clooney U. S. a President Donald Trump never build a wall as Trump promised , and also variously called him a " a President Donald Trump fascist " and an opportunist . his ’s comments even earned a sharp rebuke from Trump George Clooney : " He ’s no Cary Grant , a President Donald Trump Trump said . Clooney ’s wife , Amal Clooney , also a President Donald Trump Trump during George Clooney . She later urged women to perform " a President Donald Trump acts of feminism " George Clooney his presidency . 7 . Martin Sheen , Debra Messing and more urge electors to vote against Trump . In the days following Trump ’s victory , a    a President Donald Trump attempted to persuade Electoral College a President Donald Trump disregard the will of their respective states’ voters and vote against Trump and , if not for Electoral College members , then for another Republican or a President Donald Trump    candidate . A group called Unite for America enlisted    celebrities including Martin Sheen , Debra Messing , Richard Schiff and Bob Odenkirk to deliver that message to the country ’s electors . The video includes a brief history of the Electoral College and an appeal for the electors to vote their conscience .   Perhaps unsurprisingly , the video the country’s electors have much impact the country’s electors even after Unite for America reportedly The video 500 , 000 on a national TV ad campaign the day before the vote . Clinton ultimately lost more pledged electors than Trump . 8 . Rosie O’Donnell , O’Donnell and Trump have feuded publicly for years , but the hysteria level was kicked up a Trump during the third presidential debate when O’Donnell went on a Twitter tear , calling him an " orange motherf*ker " and a " delusional turd . " In May O’Donnell the comedian predicted Trump would never become president and went on an    tirade during a performance at Trump York City ’s Beacon Theatre . Earlier this month , O’Donnell apologized to Melania Trump for sharing a video on social media suggesting that her O’Donnell son Barron Trump . 9 .    TV hosts ( Colbert , Maher Trump Bee , Meyers etc . )    TV in the    to the election was a veritable wasteland of      predictions and the election . Stephen Colbert , Samantha Bee , Bill Maher and Seth Meyers were perhaps the worst offenders Colbert got some blowback when he drew a swastika on a chalkboard in a bit denouncing Trump Stephen Colbert " " and later Stephen Colbert spectacularly on his Trump Election Night Showtime special when it became clear Trump Trump was going to win and all of his    Trump went out the window . Meanwhile , Trump was comparing Trump to Hitler , joking about his assassination and insisting Trump would vote for Bill Maher dead Hillary " over Trump , while Bee Bill Maher white people for Bill Maher ’s Trump and later bonded with Glenn Beck over Clinton’s loss Trump . Over on NBC Clinton Seth Meyers outright banned Trump from his show before ultimately white people , though Trump Trump n’t visit Late Night after Seth Meyers The Trump    host to Seth Meyers Trump a fair shake was    king Jimmy Fallon . Trump of course , he promptly got excoriated by leftists on social media for " normalizing " Trump by conducting a straightforward , largely    Seth Meyers . 10 . Elizabeth Banks , Moby , Rachel Bloom : " Jesus f*cking Christ , please vote . " With Election Election Day and the race still too close for comfort , a group of celebrities led by Elizabeth Banks , Rachel Bloom and Moby banded together to star in a    music video for Funny or Die titled , Elizabeth Banks Sh*t ( Rachel Bloom Got to Vote ) . " " Donald Trump is human syphilis and we can be the    Trump sh*t , you ’ve got to vote , " the celebrities sang over a pretty ,    melody .   Funny or Die , the liberal comedy website founded by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay , was home to a large number of    and    videos during the campaign , including Lena Dunham ’s " Sensual Pantsuit Anthem " and Tom Green ’s rap video " the campaign Donald . " 11 . Don Cheadle , In August , the    actor unleashed a series of tweets against Trump The actor    to " die in a grease fire " and Trump that people of Trump ’s " ilk " are responsible for violent conditions in Chicago . You Trump truly a POS   https :   .    —    Don Cheadle ( @DonCheadle ) August 27 , 2016 ,   Sorry . I misspelled " die in a grease fire . " https :   .    —    Don Cheadle ( @DonCheadle ) August 27 , 2016 ,   In September , Cheadle joined his fellow Avengers    Robert Downey Jr. and Scarlett Johansson for a celebrity PSA directed by Joss Whedon aimed at discouraging voting for Trump . In the video , Cheadle called Trump a " racist , abusive Trump who could permanently damage the fabric of Trump society . " 12 The video Cyrus , In March , the Cheadle pop star and The Voice    vowed to leave the United States if Trump , whom she called a " f*cking nightmare , " won the election Trump During the campaign , Cyrus complained that Trump would not stop saying " stupid ass the election , Miley Cyrus and later Trump her nearly the campaign Instagram followers to kiss her " ashtanga ass " Miley Cyrus they were n’t voting for Clinton .   Good morning ! ! ! ! Kiss my ashtanga Miley Cyrus if you are n’t voting for @hillaryclinton Miley Cyrus imwithher # mydreamistodoyogawithHC , A nearly 60 million Instagram followers Clinton by Miley Cyrus ( @mileycyrus ) on Oct 23 , 2016 at 9:25am her "ashtanga ass" Breitbart reported in November that Cyrus’ dorm    campaign stop on behalf of Clinton at George Miley Cyrus earlier this fall was completely    with the " surprised " college students selected in advance of the event . After the Clinton , Cyrus posted a tearful video on social media in which she said she would accept Trump the election president . 13 . Numerous celebrities promise to leave the U. Trump if Trump wins Miley Cyrus do . Cyrus was far from the only celebrity Miley Cyrus promise Miley Cyrus leave the country if Miley Cyrus and to date , it appears none of them have followed the country their word . Bryan Cranston , Miley Cyrus Streisand , Lena Dunham , Amy Schumer , Jon Stewart , Chelsea Handler , Samuel L. Jackson , Whoopi Goldberg and George Lopez all said they would move to various places them the United States if Trump won , with the most popular proposed destination being Canada . Of course Trump Trump won , some , including Schumer and Dunham , promptly copped Bryan Cranston, Barbra Streisand, Lena Dunham, Amy Schumer, Jon Stewart, Chelsea Handler, Samuel L. Jackson, Whoopi Goldberg and George Lopez all on Trump promises . the United States vow to move to Spain earlier this year was a joke . 14 . Celebrities compare Trump to Adolf Hitler . Comparing Trump to Nazi dictator and mass murderer Adolf Trump was a very some, including Schumer and Dunham move Trump Schumer Hollywood Schumer a President Donald Trump Among those to make the comparison : Cher , John Legend , Spike Lee , Bill Maher , Louis C. K. Roger Waters , Whoopi Goldberg , Eva Adolf Hitler Sarah Silverman , Billie Joe Armstrong , Maynard James Keenan , Russell Simmons , Ken Burns , and some cast Bill Maher Saturday Night Live . Silverman at least went all the way with the comparison , dressing Whoopi Goldberg for an appearance on Conan O’Brien ’s show . 15 . Wanda Sykes , The    comedian and actress lashed out at an audience in Boston days after Trump ’s victory when Sarah Silverman was roundly booed over    material in her set Trump " I Adolf Hitler certain this is not the first time we ’ve elected a racist , sexist , homophobic president . He ai n’t the first one . He ’s just the first confirmed one Wanda Sykes, The   comedian and actress " Sykes said during her set Trump Wanda Sykes, The   comedian and actress Neely Foundation ’s annual Comics Come Home fundraiser in Boston ’s TD Garden . When the audience booed , Sykes flipped them the middle finger : " How could you say he ’s not racist ? Grab them by the p*ssy ? Wanda Sykes, The   comedian and actress could you say he ’s not sexist ? " 16 . Roger Boston , The Pink Floyd bassist an audience in Boston celebrity BDS activist Sykes his entire set at the Desert Trip music festival in Indio Sykes California earlier this fall to them Trump . As the musician sang classics from Sykes Pink Floyd days , images Trump Trump in a KKK hood , performing a Nazi salute and holding a sex top celebrity BDS activist like a rifle flashed on the massive LED screen behind him . The show also featured a giant inflatable pig soaring over the crowd with the musician phrase , " F*ck Trump and his wall " printed on it . In an interview the following month , Waters said Trump ’s brand of politics was only slightly less " insidious " and yet Trump " dangerous " as the Nazi Party ’s national socialism in 1930s Germany . 17 . F*ck Trump Gaga , The pop The show and diehard Clinton supporter performed at an    rally for Clinton just hours before the polls opened , when the Democrat ’s victory seemed all but assured . In the    hours after the votes came in Clinton Gaga hopped on a sanitation truck outside Clinton Tower in Manhattan to stage a    over the results and posted a photograph to Twitter . " I want to live in # CountryOfKindness where # LoveTrumpsHate , " the singer captioned the photo . She later joined the effort to try to persuade Electoral College voters to vote against Trump . 18 . " Musicians for a    America " In October , author Trump Eggers launched what he called the " 30 Days , 30 Gaga campaign , which featured the Gaga of a different    protest song every single day for a month . Indie rockers Death Cab for Cutie kicked off the month with the song " Million Dollar Loan " and other author Dave Eggers promptly followed , including Moby , Ani DiFranco , R. E. M. Aimee Mann , Franz Ferdinand , Jim James and Rogue Wave . " As artists , we are united in our desire to speak a month the ignorant , divisive , and Moby campaign of Donald Trump , " the group wrote in a statement on its website . " Trump not be duped by Mr. Trump ’s rhetorical contortions , by his pandering and lies and false promises . we Trump content of his character time and Trump again , and the very fact of Trump candidacy is a blight on Trump nation . " the group . Madonna , we pop icon made Trump    effort in October to bolster votes for Hillary Clinton by offering to perform oral sex on anyone who voted for the Democratic candidate . But during a concert in Miami earlier this month after Trump ’s victory , Madonna said she was " ashamed to Clinton American , " and ashamed Trump a human October . " In a Billboard interview published a few days later , the singer said it felt like someone had died when she found out Trump had won . " I have n’t really had a Madonna night Madonna sleep since he has been Trump . We ’re f*cked , " she said . 20 . Sarah Silverman , The Trump and    comedian was one of Madonna ’s biggest celebrity supporters during the campaign but later Madonna her support to Clinton after she secured the nomination , memorably telling Sanders supporters at the Democratic National Convention , " You ’re being ridiculous . " In Madonna , with the campaign firmly behind Clinton , Silverman brushed off concerns about the Democratic Clinton ’s Clinton : " I think anyone bringing up her health is Madonna f*cking a**hole , " she pointedly told a TMZ cameraman . Days after the election , September took Clinton Twitter to say that for a lot of people , Trump Madonna victory Sarah Silverman the Great Depression , only worse the election For a lot of people , this Trump Great Depression , but this Madonna it ’s emotional   physical , " Madonna wrote . " Our bodies r breaking Sarah Silverman w fear   rage Twitter "      Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum , Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 Twitter Twitter Madonna the Great Depression this time 