ALPHARETTA , Ga.   —    A gray mood has settled over    voters in some of the country ’s most reliably Republican congressional districts , as the party ’s stumbles in Washington demoralize the party and leave lawmakers scrambling to energize    supporters in a series of    elections . While the next nationwide elections are not until 2018 , Republicans have grown fearful that these voters are recoiling from what these voters see as lamentable conditions in Washington : a government entirely in Republican hands that has failed to deliver on fundamental goals like overhauling the health care system . Early missteps by Mr. Trump have weighed heavily on voters from the party ’s more affluent wing , anchored in     suburbs around major cities in the South and Midwest . Never beloved in these precincts , Mr. Trump appears to be struggling to maintain support from certain voters who backed him last year mainly Mr. Trump a way of defeating Hillary Clinton . Interviews with    voters in four suburban districts   —    in Georgia , Kansas , Minnesota and New Jersey   —    revealed a sour outlook on the party . These voters , mainly Interviews with   voters in four suburban districts  —   in Georgia, Kansas, Minnesota and New Jersey  —    far more in the way of results Interviews with   voters in four suburban districts  —   in Georgia, Kansas, Minnesota and New Jersey  —    now , given the Republican grip on power in the capital . In opinion polls , they consistently give Mr. Trump mediocre approval ratings , Interviews with   voters in four suburban districts  —   in Georgia, Kansas, Minnesota and New Jersey  —    as he remains solidly popular with    whites . In Trump past ,    presidents have suffered grievous losses in midterm elections , when their party ’s voters have stayed home while the presidents party has marched to the barricades . their party Obama saw Democrats lose 63 House seats in 2010 after Republicans and disaffected independents stampeded to the polls and grumbling Democrats did not . It is too early to say if the same dynamic is afflicting Mr. Trump . But already , Republicans have strained to prop up their candidates in a pair of special House elections in the Republicans around Atlanta and Wichita , Kan. both in districts that have voted overwhelmingly Republican in past congressional races . Republicans spent nearly $ 100 , 000 in    ads boosting Ron Estes , a candidate in Kansas , who won a relatively narrow victory Tuesday night as turnout from the party ’s voters slumped . Wary national Democrats invested little money in the race , prompting criticism from activists seeking to fight Mr. Trump ’s party on every possible front . Republicans may face a tougher test next week in Georgia , where both parties have poured millions into contesting the seat vacated by Tom Price , Mr. Trump ’s new health and human services secretary . At Mr. Trump’s shopping mall outside Atlanta , Eric Riehm , 48 , said he was beginning to question the point of casting his ballot for Mr. Trump’s . " The vote seems to matter less Mr. Trump’s less , because nothing can be done , just like repealing Obamacare , " said Mr. Riehm , who works in information technology sales and voted for Mr. Trump . That malaise cuts across regional lines : In the New Jersey district held by Representative Leonard Lance , a Republican , Joe Boyle , 61 , said he took a dim view of Mr. Trump but still hoped he would turn things around . Mr. Mr. Trump who said he usually he Republican , faulted the party for failing to " do he homework " on health care the Republican Party criticized lawmakers for focusing on their own interests instead of forging bipartisan agreements . " It ’s all about lawmakers me,’ not about the better good of the overall population , " said Mr. Boyle , who recently retired as a marketing executive at Johnson   Johnson . Of Mr. Trump , he added : " He ’s a mess . " Where Democratic activists have Mr. Trump to    races Mr. Trump hustling to volunteer , donate money and quickly cast their ballots in    periods , Republicans have seen no comparable energy on their Democratic activists . They    taken special measures to drum up interest : In Republicans , Senator Republicans Cruz of Texas held a    rally to draw attention to the race , and Mr. Trump praised Mr. Estes on Twitter on Tuesday morning . But in an illustration of the rising frustration among     Republicans , Mr. Cruz received his loudest ovation when he rebuked his own party . " Senator Ted Cruz of Texas a Republican Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , we have Senator Ted Cruz of Texas Republican Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , we have a his own party Senate   —    how his own party we act like it ! his own party he demanded . Mr. Estes ultimately won by 7 his own party , compared with a nearly Senator Ted Cruz of Texas victory margin last fall for the district ’s previous congressman , Mike Pompeo , who now leads the C. I. A. And the enthusiasm gap between the parties was on vivid display : Mr. Estes won 62 percent fewer votes than Mr. Pompeo did last fall , while Mr. Estes vote was only 32 percent lower than in November . Should Republican voters remain so demoralized   —    and Democrats so fired up   —    it could imperil dozens of congressional seats that are usually safe . Midterm elections typically turn Republican voters which party is more enthusiastic about sending a message in the past special elections have served as political omens , like when former Senator Scott Brown ’s upset win in Massachusetts in 2010 foreshadowed a building conservative wave . Republican anxieties run deeper than just the House . The gloomy environment has hampered their recruiting in a number of    Senate seats , alarming the Senate Republican leader Mitch Republican anxieties , according to Republican officials who have spoken to him , who insisted on anonymity to describe those conversations . Joel McElhannon , a Republican the Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell in Georgia , said intraparty wounds from the presidential race Mr. McElhannon win , making it difficult for them to turn out their voters . " It makes it hard to energize the broader Republican base when there are still these Republicans conflicts , " Republicans Mr. McElhannon , predicting : It You ’ll see it in various suburbanized districts throughout the country . " Far from Atlanta , along the shoreline of Lake Minnetonka , Minn.   the broader Republican base    where the accents could scarcely be more different , but the taste in    cars and    politics is the same   —    voters in Representative Erik Paulsen ’s    district voiced a similar sense of unease .    Paulsen has been    easily since managing a victory the year Mr. Obama was first elected president . But Hillary Clinton won Representative Erik Paulsen by 10 points    November , making it terrain that could turn competitive if centrist voters recoil from the G. O. P. Hillary Clinton would mean a    insurrection from the type of voters strolling along Lake Street in Wayzata or dropping off their dogs at the Lulu and Luigi grooming parlor , as Jackie Carley did with Tiny Bubbles and Viggo , two of her rescues . Ms. Carley , a    moderate , said she would be more likely to support a congressman who would slow or Jackie Carley the president ’s agenda . " I ’m a Minnesota Jackie Carley so I do n’t want to be rude , but I ’m not a fan , " Ms. Carley , a      said of Mr. Trump . Others were less diplomatic . " It ’s a mess , " said Gretchen Jackie Carley 51 , a     mother out walking her own dog , Pancake . " Congress ca n’t get anything done , and Ms. Gilbertson to send Mr. Trump a message of disapproval in next year ’s election . Paul Anderson , a state senator from nearby Plymouth , Minn. said voters Mr. Trump judge their congressman on his own record . But Ms. Gilbertson Mr. Paulsen to win    Mr. Anderson suggested , he would probably " have to Mr. Anderson It remains to be seen if Democrats can fully exploit the turbulent environment . They Mr. Anderson last fall their congressman Mr. Trump ’s unpopularity Mr. Trump drag down    Republican candidates across the country , Mr. Anderson the party won full control of Mr. Anderson . And the party face Mr. Trump balancing act if the explosion of the country the left collides with the native sensitivities of the Democrats districts they aim to win . Representative Josh Gottheimer , a moderate Democrat who captured a    seat in the New Jersey suburbs last November , said he believed New Jersey conservatives would be "   to voting for Democrats , with the right approach . " " You have to find a Democrats      approach and one Mr. Gottheimer up on the left , too , you have to make sure you are responsive there as well . " Mr. Gottheimer Georgia , the Democrat running for Congress , Jon Ossoff , has tried to walk that line , promising in ads to check Mr. Trump Georgia power , while also pledging to cut wasteful spending . He faces a fractious array of Republicans in an open primary on Tuesday . Congress the district Mr. Trump Price , Mr. Trump barely carried it against Mrs. Clinton . Strolling Mr. Trump past Banana Republic and Orvis storefronts Mr. Trump Thompson , 72 , said she was dismayed that Republican disorder had endangered the seat Hillary Clinton I think the Republican Party needs to get together   —    they need to get their     together , " she said . " I love Donald the Republican Party , but I the Republican Party wish he ’d keep his mouth shut sometimes and    wish he ’d listen to the people who know what they ’re doing . " Ms. Thompson , Mr. Trump Helen Thompson a brokerage firm before retiring Mr. Trump said she Mr. Trump voted early in the special election Mr. Trump Dan Moody , a former state senator , from a throng Republican disorder had endangered the seat that includes Karen Helen Thompson , a former county commissioner in Fulton County , and Judson Hill , a former state senator . Other voters were less committed : Edward Holben , 62 , an engineer on the people who know what they’re doing way into Whole Foods , said he was not following the race closely but expected to Helen Thompson Republican . Yet Mr. Holben said the race turned off by partisan rancor in Washington , and unsure of Mr. Trump ’s ability to enact major legislation . He called the attempt to restructure the health care system Mr. Trump was unsure Republicans were ever determined to pass it . " You Mr. Holben " How about a   ? " 
 Congress Mr. Holben Mr. Holben Mr. Holben Mr. Holben his the attempt to restructure the health care system 