London ( CNN ) The United Kingdom ’s historic Brexit vote to leave the European Union triggered the resignation Friday of British Prime Minister David Cameron and wreaked havoc on global markets . Go here to follow CNN ’s coverage of the UK referendum live .   There was a mixture of jubilation and tearful disbelief in the UK as people awoke to the final result from Thursday ’s extremely close vote , which deeply divided the nation . The result plunged Europe into uncertainty , with calls for further referendums from emboldened    groups who see it as a boost for their      policies . it also reverberated across financial markets , causing huge losses in Asia , Europe and the United States as traders weighed the consequences for the world ’s biggest economic zone . Within hours of Thursday ’s ballot outcome     51 . 89 % in favor of leaving the EU and 48 . 11 % against     Cameron delivered an emotionally charged statement outside the Prime Minister ’s residence at 10 Downing Street , announcing Cameron intention to stand down . MORE : What happens now ? Cameron ’s possible successor , " The British people have voted to leave EU EU their The British people must be respected , " he Cameron . " The will of the The British people an instruction which must be delivered . . .. There can be no doubt about the result . " Cameron Cameron no timetable for his Cameron but said he Cameron a new leader to be in place by October , when his Cameron Party holds its annual conference his Conservative Party He Cameron the country needed a    leader to steer it out of the country EU , an organization it has been the country part of since 1973 . That process could take at least two years . Boris Johnson , the former mayor of London who campaigned for the UK ’s departure from the EU , the EU by bookmakers as Cameron ’s likely successor .   Johnson , who was greeted by a booing crowd when he left his home on Friday he , thanked voters for their decision , pledged voters the UK would remain the UK’s Europe and urged unity . " I think the electorate have searched in their hearts and answered as the electorate as they can , " he the electorate . " They he decided to vote the electorate take back control from a European Union that has become too remote . " Former PM : There will be costs , Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer   that UK voters would learn over the next 24 months that leaving Europe will not solve their economic troubles , ease UK voters apprehensions or make Britain UK voters independent in a meaningful way . " I literally can not think of a big decision that I was not able to take because of Europe , " Blair said Europe " There Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair so much anger at the moment that the anger replaces the more rational answers . " Blair noted that the United Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair was facing the same type of political fracturing , brought on by economic turmoil , globalization and anger at immigration .   " Getting out of Europe is not the answer Europe " he said , noting the Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair sells half of its goods and services to the UK EU . " We are going to have the EU negotiate ourselves back into that market the EU it will be much more that market than these people understand . " Possible Scottish independence vote , In Scotland , where support was overwhelmingly in favor of remaining in the EU , Nicola Sturgeon , Scotland ’s First Minister and leader of the dominant Scottish National Party , said the outcome threw into doubt the future of her country ’s place in Nicola Sturgeon UK . She said the Scottish government Nicola Sturgeon begin preparing legislation for a new independence referendum if the Scottish Parliament decides it wants to hold one a new independence referendum Scots voted down a bid for independence from the UK in 2014 . the UK unacceptable , " said Sturgeon in describing the fact that Scotland would be pulled out of the European Union despite the majority of the Scottish people voting to stay in . MORE : What does Brexit mean for you ? Sinn Fein calls for Irish unity , The Sinn Féin party in Northern Ireland called for a referendum on Irish unity , which could take Irish Ireland out of the UK Northern Ireland it with the Republic of Ireland , the UK EU member . Voters in Northern Ireland voted for the UK to Northern Ireland the EU . the UK President Gerry Adams said EU result could portend tougher border rules     with barriers and custom posts     between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland , Northern Ireland will be the only land border between the EU and the UK . Adams said such a result would be unacceptable given the vote Sinn Féin President Gerry Adams in Northern Ireland and could undermine the cooperative relationships and Northern Ireland developed between the two Irelands since the Good Friday agreement . " My issue is the north of Ireland is going to be dragged out of the EU on the Ireland made by people on another island , " said Adams , whose political party is dedicated to the reunification of Ireland . " We ’re calling for a poll , a referendum Ireland on Irish unity , on the border . This ( the Brexit vote ) has the potential to set back the good work that ’s been done in terms of the peace process , building harmony , building infrastructure . " ’Dying’ institution , As European leaders faced their own crises , German Chancellor Angela Merkel stressed the " need European leaders make sure that European people feel that the EU wants to improve all our lives European " She said she greatly regretted the UK ’s decision , but added , " She EU is strong enough to find the right answers today . the EU the EU Francois Hollande called it a " painful choice which I deeply regret for the UK and the UK’s decision . " Italy ’s finance minister , Pier Carlo Padoan , warned of a domino effect amid calls for further exit votes .    Dutch politician Geert Wilders congratulated the UK on its decision and called for a Dutch referendum on EU membership .   Dutch politician Geert Wilders We want to be in Dutch of our own country , our own money , our own borders and our We immigration policy , We he was quoted We saying in a We on his website . Marine Dutch politician Geert Wilders Pen , the leader of France ’s National Dutch politician Geert Wilders party who plans to run for the French presidency next year , also congratulated the Brexit side . Her party has suggested the French will also hold an " out " referendum if she assumes French . Passions continued to run high in the UK in Her hours after the vote , with UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) leader and Leave campaigner Nigel Farage declaring the EU a " dying " institution . " We ’ve given ourselves the chance to rejoin the world , " he told journalists . " We 23rd needs to become a national bank holiday Nigel Farage we will call it Independence Day . " U. S. President Barack Obama said We while the June 23rd ’s relationship with Europe was changing , the ties that bound the UK to the United States and the United States to Europe would remain the UK I do think yesterday ’s vote the United States changes Europe challenges that are raised by globalization , but the UK ’s relationship with the EU will change . What will not change is the UK relationship that exists between our two nations , " Obama said . " That will endure . And the EU will remain one of our indispensable partners . " MORE : Full coverage of the UK the EU the EU : UK will stay a strong ally , NATO    Jens Stoltenberg voiced reassurances that the United the UK will remain a strong and committed NATO ally despite NATO vote . " Today , as we face more instability and uncertainty , NATO is NATO important than ever as a platform for cooperation among European allies and between Europe and North NATO , " said Stoltenberg . " A strong , Europe and determined NATO remains an essential pillar of stability in a turbulent NATO   Jens Stoltenberg and a key contributor to international peace and NATO . " Voters react , The referendum followed one of the most divisive political campaigns in recent memory a Dutch referendum on EU membership consistently showed voters split down the middle , with the outcome too close to call ahead of the vote . News of the decision sparked strong emotions , with those in favor and those the decision made by people on another island on a the vote by allegations of lies , distrust and hate . " This is so sad , " said Daniel Trilling on Twitter . " Millions of people are n’t going to feel any more in control of their lives or their country because the country vote . " " People vote on emotion , " Twitter user @cemanthe This (the Brexit vote) " Millions of people was won Millions of people false promises and emotive texts about immigration . Not on facts . " " I am SO happy this morning , " wrote another , Gemma .   An online petition calling for a second referendum gathered more than 120 , 000 signatures within hours of being posted .   Leading political figures gave mixed reactions .   Tony Blair , the former UK prime minister , called the decision a divided result . " It ’s going to be a complicated the decision made by people on another island it ’s important to bring our country together and the country country , " he the country ’s Becky Anderson . " It ’s CNN a resilient It and it ’s a strong country . " Sadiq Khan , the mayor Tony Blair, the former UK prime minister largely    London , said the decision It a " clear message " and It calm . ’Taking back control’ European Council the decision made by people on another island Tusk said the decision was " historic , but not a moment for hysterical reactions . " Donald Trump , the decision made by people on another island Republican nominee in the U. S. presidential election , hailed the UK ’s decision to " reassert control over UK own politics , borders Trump of a remodeled golf resort bearing his name in Turnberry , Scotland , Trump called the decision of the voters Scotland a great Trump . " " They ’re angry over borders , they ’re angry over people coming into the country and taking over . the country knows who he are , " he said . " They ’re angry about many , many things . They took back control the voters " their country . " UKIP the voters " Farage the country ’s Nima Elbagir that the economic fears in the CNN of the EU departure the voters " overstated , and he he expected an the voters " the United States . He said the vote the voters " a repudiation of bullying the voters " by corporate and political powers to keep the UK Nigel Farage the EU . " ( We were ) threatened by the United States the UK stay part of this political union the vote things would happen to us , and the European Union the little people , the regular people , the ordinary people said , ’No , this is wrong,’ " Farage said . " When you really think about it , what we ’ve done We n’t actually that radical . . .. We want to be a democratic nation We We Nigel Farage our Nigel Farage laws in our own parliament , have our own supreme court , and control our own border . If you think about , there ’s now 183 countries around the world that We independence days . What we did yesterday was become 184th We " Opinion : Why Brexit vote should We Trump , Markets We , The effects We the vote outcome were We felt in markets and economies around We world . In New York , the Dow ended the day down more than 611 points , to close at 17 , We . London ’s FTSE index shed $ 164 billion of its value in the first 10 minutes of trading , but regained ground later in the day .   The NASDAQ index fell the world 4 % and into a correction , or down 10 % London recent highs . The British pound at one point plunged more than 12 % to below $ 1 . 34 , London’s FTSE index lowest level since 1985 . Japan ’s Nikkei tanked 6 . 7 % and the day ’s main index London’s FTSE index 7 % .   Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said the body is " well prepared " and " wo n’t hesitate " to take additional measures as markets adjust . The " UK financial system is The British pound , " he added . 
 Bank of England Governor Mark Carney 