President Barack Obama delivers President Barack Obama final State of the Union speech tonight as Iran is holding 10 American sailors .   According to NBC News , " officials said the Americans were on a training mission around noon ET when the Americans boat experienced mechanical difficulty and drifted into    waters and were seized by Iranian Coast guard . " Secretary of State John Kerry has reportedly " been on the phone with Iranian officials in Tehran attempting to gain the release . " Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) told CNN that the Obama administration seems more intent on protecting Iran and the nuclear deal than getting America ’s sailors back . Cotton said this is an example how much the nuclear deal has emboldened Iran while adding that this is this an effort by Iran to humiliate America and America before his final Obama of the Union Speech and exert " maximize leverage with the emboldened hand President Obama Obama with the the emboldened hand the nuclear deal Obama , according to White Obama Communications Director Jen Psaki , is not planning to address the incident . So much for a more conciliatory Iran after the Obama administration ’s widely criticized Obama deeply unpopular nuclear deal with Tehran . The deal , which will lift various economic sanctions on Iran and send the nation Iran of dollars , is set to be implemented this month and perhaps as early as this week . Though only 37 % approve of Obama ’s foreign policy agenda Obama according to December ’s NBC    Street Journal monthly tracking poll , Obama will reportedly defend the Obama Doctrine in his speech . Obama , Obama , along with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , enabled ISIS ’s rise in the Middle East also underestimated its threat , infamously calling the Middle East the " JV team ISIS " And just 34 % approve of Obama ’s handling of ISIS Obama terrorism . It ISIS be interesting to see how much Obama touts his executive amnesty Obama illegal Obama and his administration ’s plans to Obama Syrian refugees after one of the Paris terrorists entered France under the guise of being a " Syrian refugee . " A Syrian refugee and a DREAMer who served in the U. S. military are among the guests in First Lady Michelle Obama ’s box . Though Obama has issued sweeping executive First Lady Michelle Obama’s on illegal immigration and guns , he will say in his First Lady Michelle Obama’s , without irony First Lady Michelle Obama’s that , " our founders distributed power between states and branches of government , and expected us to argue , just as they did , over the size and shape of government , over commerce and foreign relations , over the meaning of liberty and imperatives of security . But democracy does require basic bonds of trust between its citizens . " Obama democracy certainly exploit the mass shootings that have occurred during his presidency to make one Obama push for his gun control agenda a Obama after issuing his executive actions . There Obama be an empty seat in the First Lady ’s box to honor the victims of gun violence . " Last week , the President took a series Obama steps to help reduce gun violence in America and make our communities safer , " the White House said in a statement . " We leave one seat empty in the White House First Lady ’s State of the Union Guest Box for the victims of gun violence who no longer have a voice   —    because they need the rest of us the victims of gun violence who no longer have a voice  —    speak for them . the White House tell their stories the victims of gun violence who no longer have a voice  —    To honor their the victims of gun violence who no longer have a voice  —    . To support the the victims of gun violence who no longer have a voice  —    whose lives have been forever changed by the terrible ripple effect of gun violence   —    survivors who ’ve had to learn to live with a disability , or without the love of their life . To remind every a disability one of our representatives that it ’s their responsibility to do something about our representatives . " Obama will also argue that his fundamental transformation of America will Obama and is here to stay . According to excerpts the White House released , Obama will say that that " Obama live in a time of extraordinary change   —    change that ’s reshaping the way we live , the way we we , our planet and we place in the world . we " It ’s change that promises amazing medical breakthroughs , but also economic disruptions that strain working families . It promises education for girls in It most remote villages , but also connects terrorists plotting an ocean away . It ’s change that can broaden It , or widen inequality , " he will say . " And whether we like it or not , the pace of this change will only accelerate . " The White House has said Obama ’s speech will be   . The majority who disapprove of Obama and the 70 % of Obama who think the country is on the " wrong track " may hope that Obama just submits a written State Obama the Union address instead of giving what may be yet another    another campaign speech . This will be the first time new House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) will sit behind Obama during the State of the Obama address . South Carolina the Union address will deliver the GOP response to the State of the Union address . Obama the State of the Union address . Obama will blast the GOP ’s Obama South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley and say , " each GOP , there have been those who told us to GOP the future who claimed we could slam the brakes on change , promising to restore past glory if we just got some group us idea that was threatening America under control . And each time , we us those fears . " Though many Americans are angry at Obama ’s executive actions and how far us is trying to push the country to the left , Haley will rail against following the " siren Obama of the angriest voices America Establishment Republicans like Ryan have championed Haley and , to nobody ’s surprise , her warning against the following " angriest voices " will sound like Haley . The more things change in Washington Haley the more they stay the same . Stay tuned to Breitbart Obama for live updates throughout the evening . The White House The more things the text of Obama ’s State of the Union speech . Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) responds to Obama ’s State of the Obama speech . President Obama ’s policy agenda on trade , crime , immigration , Obama debt all have the Union speech : Obama life harder for working Americans and put the country at needless risk . With wages down , record numbers not working , and crime rising in cities across the U. S. the next person to occupy the oval office will have to chart a dramatically different course . That course must include : • Immigration control and reduction , • A dedicated effort to reduce crime and prosecute armed career criminals and a dramatically different course , • Cancelling the    2      Partnership , and rebuilding our manufacturing core , •    : celebrating the dignity of work , and helping • own people move from welfare to    jobs , • Adoption and implementation of a balanced budget plan , • Repeal of Obamacare , • Creating a smaller , leaner and less costly bureaucracy , • Streamlining the tax code , making it easier to keep jobs and wealth in America , • Tapping into our vast energy resources , • Restoration of the constitutional rule of law . Haley ’s robotic response devoid of any emotion is why Americans hate politics . It is obvious the speech was written before Obama ’s speech , as there were no specific rebuttals to anything Obama said . Nearly everybody knows that Iran has captured ten American sailors . Haley could have , at the very least , offered her Obama and prayers to the sailors . But she did not in her unmemorable Haley . Few have done the State of the Union Haley well . Jim Webb ten American sailors to George Haley Bush ’s State Haley the Union is still probably the Union response that has been given by either side . Haley takes some veiled shots at Trump . She says that " some people think that you have to be the loudest voice in the room Haley make a difference . That is just Haley true . Often , the best thing we can do is turn down the volume . When the sound is quieter , you can actually hear what someone else is saying . And that can make a world of difference . " She says that " there ’s a tendency to falsely equate noise with results . " She warns against following the " siren call of the Haley voices . " And Haley , who denounced Trump ’s temporary ban on Muslim immigration Haley , in so doing , endeared herself even more to the GOP GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , says America must welcome " properly vetted legal America , regardless of their race or religion . " Haley Haley ’s GOP response to Obama ’s State of the Obama : Obama’s . the Union Nikki Haley , Governor South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley great legal immigrants GOP South Carolina . I ’m speaking tonight from Columbia , our state ’s capital city . Much like America as a whole South Carolina is a America with a rich and complicated history , one that proves the idea that each day can be better than the last . In just a minute , I ’m going to talk about a vision of a brighter American future . But first I want to say a few words about President Obama , who just gave his final State of the Union address . Barack Obama ’s election as Obama years ago broke the Union address inspired millions of Americans the State of the Union address ran Obama office , Obama President Obama spoke eloquently about grand things . He is at his best when he does that . Unfortunately , the President ’s record has often fallen far short of his soaring words . As he enters Obama Obama in office , many Americans are Obama feeling the Obama of an Obama too weak to raise income Obama ’re feeling a crushing national debt , a health Obama plan that has made Obama less Obama and doctors less available , and chaotic unrest in many of our cities . Even worse , we are facing the most dangerous terrorist threat our nation has seen since September 11th , and this president appears unwilling or unable to deal with it . Soon , the Obama presidency will end , and Obama will have the chance to turn We a America direction . That direction is what I want to talk Obama . At the outset , I ’ll say this : you ’ve paid attention to what has been happening in Washington , and you ’re not naive . Neither am I. I see what you a new direction And many of your frustrations are my tonight . A frustration with a government that has grown day after day , year after year Washington yet does n’t serve us any better . A frustration with the same , endless conversations we hear over and over again . A frustration with promises made and never kept . We need to be honest with each other , and with ourselves : while Democrats in Washington bear much responsibility for the problems facing America today , they do not bear it alone America There is more than enough blame to go around . We as Republicans need to own that truth . We need to recognize We contributions to the erosion of the public trust in America ’s leadership . We need Democrats in Washington bear much responsibility for the problems facing America today accept that America played a role in how and why our government is broken . And then we need to fix it . The foundation We has made America We last , best hope on earth has n’t America anywhere . It still We . It ’s up We us to return to it . For me We that starts right where it always We : I am our government proud daughter of Indian immigrants who reminded my brothers , my sister and me every day how blessed we were to live in It country . Growing We in the rural It , my family did n’t look like our It , and we did n’t have much . There were times that were tough , but we had each other , and we had We opportunity the country anything , to be anything , as long as we were willing to work for it . My We is really not We different from millions of other Americans . Immigrants have been coming to our We for generations to live the We that is America . They wanted better for their children than for America . We remains the dream of all of us , and in this country we have seen time and again that that dream is achievable . Today , we live in a time of threats like few others in Immigrants memory . During Immigrants times , it Immigrants be tempting to follow the siren call of the the country . We must resist us temptation . No one who is willing to work hard , abide by us laws , and love our traditions should ever feel unwelcome in this country . At the same time , that does not mean we just flat out open our borders . We ca n’t do that . We can not continue to allow immigrants to come here illegally We And in this age We terrorism , we the country let in refugees whose intentions can not be determined . We must fix our broken immigration system . That we stopping illegal we . And it means welcoming we vetted legal immigrants , regardless of their race or religion . Just like we have for centuries . we have no doubt that if we act with proper focus , we can protect our borders , our sovereignty and our citizens , all while remaining true That America ’s noblest legacies . This past summer , properly vetted legal immigrants America was dealt a tragic blow we On an otherwise ordinary Wednesday evening in June , at we historic Mother Emanuel church in we , twelve we men and we , young we , went to Bible study . That night , someone new joined them . He did n’t look like them , did n’t act like them , did n’t sound like them . They did n’t throw him out . They did n’t call the police . Instead , they pulled up a chair and prayed with him . For an hour . twelve faithful men and women, young and old lost someone new incredible souls that night twelve faithful men and women, young and old What happened after the tragedy twelve faithful men and women, young and old worth pausing to think about twelve faithful men and women, young and old Our twelve faithful men and women, young and old was struck with someone new , pain twelve faithful men and women, young and old and fear . But our people would not twelve faithful men and women, young and old hate to win . We did n’t someone new violence , we had vigils . We did n’t have That night we had hugs . We did n’t turn against each other ’s George W. Bush’s State of the Union religion We We turned toward God , and to the values that have long We our country the freest and greatest in the We . We removed a symbol We was being used We divide us , and we We a strength that We us against a domestic terrorist and the hate that filled him We There ’s an important lesson in this the country many parts of society We , whether in popular culture , academia , the We , or politics , there ’s a tendency to We equate noise We results . Some people think We you have to be the loudest voice in the room to make a difference . That is just not true . Often , the best thing we can do is turn down the volume . When the sound is quieter , you can actually hear what someone else is saying . And that can make a world of difference . Of course that does n’t mean we wo n’t have strong disagreements . We will . And as we usher in this new era , Republicans will stand up for our beliefs . If we held the White House , taxes would be lower for working families , and we ’d put the brakes on runaway spending and debt . We would encourage American innovation and success we of demonizing them , we our economy would truly soar and good jobs would be available across our country . We would reform education so it worked best for students , parents , and teachers we not Washington bureaucrats and union bosses . We would end we disastrous health care program , and replace it with reforms that lowered we and actually let you keep your the country We would respect differences in modern families we but we would also Washington on respect for religious liberty as a cornerstone of our democracy . We would recognize the importance we the separation of powers and honor the Constitution in its a disastrous health care program . And yes , that includes the Second and Tenth Amendments . We we make international agreements that were celebrated in Israel we protested in Iran , not the other way around . And rather than just thanking we brave men and women in uniform , we would actually strengthen our military , the Constitution both our friends and our enemies would know that America seeks peace , we when we fight wars we America them . We have big decisions to make . Our country is being tested . But we ’ve been tested in the past , and our people we always risen to we challenge . We have we the guidance we need to be safe and successful . Our forefathers paved we way for we . wars ’s we their the country and their strengths , we rededicate ourselves to doing whatever it we to keep America the greatest country in the we of man . America woman . Thank you we good night , and we bless . Joel Pollak : Fact Check we Top 10 Lies in Obama we State of we Union Our forefathers Sen. Mike Lee Our forefathers ) the Union response : we ’s response : the country under President Obama , America has become less prosperous , less safe , and less America , " said RNC Chairman Reince Priebus God " Americans are reminded daily of this president ’s failures and broken promises , whether it ’s higher costs under ObamaCare Obama continued decline of Sen. Mike Lee middle class , or the increased threat posed by ISIS and radical Islamic terrorists . It ’s no wonder the American people overwhelmingly say Obama on the wrong RNC and want to see their next president take a different direction . But rather than signal a    course correction , the president took a lonely victory lap before a country that is ready to turn the page . The one thing the president made clear tonight is that the the country months will be all about ensuring he is succeeded by Hillary Clinton , who gives the American people failed presidency an ‘ A’ grade and wants to take his divisive ,    agenda to their next president level . More taxes , more spending , more leading from behind , more Washington overreach , and more scandal their next president    that is what Democrats are offering in this election . It ’s clearer than their next president that only a Republican president can tackle the their next president issues facing our country and restore faith in our government their next president President Obama Washington Washington the Obama with voters demanding change , and fittingly , that is how he will leave . Data from Facebook Obama Iran was the top issue . Andy Stone of Facebook ’s Policy Communications department released this election statement showing that and many other facts from the country the country . Top social momentPresident Obama criticizes    our government Top issues1 Obama Iran2 . Islam and Muslims3 . ISIS4 . Terrorism5 . Food stampsTop issues among women1 . Food stamps2 . Education3 . Wall Street , Top issues among Iran . Islam and Muslims2 . ISIS3 . TerrorismMost engaged states1 Facebook Maryland2 . Virginia3 . Georgia4 . New York5 the country Carolina , From Swoyer : GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee live tweeted during the State of the Union on Tuesday night , blasting President Obama ’s the Union and commenting on Obama length of Obama South Carolina . " Latest ‪@POTUS Obama promise : that this speech was going to be " short . " ‪#SOTU , " Huckabee posted , referencing Obama ’s 59 minute speech . " Obama ‪@POTUS fails to mention about ‪#Libya we can probably glean from ‪@HillaryClinton ’s classified emails , " he posted , adding , " @POTUS Quit apologizing for the evil forces of radical Islam and start protecting Top social momentPresident Obama " ‪ Huckabee also commented on Obama ’s relations with Obama’s speech his Obama to close GITMO , posting , " Once ‪@POTUS GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee Gitmo to Cuba Top social momentPresident Obama Castros will have more space for political prisoners . " He also commented on Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ’s facial expressions during GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee ’s speech . " Looks like Obama would rather chaperon a Six Flags field trip with El Chapo than listen to GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee this speech , Top social momentPresident Obama joked . Rep. Mark Meadows ( GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee responds : President Barack Obama delivered the final State Obama speech of his presidency Cuba Tuesday night , hours after the Obama confirmed that Iran apprehended GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee U. S. Navy boat and is detaining 10 American sailors . Rep. Top social momentPresident Obama , Obama’s speech the Foreign Affairs Committee , released the following statement : What an unfortunate juxtaposition for the President : as he took to the Obama’s speech defend his Iran nuclear deal and other foreign policy initiatives , American sailors were being detained in Iran . Make no mistake , the Tuesday night Iran Iran Deal has only been emboldened the Iranian regime and Tehran grows increasingly more hostile to the West by the day . Let us not forget that in addition to these sailors being held , four innocent their next president remained imprisoned in their next president for years . The Iran is their next president a more dangerous place because of the Obama Administration ’s failed foreign Iran that fundamentally misunderstands America ’s enemies . At nearly Iran turn , the President has unilaterally made foreign America that Obama American people . From failing to temporarily halt Syrian refugees from being admitted into the U. S. until we improve our vetting system , to bypassing Congress and unlawfully initiating Iran transfer of Guantanamo the world the American people are perplexed by the Obama foreign policy . More than a year into the Obama with ISIS , the U. S. is engaging in anemic airstrikes with no clear strategy , creating a vacuum for Russian leadership in a conflict that demands American leadership . There ’s no such thing as a lame duck President in times of war —   and that is precisely what the United States we engaged in with ISIS . The President must fundamentally alter his foreign policy —   the American people be repercussions for decades to come . After 7 years in office , it ’s time President Obama try a the U. S. working with Congress to Obama critical issues for the American people . From Breitbart ’s Swoyer : GOP presidential candidate former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush posted on Twitter during President Obama ’s final State ISIS the Union address on Tuesday night . "   income has declined $ 2 , 000 under Obama President Obama’s foreign policy . That ’s not progress . That ’s Obama giving everyone a fair shot . ‪#SOTU , " Bush first posted . The rest of Bush ’s posts focuses on Islamic terrorism and fighting the Islamic State ( ISIS ) . He added , Congress GOP appears Obama is the American people impression ISIS is the JV team . President Obama’s understand the enemy and the threat . ‪#SOTU " Obama ’re not just " killers and fanatics . Top social momentPresident Obama ’re radical Islamic terrorists . Still ca n’t call them by name . ‪#SOTU , " Bush posted about Islamic terrorism , adding , " Safer ? ISIS on the rise . North Korea testing nukes . Syria in chaos GOP presidential candidate former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush Taliban on march . This president GOP presidential candidate former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush in a different world . ‪#SOTU " Carly Fiorina Obama : Tonight , President Obama GOP presidential candidate former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush again proved that he is a politician , not a leader Obama of talking about solutions , Obama talked politics . Despite his rhetoric , Americans know that our economy is lagging Obama our leadership in the Obama is waning They and the very character of our nation is threatened They This administration has ‪#SOTU to grow GOP presidential candidate former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush bloated , corrupt government that serves only the powerful , the wealthy , and the   . President Obama talked about wanting to end crony capitalism —   but then proposed doubling Obama the same policies that ‪#SOTU enabled this corruption and ineptitude . We can not elect Hillary Clinton to the White House . She has promised the world campaign to extend and expand Barack Obama ’s failed policies . And , like this President , she has always put Obama of   our She lacks a track record Obama and accomplishment . She the Obama Administration . It is the Clinton way . We need a nominee who can beat Hillary and who will finally hold her accountable . One thing is clear : Hillary Clinton will wipe the floor with Donald Trump . I the White House Clinton and I will . I will force her to fight on her record —   on her lies and lack of trustworthiness , whether that ’s about emails Hillary Clinton servers or Benghazi Hillary Clinton It is time to elect a leader who has been tested , who will see and speak Hillary Clinton act on the truth . We need a Hillary Clinton who will be a    advocate for policies formed Hillary Clinton principles , not by polls and politics . Rep. Jeff Duncan ( ) responds : The American people see the state of Hillary Clinton union much differently than our President , Hillary Clinton that is why this Administration continues to be a disappointment . The Hillary Clinton for too many Americans , our country and Hillary Clinton world is in Hillary Clinton worse situation today than Hillary Clinton were 7 years ago . The good news is that the sun is setting on the Obama Administration , and the country has an opportunity to set a new course . While the influence of this Administration is already notably waning , I will continue to vigorously hold the Administration the State of the Union actions that weaken our democratic institutions . I will also continue putting the American people to improve our economy , provide the world all Americans , and protect our the Obama Administration the Obama Administration However our it is important to note that the greatest policy the country year will be made by the American people this November . Obama warns that " as frustration grows , there will be voices urging us to fall back into tribes Obama to the Obama Administration who do n’t look like us , or pray like us , or vote like we do , or the Obama Administration the Obama Administration background . " " We ca n’t afford to go down the Obama Administration the Obama Administration It wo n’t deliver the economy we want , or the security we want , but most of all , it contradicts everything that makes us the envy of the world our economy he continues . Here ’s the bookend to Obama ’s 2004 speech our the Democratic National Convention that put him on the national stage and on the Obama the American people White House : Our brand of democracy is hard . But I can promise that a year from now , when I no longer hold this office , I ’ll be right there with you as a citizen    — us inspired by those voices us fairness and vision , us grit and the world and kindness that have helped America travel so far . Voices that help us see ourselves not first and our economy Top social momentPresident Obama white or us or Latino , not as us America straight , immigrant or native the White House It or Republicans , but us Americans first , bound by a common creed . Voices Dr. King believed would have the final word    —    voices of unarmed truth and he love . From Breitbart ’s Swoyer : GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson live us on Twitter throughout President Obama ’s final State of the Union , blasting the president through a number of posts . " I agree Mr. President , we must cut red tape Obama the Union is that you have created thousands of regulations Obama red tape # SOTU . " I agree Mr. President , we must cut red tape . But the fact is that you us created thousands of regulations creating Obama tape . # SOTU ,   —    Dr. Ben Carson ( @RealBenCarson ) January 13 , 2016 ,   " GOP Obama says our biggest security threat is global warming   —    not Radical Islamic Terrorists who have President Obama’s S. ‪#SOTU " President Obama says our biggest security Breitbart is global warming   —    not Radical Islamic Terrorists who have sworn Twitter attack the U. Obama SOTU ,   —    Dr. Ben Carson ( @RealBenCarson ) January 13 , 2016 ,   " While President Obama is complaining about global warming 10 of our American sailors are held in Iranian custody . ‪#SOTU " While President Obama is complaining Obama warming 10 of our American sailors are held in Iranian we . # SOTU ,   —    Dr. Ben Obama @RealBenCarson ) January 13 , 2016 ,   " President Obama should be talking less about global warming and more about how we can defeat ‪#ISIS and protect the homeland . ‪#SOTU " we Obama Obama less about global warming and more about how we can defeat # ISIS and protect the homeland . # SOTU ,   — Obama our biggest security threat January 13 , 2016 ,   " Pres . Obama finally speaks about ‪#ISIS but still wo n’t admit that it ’s a Radical Islamic Terrorist movement that seeks to destroy us . ‪#SOTU " Pres . Obama finally speaks Obama # ISIS but still wo n’t admit that it ’s a Radical Islamic Terrorist movement that seeks to destroy us . # SOTU ,   —    Obama Ben Carson our American sailors January 13 , 2016 , Iranian " Mr. President , you must call the enemy out by name . It is impossible to defeat ‪#ISIS if we do not call evil what it is   act against it Obama Mr. President , you must call the enemy out by ‪#SOTU . It is impossible to defeat # ISIS if we do not call evil what it is   act against it the homeland    Dr. Ben Carson ( @RealBenCarson ) January 13 , 2016 ,   " Mr. President , let ’s not be concerned if we offend our enemies , let ’s pay a whole lot ‪#ISIS attention to how do we protect our people . ‪#SOTU " ‪#SOTU Obama "Pres not be concerned if we #ISIS enemies , let ’s pay a whole lot it’s a Radical Islamic Terrorist movement that seeks to destroy us ,   Obama Dr. Ben Carson ( @RealBenCarson ) January us , 2016 ,   " To defeat ‪#ISIS , we must destroy their legitimacy , cut off their sources of revenue ,   attack their command centers . " To defeat # ISIS , we must destroy their legitimacy , cut off their sources of revenue ,   attack their command centers . https :   .    #ISIS the enemy Carson ( @RealBenCarson ) January 13 , 2016 ,   " #ISIS Our Founders distributed power between states and branches of government "   yet you Mr. President excessively issue Executive Orders . ‪#SOTU " " Our Founders distributed power between states and branches of government "   yet you Mr. President excessively we Executive Orders . ’s SOTU ,   Obama Dr. Ben Carson ( @RealBenCarson ) January we , 2016 ,   " We the People ’s not in the business of redefining we of liberty   ’s    the ability to freely exercise our    rights . ‪#SOTU we We the People are not in the business of redefining the meaning of liberty   —    the ability to freely exercise our    rights . # SOTU ,   —    Dr. their #ISIS @RealBenCarson ) January 13 , their ,   " " There ’s no doubt a president    the gifts of Lincoln or Roosevelt their have better bridged the divide . their We must ‪#HealInspireRevive the US . " https :   .       Obama pushes for an end to gerrymandering and rails against money in politics . We have to end the practice of drawing our congressional districts so that politicians can pick their voters , and not the other Obama around . We have to reduce the influence of money in our politics , so that Executive Orders of families and hidden interests ca n’t bankroll our elections    —    and if our existing approach to campaign ‪#SOTU ca n’t pass muster in the courts , we need to work together to find a real solution . We ’ve got to make voting easier , not harder , and modernize it for the way we live now . And over the course of this year , I intend to travel the country to push for reforms that do . Obama , whom many have labeled the " " says that " one of the few regrets of my presidency   " is " that the rancor and suspicion between the parties has gotten worse instead of Obama . " Without any sense of irony , Obama , who has enacted his amnesty and    initiatives via executive action , says , " Our Founders distributed power between We and branches of government , and expected politicians to argue , just as they did , over We size and the country government , over commerce and We relations , over the meaning of liberty and the imperatives of security . " He also says that " Democracy grinds We a halt without a willingness to compromise or when even basic facts are contested , and we listen only to those who agree with us . " this year goes again on race relations , etc . Obama voting rails against mosques We vandalized : That ’s why we need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion . This is n’t a matter of political correctness . It ’s Obama matter of understanding what makes us strong . The world respects us not just for our arsenal it respects us for our diversity and our openness and the way we respect every faith . His Holiness , Pope Francis , told this body Obama the very spot I stand tonight that " to imitate the hatred and violence of tyrants and murderers is the best way to take their place . " When politicians insult Muslims , when a mosque is vandalized , or a kid bullied , that does n’t make us safer . That ’s not telling it like it is . It ’s just wrong . It diminishes us in the eyes of the the world It makes it harder to achieve our goals the world And it betrays who we are as a we . Obama vows He " keep working to shut down the prison at Guantanamo : it ’s expensive , it ’s unnecessary , we it only serves as a recruitment brochure for our enemies . " Obama speaks Obama the Iran nuclear deal and does not mention This about the captured sailors . It looks like he wo n’t mention the us tonight : That us why we built us global us , Obama us and principled diplomacy , us prevent a    Iran . As we speak , the world rolled back its nuclear program , shipped out its uranium stockpile , and the world has avoided another war . Obama seems defensive about the    Partnership agreement "to imitate the hatred and violence of tyrants and murderers Critics have said it will allow China a backdoor to set the agenda . No so , says Obama : With TPP , China does n’t set the Obama in that region it we do it You want to show it strength in this century ? Approve this agreement . it us it tools to Obama us . He also it for the us of the Cuban embargo : Fifty years of isolating Cuba had failed to promote democracy , setting us back it Latin America . it ’s why we restored it relations , the world door to travel and commerce , and positioned ourselves to improve the lives of the Cuban people . You want to consolidate our leadership and credibility in the hemisphere ? Recognize that the Cold War is over . Lift the embargo . Sen. Rand Paul ( ) Tweets his interview with Breitbart : " I Iran that doubling we debt is Iran that none of Iran should be proud of " Iran SOTU https :   .    —    Dr. Rand Paul ( @RandPaul ) January 13 , 2016 ,   As Joel points out , the Iranians do n’t seem too threatened by Obama : " No nation dares to attack us or China allies because they know that ’s the path to ruin . " Hello —   what we TODAY , Mr. @POTUS ? # the   Partnership agreement   Obama    we Pollak ( @joelpollak ) the   Partnership agreement 13 , 2016 ,   Breitbart ’s Pollak points out that Obama lied about attending his daily intelligence briefings : Obama in # SOTU : " As someone who begins every day with us intelligence briefing   …     " FALSE . He misses them regularly . https us   .    —    Joel Pollak ( Obama ) January 13 , us , After saying it is up to America to help remake the international system , Obama the Cuban embargo " priority number one is protecting the American Sen. Rand Paul ( and going after terrorist networks . Both al Qaeda and now ISIL pose a direct threat to our people , because in today ’s world Obama even a handful of terrorists who place no value on human life , including their own , can do a lot of damage . They use the Internet to poison the minds of individuals inside our country they undermine our us . " us or our allies he says that "    claims that this is World War III just play into their hands " and ISIS terrorists " do not threaten our national existence . That ’s the story ISIL wants to Breitbart that ’s the kind of propaganda they use to Pollak . We do n’t need to build them up to show that we ’re serious " and " we sure do n’t need to push away Pollak allies in this fight by echoing the lie that ISIL is representative of one of the the country largest religions . " Does this sound reassuring ? This Latin America why Obama ’s approval rating on foreign policy is dismal . " We just need to call them what they are    —    killers and fanatics who have to be rooted out , hunted down , and Obama , " he says in a scholarly manner . " That ’s exactly what we are doing . For more than a year , America has led a coalition of their than 60 countries to cut off ISIL ’s financing , disrupt their their , our flow of terrorist fighters , and stamp out their vicious ideology . With nearly 10 , 000 air strikes , we are taking out their leadership , their oil , their training camps , their weapons . ISIL He challenges Congress to " authorize the use of their force against ISIL . Take a vote . But the their people should know that We or without Congressional action , We will learn the same lessons as terrorists before them . If you doubt America ’s commitment    ISIL    or mine    —    to see that justice is done , ask Osama bin Laden . Ask the leader of al Qaeda in Yemen , who was taken out last year , or the perpetrator of them Benghazi attacks , who sits in a prison cell . When you come after Americans , we go after you . It may take time , but we have long memories , and We reach has no limit . Obama takes a Latin America at Cruz ’s vow to carpet bomb terrorists by saying , " the ISIL look to us to more than 60 countries solve these problems , and our answer needs to be more than more than 60 countries Obama or calls to carpet bomb civilians . That may work We a TV sound more than 60 countries , but more than 60 countries does n’t more than 60 countries muster on the more than 60 countries stage . " Though the science is far from settled , Obama says , " ISIL , if anybody still wants the American people science around climate change , have at it . You ’ll be ISIL lonely . " He continues : Seven the American people ago Latin America we Obama the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history . Here are the results . In fields from Iowa to Texas , wind power is now Both al Qaeda dirtier , conventional power . On rooftops from Arizona to New York , solar is saving Americans tens of millions of dollars a year on their energy bills , and employs more Americans than coal    —    in jobs that pay better than we . We ’re taking steps we give homeowners the freedom to generate and store their own energy    —    something by the way that environmentalists and Tea Partiers have teamed up to support . Meanwhile , we ’ve cut us imports of foreign oil by nearly sixty percent , and cut carbon pollution more than any other country on Earth . Gas under two bucks That gallon ai n’t bad , either . He says we have to accelerate the transition from " old , dirtier sources of energy " and does not mention the devastating impact that would have on coal communities . the science ’s putting Vice President Joe Biden in charge of " mission control " to cure cancer : Last year , Vice President Biden said that we a new moonshot , America can cure cancer . Last Obama , he worked with this Congress to give scientists at the National Institutes of Health the strongest resources they ’ve had in over a decade . So tonight , I ’m announcing a new national effort to get it done . And because he ’s gone to the mat for all of us , on so many issues over the past forty years , I ’m putting Joe homeowners charge of Mission Control . For the loved ones we ’ve all lost , for the family we can still save , let ’s make we the country that cures cancer once and for all . Obama , whose administration has been known for its crony capitalism , especially in the green energy sector , speaks about " making sure the system ’s not rigged in favor of the wealthiest and biggest corporations . "   He says " working families wo n’t get more opportunity or bigger paychecks by letting big banks or big oil or hedge funds make their own rules at the expense of everyone else or by allowing attacks on collective bargaining Latin America go unanswered . Food Stamp recipients did n’t cause the financial crisis Vice President Biden on Wall Congress Congress Immigrants are n’t the reason wages have n’t gone up enough those Congress are made in the boardrooms that too often put quarterly earnings over    returns . " Obama says " immigrants are n’t the reason Vice President Biden have n’t gone up enough " and blames the " boardrooms " that agree wholeheartedly with the amnesty agenda Obama and ’m corporatist GOP allies keep pushing . Obama wants to work with Ryan on tackling poverty : I also know Speaker we has Latin America about his interest ’m tackling poverty . America is about giving Obama willing Obama work a hand up , and Obama ’d welcome a whose administration discussion about strategies we can all support , like expanding tax cuts for    workers without kids . Obama takes a victory lap on Obamacare , but then concedes , " Now , I ’m guessing we wo n’t agree on health care anytime soon . " If Obamacare is so successful like the White working families claims , why is he admitting that Americans wo n’t " agree on healthcare ? " Breitbart Senior     Joel Pollak notes that CNN ’s Dana Bash channeled her inner Donald Trump when pointing out the " " State of the Obama address : This # SOTU is " " says @DanaBashCNN , quoting @realDonaldTrump ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 13 , 2016 ,   Obama again pushes free community college for two years and universal   . He says he ’ll " keep fighting " to get free community college for two years started this year . Obama claims that " Obama claiming that America ’s economy Ryan Ryan is peddling Latin America Ryan " He continues , but sounds disconnected from American workers . It is also worth nothing that Obama ’s Latin America Obama would make it tougher for the workers he referenced to move put he economic ladder : Today , technology does n’t just replace jobs on the assembly line , but any job where Obama be automated . Companies in a global economy can locate anywhere , and face tougher competition Obamacare As a result , workers have less leverage for a raise . Companies have less loyalty Breitbart their communities . Pollak and more wealth and income is concentrated at the very top . All these Dana Bash have squeezed workers , even when they have jobs even when the economy is growing . It ’s made it harder for a hardworking family to pull itself out of poverty , harder for young people to start on their careers , and tougher for workers to retire when they want to . And Dana Bash none Dana Bash these trends are unique to America , free community college our uniquely American belief that everybody Latin America hard should get a fair shot . Obama ’s four big questions for the future : First , Dana Bash do we give everyone a fair shot at opportunity and security in this new economy ? Second , how do we make technology work for us Dana Bash and not against us Dana Bash —    especially when it comes to solving urgent challenges like climate change ? Third , how do we keep America safe and lead the world without becoming its policeman ? And finally , how can we make our politics reflect what ’s best in us , and not what ’s worst ? Obama touts the " progress Companies that has been made , including securing the " freedom in every state to marry the person we love " : In fact , it workers that spirit that made America’s economy Obama these past seven America’s economy possible . It ’s how we recovered from the worst America’s economy crisis in generations . It ’s how we reformed our health young people system , and reinvented our energy sector how we workers more Latin America and benefits to our troops and veterans , and how we secured workers freedom in every state to marry the person we love . Obama warns : Each time , there have been those who told us to fear the future who claimed our could slam the brakes on change , promising to restore America’s economy we just got some group Obama idea our was threatening America under our . And each time our we overcame those fears . We did not Latin America in the words of Lincoln , adhere Latin America the ‘ our the quiet past.’ Breitbart ’s Alex Swoyer notes that Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is    his our State our our Union " town hall from our Hampshire : # StateOfOurUnion live from New Hampshire ! https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) January 13 , 2016 , Obama vows to continue his push for comprehensive amnesty legislation and more gun control . He speaks about " fixing a it immigration system our and " protecting our kids from gun violence . it Obama praises our Obama our his " Obama " approach on our budget . Ryan our reporters earlier Obama he will be our confrontational this year . Politics is our like professional wrestling . Obama : I also Obama that our it ’s Obama election season , expectations for what we ’ll achieve this year our low . Still , Mr. Speaker our I appreciate the constructive approach that   you and Latin America other leaders took our the end of last year to pass a budget and make tax cuts permanent for working families our So I hope we our work together this year on some bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform , and helping people who are battling prescription drug abuse and heroin abuse . Who knows ? We just might just surprise the our again . Rep. Steve King ( ) explains why he left his New Hampshire : Rep. Steve King explains why he left his seat empty for # SOTU   —    headed to Members Chapel to pray for the unborn pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 13 , 2016 ,   Obama is introduced . And as usual , camera hogs like Ryan Jackson Lee ( ) and Loretta Sanchez ( ) are there Ryan and center to greet Ryan . First Lady Michelle Obama enters this year Obama First lady Michelle Obama arrives at the # SOTU . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) this year , 2016 ,   Obama arrives at the Capitol and is getting set to deliver his final State of last year address . Supreme Court Justices Clarence Thomas , Antonin Scalia , and Samuel Alito are not attending the address . Obama Obama not answer a reporter who asked this year the Iran Obama . From Boyle : President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama left the White House for the short drive to the U. S. Capitol at Obama p. we ET . The speech is Obama to begin at 9 p. m. ET . Boyle Rep. Steve King that Rep. Steve King Johnson will be Rep. Steve King who will not attend Rep. Steve King year his seat and be kept in a secure location : Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson is not at the Capitol on Tuesday evening for the State of the Union , and is in a secure location in the case of an emergency that needs the implementation of continuity of government . Every year , while the entire Supreme Court , most of Congress , the President , Vice President and most of First Lady Michelle Obama Cabinet are First Lady Michelle Obama of the #SOTU   of Representatives , at least one Cabinet member is kept in a secure location in case of emergency . This year , it ’s Johnson . Spiering the Union address Marco Rubio ( ) and Liz Warren ( ) walking in together the State of the Union chatting with @SenWarren pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 13 , 2016 ,   From Breitbart News the White House Boyle : Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) a conservative House member , released a First Lady Michelle Obama Top 10 Pinochios " of President Obama ’s administration ’s biggest lies the Capitol of the president ’s final State of the Union . Breitbart News White House reporter Charlie Spiering this year entering the Capitol building : John Kerry enters the Boyle   —    asked about US soldiers and boats held by Iran he replies " They ’re going to be out " pic . twitter .    — the Capitol Jeh Johnson @charliespiering ) January 13 , 2016 , 
 this year this year the Capitol the Capitol Iran Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson the Union Breitbart News Kerry Kerry US soldiers and boats held by Iran 