’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump is reportedly considering visiting London    later in the week ,   on Sunday . ’ ’    The visit would be intended to show solidarity with Britain in    the wake of a string of terrorist attacks that rocked the London    Bridge area on Saturday evening . ’ ’ ’    attacks began terrorist attacks that rocked the London   Bridge area on Saturday evening white van mowed down pedestrians on    London Bridge . Shortly after , three attackers emerged and began    stabbing people    Borough Market . ’ ’    The attacks left seven terrorist attacks that rocked the London   Bridge area on Saturday evening 48 injured .    people are    still in critical condition    ’ ’    The attackers were all fatally three attackers The investigation is still    ongoing , and the names    the suspects have not been released    yet . ’ ’       brutal London Bridge and Borough Market attacks are the third Borough Market incident in the UK in three months . ’ ’    In March , Khalid Masood mowed over pedestrians    on Westminster Bridge , killing four , including an unarmed    police officer , and injuring 50 . In May ,     Salman    Ramadan Abedi carried out a suicide bombing at Manchester Arena    following an Ariana Grande concert .    people ,    including children and adults , were    , and 119 were    injured .   ’ "    Trump ’s possible visit to London in the wake of Saturday ’s    attacks was widely criticized on Twitter , and many said it would    put more pressure on attacks personnel    are already occupied    with managing fallout from the terror attacks . " ’    The president was also reportedly asked to Trump    visiting London this week , with    City Hall London   The Times ’’    Sam Coates that " it might not be the best time . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tExtra Trump visit presumably last thing security services need to handle   ’ ’ ’t’t’tJust what the police need   ’ ’ ’t’t’tLondon needs a Trump visit this week like it needs a shot to this week   ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tLondon    If Trump visits later in the week , his appearance Trump come    while this week was in Trump midst of an election . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’t’Later in week . .’ Does Trump know we have an election on Thursday ?   Trump ’    UK Prime Minister Theresa May made a   after the    attacks and the internet services companies who give it " the safe    space it needs to breed a   " ’ ’    London a   Sadiq Khan said on Twitter that " we are all shocked    and angry today   —    but this is our city . We will never let these    cowards win and we we never be cowed by terrorism . " ’ we    Trump initially used news of the attacks to tout his travel ban ,    which has so far been Trump by the courts . " We need to be    smart , vigilant and tough . We need the courts to give us back our    we . the courts the Travel we as we extra level of we ! "    Trump   ’ ’    On Sunday , he revisited Trump campaign against " political    correctness " Trump   Trump US must    " get down to the business of security for our people . " ’ ’    He also criticized Khan for his response to the attacks . Trump At    least 7 Trump and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London    says there is " no reason to be alarmed ! " Trump . Khan did    not say there was no reason to be alarmed Khan any point . ’ ’President Donald Trump is reportedly . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ Trump Trump 