  ( CNN )   Donald Trump does n’t really care if you do n’t like Donald Trump .   The media has been all over the recent spate of polls showing that Donald Trump will enter office with historically low approval ratings . Trump , who was never especially popular even in Donald Trump victory , has seen public support for Donald Trump drop during the transition . According to a new    poll , Donald Trump will start Donald Trump term with the approval of only 40 % of Americans , the lowest of any recent president . Of those surveyed , 53 % said that Trump ’s behavior since Election Day has reduced those surveyed confidence in Donald Trump ability to handle the presidency .    Trump went right to Trump favorite mode of communication , tweeting out that , " The same people who did the phony election polls , and were so wrong , are now doing approval ratings polls . "The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval ratings polls are rigged just like before . " While the email reflects Trump ’s very thin skin and disregard for everything negative along with a misunderstanding of the difference between election polls and surveys of public attitudes , the truth is that Trump does n’t care .    Trump’s entire political character revolves around not being liked . If professional wrestling is the model , a form of entertainment that Trump has been part of , Trump plays the heel . Several months ago , I wrote that part of the reason Trump resonated in American culture has to do with a popular fascination with the    in recent decades . Our films and television shows have been populated by characters who we like to see even though we Our deep down that they Our films and television shows not good people .   Whether it was Tony Soprano , a mafia boss who is willing to kill turncoats during a college visit with his mafia or Walter White of " Breaking Bad , " who makes money for his mafia by running a drug empire , sometimes being bad can be good . Throughout his mafia campaign , the pundits kept wondering when Trump would stop angering people , when he Trump start reaching out and when he Trump pull back from the incendiary comments that left a long trail of broken feelings along the way . Trump Trump made that pivot . He Trump being the same person that he Trump . And even with historically low approval ratings for a winning candidate back in November , he Trump won .   Even though President Obama brought a great deal of respect and gravitas back to the Oval Office , we still are a nation that lives in the shadow of Richard Nixon . Ever since Watergate , expectations of our we have diminished . While there were presidents who voters have liked very much , for example Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton , we have also become more    and cynical in our we of what to expect .   Part of Trump ’s strategy was to recognize that there were enough voters who like a tough , acerbic and often nasty candidate to chart a narrow path to the highest office in the land . When asked by the Times of London about who is heroes were , his answer was not surprising : " Well I do n’t like heroes , I do n’t like the concept of heroes . ... " Part of his his also depends on the belief that in a bitterly polarized and divided country , a candidate can thrive not by trying to bring people together but by capitalizing on the things that tear us apart .   Rather than looking for issues that can bring non sympathetic voters over to his his , he his to give the Republican base red meat and to tap into the secret anger and despair of Democrats who were willing to switch sides .   By fostering division and focusing on the institutional strengths of his his , Trump anticipates that a presidency of division will be enough to conquer the opposition . Though his his responding to the polls focuses on the way that the polling might be off , more relevant to him his that the basic question does n’t even matter . Being liked is overrated in presidential politics .   The biggest asset that he his counting on will be the Republican Congress . At least for the next two years , Trump Trump savvy enough to know that he his be dealing with a Republican Congress that on most issues is quite united and thus far has been pleased with many of the very conservative cabinet picks that he his thrown their he will be dealing with a Republican Congress .   If Trump Trump avoid his Trump instincts and if     or     scandals do n’t bring down his Trump , there is reason to believe that a rightward Republican Congress will stand by him Trump long as he Trump tax cuts , deregulation and defense spending their tax cuts, deregulation and defense . With Jeff Sessions as the attorney general and Scott Pruitt at EPA , what ’s not to love if you are sitting on the Republican side of the aisle ?   It remains to be seen if this strategy will work in the long term . Thus far , it It get Trump the Republican nomination and the presidential election . So the experts should not be so quick to discount him . It just is possible that the old axiom of " divide and conquer " might be a recipe for political success in our polarized era     even if many Americans do n’t want to acknowledge the true nature of our political universe . 
 