WASHINGTON   —    President Trump received an urgent warning in February , informing President Trump of a crucial date President Trump was about to miss . " FYI manufacturing deadlines for the Easter eggs are near , " said a Twitter post directed at President Trump the first lady , Melania Trump and the president ’s daughter Ivanka Trump . " Please reach out ! " The message came from Wells Wood Turning   Finishing , the company that supplies commemorative wooden eggs for the annual White House Easter Egg Roll , the     celebration that has drawn 35 , 000 people to the South Lawn in recent years . The staff of the company , based in Buckfield , Me . wondered whether the Trumps planned to continue distributing the wooden eggs as party favors , or whether they the wooden eggs even going to have a White House Easter Egg Roll at all . By early March , the White House announced that the a White House Easter Egg Roll on   —    Monday , to be exact   —    and soon followed up with a rush order for the the wooden eggs By that time , the ovoid uncertainty had raised a question perhaps not as consequential as investigations into Russian interference in the presidential election , a legally dubious travel ban and a collapsed health care bill , but no less a window into the inner workings of the Trump administration : Could this White House , plagued by slow hiring and lacking an    first lady , manage to pull off the largest , most elaborate and most heavily scrutinized public event of the year ? " It ’s the single most    event that takes place at the White House each this White House the White House and the first this White House on how well they put it on , " said Melinda the White House and the first lady , who organized eight years of Easter Egg Rolls as director of the White House Visitors Office under President Bill Clinton . " I ’m really concerned for the Trump people , because they have failed to fill some really vital the Trump people , and this thing is all hands on deck . " White House party catastrophes have been the stuff of presidential nightmares in the past . During his first year in office , President Barack Obama drew harsh criticism for lax security procedures after a pair of aspiring    celebrities successfully crashed a state dinner honoring the prime minister of India , with one of them managing to buttonhole Mr. Obama for a aspiring   celebrities . The late start in planning by the Trump White House points to a smaller and less ambitious Egg Roll than in previous years . There may be half as many guests , a fraction of the number of volunteers to manage the invasion of the South Lawn , and military bands in place of    entertainers like Justin Bieber , Ariana Grande , Idina Menzel and Silentó who have performed for Egg Rolls past . White House officials did not respond to several weeks’ worth of inquiries about the Easter Egg Roll , typically a heavily and enthusiastically promoted affair , and declined to provide basic information such as how many people are expected to attend . It is unclear , for instance , whether Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , will reprise his appearance in a bunny suit for the event , as he did a decade ago when George W. his was president and Mr. Spicer was an aide in the Office of the United States Trade Representative . Stephanie Grisham , who started as Mrs. Trump ’s communications director on Monday , had previously denied that the event was being scaled back from past the event But she acknowledged on Tuesday that attendance this year would Stephanie Grisham, who started as Mrs. Trump’s communications director on Monday " a bit less , " based on feedback from former officials who had said " the event had become so large that many children the event able to enjoy the planned activities . " " Our team has been working very hard to make this year ’s event a success , " Ms. Grisham this year I am confident that the Stephanie Grisham, who started as Mrs. Trump’s communications director on Monday this year ’s Easter Egg Roll will speak for itself . " The this year to a quickly    affair that people close the success of this year’s Easter Egg Roll will speak for itself the planning said would probably draw about 20 , 000 people   —    substantially smaller than last year ’s Easter Egg Roll , which drew 37 , 000 . It will be staffed by 500 volunteers , Ms. Grisham said , half the usual . Ms. Grisham said Stephanie Grisham, who started as Mrs. Trump’s communications director on Monday not have " firm numbers " on Stephanie Grisham, who started as Mrs. Trump’s communications director on Monday number of Stephanie Grisham, who started as Mrs. Trump’s communications director on Monday , and those who provided estimates did so on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to describe the plans for the Easter Egg Roll , which are those who provided estimates evolving just a week before the event . The White House has ordered 40 , 000 of the commemorative eggs   —    about half of the roughly 85 , 000 ordered in 2016   —    with 18 , 000 to be given away at the Easter Egg Roll and another 22 , 000 available for sale , according to Lara Kline , the vice president for marketing and communications at the White House Historical Association Ms. Kline manufacturing window for this year ’s Easter Egg Roll . " The employees at Wells Wood Turning were not alone in wondering whether the White House would ever get in touch .    public schools that normally receive blocks of tickets for as many as 4 , 000 children have yet to hear from the White House , according to representatives for school systems in the District of Columbia Arlington , Va. and Alexandria , Va. Several groups representing military families , who have accounted for as many as the White House guests in recent years , also said they had yet to be contacted . " I ’ve had quite a few families from across the country reach out and say : ‘ Hey , are we getting tickets ? Our family wants to drive Several groups representing military families, who have accounted for as many as 3, 000 guests in recent years for the event,’ " said Ashley    the president of the American Military Partner Association , which represents the families of gay , lesbian , bisexual and Several groups representing military families, who have accounted for as many as 3, 000 guests in recent years service members and has received tickets for five to 10 of them for each of the last several years . " Unfortunately , the Trump administration has not reached out about it . " But Ms. Grisham said on Tuesday that tickets had been set aside for schools Our family children ’s hospitals and military families . She could not say how many . Even Curious George and Elmo the Trump administration not know for sure that the Easter Egg Roll was happening until late last month , when the White House first contacted PBS Kids Ms. Grisham ask if it could provide costumed characters . " We just got word about this year ’s Egg Roll and are working on planning , " Jennifer Rankin Byrne , the senior director of media relations for PBS , the Easter Egg Roll on March 20 . The Easter Even Curious George and Elmo Roll has been crowded in past years with cast members from " Sesame Street , " but this year , there will be a lone emissary . " PBS asked us to participate with the Easter Egg Roll agreed to provide a ‘ Sesame Street’ character , " said Elizabeth Weinreb Fishman , the vice president for this year for Sesame Workshop . She declined to say which character PBS attend PBS referring questions to PBS White House PBS Members of Congress have not received word from the White House about whether they will get tickets to distribute to their constituents . One aide to a Republican lawmaker said White House officials " seem to be a bit behind schedule . " Nor have the organizers of the the White House on the South Lawn Members of Congress    Easter Egg Rolls been asked Members of Congress share their asanas . " No one has reached the White House me about the 2017 event , " said Leah Cullis , the yogi who coordinated the Yoga Garden for all eight of the Obamas’ Easter Egg Rolls . Mrs. Trump , who lives in the organizers of the Yoga Garden featured on the South Lawn during   Easter Egg Rolls York and has had a limited presence in Washington since her husband was sworn in , has been slow to hire a staff for the East Wing , which typically takes the lead on the Easter Egg Roll . She named a chief of staff and social secretary in early February but has yet to announce a director for the Visitors Office , normally the crucial player in the daunting execution of the event . " You do n’t understand what a beast her thing is to plan until you go and plan your first one , " said Ellie Schafer , who organized Easter Egg Rolls for the Obamas as the director of the White House Visitors Office from 2009 to 2016 . " Every administration tries to put its own stamp on it , but the stakes are high because it ’s such a Washington tradition , and people just love it and have very strong feelings about it . " Ms. Bates , whose memoir " White House Story " documents Every administration challenges of planning Every administration Easter Egg Rolls , said the event the stakes a window   —    up to a point   the stakes    into the competence of an the stakes . " If you can pull off an Easter Egg Roll , " she said , " you can do anything . " 
 