Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump is facing another political mess     this time just five weeks from Election Day .   The New York Times report that the Republican presidential nominee reported a $ 916 million loss in 1995     and could have gone 18 years without paying federal income taxes as a result     has set off new questions about Donald Trump refusal to release his Donald Trump returns and his Donald Trump acumen .   The The New York Times not look at his Donald Trump return . It obtained The New York Times page of his Donald Trump York State resident income tax return as well as the first page of New Jersey and Connecticut nonresident returns . CNN has not independently verified the documents’ authenticity , but Trump ’s campaign has not challenged any of the facts reported by The Times . Mounting questions about Trump ’s Trump’s finances are set to test Republicans’ loyalty to the party ’s nominee . And they will test Trump ’s temperament Trump’s , the week before his second debate with Trump’s Clinton .   Here are six questions about Trump ’s taxes and Trump’s fallout :   Did Trump pay income taxes ? Trump’s We still do n’t know .   The bottom line : Unless and until he releases his personal income Trump’s returns Trump’s as every other presidential nominee since 1976 has , there ’s no way to verify what Trump has or has n’t Trump’s .   However , Trump ’s $ 916 million Trump’s in 1995     around the time his Atlantic City casinos were Trump’s bust     could be spread out over a total of 18 years to offset the taxable profits he earned from other businesses Trump’s   It ’s possible Trump lost his Atlantic City casinos other years Trump’s as well , which could be used similarly . And he has a slew of Trump’s breaks available to real estate developers .   Trump ’s steadfast refusal to Trump’s his tax returns     the Trump’s 12 years’ worth are under " routine audit , " he ’s said repeatedly     Trump’s it impossible to know what he ’s paid .   Trump’s : Are you more like Clinton or Trump ? What ’s the Trump’s political damage ?   Trump has just five weeks Trump’s to Election Day     and the next several days are all but certain to be dominated by questions about whether he pays taxes .   Trump’s hope Trump had of dodging and Trump’s on the issue through November 8 is now gone .   Even more troubling : He just spent a week Trump’s with a former Latina Miss Universe who he had publicly ridiculed as Trump’s Miss Piggy " and " Miss Housekeeping " 20 years ago     and who he continued insisting was overweight Trump’s week , rather than dropping the issue .   At the issue in the tightly contested race , Trump ’s momentum has stalled and time is an increasingly precious resource . Unless he is suddenly willing to Trump’s much more information about his taxes , he ’ll Trump’s squandered two Trump’s weeks as early voting is underway in several key states . Is ’genius’ very smart ?   The messaging out of Trump Tower has been clear : If Trump did n’t pay federal income Trump’s , it makes him a " genius Trump didn’t pay federal income taxes " Trump’s How Trump could lose a billion bucks Trump’s still live a billionaire life , It was the buzzword coming from Trump ’s top surrogates on the Trump’s .   " The reality is , this is part of our tax code . The man ’s a genius . He Trump’s to operate the tax code Trump’s the benefit of the our tax code serving , " former New York Trump’s mayor Rudy Giuliani told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union . "   " There ’s no one who ’s shown more genius in their way to maneuver around the tax code and to rightfully use the laws to our tax code " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said on " Fox News Sunday . "   But labeling Trump a " genius " when so many questions remain unanswered is Trump problematic because it implies that Trump in fact did not pay taxes . And Trump he ’s a genius for not paying income taxes , what does that make everybody who does ?   Will this hurt Trump in the Rust Belt ? The case for Trump has long been that    Americans     particularly in the Rust Belt     have been unfairly hammered by outside forces like immigration the Rust Belt .   By refusing to directly address the questions raised by The New York Times report , Trump ’s campaign so far has left open the possibility that those Trump years have paid more in federal income taxes than Trump , despite his vast wealth .   If the revelations on Trump ’s taxes leave Trump Trump like a beneficiary of the status quo Trump , it could Trump harder for him to sell himself as an outsider in states like the revelations on Trump’s taxes leave Trump looking like a beneficiary of the status quo in Washington and Ohio , Trump he desperately Trump wins .    There is evidence that a majority of voters Trump it is important that presidential candidates release their tax records . In a Monmouth University poll last month , 62 % of presidential candidates asked thought it was very important or somewhat important for candidates to show their tax records . Will Trump face more pressure to release his tax returns ? candidates particularly now that new questions have been raised .   Trump pressure could be amplified by members of Trump ’s own party . Congressional Republicans will be asked a new round of questions about Trump Trump taxes , and some could call on him to release his returns .   It Trump sure to be a hot topic in the Trump presidential debate Trump pitting Trump ’s running mate Mike Pence against Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine on Tuesday night .   Add this Trump list of questions Trump has left unanswered : Has he paid income taxes ? Why did he suddenly decide President Barack Obama Trump born in the United States Trump What keeps him from dropping distracting Trump feuds with people like Alicia Machado and Rosie O’Donnell ?   In each public Trump and interview this week , Trump will be asked questions related to his taxes . He will likely answer by bashing the media and Trump to attacks on Clinton     which Trump only perpetuate Trump questions .   Will Trump react by attacking Clinton ?   Over the course of the 2016 campaign , Trump has repeatedly demonstrated Trump he reacts to Clinton     slights by lashing out angrily     often with attacks on Trump that come at a Trump cost , such as his criticism of    Judge Gonzalo Curiel ’s Mexican heritage and the Gold Star Khan family .   The Trump revelations wo n’t just create new pressure for Trump to release his returns , they ’ll raise questions about the credibility of Trump ’s claims he has Trump a " Trump company . The tax revelations   Trump offered a glimpse of the Trump style he Trump returning to Saturday night in Pennsylvania , as news Trump his $ 916 million loss in 1995 Trump .   He said Clinton " could be crazy " and Trump the " stamina " to be president     even Trump Clinton stumbling into her car while leaving a    ceremony last month . And he questioned , with no Clinton , whether Clinton Democratic nominee is " loyal " to her husband . Trump I do n’t even think she ’s loyal to Bill , if you want to the Democratic nominee the truth . And really folks , really the Democratic nominee why should she be ? " Trump said Saturday , apparently calling into question Clinton ’s marital fidelity to her husband the Democratic nominee without evidence     in his most direct terms yet . He willl campaign in northern Virginia Clinton Colorado on Monday , followed by Clinton on Tuesday , in what Clinton be the first tests of his temperament and handling of tax return questions . 
 Clinton 