Miami ( CNN ) A manufactured storyline . A promise of a " major statement . " And an ulterior motive . Donald Trump on Friday pulled off Donald Trump latest media stunt , scoring more than 20 minutes of free live TV time to tout the endorsement of more than a dozen veterans and to talk up Donald Trump new hotel in Washington after Donald Trump and Donald Trump campaign had promised Donald Trump would address Donald Trump longstanding , controversial " birther " position . Then , Donald Trump made a    statement stating that Donald Trump now believes President Barack Obama was born in the US , and quickly abandoned the podium     leaving reporters bellowing questions into the ether .   None of us were surprised . After all , Friday ’s circus was nothing short of standard operating procedure for the real estate mogul and his    campaign     and just the latest example of how Trump fueled Trump political rise through Trump unparalleled mastery of the media . But this time , there were n’t just a few shouted questions from reporters . Instead , Trump stepped away from the mic amid a cacophony of cheering supporters     more than 100 of whom separated Trump from the press     and reporters , some standing on chairs , shouting dozens of questions at the top of our lungs . " When did you change your mind about Obama being born in the US ? " I shouted . " What took you so long to make this decision ? " shouted another reporter . " Why wo n’t you answer our questions ? " And then , another reporter ’s gone . Trump had just changed a signature position Trump ’s held for years with a few dozen words and no explanation of why Trump had suddenly changed Trump mind . And Trump also notched 51 days since Trump last news conference . The moment was emblematic of Trump treatment of the press throughout the campaign     particularly in the last 24 hours . Reporters covering this the campaign     I have for the last 15 months     have long grown used to Trump Trump insults our way , shouts of " scum , " " dishonest " and " disgusting " reverberating as thousands of his Trump , many of them snickering at thousands of his supporters spectacle , turn toward the press pen , booing . Some of us have even come to expect a call from the     every so often to hear the candidate gripe about a particular article and shame us as " us . " But on Thursday night , Trump took his mistreatment of Trump press to new lows , taking the stage at a rally in New Hampshire moments before the traveling press corps’ plane touched down in the state , New Hampshire to mock us .   " I have really good news for you . I just heard that the press is the press their airplane . They the press n’t get the press . I love it , " Trump said the press is stuck on their airplane to his supporters’ glee .   Trump arrived for the last three minutes of his speech     a circumstance Trump by Trump ’s refusal to travel Trump same plane as reporters covering his campaign , defying decades of Trump in the coverage of Democratic and Republican nominees . Trump boasts about dumping traveling press Trump , The event on Friday was his    . Having promised a Trump major statement , " via Twitter , Trump talked up his hotel     Trump under budget Trump ahead of schedule "     and invited a parade of military veterans to come to the podium and tell the world why they were supporting Trump ’s presidential a parade of military veterans . The Trump no longer about a Republican presidential nominee reversing his position on an issue supported by a fringe slice of America . It was about brave military men embracing this controversial figure , flaws and all . All the while , the cameras continued to roll , the remarks carried live on cable news in anticipation that Trump would clarify his position on birtherism Trump he had Trump that morning . It Trump the kind of free , unfiltered media coverage that every politician dreams of , but few will ever grasp . Finally , after 28 minutes , Trump lifted the suspense and got to Trump point . He falsely claimed that his opponent Hillary Trump " started the Trump controversy " in 2008 and stated ,     that " President Barack Obama was born in the United States "     something Obama proved beyond a shadow of a doubt in 2011 when he released his    birth certificate . Trump spent Trump time talking about his Trump than explaining how he was Trump his position on the Trump that skyrocketed Trump to national political prominence and earned Trump his earliest notes of support from Trump Trump . Trump laid his media trap the night before when Trump campaign put out a statement hours Trump a Washington Post interview published in which Trump declined to disavow his birther views Trump The interview took Trump a day earlier a Washington Post interview published in which Trump declined to disavow his birther views the campaign waited another day , until his campaign before the event in Washington , to blast out a statement . It remains to be seen whether Trump ’s move helped him . CNN Trump News cut away Trump points in the presentation . Networks spent the day talking about Trump ’s history as a birther a day Trump had also previously billed a March campaign Trump as a possible news conference , only for the candidate to not take any questions . The event , which had been scheduled earlier , came just days after his campaign manager was accused of grabbing a reporter . Before Friday , the campaign ’s most recent deception came Wednesday when campaign advisers told The Trump campaign Trump would not be releasing results of his latest Trump exam on the " Dr. Oz Trump program . And then Trump did just that , with a reality    Trump .     As we filed into the event hall for his rally Friday night , we were still nowhere Trump to understanding why Trump had suddenly    on we . The campaign Trump ignored all our requests for comment . We had n’t had an opportunity to prod we on the when and we of his sudden change of heart , especially when he Trump declined to disavow the position just days Trump . But as we awaited the familiar sound of Lee Greenwood ’s " God Bless the we , " a more ominous tune played instead . It was a song from Broadway ’s " Les Misérables , " the words " Les Deplorables " flashing on the screen above the stage , harkening to Clinton ’s comment about his supporters from earlier this month . I flicked at my iPhone , Clinton’s powered on the video recorder . But moments later , Trump wondered aloud what would happen if Clinton ’s Secret Service detail were disarmed . And that was the news Clinton’s 