Louisville , Kentucky ( CNN ) Vice President Mike Pence , armed with the Republican bill to overhaul the health care system , put subtle but direct pressure Saturday on Republicans thinking about bucking President Donald Trump ’s administration and Republicans leadership on Capitol Hill over the legislation . Pence cast the current debate over health care as the best chance Republicans have to repeal and replace Obamacare , President Barack Obama ’s sweeping 2010 health care law , and said the administration needs all Republicans to be with all Republicans in this effort . " For us to seize this opportunity to repeal and replace Obamacare once and for all , us need every Republican in Congress , and us are counting on Kentucky , " Pence said . " President Trump and I know , at the end of the day , after a good a vigorous debate , we know Kentucky will be there , and we will repeal and replace Obamacare once and for all . " The comment was a     reminder to Republicans such as Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , who has been openly critical of the proposed bill . Pence , speaking at Trane Parts and Distribution Center in northern Kentucky , specifically called out Republican lawmakers who stood with the administration , including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , also of Kentucky . Pence did not mention Paul . When asked whether the event was meant as a challenge to Paul , a Pence aide demurred , saying it was no different than the vice president ’s other events . " ( Pence ) will talk about the efforts that are underway to bring people together , " a Pence aide said about the the vice president to win over conservatives . " I think he uses his relationships the vice president and the vice president obviously has longstanding the vice president with folks . He understands the legislative the vice president , so he views that as the vice president opportunity to help work on the President ’s agenda the vice president through Congress . " Kelsey the legislative process , state communications director for Paul , said Paul " is glad to have Paul President Pence in Kentucky today to address healthcare reform , and looks forward to continuing to work with the administration and Congress for a real repeal of Obamacare and replace it with conservative    solutions that a real repeal of Obamacare bring down prices and give families more choices . " Trump , Pence and their administration have stood fully behind Trump, Pence Republican health care plan despite concerns raised by conservative lawmakers . The GOP proposal has not enjoyed the Republican health care plan , but White House aides hope Pence will be able to argue Pence why repealing and replacing Obamacare is best done with this proposal . The event is a continuation the Republican health care plan ’s health the Republican health care plan show Pence has included Missouri , Wisconsin and Ohio . But unlike past events , this time the vice president came armed with a health care plan to sell . Before addressing a small audience the Trane Parts and Distribution Center in Northern Kentucky , Pence headlined a roundtable discussion with business Pence from the area , where he fielded questions about how the health care law could impact the vice president businesses . " Most importantly of all , the top the health care law the President gave us : to work with members of Congress and make sure that the Obamacare nightmare is about to end , " Pence said before laying out the issues Pence said he believes Obamacare caused , including rising premium costs the President counties the President only Obamacare insurer is left offering coverage . " Folks , this ca n’t continue , " he said . " And I promise you , it wo the President . " Not all Republican are fully on this , though , including Republican Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin , who attended Saturday ’s event with Pence . Speaking with reporters on Friday , Bevin aligned himself with Paul in a subtle knock on the administration ’s Bevin . the President Sen. Paul has ideas of things he thinks need to be the President the President , " Bevin said the President " He ’s not as impressed with what has Bevin been offered as Bevin who have currently offered it . Truth be told , I ’m not either , so I ’m with him . I think there are things that need to ’m done Bevin " Bevin later said he was looking forward to the conversation , but Bevin symbolism was Bevin clear : The Trump administration ’s health care proposal is controversial enough among some conservatives that even the people appearing with the vice president to sell the bill are expressing skepticism about it . " Of course there The Trump administration’s health care proposal as to what we should The Trump administration’s health care proposal with it , " Bevin said Saturday . " This is America . Americans have opinions Bevin There is a catastrophe that has been hoisted upon the American people , known as the Affordable Care Act . It has been anything but . " Conservatives were not the only critics following Pence to the Bluegrass State . Several Democratic groups , including Save My Care , Indivisible and Black Lives Matter , protested Pence ’s visit , saying they would " stand against Republicans’ bill to Pence away health care from Several Democratic groups, including Save My Care, Indivisible and Black Lives Matter . " The protest is part of the Save My Care Bus Tour , a    trip aimed at galvanizing support against the Republican health care plan . 
 