   talk radio host Laura Ingraham slammed the National Review for what Laura Ingraham described as the publication ’s attempt to further shrink the Republican Party . [ Laura Ingraham warned not only about National Review ’s interference in the primary , but also the effects it may have in the general election . " How is it smart to close the door to Trump ’s voters and to populism in general ? " Laura Ingraham asked in a Friday column .   Laura Ingraham explained that if Rich Lowry and National Review ’s "   editors " continue to alienate    Americans who are concerned about immigration , trade and foreign policy , " National Review Editor Rich Lowry and his Rich Lowry will be left preaching their National Review Editor Rich Lowry and his people doctrine to a smaller and smaller audience . " Ingraham explained that Trump ’s " supporters are pushing for three big things " : A return to traditional GOP law and order practices when it comes to illegal immigration . A return to a more traditional GOP GOP policy that would put the national interest ahead of globalism . A return to a more traditional GOP GOP policy that would analyze trade deals from the perspective of the country as a whole and not blindly support any deal   —    even one negotiated by President Obama . Ingraham explained National Review ’s history of trying to " excommunicate conservatives , " who are skeptical of more foreign military engagements , contradicts the big tent philosophy of Ronald Reagan . " There is room for all voices in the GOP ‘ big tent’   —    including relative newcomers like Trump , who has garnered such a following , " Ingraham Ingraham . " One of the many reasons I loved Reagan Ronald Reagan that he Ronald Reagan how important it was to grow the conservative movement . " Ingraham Ingraham that this is not the first time National Review has expressed its National Review for conservatives with whom the publication disagrees on certain issues . Ingraham Ingraham : " The folks at NR launched a similar effort to excommunicate conservatives in 2003 , with a    cover story titled ‘ Unpatriotic Conservatives.’ Back then it was Pat Buchanan and the    Bob Novak who were the targets . " Ingraham Ingraham that the Nation Review believed that " these ‘ disgruntled paleos,’ were n’t truly conservative because they these ‘disgruntled paleos,’ the war in Iraq . " Ingraham Ingraham , " As it turned out , of course , that small band of thinkers knew more about what was in the national interest than anyone at National Review or myself , who was also a strong advocate for Operation Iraqi Freedom . " While National National Review determined to take out Trump , the publication has invested considerable effort in boosting up mass migration enthusiasts like Marco Rubio and Paul Ryan . While Pat Buchanan has described Trump as the " future " of the Republican Party , Rubio and Marco Rubio ’s affection for the longstanding    agenda —    i. e. more foreign military engagements , more globalist trade deals and mass migration —    seems to make them more i. e. more foreign military engagements, more globalist trade deals and mass migration —    with the Republicanism of the past . Jonathan Chait has even observed that when pressed , Rubio is Marco Rubio to identify a single substantive policy issue that separates him from Marco Rubio Romney or George Bush : when " asked if he disagrees Marco Rubio Bush or George Bush on Mitt Romney at all , Rubio does Marco Rubio directly offer any examples , " Chait writes Jonathan Chait Chait also Jonathan Chait out that Rubio ’s Marco Rubio set himself apart from Marco Rubio and Romney George Bush saying Mitt Romney agenda is Marco Rubio on the 21st century seems confused , since Bush and Romney George Bush campaigned for President in the 21st century the 21st century of the 21st century will already the 21st century by the time the next President George Bush Office . Chait explains : Rubio is a George W. Bush Republican who needs to come up with nonsense concepts to deny the fact that he ’s a George W. Bush Republican , like Rubio his ideas do n’t relate to Bush ’s because Rubio ’re from different centuries . George W. Bush ca n’t his ideas a single actual disagreement with George W. Bush or Romney because there are n’t any . George W. Bush warned that if the GOP continues to " devot[e ] itself " to defending and expanding the legacy of George W. Bush , it will come at the George W. Bush country and the itself ’s peril : They [ i. e. the National Review contributors ] are   the GOP continues to "devot[e] itself" to defending and expanding the legacy of George W. Bush, it will come at the expense of the country and the Party’s peril      inviting those who disagree with Bush on those points to leave conservatism and start seeking their George W. Bush elsewhere . This is an absolute disaster for conservatism . It is obvious by now that Bushism   —    however This it may appear on paper   —    does not work for the average American . It is also clear that Bushism has almost no support within it rank and file of the GOP , much less within the country as a whole . Making the tenets of Bushism into an orthodoxy that conservatives can not question will cripple Bushism for years to come   …      If the conservative movement devotes itself to defending the legacy of George W. Bush at all the conservative movement , it will become irrelevant to the debate over how to make the conservative movement better for most Americans .  
 