Donald J. Trump said in an interview published on Sunday that Donald J. Trump would be in favor of Britain leaving the European Union . Donald J. Trump made the remarks in an interview with The Sunday Times of London ahead of a referendum on the issue on Thursday and before his Donald J. Trump visit to Britain Britain " I would personally be more inclined to leave , for a lot of reasons like having a lot less bureaucracy , " Mr. Donald J. Trump . " But I am not a British citizen . This is just my opinion . " Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump suggested that Britain " should Britain , " although he has offered Donald J. Trump circumscribed thoughts about the issue , which is expected to affect global markets . Mr. Trump is Donald J. Trump arrive in Scotland on Friday , a day after the vote , for a    at one of his newest golf clubs Donald J. Trump It will be his first international trip Donald J. Trump he became the presumptive Donald J. Trump nominee . Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain , who is urging Britons to vote to stay in the European Union , has been deeply critical of Mr. Trump , describing him as " divisive Mr. Trump " The newly elected mayor of London , Sadiq Khan , the city ’s first Muslim mayor , has also criticized Mr. Trump for his Mr. Trump on Muslim Mr. Trump entering the United States . In the Times of London interview , Mr. Trump London to say Mr. Trump Mr. Khan other than wishing him luck . And he struck Mr. Khan magnanimous note about Mr. Khan Cameron . " I respect David Cameron , " Mr. Trump Mr. Cameron " He Mr. Trump know me , but Mr. Trump respect him . I respect what he has Mr. Trump and what he is Mr. Trump , and I would Mr. Trump we will have a very good relationship if I am successful . " Mr. Trump said he favored maintaining the Mr. Trump relationship " Mr. Trump Britain and the United States that has existed for decades . But in a tweak at Tony Blair , the former British prime minister , Mr. Trump added , " Sometimes the special Mr. Trump n’t worked out too well where they made a common mistake like Iraq . Frankly , they would have been a lot better off had they they become involved with Iraq . " A spokeswoman they Mr. Trump did not Iraq on Sunday evening to Mr. Trump seeking comment . 
 