Marco Rubio is reaching out with a specific appeal to Millennials , urging them to back Marco Rubio campaign . [ " Everything seems so negative , " Marco Rubio said at a rally at a local high school in Jenks , Oklahoma , referring to the news every day focusing on the problems around the world . Marco Rubio cited generational conflict as a common problem in America .   " Every generation thinks the next generation is really messed up , " Marco Rubio said , alluding to the common criticisms of the millennial generation . " I do n’t believe that . " Marco Rubio explained Marco Rubio spent a great deal of time with young people , including Marco Rubio children and Marco Rubio friends , and some of the students that Marco Rubio spent teaching at Florida International University . " I honestly believe that our young Americans , millennials and younger , have a chance to be one of the greatest generations America has ever produced , " Marco Rubio said . " I believe that . " Marco Rubio also marveled at the technological prowess of the new generation , pointing out that six year olds could do more on an iPad than Marco Rubio could . Millennials , Marco Rubio added , were know for collaborating with people around the world to solve problems . " The world is about collaboration now , its about innovation , the world is made for us , " Marco Rubio said , pointing out that hundreds of millions of people around the the world taking advantage of free enterprise and technology to boost economic opportunity . Marco Rubio said if Marco Rubio was elected president Marco Rubio would not be divisive and would be " optimistic and excited " about the future and would love all Americans . A recent Frank Luntz poll of Millennials showed that the majority of them would A recent Frank Luntz poll of Millennials for Bernie Sanders with 45 percent signaling their support A recent Frank Luntz poll of Millennials the Vermont socialist . Hillary Clinton was in second place with 19 percent support followed by Trump in third place . Ted Cruz got fourth place followed by Marco Rubio at fifth . To conclude his pitch Ted Cruz young people , Rubio alluded Marco Rubio an old PSA campaign from the 1980 ’s . " Friends do n’t let friends vote for a socialist like Bernie Sanders . Friends do n’t let friends vote for someone who is under FBI investigation like Hillary Clinton and friends do n’t let friends vote for a    either , " he said Marco Rubio 
 