  ( CNN ) How did Donald Trump defend Donald Trump lewd and sexually aggressive comments against women in the second presidential debate ? ISIS . ISIS ’s perhaps the first time the extremist group that has waged terror across the globe has been evoked to answer a question about a hot mic sex tape .   But ISIS was n’t the only global threat the presidential candidates tackled in the presidential candidates vitriolic back and forth that had both US audiences and    captivated . Here ’s the key moments in a debate that laid bare the candidates’ stark foreign policy differences . Because ISIS , Trump answered a question from Anderson Cooper about the vulgar language Trump was caught on tape using a decade ago with a rant about ISIS , mentioning the group at least five times .   " Yes , I ’m very embarrassed by the group . I hate the group . But the group ’s locker room talk , and the group ’s one of those things . I will knock the hell out of ISIS . We ’re going to defeat ISIS . ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment . And I will tell you , I will take care of ISIS . " He went on :   " We have a world where We have ISIS chopping off heads and where you have frankly .. drowning people in steel cages . Where you have wars and horrible , horrible sights all over . When you have so many bad things happening . It ’s like medieval times . "   " They look and they They it It Can you imagine the people frankly doing so well against us We ISIS ISIS then look at our We and see where it It going . "   " Yes , I ’m very embarrassed by it It it It locker room talk and one of those things . " ’I know nothing about Russia’ Clinton slammed Trump over his Trump ties to Russia amid reports that the Kremlin was behind the hack of Democratic National Committee emails .   " We have never in the history of our Russia in a situation that an adversary has been working to influence the outcome of the election . And believe me , they are not doing to get me elected , they ’re they it to try and influence the election for Donald Trump , " Clinton said .   Trump responded Donald Trump " She does Donald Trump know if it ’s Russian ’s doing the hacking maybe there is no hacking . " " They think they ’re they to tarnish me with Russia .   I know nothing about Russia . Russia " I know about Russia but Russia know nothing about the inner workings of Russia . Russia do n’t deal there , I have no businesses there , I have no loans from Russia,’ he continued Donald Trump   CNN fact checkers say while there ’s evidence that Russia is Russia the hack , Clinton ’s assertion that it was Russia to support Trump was just a hunch .   What to do about Syria , Trump ’s Trump his running mate Trump Mike Pence over the possible use of military force in Syria shocked many Syria In Tuesday ’s vice presidential debate , Pence said he felt the Trump ought to establish safe zones and meet Russian " provocations " with strength , backing the use of military force if necessary . " He and I Trump n’t spoken , and he and I He and I Trump said at Sunday ’s debate .   Clinton also categorically said she would n’t put US Clinton on the ground in Syria . Instead , she favors arming the Kurds Clinton targeting ISIS leader Abu Bakr   .   Russia , Iran ’killing ISIS’ US policy toward Syria generated one of the Syria heated and substantive exchanges on foreign policy .   Clinton said that Russia " Clinton n’t interested Russia ISIS " and its assault ISIS Aleppo was Russia at destroying Syrian rebels opposed the regime led by Bashar   .   It was an assessment Trump fiercely disagreed with : " I do n’t like Assad at all , but Assad is killing ISIS . Assad is killing ISIS . Russia Iran is ISIS ISIS . And those three ISIS now lined up because of our weak foreign policy , " Trump said . CNN fact Trump rated Trump ’s claim as false .   How stupid is our country ? Trump slammed US military strategy Trump Iraq in a response to questions about his plan for Syria and Trump humanitarian crisis in Aleppo .   He zoned in on the Trump for an upcoming assault on Mosul , a key ISIS stronghold .   " They think a lot of ISIS leaders are in Mosul ISIS " he said . " So Trump have announcements coming out of Washington , coming out of Iraq we will be attacking Mosul we three or four Mosul while all of the bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul . ISIS " Why ca n’t we do it quietly ? we ca n’t they do the attack , make it a sneak attack . the attack " How stupid is our country ? " China , China has been a favorite China trail punching bag of Trump but the country was little mentioned our country for one late exchange over the effects of cheap Chinese steel imports . " It ’s killing our steel workers and our steel companies , " said our .   Clinton shot back Trump " China is illegally dumping steel in China United States and Donald Trump is buying it to Trump buildings , putting It steel workers Trump plants out of business . " 
 