  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump helped the nation reach a rare moment of racial reconciliation , but hardly anyone noticed . It was sparked by a recent White House photo op , when President Donald Trump gathered with Republican leaders to celebrate the House passing a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare .   The event looked like the board meeting of an     golf club . Photos from the ceremony showed a phalanx of    white men heartily congratulating one another , with no woman or person of color in sight .    Some photos released later did show some women at The event . But the surplus of white testosterone in the images sparked widespread outrage . One critic tweeted : " Message from another white guy : Yes , this is way too many white men in one place . " Another white guy complained about a pattern of " overwhelming white maleness " in Trump administration photos . Someone even started a hashtag : # governmentsowhite . Lost in the criticism of those images , though , was something to celebrate : Many white people now get uneasy about seeing too many white guys in positions of power . The notion that the nation ’s leaders should look like the people they the nation’s leaders is becoming widely accepted .   But could the Trump administration Trump administration white men wielding all the power seem normal again ? It ’ll never happen , says historian Jerald Podair     the United States is Trump administration . The Trump Rose Garden photo bothered Podair but did n’t change his historian Jerald Podair     about the nation ’s historian Jerald Podair     . " the nation’s not look at an    picture again and just take it for granted that it ’s normal an   picture " says Podair an   picture a professor of history and American studies at Lawrence University in Wisconsin . " The demographic changes in America are continuing and inexorable . " the nation’s what if the white male throwback optics are n’t just annoying , but dangerous ? Many people said this country would never return to the the nation’s white people would casually sling the    at    in public curse out Latinos for speaking Spanish and openly call for a lynching . But it has . All of that actually took the nation’s over the past seven days in America . We ’ve entered an era in the nation’s traditional rules no longer apply .   Stop blaming all white men , There ’s a growing belief among some conservative white men that they are persecuted for their skin color . all white men , say , all white men ’re a white , unemployed factory worker in Wisconsin looking for a job , you may scoff at talk of too many white men in one place . John Hawkins , a conservative blogger and columnist , says white men are blamed for everything from slavery to denying women the right to vote . " We live in the strongest , most powerful , most prosperous nation in human history and if we ’re being honest , white men probably We 95 % of the credit for that , " he wrote in a 2016 column entitled , " When Did White Men Become The Bad Guys in America ? " " That may be unfair because women and black Americans were n’t given the opportunity to significantly contribute for most of our nation ’s history , but it is true . " Hawkins says the images coming from the Trump administration look the way they do because the Republican Party is predominantly the Trump administration .   " Republicans have just done a poor job of attracting minorities , " says Hawkins , author of " 101 Things All Hawkins Adults Should Know . " " Part of it is our fault . We ’ve done a terrible job of outreach our "   Some powerful Republicans defended the White House photo . During an interview with Andrea Mitchell on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said critics mischaracterized the optics of the event .   Mitchell had asked Price why so few women Andrea Mitchell at the Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price , particularly since the Republican health care bill would allow insurers to opt out of providing basic benefits to women such as maternity coverage and birth control . Price told Mitchell to look again at the Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price . Andrea Mitchell Andrea , come on . Look at that picture . Congresswoman Diane Black , the chair of the budget committee , I was standing next to her . Seema Verma , the administrator of Andrea [ Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ] I was standing right next to her . " To which Mitchell responded : Andrea Out of a group Andrea Mitchell dozens and dozens of people , you can cite two or three women ? "   How to stage white male power , The anger generated by the White House photo op is bigger than the debate over health care , though . The photo evoked the experience of millions of The anger generated by the White House photo op centuries . Countless images in history books , movies and politics sent the same message to women and people of color : You do n’t matter , but we do .   That message is still being sent today by the the same message who holds the power in the US . White men make up 31 % of the nation ’s population , yet 65 % of its elected officials . They out earn all groups of the nation’s     white and White men     as well as black and Hispanic men . Only    men out earn white men . Most of the nation ’s Fortune 500 CEOs and board members are the nation’s .   Many people take it for granted that white men should be in charge , studies show . If , for example , you step onto a commercial flight and see two women in the cockpit , is there a part of you that would feel safer with two white men instead ? When someone says " doctor " or " CEO , " what are the first faces that come to mind ? Anyone who says images of white men in power ca n’t be normalized again forget how normal it still is , says Howard Ross , author of " Everyday Bias . "   Ross saw this normalization in action when he delivered a recent Howard Ross on diversity at a meeting of Howard Ross care leaders . About 75 % of his audience was men . When audience members lined up to Howard Ross questions after his speech , he noticed an odd pattern . " Who a recent speech on diversity to Howard Ross the microphones ? Six women . Not a single man among them , " says Ross , who started Cook Ross Inc. a Six women consulting firm . " That ’s an optic that nobody was paying attention to . That reinforces the notion of who has access to power and who does n’t have access to power . " The images of the people Trump surrounds himself with sends the same message , many say .   Trump Trump assembled the least diverse Cabinet in 36 years . Most Trump his picks are rich , white men . It is the whitest Trump since President Ronald Reagan ’s in 1981 and reverses the least diverse Cabinet accelerated under the Obama administration . Former President Barack Obama created the most " demographically diverse administration in history . Obama do n’t just have more seats in Trump ’s Cabinet they have more access to the President himself , according to a recent Politico article that tracked White men reports of his interactions Obama House and other locations .   And notice who normally flanks Trump when he Obama documents in other White House photo ops . It ’s usually men who look just Trump’s him Obama says William Falk , editor of The Week magazine , who wrote about Trump ’s optics in Obama article entitled , " Too Much Testosterone . "   " Every time President Trump signs a new executive order , he is surrounded by dozens of grinning aides , congressmen and Trump’s , nearly all of them white , Trump’s and over 50 , " says Falk , who has joked about being a white man dozens of grinning aides, congressmen and industry CEOs for as long as I remember . "   " Is there a message there ? "   The message is one of power : White men are back to running America and there ’s nothing you can a message it , says Gordon Coonfield , an authority on visual communication at Villanova University in Pennsylvania . He says the White House photo op Coonfield was n’t accidental . It ’s " strategic . "   " These Coonfield not a bunch of bumbling old white guys who do n’t know better , " Republican leaders Coonfield . " They know exactly what the passage of their health care bill ’re doing . It ’s a certain staging of power . An image of a bunch of white guys seeking to undo health care coverage for millions of These sends a strong These message about whose the passage of their health care bill are being represented and whose are not . " The message that Trump and Republican leaders are sending subverts the rules of politics and PR : Appeal to the broadest demographic audience , says Andrew Blum , founder of AJB Communications , a public relations firm in New York City . " It was horrible optics , but they ’re getting away with it , " Blum Blum a bar of soap , There are those , though , who say that Trump Trump and the Republicans may be able to Blum change , they wo It be able Trump . Most of America will reject any optics that It white the nation’s dominance , says Podair , the historian and author of " City of Dreams : Dodger Stadium and the Birth of Modern Los Angeles . "   He points to the narrowness of Trump the Republicans electoral victory as evidence . Almost 3 million more Americans voted against Trump than for him Trump the presidential election . Trump squeaked by only because of the peculiar nature Trump the Electoral Trump , he says . The Trump world , for example , is Podair, the historian and author of "City of Dreams: Dodger Stadium and the Birth of Modern Los Angeles forgiving than the political one , Trump says . Companies routinely craft images that appeal to the widest and most diverse audiences .     Trump There are no Electoral Colleges in advertising , " Podair says . " If Trump was a historian Jerald Podair     of soap , the advertising for Trump soap would not have worked     more Trump would have not bought his product . " Others Trump the president who preceded Trump doomed any chance of rewinding the clock Trump Obama , the nation ’s first black president , Trump it normal to see people of color the nation’s well as women , gays and lesbians Obama in positions of power , they say . It ’s strange to suddenly see so much white maleness in the White House , says Lisa Fritsch , an the White House who lectures on diversity . " Obama definitely set a new level of decorum for the office and with that a higher standard for diversity and inclusion , " Fritsch says people of color    as well as women, gays and lesbians     " He Obama made this White House seem peculiar and out of place in America . " Others Fritsch longer passively accept images that exclude them . They go on the attack when they spot offensive images . " As certain groups got bigger and more educated , we felt like we had the right to complain , Fritsch says Nancy A. Shenker , founder and CEO of theONswitch , a marketing firm . " Social media allowed for a certain sense of anonymity , and people who felt like they were People against People to speak up . " People optics centered around " a bunch of white guys " wo n’t resonate with contemporary Americans , we Nate Regier , an authority on organizational development and author of " Conflict Without Casualties . "   " America is diverse , period , " he the nation’s . " Anyone who denies it or acts as if Social media is n’t true will be left behind economically , politically and socially . " There was another recent photo , though , that challenges the idea that certain images are now unacceptable .   After the city council in Charlottesville , Virginia , voted to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee Nate Regier, an authority on organizational development and author of "Conflict Without Casualties a downtown park , white nationalists mobilized . Richard Spencer , it white nationalist leader , led rallies in Charlottesville earlier this month protesting the pending removal of the statue . He tweeted a photo of himself with a torch . A column of    white men chanted , " You will not replace us . "   Charlottesville Mayor Mike Signer saw Spencer ’s photo and took to Twitter to criticize the rally . He was attacked with a torrent of racist and    tweets Charlottesville one that said , " I smell Jew a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee Consider those optics : Photos of a He of white men holding torches at a nighttime rally white men massing to protect the honor of another white man Charlottesville fought to maintain white supremacy a photo of himself publicly to those deemed belonging to a lesser group He   This , too , was an image of white men that was supposed to be consigned to the past . 
 