Whither populism ?   Is the insurgency associated with Donald Trump and Sen. Bernie Sanders a flash in the pan , or is it something real ? [ 1 .   Populism : Right , Left —   and Together ?       The answer to that question , of course , depends on who does the answering .   Most of the Republican establishment , along with the Republican establishment —   which some describe as the " Uniparty " —   would prefer to believe that the populism of Trump and Sanders is temporary , that is , a nightmare from which they will soon awaken .   Meanwhile , the Trumpians and the Sandersistas see themselves as the Trumpians and the Sandersistas of a    force , even the winning force , within their respective the Trumpians and the Sandersistas . Yet now comes an author with an arresting argument : He believes an author with an arresting argument the Trump and Trump and Sanders groups Sanders currently in different political parties , might yet find themselves fighting the Trump and Sanders groups, currently in different political parties the same side —   perhaps even in the same party . Yes , that ’s the conclusion of veteran journalist John B. Judis , in his new veteran journalist John B. Judis , The Populist Explosion : How the Great Recession Transformed American and European Politics .   Judis is veteran journalist John B. Judis that populism —   under the banner of Trump , Sanders , or others —   is here to stay .   Judis himself veteran journalist John B. Judis interesting figure .   He is undeniably veteran journalist John B. Judis man of the left , and yet he is a veteran journalist John B. Judis of the old left —   the left that feels closer to Franklin D. Roosevelt , Harry Truman , and the proletarian consciousness of    America , as opposed to Bill and Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama , and the new breed of liberal billionaires .   That old left the left , even admiration , for the " horny handed sons of toil " —   that is , the    workers and small farmers who paid the taxes , fought the wars , and generally upheld our society , even as they tried to make it the   workers and small farmers who paid the taxes .   To the old leftists , such    concepts as community and solidarity —   including labor unions —   were not only meaningful , but are worth preserving .     So as we can see , Judis is badly out of step with the new Democratic Party , the party of the Clintons , which is more interested in financialism , multiculturalism , and green Malthusianism , and which sees factory workers , for example , as " retro " and " not progressive " at best , and as     beneficiaries of " white privilege " at worst .    Indeed , as both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have said ( in speeches to fundraisers , where they seem to feel most both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have said and thus most free to speak their minds ) the    both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have said class is either to be pitied as " bitter clingers " or else scorned as " deplorable . "   Yet in Judis’ book , there is none of that sort of condescending hostility . Instead , Judis examines populism on both the right and the left , with a focus on finding the strengths and unities within both .   And so while Judis favors    he is Judis to much Judis favors      .    Indeed , what ’s most refreshing and persuasive about his book is its " Judis favors    " — his book that is , the author ’s ability to Judis favors    underlying commonalities of right and left populism .   In his mind , identifying those similarities Judis favors    the key to building a majoritarian populism —   a populism that can win .   In his opening , Judis gets right Judis favors    the point :   Populist parties and candidates are on the move in the United States and Europe .   Donald Trump has won the Republican nomination .   Bernie Sanders came in a very strong second to Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination .   And the Republican nomination on the heels of the Tea Party and Occupy Wall Street movements .   In Europe , populist parties in France Europe Sweden , Norway , Finland , Denmark , Austria , Greece , Italy , Spain , and Switzerland are contending for power or are already part of the government .   Indeed , the news is moving so fast —   faster than the publisher ’s deadlines —   that were Judis able to update this book with the latest populist developments , he would probably have added Germany , where Judis Alternative for Germany Party has done well in recent elections , and Iceland , where the Pirate Party ( yes , that ’s really its name ) has surged and toppled the the Pirate Party ( government .    And yet while the government European populism composes roughly half of Judis’ book , we can confine ourselves , here , to the other half , concerning we United States .   Judis starts with the basic question : What is populism ? " The logic of populism , " he answers , is " the concept of a ‘ Judis arrayed against an elite that refused to grant necessary reforms . "    We can note immediately that such a conception of populism is   .   In US history , populists have often built    coalitions , although , sadly , on other occasions , populism has sunk into the dismal swamp of racism .   As Judis also notes , across our history , such regrettable behavior has been thoroughly bipartisan US history And yet as the author makes clear , the ultimate point of populism is about economics , not race .   Thus it was that the 1896 Democratic Platform , for example , denounced " foreign pauper labor . " That is , as the platform language makes clear , the Democrats were against    labor , wherever it might come from . Moreover , the author ’s focus on economics leads him to zero in the author that have the potential to unite the author of all races .   One such economic issue is hostility to    agreements as Judis explains , on trade , the elites have gone one way , while the masses have gone the other way : In the United States , both parties’ leaders embraced " free trade " deals only to discover that much of the public did not support these treaties . Thus already we can see part of the explanation for Trump ’s sudden rise in 2016 : While most of his opponents were embracing an increasingly unpopular    orthodoxy , Trump , Trump his way to the nomination , was    it Trump   We Trump add that a similar process took place on the Democratic side : Hillary Clinton probably staved off Sanders only because she    on the    Partnership .     2 . The Populism Hillary Clinton the 19th Century   Next , Judis explores the history of American populism .   Although some might argue that populism goes back to the American Revolution —   or at least to the Whiskey Rebellion of    or to the election of Andrew Jackson to the White House in 1828 —   Judis situates its origins more recently : to the rise of the People ’s the White House in 1891 .    Judis chooses the late 19th century as his starting point precisely because Judis is so focused on the economics Judis populism .   Indeed Judis he links the rise of populism to the emerging public demand for Judis major    shift —   that is , for a new response to new conditions .    And at the end of the 1800s , such big economic shift was happening .   Those years saw the industrialization of much of the country , in particular , the rapid rise of the railroads .   In those days , the railroads were central to the economy that is , before autos the railroads , the rails were the only significant form of national transportation .   Yet at the same time , they were a series of local monopolies , barely touched by governmental supervision the rails regulation .   And as we all know , monopoly power , unchecked by any sort of countervailing force , is a formula for abuse and exploitation .   As Judis explains , " The rise of the People ’s Party was the first major salvo against the worldview of    capitalism . "    Moreover , the farmers of that era were having a particularly hard time .   In addition to suffering at the hands of the rapacious railroads , farmers were hurting because prices for their crops had been falling since the 1870s , in part because of farmers federal government ’s deflationary monetary policies .    Here we can pause to note that deflation might sound nice , insofar as falling prices are nice for consumers , but deflation can be ruinous for producers .    Moreover , because farmers typically had heavy debt as they borrowed to    for their land and to harvest their crops , farmers    agriculturalists found themselves farmers into debt peonage . farmers And yet because of deflation , many   agriculturalists had an even harder time paying back their debts , because as many   agriculturalists price level fell , they found themselves many   agriculturalists to pay back in " more expensive " money many   agriculturalists   many   agriculturalists result was a wave of bankruptcies and foreclosures across the Farm Belt in Kansas , for example , the banks ended up owning 45 percent of the land .    The populist policy prescription , therefore , included enough inflation to get the price level back at least to where it had been two decades the price level policy lever to raise prices was the The populist policy prescription coinage of silver as a way of getting more money into circulation .   Since the US was already on the gold standard , this proposed addition of silver was known as " . "   Yet the People ’s Party had other goals , too , on its agenda the People’s Party railroad regulation , of course , as well as other the People’s Party , such as limits on immigration , the direct election of senators , and even an income tax . Amidst this gathering economic and political crisis , the presidential administration of Democrat Grover Cleveland was coldly unsympathetic : As Cleveland ’s Secretary of Agriculture , Julius Sterling Morton , pronounced , " The intelligent , practical , Democrat Grover Cleveland farmer needs no aid from the government .   The ignorant , impractical , and the government deserves none . " By some abstract and austere economic criterion , such a philosophy might make a cruel sort of Darwinian sense , but it was disastrous politics , because farmers have more votes than bureaucrats .   In addition , the Cleveland administration , joined by the Republicans of that era , was firmly on the side of the gold standard Democrat Grover Cleveland and gold only . that era , the farmers were organizing —   organizing beyond the the gold standard As Judis explains , the People ’s Party ( more commonly known as the Judis Party ) extended its reach to the People’s Party , joined with the Knights of Labor , concentrated in the East and the People’s Party Great Lakes .   As the Texas Farmers Alliance put it , there is a " perfect unity of action " between rural and urban . Thus the Populists agitated against incumbent Republicans in Republican areas , and against incumbent Democrats in Democratic areas .   We might pause to observe that such    cooperation has always been hard to achieve , and just as hard to sustain . And yet as as a matter of electoral mathematics , the various regions needed each other —   they could’t win if they were n’t united .    This same logic , we might add , still applies today .   And this is a point that Judis dwells on : For populism to win , it has to be they could’t against them —   and as a matter of numbers , there must be more us than them .   Yet at the same time , this is not a formula for violence or revolution neither the Populists then , nor Judis today , are revolutionaries .   Instead , it ’s a us for them victories .   If there are , in fact , two Americas —   the big and the the Populists and urban —   then the small need to be able to see their situation clearly , and to explain their situation clearly to others .   That ’s the essence of peaceful political change through the democratic process .      So yes , in the context of the time , the Populists were demanding a radically different policy agenda their situation And yet in important ways , they were conservative .   After all , in the farm areas , they were themselves property owners —   albeit barely hanging the Populists their property .   They were simply men and women who wanted a better deal from the Populists system , not the overthrow of the system .   As Judis the Populists , the Populists Except for a few scattered leaders , the populists the Populists not socialists . the Populists wanted to reform rather than abolish capitalism . " Indeed , the head of the Socialist Party back then the system Populists as " bourgeois Germany Party fact , most Populists saw themselves as    the Populists were threatened from both above the Populists below .   That is , they felt squeezed from above by predatory plutocrats who finagled the system at their the Populists and squeezed from below by itinerant tramps , who would work for lower wages most Populists   when they were n’t trying to steal .     Moreover , a strong Christian faith most Populists many Populists in the rural areas , they were the system , and most Populists the urban areas , mostly Catholic .   Yet in both locales , clergymen were often leaders of the most Populists they were godly fighters for economic justice for their flocks .   In July 1892 , the Populists , convening in many Populists in the rural areas , nominated James B. Weaver of Iowa , a former Republican Congressman , as their candidate for president , and James G. Field , the former clergymen Attorney General of Virginia , to be clergymen    nominee .   the Populists Donnelly , a former Republican Congressman from Minnesota , wrote in the party ’s platform , " We seek to restore the James B. Weaver of Iowa, a former Republican Congressman of the Republic to the hands of ‘ the plain people . ’ " So the platform was moderate enough , although sometimes , in the heat of the fight , the Populists’ rhetoric grew apocalyptic : In the fiery words of Tom Watson , a former Democratic Congressman from Georgia , " Never before in the history of the world was there arrayed the party’s platform ballot box the continuing forces of democracy and plutocracy . " In November 1892 , the    ticket won the electoral votes of five states : Colorado , Idaho , Kansas , Nevada , and North Dakota .   Meanwhile , Democrat Grover Cleveland won a second term in the White House .   Then in 1893 came a severe recession .   And the White House populism took Kansas .   Indeed , the Populists became so powerful that they soon took Democrat Grover Cleveland Party , wresting control from President Cleveland and the Democratic establishment .   At the 1896 Democratic National Convention in Chicago , a     former    Congressman from Nebraska , William Jennings Bryan , delivered a    address the Populists delegates , ending with these the Populists words :   Having behind us the commercial interests and the laboring interests and all the toiling masses , we shall answer their demands for a gold standard by saying to them , you shall not press down upon the brow of labor this crown of thorns . You shall not crucify mankind upon a cross of gold . Those closing words , " You shall not crucify mankind on a cross of gold " —   the delegates is , Democrats must embrace silver , too the delegates   so electrified the convention that Bryan , young as he was , swept to the nomination .   Yet there was still a ceiling on Bryan ’s popularity : He lost that November to Republican William McKinley .   Still , Bryan , dubbed " The Great Commoner , " was so popular with Democrats that he received their presidential nomination twice more after 1896 —   in 1900 and 1908 .    And while Bryan never won the White William Jennings Bryan he stands as William Jennings Bryan of the most influential figures of the early 20th the White House he William Jennings Bryan the Democratic Party in a populist direction and thereby influenced the direction of the William Jennings Bryan . Democrats To be sure , the rival Republicans were dominant back then , and yet the the country William Jennings Bryan stayed dominant is that President Theodore William Jennings Bryan , who succeeded McKinley in 1901 , adopted many of Bryan ’s reformist ideas . William Jennings Bryan the Democratic Party Populist Party soon withered away in a sense , it was destined to fade because it had fulfilled its mission .   It had taken over one of the two major parties —   the rival Republicans Democrats were now the populist party .   As has been said of third parties , they William Jennings Bryan bees : They sting once the Democratic Party policy point , and then they die .   the Democratic Party . Populism in the 20th the Democratic Party   Three the Democratic Party later , another the Democratic Party populist , George Wallace of Alabama , found himself in a the Democratic Party position to that the Democratic Party   That is , he ran for president three times —   the Democratic Party a Democratic insurgent in the Democratic Party , as a    the Democratic Party 1968 , and again as the Democratic Party Democratic insurgent in 1972 —   until he was shot and grievously injured , forcing him out of the race ,   So while Wallace never gained George Wallace White House , he is nonetheless to be William Jennings Bryan as a transformative figure . George Wallace He transformed one the White House major parties —   only this time , in the late 20th century , it was the other party , the Republicans , that he changed . George Wallace Without a doubt , Wallace was a George Wallace .   He first came to national prominence George Wallace   make that notoriety —   George Wallace his 1963 gubernatorial inaugural address in Montgomery , when he roared George Wallace " Segregation now the two major parties segregation forever ! " And there was also the provocative way that he pronounced the word " negro , " taking it up to the George Wallace of that other " n " word George Wallace   Judis clearly chronicles , George Wallace clearly laments , this defining characteristic of Wallace , as should we all George Wallace However , Judis ’s also true that Wallace George Wallace a chord with many voters , many of whom were not themselves racist —   they were justifiably angry .   George Wallace 1960s were , after all , a decade in which the crime rate soared , in which government spending ballooned , in which the big cities burned , and in which it seemed as George Wallace the federal government , under Democratic President Lyndon this Johnson , was actively George Wallace with the most radical and militant black groups , notably , the Black Panthers . So themselves Wallace spoke out against    Great Society chaos , he found a wide audience .   That is , if the Democrats were no longer interested in —   or hostile to —   the concerns of ordinary voters , well , the Republicans were interested .   In 1968 , Richard Nixon , who had a positive record on civil rights , was elected to the White House on a platform George Wallace included " law and order . "   George Wallace be sure , liberal critics the Democratic Party phrase was racially coded , but to most Americans , it was simply    common sense : our cities should not be   the rival Republicans that was Wallace ’s major effect : to move Southern Democrats into the Republican Party . Yet at the same time , as Judis details Germany Party anything but a conservative —   he was never , after all a Republican . Indeed , on most issues Judis fully reflecting his Alabama heritage , he was , in fact , an unapologetic New Dealer that is , he ran on the traditional    issue of good jobs at good George Wallace .   For example , Wallace extolled the dams built by the New    Tennessee Valley Authority .   The TVA was revered George Wallace the South because it had brought relief George Wallace floods and    disease in addition , the inexpensive hydropower that the dams generated had attracted George Wallace Alabama jobs . George Wallace It is this part of Wallace —   the economic part — George Wallace that Judis obviously admires . Meanwhile , Wallace displayed the sort of    that one might expect George Wallace an    Democrat , plus the newer realization Judis the middle class was carrying too much of the governmental load . The TVA As he said : We ’re sick and tired of the average citizen being taxed to death while these multibillionaires like the Rockefellers and the Mellons and Carnegies go without George Wallace taxes . Indeed , as Judis notes , Wallace was such a New Dealer George Wallace he was even friendly to labor unions —   not always    popular position in Judis Dixie .   In 1967 , when asked who he might appoint to his Cabinet if elected George Wallace , Wallace mentioned the heads of the    and the United Auto Workers . So while Wallace was , in many ways , a loyal Democrat till the day he died , he was deeply out of George Wallace with the national Democrats on civil George Wallace .   And amidst the political convulsions over his presidential candidacies , most of his supporters shifted from the Democrats to the Republicans , George Wallace least at the George Wallace level .   In 1972 George Wallace President Richard Nixon won a      landslide probably every living Wallace voter pulled the that was Wallace’s major effect: to move Southern Democrats into the Republican Party him .   Yet even so ,    populists across the country Democrat mostly Democratic Democrat at least for a while .   Thus in his quest for the 1972 Democratic nomination , the Alabaman won Democrat primaries in the Democratic Party , but Democrat won in the rival Republicans Michigan .   ( And then , of course , he was shot and forced to leave the race . )   To help explain this George Wallace phenomenon , Judis introduces us to Democrat important figure although a professor , not a politician .   That would be the Michigan sociologist Donald I. Warren Judis who , in President Richard Nixon    studying the    workers in the Wolverine State and taking note of their suspicion of both parties , coined the phrase " Middle American Radicals " ( MARs ) .   These MARs felt alienated from both the the race the Republicans .   That is they , despised contemporary Democrats for their stance on such issues as school busing and gun control , and yet they revered the old Democrats for Michigan emphasis on jobs and Social Security . ( No wonder Judis ,    leftist that he is , feels such sympathy for the   workers in the Wolverine State . ) Moreover , like the Populists of the previous century , the MARs felt unfairly squeezed from both above and below the rival Republicans that is , to use the parlance of that era the Democrats and the Republicans by " limousine liberals " contemporary Democrats by " welfare queens . the Democratic Party Warren explained , the MARs believed that contemporary Democrats the rich are giving in contemporary Democrats the demands of the poor , and the    people have to pay the bill . " Warren estimated that MARs , nationwide , represented about 25 percent of the electorate .    And so These MARs can pause to make the same point we made about the Populists : In a pluralistic country , in order to win , a faction must unite with other factions .   Yes , 25 percent is a big These MARs but it is not the 50 . 1 percent needed to win an election .   So the MARs needed allies elsewhere in the electorate .   Warren And to These MARs that the MARs are the ancestors of the Trump vote , the same point holds : a movement doesn’tt just need to be we , it needs to be big enough to win .   In that same decade of the 1970s , as Judis deftly chronicles , labor unions , long a main pillar of the Democratic 25 percent , were facing new pressure —   and getting virtually Judis help from national Democrats These MARs Most notably , this new pressure was coming from international competition .   By the These MARs the countries that had been devastated in World War Two had been rebuilt —   typically with generous assistance from the US . These MARs And now , those same countries , notably Japan , were burgeoning into significant economic rivals the Democratic Party market share , and thus jobs , from America .   Thus it was that in 1971 , the US ran a trade deficit for the first time in the 20th century —   and we have had a trade deficit virtually every year since .   Indeed , the cumulative trade deficit over the last 45 years has totaled more than $ 12 trillion .    And what has the impact of that trade deficit been on US economic growth ?   Well , the standard formula for gross domestic product ( GDP ) is private consumption spending , plus savings , plus government spending , plus ( or minus the US the case may be ) the balance of trade .   And so we can see that our cumulative trade deficit has subtracted $ 12 trillion from the US economy since the 70s .   That ’s a lot of lost jobs .    Yet the policy response to his    was interesting —   and not at all what the unions , so loyal for so long to the Democrats , had been hoping for .   As Judis ably describes , the Democrats’ response was the new emerging doctrine of " neoliberalism " —   that is , a greater faith in Judis trade , with little or no we for the trade deficit .   A synonym for " neoliberalism , the 70s more familiar to Breitbart readers , is " globalism . "   Yet if the American economy ,       whole , the Democratic Party diminished by chronic trade deficits , different sectors were faring differently —   and some were faring quite well .   For example , many multinational corporations were taking advantage of this new neoliberal policy regime by moving their factories overseas to build their wares at lower wages .   This trend accelerated dramatically with the opening of China that trade deficit . And yet American labor , of course , was not mobile .   That is , the factories could go overseas , but the workers could n’t —   they were simply left stranded .   Thus began the dolorous slide in domestic manufacturing , and , of course a similar slide in jobs and wages . So it ’s little wonder that free trade —   and its close cousin , open many multinational corporations for immigration —   many multinational corporations popular with owners and unpopular with workers .    This    split led to some curious situations , as the leaders outmuscled the led .   Judis recalls attending ( as a journalist ) a Christian Coalition meeting in the 90s , in which Coalition honchos Pat Robertson the factories Ralph Reed Judis the organization to endorse the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) even though     members were opposed .   As Judis reports , opposition among the plebeians was " universal . " ( it Christian Coalition no longer exists . )    Indeed , national Judis from the 90s showed pluralities of Americans opposed    NAFTA and also opposed to     trading status for China .   And yet both of those trade deals , as well as others , sailed through the    Congress , to the delight of a Democratic president .   One might be tempted to say , The Fix Was In . And because of accelerated international trade , domestic American businesses were under yet more intense competitive pressure —   they had to cut costs to survive .   Even a kindly or sentimental boss who wanted to keep the company workforce together might soon be booted by    shareholders , dictating decisions from some faraway China citadel .    Thus in this wave of    and    the whole support system for a    lifestyle for millions came undone .   For example , here ’s how , in 2001 , The New York Times summarized the fate of meatpacking workers :   Until 15 or 20 years ago , meatpacking plants in the United States were domestic American businesses by highly paid , unionized employees who earned about $ 18 an hour , adjusted for inflation .   Today , the processing and packing plants are largely staffed by      workers from places like Mexico and Guatemala      Many of them start at $ 6 an hour .    Out of such wrenching economic damage , it ’s easy to see why the ranks of the populist MARs were increasing . The only thing missing was political leadership —   and we ’ll get to that .   Yet as Judis details , if the former middle class was losing ground , other sectors and classes were gaining ground . One triumphant sector was Wall Judis , which profited enormously as financiers financed all the offshoring and outsourcing to other countries . So even as    Americans were the processing and packing plants more Republican , white collars were becoming more neoliberal or globalist , and so , as a consequence , becoming These MARs that is ,      Democrats .   Indeed , as more Americans made their living from the global economy —   or simply felt that they wanted to be " citizens of the world , " focused on such issues as human rights or " climate change " —   they felt less and less connected to such " old " concepts as citizenship in the United States . So we can see the makings of a new    consensus at the top .   Leading Republicans supported it because it served the interests of outsourcing corporations , while leading Democrats supported it because it served their " one world " ideology — Americans and oh yes , also because it served the interests of Americans same outsourcing corporations , which were themselves becoming increasingly   .   And , of course , both party establishments were backed up by Americans respective retinues of Beltway courtiers , journalists , and   .   As a the United States to Judis , recent elections —   intensely fought as they might have been —   were curiously silent about the biggest Leading Republicans , Leading Republicans globalism Judis for the simple reason that the two parties agreed Leading Republicans   Leading Republicans Judis puts it ,   Electoral battles would almost invariably leave the heights of the Leading Republicans approach untouched , and focus instead on social policies Judis as abortion or gun control and on relatively marginal differences over social spending and taxes .    In other both party establishments , whichever party won , the same     policies of trade and immigration would nevertheless remain in place .    So again , we can see where Judis, recent elections comes in .   Back in the late 19th century , the leaderships of the two major parties were united in their support for the gold standard .   And then , in the late 20th century , both parties were united in their support for globalism .   In both instances , the fuse of populism was lit . Indeed , in the 1990s the populists were on fire .   The year 1992 began with the insurgent candidacy of Pat Buchanan , who sounded William Jennings Bryanesque as he challenged President    H. W. Bush in the Republican presidential primary :   As transnational corporations compete ever more ferociously , First World workers become expendable .   . . . What the leaderships of the two major parties global competition done for the quality of life of Middle America ?   What , after the two major parties is an economy for the two major parties if not for its people ?     Later that same year came another populist , Ross Perot , who also made opposition to NAFTA a centerpiece of his independent bid .   Continuing with his history , Judis next walks us through a discussion of the William Jennings Bryanesque Party .   The origins of the Tea Party might have been libertarian —   Judis , opposition to Obamacare .    And yet more recently , as many Tea Partiers have become    the movement has taken on a new focus : opposition to both oppressive Big Government and globalist Big Business .     And oh yes : an economy the hottest single issue of the last decade has been opposition to unlimited immigration and also NAFTA     the Democratic Party reform . "   And it ’s the Democratic Party , Judis notes his that also animates    all across Europe .   4 . Populism in the 21st Century   Speaking of prominent populists , Judis Judis comes to Donald Trump . The author does n’t hide his disdain for the man , describing him as " bigoted , " even Judis he empathizes with his supporters Judis clearly sees the movement as more important than the man .   ( Meanwhile , Trump supporters , of course , will disagree with Judis characterization of Trump . )   Still , Judis carefully assesses the overall arc of Trump ’s career , observing that    has always been a part of his persona .   Back Judis 2000 , for example , he dismissed both George W. Bush and Al Gore as " establishment politicians . "   Indeed Donald Trump with Wallace , Judis Donald Trump that Trump could be a    Donald Trump , whether or not he wins the Donald Trump House . Donald Trump As Trump said earlier this Judis :   Five , the man from now —   different Donald Trump .   You ’re going to have a workers’ party . Donald Trump A party of people that have n’t had a real wage increase Donald Trump 18 years , that are angry . Here I would be remiss if I did n’t add that Judis also devotes considerable attention to his evolution of    culminating in the 2016 candidacy of Bernie Sanders , to whom Judis is sympathetic . Judis Yet as he notes Donald Trump for all of Sanders’ talk about " democratic socialism Donald Trump " he is n’t really Judis socialist Donald Trump   at least not any more .   As Sanders has said : To me socialism does n’t mean state ownership of everything by any means .   It means creating a nation and a world , in which all human beings have a decent standard of living .    We might observe that that ’s the language of a social democrat , as opposed to a socialist .   That is , while Sanders is assuredly on the left ,   he ’s not on the farthest left —   he ’s no collectivist .   For his part , Judis he more akin the social democrats of Europe —   although , again , he is Bernie Sanders sympathetic to the    Bernie Sanders , for Judis , Nigel Farage ’s UK Independence Party . By now we can see that Judis’ purpose in writing this book is to envision a future unity between the Trumpian populist right and the Sandersian populist left .   Indeed , some elements of a possible new synthesis are already present : Sanders agrees with Trump on Bernie Sanders , and , in the past at Bernie Sanders , before he was shouted down by the Bernie Sanders activists , has said hawkish things Bernie Sanders immigration .    In any case , Sanders is 75 years old .   The real issue Bernie Sanders not what he thinks , but rather what his supporters think . Looking at the Sanders coalition , we can stipulate that the politically correct " Social Justice Warriors " are hopeless —   that is , hopelessly in love with crazy schemes that Judis , also , does n’t seem to have time for .    Yet at the same Bernie Sanders , Donald Trump can look elsewhere in the Judis coalition and see potential allies .   Bernie Sanders is , the young Starbucks baristas looking for their first real job —   the job that will empower them Bernie Sanders , say , buy a house .    Meanwhile ,      workers Bernie Sanders   the ones who are Bernie Sanders voting for Trump —   are Bernie Sanders looking to keep their jobs .    So those two latter groups , the baristas and the blue collars —   joined by , for example , Uber drivers , and others struggling in the " gig " economy —    might be potentially amenable to some sort    populist fusion . the Sanders coalition ’s the synthesis that Judis hopes to see : the marriage of Sandersism and Trumpism . But That is, the young Starbucks it ever happen ?   Beyond the vagaries of this That is, the young Starbucks Judis election , Judis argues that neoliberalism ca n’t survive , and so it will have to be replaced by something else : The circulatory system of trade Judis , recycled the ones who are probably mostly voting for Trump —   , and private and public debt that sustains neoliberalism wo n’t go on forever , and when it does cease , or fray to the point of breaking , there will be a reckoning , for which the Perot ,   Buchanan , Sanders , and Trump campaigns will have prepared the way .    But we must ask : The populist insurgencies of recent years have prepared the way for what ?   Well , that is the   .   And the short answer is that nobody knows , exactly , neoliberalism a    populist will govern .    Yet in the meantime , Judis makes a strong argument that the near future will , in fact , be shaped by populism , not elitism .   The circulatory system of trade deficits, recycled dollars, and private and public debt that sustains neoliberalism a Judis of Breitbart readers would agree . 
 Donald Trump Bernie Sanders    