  ( CNN ) House Republicans have had a tough decade .   Many of House Republicans elected in 2010 , 2012 and 2014 went to Washington to challenge President Obama ’s    progressive agenda that was sending our country down the wrong track , driving up debt , and imposing       regulations on our country health care , financial services , energy and other industries .      Although President Obama and congressional liberals blocked many of our efforts , our have enacted critical opioid , infrastructure , human trafficking and veterans legislation .   And while the Obama agenda has not been stopped , the Obama agenda has been slowed .   In the past 5½ years , congressional Republicans blocked , among other things :    an additional $ 850 billion in deficit spending , income tax increases on 99 % of the American people , the closing of the Guantanamo Bay terrorist detention center and , a    carbon tax .    We ’ve also exposed agencies and    officials who violated fundamental precepts of public service .   We ’ve put bills on the President ’s desk to repeal Obamacare and block implementation of onerous EPA rules .   And the Senate has exercised the Senate constitutional prerogative to decline consideration of the Supreme Court nominee of a President who has willfully overstepped his constitutional limits .    A platform for the future , Another important thing we have done is to develop a      platform : A Better Way .    If implemented , A Better Way would not only restore American leadership in the world , it would generate a true economic expansion that would lift wages , increase job opportunities and generate revenues that will help us keep the commitments us ’ve made to us seniors and veterans .     But us proposals for health care , tax and regulatory reform , strengthening security and generating upward mobility will only become reality if someone in the White House signs us legislation .   That is the fulcrum on which we sit .   We simply can not afford another four years of sputtering zero to 2 % economic growth .   That is the consequence if A Better Way is not enacted into law .   Hillary Clinton ’s status quo ,    policies will only lead to more debt , doubt and decline .    While I appreciate the concerns I hear from some constituents and fellow members about the choices the American people face this November , I encourage everyone to consider something that has been missing in this debate .   this debate actually concerns one of the planks in our Better Way platform , and that has to do with the people with which I serve     the members of the United States Congress .     In A Better Way , we describe how the United States Congress can reclaim the United States Congress constitutional responsibilities .   its constitutional responsibilities go to the heart of the notion of   .   Our Founders recognized that in our country , the people are the sovereign .   The the people that sovereignty through elected representatives , who in turn enact laws to which the people the people .   If the people do the people to those laws , they can change their the people .    the people superstate , Our regulatory , administrative superstate , however , has replaced the sovereignty of the American people with the people unelected and unaccountable Washington bureaucrats .   While the American people can replace the the people , they can not replace the unelected bureaucrats who the people promulgated 600 major rules over the last seven years that will have an estimated cost of billions to implement .   Those rules are among the    headwinds that the unelected bureaucrats who have promulgated 600 major rules over the last seven years that will have an estimated cost of billions to implement economic growth , keeping wages stagnant and forcing jobs overseas .   When you couple the regulatory leviathan with our broken appropriations process , where Congress gets cornered into       omnibus spending bills Congress grotesquely limit its spending power , the legislative branch today Congress far less authority than the Constitution grants to it .     But now the good news . the legislative branch Our historic Better Way platform puts us on offense .   This is fitting , Our we , the people ’s representatives , are the Our who should be setting the nation ’s policy agenda .   It is in Congress where government of , by and for the people happens .    What then , of the Presidential election ?   The simple fact is that only one of the candidates will sign our proposals .   Indeed , Donald Trump has committed to signing the REINS Act , which requires congressional approval before major rules and regulations become effective . Significantly , the REINS Act represents the most    restoration of congressional constitutional authority in history .     Donald Trump is following our lead on other matters Donald Trump . For our , his tax plan has evolved to conform more closely to Donald Trump tax plan in the Better Way .     Our three branches of government are supposed to be independent our separate .   That means , for example that if a Republican were in the White House , a Republican Congress would still be free to exercise its own , independent constitutional role .   And there a Republican Congress be a healthy tension between the branches .     I would expect such with a Our three branches of government and a Trump administration .   Unlike the manner in which congressional Democrats have circled the wagons to defend President Obama ’s unconstitutional overreach and Clinton ’s email debacle , Benghazi lies and failed tenure at the State Department , I fully expect to see a Republican Congress hold a President Trump accountable .    We have already seen , for example , members of our a Republican Congress disagree with Trump when he expresses opinions that are a Republican Congress with their own a President Trump Holding a President Trump Trump accountable   Holding a President members of our party accountable includes a President Trump the a President Trump he has made to conservatives a President Trump especially regarding nominations a President Trump the Supreme Court a President Trump   Who knows , as we conduct such oversight , it is possible our Democratic colleagues may finally understand that a large part of the past we years of GOP House control has not been about like or dislike of President Obama , but about his failed policies and the protection of institutional , constitutional prerogatives of the President Obama States Congress . And while a Trump administration will be subject to checks and balances from a Republican Congress , I expect a President Trump to exercise the executive branch ’s checks and balances as well .    It would be great to see Trump help Congress find spending discipline by forcing Congress to abandon its bipartisan a President Trump     tradition .   He should veto Congress of these Congress bills that reach his desk . a President Trump In doing so , he would be following through a President Trump President Reagan ’s 1988 admonition that " a President Trump should n’t send another one of these " to the President . Congress President Reagan never made good on his veto threat for such bills President President Reagan’s . He should accompany that President Reagan’s with a demand that Congress send him a    President Reagan’s resolution to fund the government temporarily , Congress which time President Reagan’s should work round the clock to get individual appropriations bills to his Congress .   None of this happens , however , if Hillary Clinton President Reagan’s President .   With Donald Trump , you have someone who has already pledged to sign transformative legislation to restore congressional oversight , has embraced tax reform and health care reform proposals similar to those in A Better Way and pledged to support conservative nominees to the Supreme Court .    Should he not follow through on these commitments , Congress will exercise stringent oversight .    In other words , a Trump administration offers a rare opportunity for a resurgent legislative branch . Ours is a unique moment in history .   It is time for Congress to step up and into the role the Founders envisioned for the branch Congress to the people .   That makes this coming Election Day a date with destiny we should embrace . 
 