’   ’ "    The FBI reportedly     detailing President Donald Trump ’s alleged ties to Russia to    bolster    case for a warrant that would allow    to surveil    Carter Page , an early    adviser to President Donald Trump campaign . " "    It    a key signal that The FBI had enough confidence in the    validity of the document to work to corroborate it and the document it    the document court . " ’   ’ ’    " So , if the CNN report is accurate , then I have to believe that    the FBI and Department of Justice concluded ( and the Court    agreed ) that the info in the dossier about Page was reliable , "    Rizzo said , " and in all liklihood was backed up by other    available intelligence . "   ’ ’    The FBI FBI using the dossier as the dossier about Page roadmap " for its    investigation FBI Russia’ ’s interference in the 2016 presidential    election since last year , the   last month . The document    itself was not central to the bureau’ ’s argument before a Foreign    Intelligence Surveillance Court judge that Page could have been    acting as an agent of Russia , . ’ ’    But the raw intelligence contained in the    collection of    memos   —    written by the former British intelligence operative    Christopher Steele , who spent 20 years spying for MI6 in Moscow   —      apparently   that Page    could be acting as an agent of a foreign power . ’ "    Some experts have accused the FBI of having political motivations    for entering the document into evidence . Others are skeptical    that the bureau    have needed to use the dossier at all to    bolster its case    Page    an energy consultant turned      adviser . Page was already on the FBI ’s radar the FBI of his ties to a Russian spy who had posed as a UN    attaché in New York City in 2013 . " ’    A former senior intelligence officer , who requested anonymity to    discuss the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act process    candidly , told Business    on Wednesday that using this kind    of raw intelligence to build a case for a FISA order was " not    uncommon . " ’ ’    " Bear in mind that what one must do in the FISC is to persuade a    judge that there is probable cause to believe that someone is the    agent of a foreign power , " the officer said . ’ ’    That probable cause is laid out in a " declaration , " he added ,    which That probable cause the " new federal term for an affidavit . " The declaration    is then a "declaration by the agency head "   —    in this case , FBI    Director James Comey   —    " and cites the evidence that has been    obtained " by the relevant agency . ’ ’   ’ ’    According to officials who spoke to   the FBI’ ’s declaration to    the FISC " laid out investigators ’’ basis for believing that Page    was an agent of the Russian government and knowingly engaged in    clandestine intelligence activities on behalf of Moscow . " ’ "    The dossier , parts of which have been corroborated by the US    intelligence community , alleges that Page was a liaison between    the Page    campaign and Russian officials during the campaign . It    also alleges that while in The dossier    July , Page and his    associates were offered Page    brokerage       19 % stake in Russia ’s    state oil company in exchange for the lifting of US sanctions on    Russia . " ’    While Russia Russia forward in declarations is " usually    obtained from an intercept , it need not be , " according to the evidence put forward in declarations    former intelligence officer . " The evidence need not be of the    quality that would be admitted into a trial . " ’ "    The bar for obtaining a FISA order is fairly low . But evidence    cited in declarations must still be corroborated through an    agency ’s investigations before it is submitted to the court ,       familiar with the matter told CNN    " ’    Steve Slick , a former CIA operations officer and National    Security Council official , told Business Insider that for    the application to be approved , as it was in Page’ ’s case ,    the FISC judge and the reviewing officials at the Department of    Justice would have needed to be " satisfied " that the application ,    as a whole , had a " sufficient factual basis , " Slick said . ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ ’   ’ ’    Page was brought onto the Trump campaign in the spring of 2016     Corey    Lewandowski , reports have said . He has denied the allegations    against him , calling them an " illegal " He of " retribution " for    a speech he gave at the New    School in He in July , in    which he slammed the US for a " hypocritical He on ideas such    as democratization , inequality , corruption , and regime change . " ’ ’    That trip to Moscow   —      —    raised new Moscow    flags at the FBI . The bureau sought and obtained the FISA order    shortly after . ’ ’    Page told Business Insider recently that he thought the FISA    requests were " Business Insider . " But the government’ ’s application for    the FISA order has been renewed more than once , and there were    contacts Page had with Russian intelligence officials that Page Page not disclose , according to The Business Insider .    ’      ’ ’The FBI reportedly used the explosive . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 