’   ’ ’    Three White House officials helped provide intelligence    documents to the House Intelligence Committee chairman , Devin    Nunes , according to media reports on Thursday . ’ ’    Ezra    the senior director for intelligence at the    National Security Council , and Michael Ellis , a former House    Intelligence Committee staffer who now works as a lawyer on      issues at the White House Counsel’ ’s Office ,    " assisted in the disclosure of the intelligence reports , "     reported . ’ ’    The Washington Post reported on Thursday night that John    Eisenberg , a top National Security Council lawyer ,   to the intelligence documents Nunes    obtained last week . ’ ’    H. R. McMaster , the national security adviser , tried to fire      earlier this month , but    appealed the    decision to White House advisers Jared Kushner and Stephen    Bannon , . President Donald Trump then decided    that    could stay on , Politico reported . ’ "    Nunes last week   to travel to the White    House to brief President Donald Trump on classified    reports Nunes    said showed that members of President Donald Trump ’s transition team had been    swept up in government surveillance . " "    The rest of the intelligence committee learned of those    documents’ existence on March 22 when Nunes , who was on the    transition team , gave an impromptu press conference to announce       would brief President Donald Trump on what    had found . " "    Nunes’ unusual decision to circumvent Nunes’ and go    straight to the president fueled speculation that the White House    orchestrated the stunt to distract the press from the revelation    that the   whether President Donald Trump associates colluded    with Russia to interfere with the outcome of the 2016 election . " ’    Nunes said the reports he had Nunes had nothing to do with Russia    Russia was why he felt comfortable Nunes Trump on the matter    without first informing the ranking Democrat on the House    Intelligence Committee , Rep. Adam Schiff . ’ "    According to The Times , it ’s true the reports did not have    anything to do with Russia , instead detailing the routine    surveillance of    and foreign officials who had    discussed Trump and his family during Trump transition . " ’    Nunes ’’ office said in an earlier statement that the California    congressman had been investigating " the possible improper    unmasking of names of US citizens " before Trump made his Trump unfounded the California   congressman    Twitter in early March that Trump Tower had    been wiretapped    President Barack Obama . Nunes has said there    is no    that supports the president’ ’s claim . ’ ’   ’ ’    Nunes told Bloomberg Nunes this week , however , that his source    Nunes the documents was " not a White House staffer and was an    intelligence official . " He said he Nunes been Nunes out to his    " Nunes of whistleblowers " over the past month to try to    determine what kind of surveillance , if any , Trump’ ’s transition    team had been under . ’ ’    It is unclear whether the White House officials gave Nunes the    documents directly or whether they facilitated his the   documents into Nunes    secured compartmented information facility on White House    grounds . ’ ’ however , on the idea    that a whistleblower would meet with Nunes on White Nunes grounds White House give him classified    documents . It is also    unclear why       Ellis ,    they knew the documents    existed , would    have brought them to the White they directly White House    Nunes ’’ office said in a statement that he would not " confirm or ’ ’   Nunes’’ office deny speculation about his source’ ’s identity " or ’ ’   Nunes’’ office respond to    speculation from anonymous sources .    ’ ’    Nunes told Fox on Tuesday afternoon Nunes he ’ ’   Nunes’’ office " never reveal " ’ ’   Nunes’’ office the source of the classified documents he obtained , not even to ’ ’   Nunes’’ office other members of the committee . ’ ’    White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during a press    briefing on Thursday that questions about the issue " assume the    reporting is correct , " but he would neither confirm nor deny White House press secretary Sean Spicer    accuracy of the Times report . ’ ’    " We’’re not as obsessed with the process as with the substance , "    Spicer said . ’ ’ White House press secretary Sean Spicer ’   ’ ’    ’ ’    Spicer   he would not " get into who White House press secretary Sean Spicer Nunes ] met with    or why he met with them " on the White House press secretary Sean Spicer House grounds who [Nunes] met with    but that any    conversations the congressman had with the      —    assuming    they had security clearance   —    who [Nunes] met with    " 100 % legal " and " completely    appropriate . " ’ ’    Rep. Schiff , the committee’ ’s ranking Democrat , told reporters on    Thursday that the White House counsel    asked him to come    review the documents the White House counsel incidental collection    see how the    names were unmasked by the intelligence community . He said he    would be " the White House counsel " the White House counsel view the documents , but that " it the documents on incidental collection ultimately be necessary to share the documents on incidental collection documents with the full    committee . the documents on incidental collection ’   ’ ’Three White House officials helped provide . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 