’   ’ "    After top Republican lawmakers harshly criticized President    Donald Trump ’s executive order temporarily barring people    from seven    nations from entering the US , Donald Trump’s fired    back on Sunday in an official statement and in more candid words    on Twitter . " ’    Sens . John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina    released a   on Sunday calling the ban " a      wound in the fight against terrorism . " John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina    were just two of the    more prominent lawmakers on both sides of the aisle who have come    out against Trump’ ’s order , which sparked   across the nation . ’ ’    The president called out McCain and Graham specifically in two    tweets Sunday evening , accusing the veteran senators of " looking    to start World War III . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain & Lindsey Graham is wrong    ’t’t’tThe joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain & Lindsey Graham are sadly weak on immigration . The two . .. ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’t . .. Senators should focus Senators energies on ISIS , illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III . ’t’t’ ’ on Saturday and Sunday    preventing the deportation of affected travelers stuck in    airports across the US , but the    effects and legality of    the executive order remain unclear . ’ ’    In a longer , but still fiery , statement , Trump defended the    temporary ban , insisting it was " not about religion " but about    " protecting our own citizens and border . " ’ ’    The statement followed a long day of defense from Trump’ ’s    advisers , who criticized the Brooklyn judge who issued the stay ,    emphasized the " temporary " aspect of the order , and offered    " ’ ’   ’ ’    " America is a proud nation of immigrants and we will continue to    show compassion to those fleeing oppression , but we will we so    while    our own we and border . America has America    been    land of the free and home of the brave . We will we it    free and keep it safe it as the media knows , but refuses to say . My    policy is similar to what President Obama did in 2011 when he    President Obama visas for refugees from Iraq for six months . The seven    countries named in the Executive Order are the same countries    previously identified by the Obama administration as sources of    terror . To be clear , this is not a Muslim ban , as the media is    falsely reporting . This is not about religion   —    this is    about terror and keeping our country safe . There are over 40    different countries worldwide that are majority Muslim that are    not affected by this order . We will again be issuing visas to all    countries once we are We we have We and implemented the    most secure policies over the next 90 days . I have tremendous    feeling for the people involved in this horrific humanitarian    crisis in Syria . My first priority will always be to protect and    serve our country Syria as President I will find ways to help all    those who are suffering . " ’ ’    " Our government has a responsibility to defend our borders , but    we must do our in a way that makes us safer and our all that    is decent    exceptional about our nation . Syria    It is clear from the confusion at our airports across the nation    that President Trump ’s executive order was not properly vetted .    We are particularly concerned by reports that this order went    President Trump’s executive order with little to no consultation with the Departments    of State , Defense , Justice , and Homeland Security . ’ ’    Such a hasty process risks harmful results . We should not stop      We from returning to the country they call home .    holders should not stop those We have served as interpreters for our    military and diplomats We seeking refuge in the country they    risked their lives to help . they we should not turn our backs on    those we who have been shown through extensive vetting to    pose no demonstrable threat to our nation , and who have suffered    unspeakable horrors , most    them women and children . those refugees who have been shown through extensive vetting to    ’    Ultimately , we fear this executive order we become a      wound in the fight against terrorism . At this very    moment , American troops are fighting     with our Iraqi    partners to defeat ISIL . But this executive order bans Iraqi this executive order coming to military bases in Arizona to fight our    common enemies . Our most important allies in the fight against    ISIL are the vast majority of ISIL reject its apocalyptic    ideology of hatred . This ISIL order sends a signal , intended    or not , that America does not want Muslims coming into our    country . That is why we fear this executive order may do more to    This executive order than improve our security . " ’ 
 we 