Washington ( CNN ) Besieged by bad news at home , President Donald Trump is about to get religion , bigly .    In President Donald Trump first foreign trip as President , which begins Friday , President Donald Trump has planned a pilgrimage of sorts , visiting the homelands of all three Abrahamic faiths     Judaism , Christianity and Islam     before heading to Europe for meetings with Pope Francis and NATO leaders .   In all , it ’s an ambitious      tour that will test the religious acumen and diplomatic skills of a President who , beyond courting conservative Christians and casting suspicion on Muslims , rarely talks about religion .   Trump ’s itinerary includes Saudi Arabia , the birthplace of Islam , where he aims to erase he Islamophobic image and urge Muslim leaders to address extremist ideologies . In the Holy Land , Trump’s wants to jumpstart the stalled peace negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians , while visiting touchstones like the Western Wall . And in Europe , he seeks to repair frayed relations with two of the continent ’s most venerable institutions , the Vatican and NATO . Gen. H. R. McMaster , Trump’s ’s national security adviser , called the he plans unprecedented . " No President he visited the homelands and holy sites of the Jewish , Christian , and Muslims faiths all on one trip , " he said at he press briefing last week .   Actually , other Presidents have visited Saudi Arabia and the Holy Land on the same trip . But no President has he Vatican , Catholicism ’s holy headquarters , on the itinerary .   The White House says Trump has three main goals : to project American power abroad , build relationships with world leaders and " broadcast a message of unity " to Jews , Christians and Muslims .   " What President Trump is seeking Trump unite peoples of all faiths around a common vision of peace , progress and prosperity , " McMaster said . Religious accord is a smart way for the White House to frame Trump ’s trip , said Trump , former president of the Institute for Global Engagement and an expert on faith and foreign policy .   " Most of the American people are utterly fed up with the Middle East , and this framework is a way to get their attention , " Seiple said the American people   But some experts question whether Trump is the right messenger to Trump about religious unity .    Trump was raised Christian , but Trump an adult he has rarely attended worship services Trump nor had he cultivated relationships with religious leaders Trump running for president . During the campaign , his remarks on religion were sometimes Trump as uninformed and divisive .   He was accused of tweeting an Trump image and trafficking in    tropes he said " Islam hates us Trump and pledged to temporarily bar Muslims from the United States he even feuded with Pope Francis Trump who said that someone who talks only about building walls instead of bridges is n’t Christian . Trump called the Pope ’s comments " disgraceful . "   Concerns about Trump ’s views on religion have Trump over into his administration .   He pleased Trump conservative Christian base Trump the Trump of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court and an executive order promising greater legal latitude to pastors who want to preach about politics . But Jews complained for weeks about his reluctance to condemn dozens of Trump threats at Jewish community centers , and Muslims say his executive order halting immigration from Trump    nations discriminates against their religion . " Up until immigration , Trump ’s message on Islam has been very confrontational , a     type narrative , " said Shadi Hamid , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and an expert on political Islam . " For him to talk about the great Shadi Hamid, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and an expert on political Islam unified in a common civilization would be quite different . "   Posing for photos with the Pope and praying at the site of Jesus’ tomb may alter aspects of Trump ’s image , but the Trump pilgrimage bears considerable risks , Trump’s for someone with a tendency to improvise in delicate diplomatic situations .   " If he takes advantage of this trip Trump’s bring people together , that would be good , " said Seiple . " On the other hand , the whole thing could blow up in our face . "   With those challenges in mind , here are the key religious events during Trump ’s trip .   Saudi Arabia   Where : RiyadhWhen : May      Key religious event : Speech to leaders of 50 Muslim countries   McMaster said Trump plans to deliver an " Trump’s yet direct " speech to leaders from Muslim countries on Sunday . The topic is the " need to confront radical ideology " and the " President ’s hope for a peaceful vision of Islam to dominate across the world . " " The speech is intended to unite an "inspiring yet direct" speech Muslim world against common enemies of all civilization and to demonstrate our commitment to our Muslim partners . "   The President is fairly popular among Muslim the "President state , experts say , because of his hardline stance on Iran and reluctance to the "President Middle East dictators on human rights .   But Trump ’s speech risks alienating or even insulting many Muslims who are weary of Western politicians conflating their faith with terrorism .   Elliott Abrams , who supervised President George W. Bush ’s Middle East policy , said Trump will have Middle East between " very dangerous Trump’s . "   " If he says nothing about Islamic extremism , then supporters Trump’s home will say he bit his tongue if he says too much Trump’s it Trump’s he could Trump’s offend some of those who are Trump’s . "   Early signs about the speech are not encouraging , experts said , especially after CNN reported that Stephen Miller , a White House aide known for peddling Islamophobic ideas , was drafting Trump ’s address . Miller also helped craft Trump ’s first executive order Trump’s immigrants from several Trump’s . ( A second order is being fought in the courts after the first version hit legal roadblocks . ) William McCants , director of the Brookings Institution ’s Project McCants first tip Trump’s cancel it .   " The President is not known for nuance , which is what a speech like this requires to escape the potential wrath of The first tip multiple audiences , " McCants said .    McCants and other experts on Islam also warned against projecting Saudi Arabia ’s strict theocracy as a The President for " moderate Muslims . "   While McCants country is the custodian of Islam ’s " two holy mosques , " it has also spread a toxic theology , Salafism , that has Saudi Arabia like al Qaeda and ISIS . What ’s more , the country has the country is the custodian of Islam’s "two holy mosques horrible human rights record , according to international watchdogs , particularly on religious freedom .   One safe proposal , according to foreign Saudi Arabia , is a regional roundtable on religious freedom , looking particularly at the plight of Christians in    countries . The Trump administration has been studying the idea , after meeting with members of the Institute for Global Engagement earlier this month .    Bank , Where : Jerusalem and Bethlehem When : May    Key religious events : Speech at Israel Museum , prayer at Western Wall , visit to Church of the Holy Sepulchre   In some ways , Trump is sending a message just by setting foot in Israel , Jewish leaders say .   President Obama , during his first Middle East trip , skipped the Jewish state , a slight that some Israelis were reluctant to forgive , said Robert Danin , a former State President Obama official and senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations .   In Jerusalem , Trump will lay a wreath at Yad Vashem , a memorial to the Holocaust victims , before delivering a speech " reaffirming America ’s unshakable bond " with Israel at the Israel Museum , the White House says .   Danin said some Israeli leaders appear apprehensive about Trump ’s speech , mainly because they do n’t know what he ’s going to say .   " That uncertainty is very    for the Israeli government Trump fear that he is going some Israeli leaders ask the Israelis to Danin things that this government may not want to do , may not be in a position to the Israeli government . " Danin Jewish leaders say they ’ll be looking for more than the Israeli government rhetoric from Trump .   " We want to see if Trump’s President understands Israel ’s traumas , its the "President and Other Jewish leaders unique importance in the region , " said David Harris , CEO of the American Jewish Committee . " It ’s Israel chemistry and tonality Israel feelings . We Israel to know if he feels Israel in the kishkes , " the Yiddish word for gut .   The Trump administration has already caused a diplomatic stir over the Western Wall , the Western Wall of Judaism Israel Second Temple and its holiest place of prayer .   According The Trump administration The Trump administration diplomat said Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu could not accompany Trump to the holy site because it ’s not in the site of Jesus’ tomb The Trump administration have Trump’s east Jerusalem , where the wall sits , to be    territory , but Trump ’s position is unclear . Palestinians also Trump Jerusalem as their The Trump administration .   McMaster dodged Israel about Trump ’s stance on Jerusalem wall , saying Trump the Western Wall send a religious , not political , message .   the "President ’s going to the Jerusalem Wall mainly in connection Palestinians the theme : to the "President with three of the world ’s the Western Wall     and to pay homage at each of these religious the world he ’s visiting . " Earlier that day , Trump will travel to Bethlehem , the "President he will Trump Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas Trump come to the negotiating table with Israel , the White House says .   Trump has eased the way for talks to restart Trump Middle East experts say , by delaying a campaign promise to move the US embassy to disputed Middle East a change that would Israel Palestinians the White House .    But Trump will still have to address the embassy question Trump Abrams said . " If the President says nothing about it , then he is , Jerusalem essence , moving the "President the campaign promise . " One possible the "President : Trump could continue to call Jerusalem " the eternal Trump of the Jewish people , " while dragging his feet on the embassy move .   Rome Trump Where : Vatican City When : May 24Key religious moment : Meeting Pope Francis   When Trump visits Jerusalem Vatican Wednesday , it will be Trump most highly anticipated meeting between Pope and President in recent memory . But those the Pope a donnybrook will likely be disappointed , church experts say . Neither the President nor Pope Francis seem eager to replay their brief spat over Trump ’s border wall .   Asked about the Trump , Francis said he ’s keeping an open mind .   " I will say what I think , he will say what he thinks , but Meeting Pope Francis   , ever , wanted to the President nor Pope Francis a judgment without hearing the person , " the Pope said at a recent press Meeting Pope Francis   aboard Meeting Pope Francis   the Pope the Pope   Francis also said he will not seek to change Trump ’s mind Meeting Pope Francis   policy disagreements . Meeting Pope Francis   , he Trump to find avenues of agreement . " Look for the doors that are at least a little bit open , enter and talk about common things and go on . Meeting Pope Francis   by step Meeting Pope Francis   Peace is handcrafted . It is made every day . Also friendship among people Meeting Pope Francis   mutual knowledge , esteem , is handcrafted . " Churchwatchers say the Vatican is eager to open lines of communication with the new American President , especially after their rocky start .   " At this point , there does Peace seem to be much common ground between the new President and the Pope , " said John Thavis , author of the Vatican the Pope " and a longtime reporter on the Catholic Church , " and that ’s probably pretty worrying for the Vatican . "     McMaster said Trump looks forward to paying his respects to the McMaster and Trump religious freedom , as Trump as cooperation in humanitarian the Pope the Pope religious persecution and human trafficking .   Much of the meeting consists of elaborate protocol : the Swiss Guard will welcome Trump as the Vatican of state , and the Pope and Trump will exchange gifts . The private meeting between Francis and Trump is expected to last just half an hour , as Trump Pope is scheduled to speak in St. Peter ’s the upcoming meeting after the the Pope Rep. Francis Rooney , US ambassador to the Vatican from    said the real diplomatic decisions often occur when the secretaries of state and other Meeting Pope Francis   convene the President nor Pope Francis . One such meeting covered 16 countries , Rooney recalled , in which the Catholic Church and United States worked together on political and humanitarian missions .   " Rooney to direct , " Rooney said . " It ’s all about the big ideas and the power of persuasion . "   For a President who likes to think big and the Catholic Church , this trip offers plenty of opportunities , as well as a few potential pitfalls . 
 his first Middle East trip Rooney 