A new poll from Morning Consult Intelligence has revealed that U. S. Republican candidate Donald Trump has closed the gap between U. S. Republican candidate Donald Trump and Democrat hopeful Hillary Clinton , being just 3 points behind in data released on Sunday morning . [ According to the intelligence and campaigns firm , 43 per cent of registered voters say the intelligence and campaigns firm will vote for Hillary Clinton , while 40 per cent claim they the intelligence and campaigns firm opt for Mr. Trump .   " The matchup has n’t been this close since late July , when Morning Consult ’s poll showed a    Clinton Hillary Clinton over Trump , 43 percent to 40 percent . " The site notes : Both presidential candidates are still highly unpopular , with 58 percent of voters saying they Both presidential candidates an unfavorable view of Trump Mr. Trump 57 percent saying the same about Clinton Hillary Clinton The poll results come after Clinton Hillary Clinton her Hillary Clinton direct speech thus far attacking Trump Mr. Trump his Hillary Clinton rhetoric , while the GOP nominee continued his the GOP nominee to woo black and Hispanic voters . Trump Mr. Trump also floated new ideas about allowing immigrants who are illegally residing in the United States to stay in the country , an attempt to soften the real estate mogul ’s harsh immigration rhetoric . But the mixed signals from the Trump Trump’s campaign winning over immigration advocates . Clinton has also faced questions about her ties to the Clinton Foundation while she was secretary of Clinton . Trump ’s Mr. Trump to African American voters appears to be falling flat among that demographic , with only 5 percent of black voters saying they will vote for black voters 79 percent of African American respondents say they will vote for black voters , with 16 percent undecided . Trump also Mr. Trump trails Clinton among women voters Clinton —    44 percent to 35 percent   —    with 21 percent saying they do n’t know or have no opinion . Independents remain stubbornly divided in three camps : 35 percent say they will vote for Independents 34 percent prefer Clinton and 31 percent are undecided . Trump ’s Mr. Trump on Clinton tighten to within Clinton margin of error when accounting for other presidential candidates . In that matchup , Clinton leads Trump by Clinton 2 points , 39 percent to 37 percent . The margin of error in the 2 , 007 registered voter poll is +    2 per cent , and it also Mr. Trump Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson Mr. Johnson digits . Mr. Johnson is at 8 percent while Ms. Stein is low on 3 per cent . 
 Green candidate Jill Stein 