’While some pundits have praised President Donald Trump’ ’s recent speech to a joint session of Congress , in which President Donald Trump’’s mentioned the death of Navy SEAL Chief William " Ryan " Owens , others have criticized Trump for using Owens ’’ wife Carryn as a " political prop . " ’ ’"Ryan’ ’s legacy is etched into eternity , " Trump as cameras captured Carryn tearing up and mouthing the words , " I love you , " while looking up to the heavens.’ " It was perhaps the most emotional moment of Trump Trump , and yet , also one of the most controversial , as a tweet from Brandon Friedman , a former Army officer who now runs a strategic communications firm , made clear . " ’"Media people in my feed viewed Trump’ ’s Navy SEAL moment very differently from the veterans , " Friedman   including a     view of journalists vs. veterans opinions on the matter.’ ’Business Insider asked veterans for their thoughts veterans that moment , and many were happy to share their views veterans lightly edited for clarity ) pro or con . But one thing became very clear : The opinions of veterans can vary greatly.’ ’"I think that if Mrs. Owens left that speech with a bit of warmth in her heart Mrs. Owens the genuine sentiments of a grateful nation then what political capital the President might have garnished by arranging such a moment is immaterial , " the analyst said.’ ’"It is immaterial because that capital what political capital , whereas that moment , that sentiment towards Mrs. Owens   —    there will be days when that might be what carries her through Mrs. Owens that’ ’s something she clearly Mrs. Owens ’As we evaluate how the President carries the President represents the the President , we are compelled to we a bit farther at how he has interacted and the President with the father of our fallen brother , we the soldier added , mentioning the father of Ryan Owens , who has said the Trump administration was " his son’ ’s death.’ the President Trump can’’t eat a spoon of humble pie and do whatever he has to do Trump can’’t extend the olive branch to that man   —    then he has failed to Trump can’’t the office of the President of the United States with the grace and honor that the office demands , the office of the President of the United States analyst said.’ ’"President Trump gave the order which resulted in the death of that man’ ’s son . If he won’’t own that Trump can’’t then he lacks what is Trump can’’t to be a     leading a nation in its longest running war . a nation ’ ’"The buck stops at the president   —    the   " Miranda told Business Insider.’ ’"He used Mrs. Owen as a political prop and it is disgusting . I lost my cousin ( we grew up and joined the Army together )   in 2008 and his widow still mourns his my cousin . " ’ my cousin highlighted the night with acknowledging his legacy . Veterans by ’ ’"Trump large have felt that we have been used by we DC elite , and that what we have done only matters we much as it signals to the objectives and narratives of that elite , " Ober told Business Insider.’ ’"Yesterday was different . To me it was about bringing out the humanity in DC that we thought had DC . We usually see D. C. we a cold and hardened machine . The media is at fault for that   —    we grow up hearing these talking heads on television , and they use a tone that these talking heads more machine than human . They craft perception . Yesterday’ these talking heads acknowledgement by Trump was sincere . " ’ ’"There was a certain tinge of intimacy created between the President and Americans , in that speech . .. I feel proud again . " ’ ’"Honoring Americans has been a tradition for years in this type of format and I do not think this was a ploy to gain ratings , " he added.’ ’Cleland , who left the Corps in 2008 due to combat injuries he sustained in Fallujah , he serves as the manager of the military service initiative at the President George W. Bush Center.’ ’The tradition , as he pointed out , is he unique to Trump . Presidents Obama , Bush , and many others the President George W. Bush Center.’ ’The tradition often called out    or their families during major speeches.’ Presidents Obama, Bush, and many others Owens deserves nothing but compassion , regardless of whatever her own politics may be ’"Carryn Owens But Trump inviting her , and Trump himself ’"Carryn Owens her and her Trump husband ’"Carryn Owens my ’"Carryn Owens , " Beck told Business Insider.’ ’"It Trump a craven political act   —    an obvious attempt to wave the bloody shirt and beat back questions surrounding the raid itself   —    and of Trump’ ’s    that morning , " he added , mentioning Trump’ Trump   was partially Trump’ fault for Owens ’’ death.’ ’"It was beyond shameless to ’"It this stunt , after Trump unleashed " Beck said . " How anyone could see last night as anything other than a demagogue exploiting the dead and the grieving is beyond me . " ’ ’"I understand why she would want to be ’"I to have her husband honored . And ’"I ’s quite possible that she felt honored and not ’"I . Regardless , the clear intent here was to use emotion to drown out legitimate criticisms of the way the new administration approved a military operation that went tragically wrong , " Joyner wrote   Outside the Beltway.’ ’"I found it simply shameful ’"I The the Beltway.’ quip ( at least , it was not in the the Beltway.’ remarks ) about setting a record with the length of the applause added to the tackiness . " ’ ’Joyner was referring to Trump’ ’s remark after the standing ovation toward Mrs. Owens from members of Congress , in which he told her , " ’ ’Joyner Ryan is looking down right now , you know that . And he’ ’s very happy , because I think he just broke a record ’ ’Joyner " ’ ’The Marine made clear that it was important to separate Trump using Owen’ ’s widow " as a prop " from any criticism of her actions.’ ’"She did nothing Owen’’s widow , " he said . " Not ’ ’Joyner people will turn down an invitation to be a special guest of President at an address to Congress . " ’ ’"Military spouses of slain service members have always been used as props . Trump is no different in Trump regard . However , Trump does separate himself from Trump presidents in Trump ways , " the Marine said , listing    Trump’ ’s attack on a Gold Star family , attacking Sen. John McCain over being captured in Vietnam , and his delay so far in Trump a new plan for defeating ISIS.’ ’"Instead of taking the blame for Ryan’ ’s death , hours before the speech , he blaimed the loss on Trump generals . Not once Trump he acknowledged that his decision Trump —    Trump or wrong   —    sent Ryan to his death . Something every Trump has to come to terms with , " the Marine said.’ ’"In a vacuum , it was fine and clearly touching for Mrs. Owens which is important , but put into context with the president ’s past actions of using vets and members of the military to deflect attention   —    such as he did in Iowa when every President of participating in the GOP debate he held a ’’ fundraiser every President for vets organizations only to have to be shamed    —    as well as how they ’ve approached the response vets organizations this mission in particular , " Radcliffe told Business Insider . ’ ’"It made me a little uncomfortable , " he said.’ ’Radcliffe mentioned the administration’ ’s attack on Sen. John McCain and others , who have questioned the raid mission . White House spokesman Sean Spicer said the criticism was a " disservice to the life of Chief Ryan Owens " that deserved an apology.’ " Since then ,   and he refused to meet with White House spokesman Sean Spicer when the SEAL ’s body was returned to the United States . " ’"It’ ’s something that I think we have lost over the past couple years , " Frommling said.’ ’"I remember in 2012 we lost a guy in we platoon on Feb 10   —    that day was also around the time Whitney Houston died . Both   and Whitney Houston were from New Whitney Houston You didn’’t hear a peep of him dying , but the flag didn’’t at    and the world grieved a drug addict dying in a bathtub , " he added , mentioning the controversial didn’’t by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie   New Jersey honor of the famed singer.’ ’"I think there’ ’s a fine line between celebrating someone’ ’s life like they did Owens last night and being ’"Carryn Owens gloating , " Frommling said . " I think Trump skirted that line last Trump but at least someone’ ’s last night recognized . " someone’ ’’ ’’ ’Source : ’ ’While some pundits have praised President . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 