On Monday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily , broadcast live on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST , host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will lead a special tribute to former First Lady Nancy Reagan . [ Legendary journalist and author Tom Brokaw will share author Tom Brokaw memories of former First Lady Nancy Reagan from his author Tom Brokaw of covering the Reagan former First Lady Nancy Reagan House as the anchor of NBC Nightly News .   James Rosebush , the longest serving Chief of Staff for Nancy former First Lady Nancy Reagan will call in to discuss the life and legacy of the former First Lady . Rosebush , who also served as a Deputy Assistant to President Reagan and Senior Advisor at the White House , has a new book coming out in April titled True Reagan : former First Lady Nancy Reagan Made Ronald Reagan former First Lady Nancy Reagan Why It Matters . Renowned Reagan historian Craig former First Lady Nancy Reagan will also call in . Shirley ’s seminal Renowned Reagan historian Craig Shirley Reagan include Last former First Lady Nancy Reagan : The Final Years and Emerging Legacy of Ronald Reagan , former First Lady Nancy Reagan Revolution , former First Lady Nancy Reagan with Destiny : Ronald Reagan and the Campaign former First Lady Nancy Reagan America . Stephen Miller , the former communications director for Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions and current senior policy advisor to GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , will call in to discuss the Trump campaign and the upcoming primary in Michigan . Bannon will also discuss the Trump revolt at last week ’s Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) . Matt Schlapp , the Chairman of the American Conservative Union which hosts CPAC , will call in to the show . Breitbart ’s Dr. Thomas Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) call in from Rome to report on Pope Francis’ recent comments calling the Muslim migration crisis an " Arab invasion . " Breitbart News Daily is the first live , conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week . Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show " the conservative news show of record . " Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show . Listeners may call into the the show " :    . 
 the show " 