Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 Republican National Convention .   * * * LISTEN Breitbart NEWS ’S LIVE COVERAGE OF THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION HERE . * * * Call in :    . Today ’s theme is " Make America Work Again , " and featured speakers will include UFC President Dana White , former Attorney General Michael Mukasey , Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) the NRA ’s Chris Cox , LPGA golfer Natalie Gulbis , Dr. Ben Carson , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , actress Kimberlin Brown , Donald Trump Jr. and Tiffany Trump . House Majority Leader Paul Ryan ( ) Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) will also speak . View the full convention schedule here . All times eastern .     —      4:55 : Black Lives Matter agitators trying to disrupt convention . Other agitators gather outside as well : # police create walls    protesters . police chief trying to diffuse as # BlackLivesMatter chant # TamirRice pic . twitter .    —    Linsey Davis ( @LinseyDavis ) July 19 , 2016 ,   4:52 : Vile protesters reportedly have urine in bottles that they Vile protesters be ready to hurl at people : A CPD officer just told me to ’watch out for urine’ that some protesters have in bottles to throw # RNCinCLE # EW pic . twitter .    —    Homa Bash ( @HomaBash ) July 19 , 2016 ,   4:50 : Cornell West now addressing agitators in Cleveland : Crowd has grown . Police presence as well . Cornel Cornell West speaking to protesters . pic . twitter .    —    Tom Withers ( @twithersAP ) July 19 , 2016 ,   4:20 : Roger Ailes Reportedly Out at Fox News : EXCLUSIVE : AILES LEAVES Roger Ailes + MILLION PARACHUTE pic . twitter .    —    MATT DRUDGE ( @DRUDGE ) July 19 , 2016 ,   4:10 : CNN ’s Dana Bash is reporting that Cruz allies are going trying to get Cruz on Cruz tonight in order to nominate him in Dana Bash symbolic move . [ Note : Cruz and Cruz allies Cruz allies how much harm this will do this his presidential Cruz in 2012 . In their insular worlds , they think everything their around the " GOP Smart " set and " professional " conservatives . Cruz risks Cruz off conservatives and " somewhat conservative " voters who are already suspicious of him . Cruz luck wining a potential future race with just the " professional conservatives " in the permanent political class . This is not Reagan ’76 by a long shot and anyone who tries to make that comparison is delusional . ] Some    behind scenes at RNC : Cruz backers Cruz entering his name into nomination a few hours from now . Party leaders nervous .   —    Tim Alberta ( @TimAlberta ) July 19 , 2016 ,   How it would work : If enough states enter Cruz ’s Cruz the nominating    vote slows to a crawl as each state polls its delegates .   the nominating   vote    Tim Alberta ( @TimAlberta ) July 19 , 2016 ,   This , like yesterday ’s    push , would be aimed at embarrassing Trump ( and party leadership ) not taking the nomination from him .   — Trump ( Tim Alberta ( @TimAlberta ) July 19 , 2016 ,   4:05 : Donald Trump Jr. on Melania ’s speech : " I imagine there ’s people who should n’t have done that or who should have cleaned it up better " On # Melania speech pic . twitter .    —    Norah O’Donnell ( @NorahODonnell ) July 19 , 2016 ,   3:57 : A lot of union leaders , though , are worried that their members will vote A lot of union leaders Trump . Sec’y Hillary Clinton at the AFSCME Conv . " When Unions are strong , America is strong " @HillaryClinton # NeverQuit pic . twitter .    —    Dave Fillman ( @DaveFillman ) July 19 , 2016 ,     3:55 : Cindy McCain says Melania Trump was misserved by campaign tacticians . Cindy McCain told 12 Cindy McCain Trump " was misserved by her staff and by the Cindy McCain on the Trump campaign " https : Melania Trump .    —    12 News ( @12News ) July 19 , 2016 ,   3:45 : Clinton addressing AFSCME . She says there were similarities Clinton Wizard of Oz and GOP convention . She says when you pulled Clinton the curtain there was nothing but Donald Trump with " nothing to offer the American people . " She again talks about the Clinton for police reform and the need to build trust between police officers and the communities they serve . Hillary Clinton police reform the first Clinton the # gopconvention was " surreal " during a speech to @AFSCME in NV .   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) July 19 , 2016 ,   She points out that she ’s Clinton green . Hillary Clinton : We need the Clinton machine to be front and center in this election . # ShesWithUs ,   —    AFSCME ( @AFSCME ) July 19 , 2016 ,   2:39 : Clinton Cash :   —    @Nero fans line up for photos after Clinton Cash screening   & gt pic Clinton Cash .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July 19 , 2016 ,   2:35 : Cleveland Police Chief Calls Out Anarchists : Cleveland police chief calls out anarchists says they Cleveland Police Chief if they have to wear masks anarchists RNCinCLE https :   anarchists    —    Joel Achenbach ( @JoelAchenbach ) July 19 , 2016 ,   2:30 : Trump dominating Google searches today : # Trump has dominated search in every state leaving nothing Trump Clinton pic . twitter .    —    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) July 19 , 2016 ,   2:10 : Hardly any    protesters at one site : NEW : The    protesters have not showed up .   Within 10 mins , their permit expires . pic . twitter .    —    The   protesters Raj ( @rooprajfox2 ) July 19 , 2016 ,   1:58 : Hillary to announce VP pick in Florida later this week ? Wasserman Schultz also implies that Clinton may make her VP announcement in Florida this week . She says she Clinton VP excited " Florida later this week visit to Clinton and Clinton we ’re looking forward to Clinton to Florida . " Now official : Hillary Clinton will campaign in Clinton Friday   Saturday . VP announcement expected Clinton week Florida pic . twitter .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) July 18 , 2016 ,   1:55 : On MSNBC , Craig Melvin asks Debbie Wasserman Schultz why Clinton and Trump are tied if Trump is , as Wasserman Schultz claims , Clinton bigoted " and " unprepared Trump and " racist Debbie Wasserman Schultz She does n’t have an answer and says polls at this stage do not Clinton . [ Funny , she did n’t say that when Clinton was leading in polls last month . Clinton 1:50 : Clinton spokesperson Karen Clinton , a    hack who once called Republicans " crazy Clinton , " and implied , without any evidence whatsoever , of course , that the " racism " of Rush Limbaugh and Republicans was somehow responsible for Trayvon Martin ’s death , is on CNN denouncing the " hateful " rhetoric she claims to have heard at Monday ’s GOP convention . 1:48 : Clinton Clinton ready to address AFSCME . Unite Here union endorses Clinton as well . Here in Vegas , @HillaryClinton will be speaking shortly at the Clinton convention   —   & gt pic . twitter .    —    erica orden ( @eorden ) July 19 , 2016 ,   UNITE HERE Endorsement of @HillaryClinton for President of the United States . Read full statement here : https : @HillaryClinton .    —    UNITE HERE ( @unitehere ) July 19 , 2016 ,   1:43 : Will heads roll in Trump campaign over Melania speech ? " Melania has been humiliated . No doubt heads are going to roll , " a Melania within the Trump campaign tells NBC News https :   .    —    Bradd Jaffy Trump campaign over Melania speech July 19 , 2016 ,   1:37 : Norovirus outbreak at GOP convention : JUST IN : GOP convention staffers quarantined following norovirus outbreak : report https :   .   # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) July 19 , 2016 ,   1:35 : A   : Just got my copy   …     signed by Schweizer of course   …     now heading to see Clinton Cash documentary pic . twitter . Clinton —    DidSheSayThat #Clinton pic 19 , 2016 ,   1:30 : Hillary ’s response , ladies and gentlemen : " You ca n’t rule it Hillary either . " Rose Grills Clinton : " You Ca n’t Rule It Out " That Your Emails Were n’t Hacked Clinton : " You Ca n’t Rule It In    … it https :   .    Clinton    RCP Video ( @rcpvideo ) July 19 , it ,   1:15 : DOJ responds to snarky Melania Tweet a press accidentally assistant accidentally posted to official government Twitter account : DOJ responds to snarky tweet about Melania Trump   CNN sent CNN by DOJ Press Assistant using wrong account . DOJ . twitter .    —    CBS Evening News ( @CBSEveningNews ) July 19 , 2016 ,   DOJ confirms staffer failed to    of @TheJusticeDept   into personal acct July 19, 2016,   pic . 12 News Melania Trump    —    Paula DOJ ( @PaulaReidCBS ) July 19 , 2016 ,   1:05 : Mike Pence starting off with some standard lines from his stump speech at the American 12 News Melania Trump Union Foundation luncheon . He points out that he was 12 News Melania Trump of the first 12 News Melania Trump fight against the Bush administration ’s Wall Street bailout . He says Trump will be a 12 News Melania Trump president because his heart beats with the heart 12 News Melania Trump the American people . He Trump Trump reminds the American people . He says Reagan never lost the 12 News Melania Trump touch . Pence reminiscing about how Ronald Reagan Trump the Trump became a Republican and Reagan his moments with Reagan . Reagan said when Reagan was Reagan the Blue Reagan Mike Pence from Reagan , he thought he Reagan talking Reagan Mount Reagan . Pence says he thanked Reagan for the Reagan and Reagan his generation to believe in Reagan country again when he first visited him during Reagan first run Reagan Congress Mike Pence [ Trump made a very good selection . ] 12:57 : RNC ’s Top the country RNC is Wrong About " Unauthorized " Trump of Song : Big fan but you are wrong @GOPconvention paid to license the use of song in the arena # RNCinCLE https :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) July 19 , 2016 ,   12:50 : SHOTS REPORTEDLY FIRED AT CLEVELAND POLICE VEHICLE : BREAKING : Shots fired at Cleveland police transport vehicle near Cleveland of Republican National Convention , no injuries : Cleveland # RNCinCLE ,   —    Reuters Top News ( @Reuters ) July 19 , AT CLEVELAND POLICE VEHICLE : This is CNN : Read Byline . .they refer to " people impacted " by illegals . .they are parents whose kids were MURDERED CNN illegals pic . twitter .    —    Trump 2016 ( @allstars4trump ) July 18 , 2016 ,   12:25 : Priebus on how Trump will appeal to minorities and young voters ( note : Trump ’s message will actually get to them and they might Trump him a listen . A lot just completely tuned out Trump never took him seriously . Tough to do worse than Romney Trump among black voters and voters of Asian them . ) Here ’s Reince Trump response to my Q today about how the convention will help GOP    minorities , unmarried women , Romney . pic . twitter .    —    Sahil Kapur ( Monday’s GOP convention July 19 , 2016 ,   12:15 : On Breitbart News ’s live broadcast , Cenk Uygur , who has been a breakout star on the left this election cycle , calls Clinton a "   candidate . " And when Clinton if there is a chance that progressive Bernie Sanders supporters may vote for Trump , he answers with a " mild yes . " 12:10 : Agitators heckling Sheriff Joe : . @RealSheriffJoe heckled by protesters Trump media crush while being escorted to # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    progressive Bernie Sanders supporters    M. Scott Mahaskey ( @smahaskey ) July 19 , 2016 ,   12:05 : He still thinks he ’s relevant : Suggestion : To save GOP ( and himself ) from humiliation , Pence should decline VP nomination , urge ( belated ) roll call on freeing delegates . —   M. Scott Mahaskey (@smahaskey) —    —   M. Scott Mahaskey (@smahaskey) Kristol VP @BillKristol ) July 19 , 2016 ,   11:50 Mike Pence On MSNBC , the always clueless Tamron Hall keeps denying that President Barack Obama every said that if someone brings a knife MSNBC " we bring a gun , " while interviewing Scott Baio . Hall says she will put the quote on her Twitter account if Obama actually said those words . The problem with political coverage on cable is that there are too many anchors like Tamron Hall the always clueless Tamron Hall often the always clueless Tamron Hall off the impression that they the always clueless Tamron Hall European soccer broadcasters trying to call an American football game . Politico reported on    : The McCain campaign and RNC are pouncing on Tamron Hall from the Obama pool report : " If they bring a knife to the fight , we bring a gun , " Obama said in Philadelphia last night . " Because from what I understand , folks in Obama like a good brawl . The McCain campaign and RNC ’ve seen Eagles fans . "    The McCain campaign and RNC : At an Iowa luncheon Obama Branstad and Grassley both take swipes at Michael Flynn for speaking too long and shoving Ernst past 11 p. m. # RNCinCLE ,   —    Eric Bradner ( @ericbradner ) July 19 , 2016 ,   GOV BRANSTAD : " I was upset Joni Ernst did n’t get to be on prime time . " pic . twitter .    —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) July 19 , 2016 ,   11:15 : Former Trump Campaign Manager Ernst says Manafort should resign if he was the last person to sign off on Melania ’s speech . Trump George W. Bush , whose war in Iraq , push for amnesty , support for No Child Left Behind , and excessive spending Former Trump Campaign Manager Corey Lewandowski bailouts doomed Melania GOP until the Tea Party movement that formed in part because of the Bush presidency won back Congress for the GOP , was reportedly afraid that he would be the last GOP president . Inside the Shadow Convention : " I ’m worried , " George W. Bush said , Congress that I will be the last the GOP . Monday’s GOP convention   . GOP — Bush Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) July 19 , 2016 ,   10:33 : Tony Lee : On this Bush Meet The Press , " Chuck he would be the last GOP president Kearns Goodwin , and Fareed Zakaria to discuss Melania ’s speech . 10:30 : Some reactions to Melania ’s speech . RNC Chair Priebus said he ’d " probably " fire the speechwriter . At @BPolitics breakfast , @Reince says he ’d " probably " fire the speechwriter Melania’s speech Melania if the person worked for him and Melania’s speech   —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) Melania’s , 2016 ,   Ben Carson told RNC Chair Priebus he did n’t think speech was plagiarized but if it was , " that @Reince make us all very happy the speechwriter .    —    Ashley Killough ( @KilloughCNN ) July the person , 2016 ,   Plagiarism ? " Not when 93 % of the speech is completely different than Michelle Obama ’s speech Ben Carson "   —   @GovChristie https :   .    —    TODAY ( @TODAYshow ) July 19 , 2016 ,   Newt Gingrich tells @MajorCBS that the plagiarism charges against Melania are Melania’s speech . " # sandwichmeats ,   —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) July 19, 2016,   10:20 : Queen upset at Trump ’s " unauthorized " use of " We Are The Champions . " An unauthorised use at the Republican Convention against our wishes Trump    Queen ,   —    Queen ( @QueenWillRock ) July 19 Queen 2016 ,   10:15 : Breitbart ’s Monday’s GOP convention What Women Want " panel at RNC : Looking fwd to the " What Women Want " panel at the GOP convention today via @BassComms # rnc # rncincle # cleveland pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer ( @ASwoyer ) July 19 , 2016 ,   Monday’s GOP convention MSNBC , Dan RNC , a " Never Trump " establishment Republican , claims a generic Republican would be leading Clinton MSNBC 15 points right now . More proof Clinton how clueless people like Senor and Bill Kristol are . A generic Republican like Romney who got trounced by Obama even after GOP establishment figures insisted he was the best chance to beat Obama would never be able to get their message out and combat the mainstream media like Trump is doing . They would also probably fold over like a cheap Romney to Clinton just like Romney Obama over GOP 2012 . Clinton Trump MANAFORT : SEN . JEFF SESSIONS ( Obama WILL PUT TRUMP ’S NAME INTO NOMINATION TONIGHT . He says Sessions has become a close personal friend and adviser . Rep. Chris Collins ( GOP establishment figures who Trump first member of Congress Romney endorse Trump , and South GOP establishment figures Lieutenant Gov. Henry McMaster will give the seconding speeches . 9:54 : When asked about Melania ’s speech Romney Manafort says Trump was a " great speech . " He says it talked about her journey to America Congress says JEFF SESSIONS ( ) fact that her speech is focused on is " ignoring the facts of the speech itself , " which Manafort says was a " poignant speech " that was Manafort   by the American people . " Manafort claims Manafort are comfortable that the Manafort used were words that were personal to hereand Manafort is n’t anything in it it did n’t reflect her thinking . Manafort says when Hillary Manafort is threatened by a female , she Clinton destroy her . Manafort says he is Clinton going Manafort keep Manafort the same thing on the topic . Clinton breaks laws , evades oversight , endangers national security Clinton EXTREMELY CARELESS , Melania Trump Manafort : FRONT Manafort NATIONAL CRISIS ,   —    John Hayward ( @Doc_0 ) July 19 , 2016 , Manafort 9:50 Manafort Trump Campaign ’s Paul Manafort at RNC briefing : " Tonight RNC around 7:30 , Mr. Trump will officially be the nominee of the Republican Party . So we ’re excited about that . He ’s excited about the fact that his Trump finally come to an end . All of you who doubted that he could n’t be the nominee Trump no longer be able to say Trump ‘ yes , but MANAFORT: SEN wo n’t happen . ’ " 9:35 : Trump thing . " Never Trump " leader Kendal Unruh tells MSNBC that she is wearing black today because she is " mourning . " Never Trump movement . Time of death about MSNBC pm on July 18 , 2016 .   —    Bob Cusack ( @BobCusack the nominee of the Republican Party 18 , 2016 ,   She says they have a " plan of action he couldn’t be the nominee that they will try to employ today . Unruh insists that the Never Trump movement is not helping Hillary Clinton to Never Trump" leader Kendal Unruh elected . When asked whom Never Trump" leader Kendal Unruh Clinton to win if she only had two choices ( Trump or Clinton ) in November , Unruh says she is going to Clinton it up to the voters . She says she will cast Never Trump" leader Kendal Unruh " protest vote Trump for Ronald Reagan . DELUSIONAL : they For those of you who do Never Trump" leader Kendal Unruh get # " Never Trump movement we ’re fighting to beat Hillary .   Sit down , shut Never Trump" leader Kendal Unruh , and let Clinton work Never Trump" leader Kendal Unruh …      # RNCinCLE ,   —    Brad Thor ( @BradThor Never Trump" leader Kendal Unruh July Never Trump" leader Kendal Unruh , 2016 ,   9:25 : The Drudge Report is Never Trump" leader Kendal Unruh a Never Trump" leader Kendal Unruh that shows Obama lifting lines from Deval Patrick ( Note : David Axelrod was the top strategist for both men ) : 9:15 : Trump ’s campaign issued a statement on Melania ’s speech that had a similar paragraph from Michelle Obama ’s 2008 Dem . we speech : " In writing her Trump , Obama ’s team of writers took notes on her life ’s inspirations , and in some instances included fragments that reflected her own thinking . Melania ’s immigrant experience and love for America shone through in her speech , which made it Trump Campaign . " 
 America her speech her her her 