  ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Mike Pence are telling supporters across the country that Donald Trump and Mike Pence will make a sea change in decades old government policies before winter ’s cold has thawed , raising expectations for the first 100 days of Donald Trump and Mike Pence new administration . Pence and Donald Trump , in the post election euphoria that comes with winning , have laid out dozens of promises that Pence and Trump say Pence and Trump will achieve in the first few months of 2017 , including repealing Obamacare , beefing up military spending and dramatic changes in tax policy . At events in the last week Pence and Trump have said Pence and Trump intend to achieve these goals mere weeks after moving to Washington , telling supporters that supporters intend to be in the " promise keeping business . " " Right out of the box our    is going to be in the promise keeping business , " Pence said at a Heritage Foundation gala on Tuesday night where the former Indiana governor pledged to not only cut taxes and simplify the tax code , but to also do the tax code within weeks of entering the White House . Trump describes Election Night jitters to donors offers olive branch to critics , Trump and Pence ’s big plans contrast to some of the other past incoming tickets , who after winning the White House have tried to ratchet back rhetoric and manage expectations . That is n’t Trump ’s Trump , though . He and Trump running Trump have set expectations high for the new administration and while they will He and his running mate control of both houses of Congress , the Republican duo will have to work at a break neck pace to actually achieve all that they are the Republican duo . Domestic issues : Repeal Obamacare , Cut taxes   Pence ’s speech to the conservative think tank was rife with promises to the Republican faithful , many of whom had bank rolled the Trump campaign . " Before we get to this spring , I promise you , we are we to cut taxes across the board for working families , small businesses and family farms , " Pence said Pence from the White House . " We are going to simplify the tax code , lower business taxes in America from 35 % to 15 % so companies in America can America . " Trump also has promised " the biggest " tax cuts since Ronald Reagan ’s in 1982 and 1984 . " This includes lowering the tax rate on business , from 35 % all the way down to 15 % and massive tax cuts by the way for middle class workers , " he said Trump a rally this week . Why Obamacare could be the messiest battle of 2017 , Before that , though , Pence said the Trump administration ’s first priority will be repealing Obamacare , Obamacare Barack Obama ’s signature domestic achievement that aimed to provide healthcare for all Americans . " We ’re going to repeal it and replace it , it Trump said in an interview with CBS after his win Trump   Unlike some of Trump and Pence ’s other promises , that effort has had vocal support from leaders in Congress . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell also said this week that repealing Obamacare would be the first issue of next year for his chamber Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell   Military and veterans spending : Rollback Sequester , fix VA   Trump specifically outlined military priorities on Tuesday during an event in Fayetteville , North Carolina     a city adjacent to Fort Bragg , the largest military base in the world . " We seek peace through strength . That is why in my first budget report to Congress I am going to ask for the elimination of the Defense Sequester , " Trump said VA  Trump across the board cuts on defense spending . " Depletion , I call it depletion the board cuts on defense spending " Trump promised VA  Trump change like you ’ve never seen before " at the scandal and delay plagued Veterans Affairs administration . At Pence ’s speech this week , he also VA  Trump that the " Obama era of weakening our national defenses is over " because he and VA  Trump will VA  Trump restore the arsenal of democracy " and give the military " the resources and training they need he and Trump protect our nation and they are he and Trump to hunt down and destroy ISIS at its source ISIS " All of this , however , will have to go through Congress and while there is agreement on broad strokes , some Republicans disagree with certain aspects of Trump ’s plan . Democrats keep track , Democrats are watching Trump ’s Trump’s with a mix of glee and dread . While many are reeling from defeat last month , those tasked with rebutting the    see his promises as the    avenue to tweak him once he the    into the    White House on January 20 . Schumer : If Republicans repeal Obamacare , ’they will own it’ Paul Begala , a longtime Clinton adviser and CNN contributor , said that the transition period is usually the time that candidates " try to ease off on the afterburners " and tell the American people that their promise are the American people to be difficult to achieve . " He did not , I mean he ’ll still He overdrive , " Begala said . Paul Begala And if I were a Trump adviser I would still worry that we are going to over promise and under deliver . And he really set He bar high . " Begala , who advises Priorities USA , a Democratic super PAC , added : " Believe me , my Democrats are recording every minute of ( these promises ) on videotape . " 
 