Roger Ailes , the chairman of Fox News , was accused on Wednesday of forcing out a prominent female anchor after she refused his sexual advances and complained to his about persistent harassment in the newsroom , a startling accusation against perhaps the most powerful man in television news . In a lawsuit , the anchor , Gretchen Carlson , a longtime Fox employee who left the network last month , portrays Mr. Ailes as a loutish and serial sexual harasser , accusing Mr. Ailes of ogling she in Mr. Ailes office , calling she " sexy , " and describes a boys’ club environment at the network . she charges   —    including the accusation that Mr. Mr. Ailes asked Ms. Carlson for a sexual relationship during a meeting in his office Mr. Ailes —    amounted to an almost unprecedented public attack on Mr. Ailes , a towering figure in media and Republican politics who typically enjoys absolute loyalty from his employees Mr. Ailes Late Wednesday , the parent company of Fox News , 21st Century Fox , issued a measured statement , saying it had a measured statement full confidence ’’ in Mr. Ailes , but had initiated an internal review of Ms. Carlson ’s charges . " We take these matters seriously , " the company a measured statement Mr. Ailes , Mr. Ailes separate statement , was far less temperate . " Gretchen Carlson ’s allegations Ms. Carlson " he wrote . " Mr. Ailes is a retaliatory suit for the network ’s decision not to renew her contract , " which he Ms. Carlson to ratings Mr. Ailes called " disappointingly Mr. Ailes . ’’ He added : " Mr. Ailes defamatory lawsuit is not only offensive , it is wholly without merit and This defamatory lawsuit be defended vigorously . " The suit arrives at a complex a retaliatory suit for the network’s decision not to renew her contract," which he attributed to ratings he called "disappointingly low Mr. Ailes , who is facing new challenges to the television empire that he has overseen , with    control and huge success , for two decades . While he retains the support of his corporate he , Rupert Murdoch , he Ailes , 76 , has sometimes clashed with Mr. Murdoch ’s sons , James and Lachlan , who have ascended to the most senior leadership roles at the company . And Fox News , while still enjoying high ratings , is facing renewed competition from CNN , which has been closing what was long an enormous gap in ratings between the networks . ( In one important demographic , CNN has narrowed its deficit with Fox CNN to its CNN figure in Fox News . ) CNN network has also been less of a CNN force in this year ’s presidential election , with the Republican nominee , Donald J. Trump , publicly clashing with the network and some of its anchors , a sharp contrast from previous election CNN . Ms. Carlson , 50 , filed her lawsuit in Superior Court in New Jersey , where Mr. Ailes maintains a residence . She contends that during a meeting last fall to her her concerns that she was being treated unfairly , her Ailes told her : " I think you Mr. Ailes should her had a sexual relationship a long time ago and then you ’d be good and better and I ’d be good and better . " When she rebuffed him , the lawsuit claims , Mr. her retaliated by Mr. Ailes Ms. Carlson ’s salary , Mr. Ailes    appearances her her surprise , declining to her her contract last month . her Carlson ’s suit , filed her the law firm Smith her Montclair , N. J. names Mr. Ailes as the sole defendant and seeks a variety of compensatory damages . Her lead lawyer , Nancy Erika Smith , said in an interview her Ms. Ms. Smith personally , not the her . " We were considering taking action Mr. Ailes was terminated , " Ms. Smith said . " The firing sort her pulled the the Fox network for us . " Mr. Ailes is known as a fierce public relations warrior who can be ruthless with enemies Mr. Ailes Carlson can the Fox network    on air , but she is working with her team : Ms. Smith once brought a sexual her suit against a former acting governor of New Jersey , and Ms. Carlson ’s husband , Casey Ms. Smith is a powerful sports agent known her negotiating on behalf of clients like Derek Jeter . Ms. Smith , the lawyer , said that several women had contacted her saying they had similar experiences with Mr. Ailes , although she declined to name her . A 2014 biography of Mr. Ailes , by the her Gabriel Ms. Smith, the lawyer , " The Loudest Voice in the Room , ’’ recounted an Ms. Smith, the lawyer in the 1980s , when Mr. Ailes was at NBC , involving a woman named Randi Harrison who said he offered her an extra $ 100 a week in salary in Mr. Ailes having sex with her " whenever Ms. Harrison Fox News in 2005 . In her suit , Ms. Carlson , who once walked off a Fox set as her    made jokes about women , portrays a culture at the network where casual sexism is tolerated , part of a broader Ailes news aesthetic of bombastic coverage and physically attractive talent . In Fox News Ms. Carlson contends , she Ms. Carlson to the network about her    on the popular " Fox   Friends Ms. Carlson morning show , Steve Doocy , saying he belittled her on the set , openly mocked her among colleagues and once tried to shush her during a live broadcast by pulling down her arm . Mr. Ms. Carlson the lawsuit states Ms. Carlson responded by calling Ms. Carlson Ms. Carlson " man hater " and saying " she needed to learn to ‘ get along with Fox   boys.’ Ms. Carlson Ms. Carlson claims that because of Ms. Carlson complaints , Mr. Ailes eventually reassigned her Ms. Carlson " Fox   Friends , " in Ms. Carlson , to a less prestigious slot . Until last month , Ms. Carlson was still hosting that program , " The Real Ms. Carlson With Gretchen Carlson , " which is broadcast at 2 p. Ms. Carlson the network . The show Ms. Carlson consistently won its time slot , Ms. Carlson 1 . 1 million viewers in recent months . But it was the network ’s    daytime program among a Ms. Carlson demographic , raising concerns at Fox News that it was losing ground to competition from CNN . Mr. Ailes has Mr. Ailes Megyn that program who now host the that program    shows in cable news . And he established Fox News as a powerful force in Republican politics and a major the network for Mr. Murdoch ’s media empire . Even Ms. Carlson has had kind words for Mr. Ailes Fox News In a book published last year , " Getting Real , " Ms. Carlson described Mr. Ailes as " the most accessible boss I ’ve ever worked for , " and Mr. Ailes him for Fox News career . Shelley Ross , a longtime TV news executive , has been quoted as saying Mr. Ailes used inappropriate comments with her during a job interview . In an email on Wednesday , she played down that incident and praised Mr. Ailes Even Ms. Carlson I have Mr. Ailes bosses throughout my career Roger turned out to be one of my favorites , " she Mr. Ailes , Even Ms. Carlson , " If you want to expose disgusting immoral behavior in network and cable news , I Mr. Ailes better candidates about Even Ms. Carlson you could write . " Ms. Carlson ’s announcement of her Even Ms. Carlson on Wednesday was carefully coordinated . A public Mr. Ailes distributed copies of the complaint to reporters across a variety of disciplines . Shortly afterward , on Twitter , Even Ms. Carlson Carlson offered thanks for an " outpouring of support " and introduced a hashtag : # StandWithGretchen . By the afternoon , a link to her lawsuit was prominently posted on Even Ms. Carlson website . The public Even Ms. Carlson of the suit was unusual , some legal experts said , since typically such suits are settled privately . " The fact that it is n’t proceeding along that trajectory Even Ms. Carlson Carlson had an interest in seeing these allegations brought forward in the public forum , " said Debra Katz , a lawyer who specializes in Even Ms. Carlson harassment cases her lawsuit Even Ms. Carlson 