The Trump administration released the financial disclosure forms from members of the White House staff . Here is some of what they reveal . ■ The disclosures include the complicated assets of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner , Ivanka Trump ’s daughter and     who retain vast business holdings . ■ Stephen K. Bannon , the president ’s senior adviser , made as much as $ 2 . 3 million last year . ■ Gary Cohn , the director of the National Economic Council and the former No . 2 executive at Goldman Sachs , has assets valued at $ 252 million to $ 611 million . ■ Mr. Bannon and Mr. Cohn , who both have past ties to Goldman Goldman Sachs nonetheless took very different paths to their fortunes both Read more » Mr. Cohn , who until late last year was the No . 2 executive at the investment bank Goldman Sachs , has assets worth $ 252 million to $ 611 million , according to a disclosure filing released Friday . That makes Mr. Cohn Mr. Cohn, who until late last year was the No. 2 executive at the investment bank Goldman Sachs addition to the many millions of dollars in cash and stock Mr. Cohn received from Goldman Sachs that made up the lion ’s share of his personal assets , he held a slew of positions in publicly traded stocks   —    many of which he has already Mr. Cohn, who until late last year was the No. 2 executive at the investment bank Goldman Sachs plans to sell   —    and in various private entities . Those Mr. Cohn, who until late last year was the No. 2 executive at the investment bank Goldman Sachs include a stake Mr. Cohn, who until late last year was the No. 2 executive at the investment bank Goldman Sachs at more than $ 1 million in a consumer education and consulting business called Payoff Mr. Cohn, who until late last year was the No. 2 executive at the investment bank Goldman Sachs a position in Mr. Cohn, who until late last year was the No. 2 executive at the investment bank Goldman Sachs cosmetics retailer also valued at more than $ 1 million , investments various private entities    concerns in Ohio valued at $ 100 , 000 or more each , and an investment in a venture capital fund run by Andreessen Horowitz , the Silicon Valley powerhouse , valued at $ 100 , 000 or more .   —    Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon may be one of the best known figures in the Trump White House , but as the Trump administration goes , he ’s probably not one of the wealthiest . But by the standards of many Americans , he appears to be doing quite well . Mr. Bannon earned at least $ 1 . 3 million and perhaps as much Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon $ 2 . 3 million last year , according to the disclosure report . He disclosed Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon 191 , 000 in consulting fees he Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon Breitbart News Network , the conservative media organization $ 125 , 333 from Cambridge Analytica , a data firm that worked for the Trump campaign and $ 61 Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon 539 in salary from the Government Accountability Institute Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon a conservative nonprofit organization . All three organizations are backed by the major Republican donors Robert Mercer and his daughter , Rebekah . Mr. Bannon ’s most valuable asset was Bannon Strategic Advisors Inc. a privately held consulting firm from which income from his other investments appeared to flow into . It was valued at $ 5 million Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon $ 25 million . Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon listed the value of his Bannon Film Industries at $ 1 million to $ 5 million . His bank Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon were valued at as much as $ Bannon Strategic Advisors Inc. a privately held consulting firm from which income from his other investments appeared to flow , 250 , 000 , while he listed rental real estate Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon at as much as $ Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon . 5 million . Mr. Bannon made clear in his disclosure report Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon he intended to sell some of his assets , including his stake in Cambridge Analytica , Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon political consulting firm that sells " psychographic " profiles that it asserts can predict the Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon hidden political leanings of Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon American adult . Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon Bannon served until last summer Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon vice president of Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon ’s board .   —    Eric Lipton , Steve Eder and Jonathan Weisman ■ The president ’s daughter and     will remain the beneficiaries of a sprawling real estate and Kate Kelly Mr. Bannon still worth as much as $ 740 million , despite their new government responsibilities . ■ Ms. Trump will maintain a stake in the Trump International Hotel in Washington , D. C. ■ Mr. Kushner ’s financial disclosures said that Ms. Trump earned from $ 1 million to $ 5 million from January daughter and     to March 2017 , and puts the value of her stake at $ 5 million to $ 25 million . Read more from Jesse Drucker , Eric Lipton and Ms. Trump » Kellyanne Conway , one of Mr. Trump ’s top advisers , is wealthy , but modestly so when compared with some Ms. Trump her superrich colleagues . Ms. Conway , a Republican strategist and pollster , made over $ 800 , 000 last year , her filing shows . As Ms. Trump her own consulting firm , Ms. Conway ’s clients included an assortment of conservative causes , Ms. Trump the National Rifle Kellyanne Conway, one of Mr. Trump well as Cambridge Analytica , the political data firm that Ms. Trump Mr. Trump ’s campaign . She Ms. Trump also paid for a speaking engagement at Point72 Asset Management , the investment firm run by the billionaire stock picker Steven A. Cohen .   —    Ben Protess Julia Hahn , until she went to work in the White House , was Ms. Trump as the    reporter who filled Breitbart . com with conservative screeds . But she is also quite rich for her age . A PNC custodial account owned by Ms. Hahn is valued at $ 500 , 000 to $ 1 Ben Protess Julia Hahn . And various stock funds listed on her financial disclosure are worth as much as $ 1 Ms. Trump 5 million . Her work Ms. Trump a journalist was also nothing to sneeze at . As a reporter , she made Ben Protess Julia Hahn , 217 last year at Breitbart . On top of that , she earned $ 74 , 082 from Ben Protess Julia Hahn Ingraham ’s radio show .   —    Jonathan Weisman ■ Omarosa Manigault Ben Protess Julia Hahn a White House aide who is a longtime associate of Mr. Trump and was once Ben Protess Julia Hahn contestant on " The Apprentice , " received a wedding dress , veil and accessories Ben Protess Julia Hahn at $ 25 , 000 in exchange for appearing on the TLC reality show " Say Yes to the Dress . " ■ Peter Navarro , Mr. Trump ’s trade czar and resident China hawk , is not a wealthy man , but his salary as an economics professor at a public university was n’t bad . According to his disclosure form , Mr. Navarro earned $ 240 , 000 in salary and bonuses from the University of California Mr. Trump He also earned $ 10 , 500 for delivering a speech in November to the Casket a wealthy man Funeral Supply Association of America . ■ Sean Spicer , the press secretary , reported a wealthy man in the    Company , McDonald ’s and several real estate investments . But , despite his    taste for    gum Mr. Navarro he reported no investments in chewing gum companies ( although he does invest in Walmart , which sells chewing gum ) . ■ Sebastian Gorka , a deputy assistant to Mr. Trump and a former editor at Breitbart News , reported consulting fees of $ 38 , 200 from Breitbart . He    reported royalties his $ 50 , 000 to $ 100 , 000 his his book " Defeating jihad : The Winnable War "   —    and also said that he signed a contract for a second book . ■ Boris Epshteyn , who served during the presidential campaign as one of Mr. Breitbart ’s chief attack dogs and television talking heads , stills owes over $ 50 Breitbart 000 on college loans he took out more than a decade ago , his filing indicates Breitbart Recently , Mr. Epshteyn left his White House post under circumstances that were unclear . ■ Jason Greenblatt , the Trump Organization lawyer tasked with helping to bring peace to the Middle East , earned $ 1 , 025 , 000 in Breitbart from Mr. Trump ’s company last year . Breitbart his daily briefing on Friday Breitbart White House Breitbart secretary Sean Spicer tried to put the best spin on the vast wealth that would be on display Friday night : The White House disclosures fit an    pattern in Washington of dumping mountains of documents on Fridays , when normal people have left work and Breitbart beginning to enjoy their weekend the Trump Organization are likely to be glued to their computers and television sets to track the wealth of White House officials . After all , as the Trump Organization the fictional White House deputy chief of staff on " The West Wing , " put it ,   " No one reads the paper on Saturday . normal people Here ’s the list of the disclosure forms we ’ve normal people so far : Stephen K. Bannon , counselor to the president Thomas Bossert , assistant to the president for homeland security and White House deputy national security adviser James W. Carroll , senior counsel Justin Clark , deputy assistant to the president and director of intergovernmental affairs Gary D. Cohn , director of the National Economic Council Conway , Kellyanne , counselor to the president Reed Cordish , special assistant to the president for intragovernmental and technology initiatives Makan Delrahim , deputy White House counsel Uttam Dhillon , special assistant to the president , Ethics Compliance Team Carlos Diaz Rosillo , director of policy and interagency coordination , Domestic Policy Council Jessica Ditto , deputy communications director Ann Donaldson , chief of staff to the White House counsel John Eisenberg , N. S. C. legal adviser , and deputy counsel to the president for national security affairs , National Security Council Michael Ellis , associate counsel Boris Epshteyn , assistant director of communications Helen Ferre , director of media affairs Scott Gast , special assistant to the president , Ethics Compliance Team George Gigicos the Trump Organization advance and operations Robert T. Goad , education policy adviser Sebastian Gorka , deputy assistant to the the president Gray , deputy director for the defense industrial base , National Trade Council Jason Greenblatt , special representative for international negotiations Stephanie Grisham , deputy press secretary Joseph Hagin , deputy chief of staff the president Julia Hahn , deputy policy strategist Vincent Haley , adviser for policy , strategy and speechwriting , Domestic Policy Council Hope Hicks , director of strategic communications Kenneth Juster , deputy assistant to the president for international economic affairs and deputy director of the National Economic Council Katsas , Gregory , deputy counsel to the president Joseph K. Kellogg , Chief of Staff and Executive Secretary , National Security Council Shahira E. Knight , special assistant to the president for tax and retirement policy , National Economic Council Andrew D. Koenig , special assistant to the president and policy special assistant Jared Kushner , senior adviser to the president for strategic planning Gerrit Lansing , chief digital officer Chris Liddell , director of strategic initiatives for the White House Strategic Development Group Omarosa Manigault , director of communications for the Office of Public Liaison Ashley Marquis , chief of staff of the National Economic Council John McEntee , personal aide to the president Kathleen McFarland , deputy national security adviser Donald F. the president counsel to the president Bill McGinley , associate counsel Stephen Miller , senior adviser to the president for policy Peter Navarro , director , National Trade Council Reince Priebus , chief of staff Marc Short , director of the office of legislative affairs Sean Spicer , press secretary 
 