  ( CNN ) Kathy Griffin is fighting back against the abuse and " death threats " Kathy Griffin has received in light of controversial images released earlier this week that showed the comedian holding up a bloody head resembling that of President Donald Trump . In a news conference on Friday , Bloom Trump President Donald Trump his President Donald Trump of " using their power to target her Trump and his family " " If you do n’t stand up , you get run over , " Griffin Kathy Griffin . " What ’s happening to me Kathy Griffin never happened in this great country . A sitting president of the U. S. . .. is personally trying to ruin my life forever . "   Bloom said the comedian was contacted by the U. S. Secret Service and said she has retained a criminal Bloom .   " As a result of the first family bullying her , she has been Bloom , Bloom death threats , fired from multiple jobs and had multiple events canceled , " Bloom said .   Bloom Bloom a victim ’s Bloom attorney who is best known for representing    clients , including former Fox News contributor Wendy Walsh , who accused the network ’s former host Bill O’Reilly of sexual harassment . The photos in question were released on Tuesday and quickly drew backlash by people on social media .   Griffin apologized for the " disturbing " photos , taken by provocative celebrity photographer Tyler Shields , later that day . " I beg for your forgiveness . I went too far , " she said in a video Griffin to Instagram late Tuesday . " I Tuesday mistake and I was wrong . " " Kathy never imagined it could be Griffin as a a mistake of violence against Trump . That was never what she intended , " Bloom said Griffin Trump said of the photos that Trump " should be ashamed of herself . " On Wednesday , Trump was fired from her gig Griffin CNN ’s New Trump ’s Eve program , which she had    alongside Anderson Cooper New Year’s Eve 2007 .   Griffin said her termination was " Griffin . New Year’s Eve   Griffin also lost an endorsement deal Griffin Squatty Potty , a line of bathroom footstools , and has had at least five of her    gigs canceled since the Griffin were released .   Griffin and Bloom believe the comedian Griffin received harsher backlash because she is female .   " the comedian is a woman thing , " Griffin said .   Although Griffin Griffin apologized again during her Griffin conference , she said Griffin she will continue Griffin use Trump Griffin fodder for her comedic material .   " Griffin ’m going to make fun of him more now , " she Trump . 
 Griffin 