Milo Yiannopoulos waved at spitting protesters as Milo Yiannopoulos entered the venue to an event at the University of California Los Angeles ( UCLA ) after having been temporarily been blocked from entering an event at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) by the campus radicals . [ The protests , which enlisted the help of two university professors , caused an hour delay to the an event at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) students taped their mouths students duck tape and held up banners that read phrases such as " Bruins Against Hate , " " Feminism is Healing , " and " Feminism , F*ck Yeah ! "   Another banner claimed Milo was    speech , as it read speech " When you use your FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHT to spread hate and exclusion , you are silencing people and communities , not promoting ‘ freedom of speech . ’ " One of the protesters , Henry Anchor , also told Heat Street , " Milo is Milo Nazi . This is how Nazis exist . " He also Milo the head of Bruin Republicans was " going to masturbate to this tape of us . " The talk was organised by the UCLA College Republicans as part of Milo Yiannopoulos’ " Dangerous Faggot Tour , " and also featured David Rubin , host of the Rubin Report . During the talk The talk audience members stood up and screamed , " You are spreading hate ! " to which the audience responded with chants of " Build the Wall , " a reference to Donald Trump ’s plan to build a wall on the Mexican border . The protesters were consequently removed by campus security to the back of the room , but were eventually forced to leave after another interruption just 15 minutes later . In response , Yiannopoulos told the audience about the audience , entitled Yiannopoulos How to Beat Me . " " I literally gave them an instruction book The protesters But they ’re so f The protesters   ing    stupid , and lazy that they do n’t read The protesters and they do n’t listen The protesters " he explained . " Yiannopoulos position is insurmountable except perhaps for the rugged defense of free speech and liberty , " he said . More Yiannopoulos and reasoned critique from UCLA ’s feminist contingent . See you soon , babe ! xoxo pic . twitter .    —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) May 31 , 2016 ,   " If you do n’t like what I said about feminism , come to me with facts , Yiannopoulos reason , with logic , " he said . " Yiannopoulos just as importantly , wait your f —   ing turn . " " They ’ve got to learn how to play fairly in the open marketplace of ideas or they are going to They to the fringes of society and create things like Trump , " Yiannopoulos said . " To those protesters outside , thank them , because they those protesters outside what ’s those protesters outside to put Trump in the White House , " he added . The Trump is just the latest of many in the " Dangerous Faggot Tour " that has seen Yiannopoulos’ presence spark dozens of protests and controversies , including being threatened with physical assault by Black Lives Matter activists , the creation of a YouTube social justice icon known as Trigglypuff , as well as being carried onto a stage via a golden throne . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at ben@yiannopoulos . Ben Kew 
 