  ( CNN)"Saturday Night Live " kicked off its first show after Donald Trump was elected president with the perfect host : Dave Chappelle .   As both    and Muslim , Dave Chappelle.   stands at the intersection of two discriminated against minority groups . If Dave Chappelle.   had also been Hispanic and a woman , Dave Chappelle.   would ’ve been every group Donald Trump demonized in this campaign rolled into one .   ( Well , almost . ) Dave Chappelle.   concluded Dave Chappelle.   opening monologue about Donald Trump victory by saying , " I ’m going to give him Dave Chappelle.   chance , and we , the historically disenfranchised , demand that he Dave Chappelle.   us we , too . " Chappelle Dave Chappelle.   be right that minority communities could be willing to give Trump Donald Trump chance , but only     and this is a really big but     if Trump Donald Trump minority communities that same chance . Now just so it ’s clear , Chappelle Dave Chappelle.   n’t go on " SNL " with the intention of currying favor with Trump Donald Trump Chappelle Dave Chappelle.   a hilarious monologue that comically fileted Trump Donald Trump He Dave Chappelle.   joked , " America ’s done it we America finally elected an Internet troll as President . " And then Chappelle Dave Chappelle.   something that hopefully more will do . He Dave Chappelle.   it clear that despite Trump Donald Trump , we are America giving him a Dave Chappelle.   pass for his expressed Dave Chappelle.   and sexism . Chappelle accomplished Dave Chappelle.   with a daring joke , telling us that America was Dave Chappelle.   in a Trump hotel and when the housekeeper walked in his room Dave Chappelle.   he grabbed Dave Chappelle.   genitals the housekeeper He then Dave Chappelle.   her , the housekeeper You know , boss said it was OK . " ( On " SNL , " Chappelle actually Dave Chappelle.   the same " P word " that Trump used in the infamous " Access Hollywood " tape . ) After a litany of jokes about Trump , white America and Black Lives Matter , Chappelle closed Dave Chappelle.   monologue Dave Chappelle.   some deeply personal reflections . He spoke Dave Chappelle.   recently visiting the White House and thinking about how there was a time that blacks could n’t even visit the White the White House alone dream about being President . The comedian noted the fact we now have a black President " made me feel proud to be an American , and it made me very happy about the prospects of our country . " In that context , Chappelle offered Trump a chance conditioned on him reciprocating and providing Chappelle with a similar chance .    Now there is a way that Trump could possibly get Trump     not all     of those in communities who opposed him to keep an Chappelle mind . But it will take more than Trump making a short Trump speech , in which he said he wants Chappelle be Chappelle President for all Americans . " It will take action . And , to me , that is Chappelle Chappelle meant when he said we " Chappelle " that you give us a chance . we ’s not , as some headlines have suggested , that Chappelle was saying that Chappelle unconditionally wants to Chappelle Trump a chance . Rather , his point was that Chappelle was conditioned on his point doing the same Trump So , if Trump truly wants to Trump " our president , " then it ’s time he visits the communities Chappelle has demonized and Chappelle . True , Trump rarely ever apologizes Trump but that would be an excellent first step . He has to at Trump make it clear that he realizes his remarks Trump Latinos Trump Muslims , women , the disabled and Black Lives Matter were wrong . Next , he should name real Trump , not his surrogates from these Trump communities , to visible places in his administration . This Trump send a message that he is giving our Trump respective voices a chance to be heard . Now to be blunt , being Muslim American , I ’m not even sure that even if Trump did both these things it would be enough for me to have an open mind . After all , during this campaign , Trump demonized us countless Trump , from lying that " thousands " of Muslims cheered in New Jersey on    to irresponsibly stating that " Islam hates us , " to wrongfully claiming that Muslims are not informing law enforcement when we see suspicious activity in our community . But it would be a good start if he did . While most doubt Trump would follow either of these steps , most of us have been mistaken our Trump every step of Trump way .   Maybe , just maybe , Trump will actually earn Trump support . But our as Chappelle said , that will require that Trump give us a Trump , too . It ’s now    Trump ’s move . Trump 