  ( CNN ) Marco Rubio is back in the thick of it . The Florida Republican , who reversed Marco Rubio decision to quit the Senate after Marco Rubio losing the GOP presidential nomination , suddenly finds Marco Rubio at the center of the political intrigue swirling around Donald Trump ’s nascent administration . Marco Rubio tough questioning Wednesday of Rex Tillerson , Trump Donald Trump for secretary of state , and unresolved doubts about the former ExxonMobil chief ’s nomination , present him with the former ExxonMobil chief set of provocative political choices . The Marco Rubio expected to meet Tillerson on Thursday after expressing reservations over the potential top US diplomat ’s answers on Russia , the Philippines and Saudi Arabia     particularly on human rights     during Wednesday ’s confirmation hearing . " We ’re still working through it , so you know , we ’ll have We decision here soon , " Rubio told CNN on Thursday . In some ways , Rubio ’s position Rubio center of the Tillerson confirmation drama validates his decision to return Rubio’s position at the center of the Tillerson confirmation drama the Senate . At the time , the Florida senator argued Rubio interest in foreign policy Rubio the clutch of threats to US national security justified his decision to reverse his resolve Rubio turn his back Rubio Washington . The Rubio confirmation process gives him immediate platform to shape the Rubio of the new administration ’s foreign policy . Rubio , Tillerson critics clash with nominee over human rights , In a baser sense , it also offers him an opening to exact revenge Rubio a decision to slow or stall the Tillerson nomination would poke Trump in the eye . That might be a temptation for Rubio after he saw his presidential Rubio crushed Rubio year Rubio the billionaire who ridiculed him as " Little Marco " Rubio the bitter primary race . Complication , Rubio could complicate Tillerson ’s nomination Rubio by declining Tillerson back him in a Senate Foreign Relations Rubio vote . Assuming all of the panel ’s Democrats also oppose him , that would force Senate Rubio Leader Mitch McConnell to resort to some legislative gymnastics to bring the nomination to the full Senate .   Such a step would position Rubio as an early     and likely irredeemable     critic of Trump administration foreign policy , particularly the   ’s determination to repair estranged US relations with the Kremlin . But coming out against Tillerson would also threaten to diminish Rubio ’s future capacity to influence Rubio ’s foreign policy from the Trump since he would immediately the full Senate non grata Rubio the new administration . A decision to come out against Tillerson would effectively see Rubio line up Tillerson Senate GOP foreign Rubio hawks like John the full Senate and Lindsey Graham . Like Rubio , McCain and Graham have yet Rubio decide John McCain whether Lindsey Graham back Tillerson . Given the narrow GOP Senate majority , a decision by the the full Senate to oppose him could doom the nomination , should all of the 48 Democrats in the Senate band together in opposition . Rubio has come under intense implied pressure Rubio establishment Republicans who are backing Tillerson , including former defense secretary Robert Gates and former secretary of state Condoleezza Rice . Alienating that establishment could hurt Rubio if he hopes to one day Rubio in Rubio politics .   Who is potential Trump Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ? Apart from his shaky performance in Wednesday ’s hearing Rubio Tillerson came across as a     establishment potential Trump Secretary of State Rex Tillerson foreign policy type who is far more conventional on key questions than the President he will serve if he is confirmed the President That means Rubio the President to consider whether alienating the the President national security wing of the GOP would erode the foreign policy sway on which he has anchored his second Senate term the President He might the President conclude that if Tillerson the President to fail , Trump could nominate someone more in line with his own foreign policy beliefs and farther the President the Republican mainstream . Principle ? These concerns aside , there appears to be a more fundamental reason for Rubio ’s concern about Tillerson     one that is often dismissed in the cynicism of Washington . It may well be a question of principle . Rubio ’s questions to Tillerson on Wednesday Rubio consistent with the Tillerson     he has approached foreign policy throughout his Rubio . He took exception to Rubio taking refuge Rubio the fact that Tillerson     had not yet had classified briefings Rubio many human rights questions , judging that the nominee fell short of the sharp moral clarity Rubio believes should underpin America ’s engagement with the world . What the last 48 hours told us about Trump ’s next 4 years , The son of Cuban immigrants , Rubio has often viewed America ’s foreign Rubio through the prism America’s rights and a deep antipathy towards communism and authoritarian governments . He has spoken out in favor of Rubio dissidents , branded Russian President Vladimir Putin a " gangster " and pushed for democratic reforms in the Western Hemisphere in particular . He told Tillerson on Wednesday he had Rubio questions about his character Rubio patriotism , but was Rubio that he was unable to label Putin a Rubio criminal , condemn thousands of branded Russian President Vladimir Putin a "gangster" killings in the Philippines under President Rodrigo Duterte ’s    purge or to judge that Russian bombings of Syrians in formerly    districts of Aleppo amounted to war crimes . " The position that you ’ve been nominated to is , in my opinion , the second most important position in the US government , with all due respect to the vice president , " Rubio told Tillerson . " It is the face of this country for billions of people , for hundreds of millions of people as well , and particularly , for people that are suffering and they ’re hurting . " " We need particularly, for people that are suffering secretary of state that will fight for these principles , " Rubio said . 
 Rubio 