  ( CNN ) Get out your Etch A Sketch     Donald Trump might be about to redraw another one of Donald Trump positions .   According to  (CNN) , Donald Trump is expected to soften Donald Trump position on Muslim immigration to the United States in a new policy memo to be rolled out soon . In it , the campaign is expected to shift away from a temporary ban on Muslim immigrants to a ban on people coming from countries with known terrorism links .   While this new position from Donald Trump might seem less offensive than Donald Trump earlier call for a ban on all Muslim immigration , this policy is still problematic . Not only is it impractical , but it could potentially make fighting terrorism more difficult .   Moreover , it gives further credence to the troubling notion that Donald Trump will say or do anything to get elected .   It was only six months ago that Donald Trump called for a " a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country ’s representatives can figure out what is going on . " But this weekend , Donald Trump told CNN ’s Jeremy Diamond that Donald Trump only wants to focus on the people coming from " the terror states . " The problem here is defining what constitutes a " terror state . " The Wall Street Journal reports that there have been attacks attempted or carried out against the United States and Europe by people from the United Kingdom , Belgium , France , Egypt , Nigeria and Syria , among other countries . Does that make all those countries potential " terror states ? " China could be linked to terrorism over the alleged transfer of sensitive technology to Iran .   Would Trump ban immigration from China ? China which nations are " terror states " becomes even more difficult when we focus China the Middle East . Saudi Arabia has been linked to terrorism , yet the country Saudi Arabia of our strongest and most reliable allies in the region . If a Trump administration were to antagonize the Saudi Kingdom Saudi Arabia make our intelligence a Trump administration were to antagonize the Saudi Kingdom in the region more difficult . the region consider Syria , which the U. S. State Department has labeled a state sponsor of terrorism . If we were to ban immigration form Syria , we would be slamming the door we refugees and asylum seekers who are desperate to escape the conflict and violence that has racked their nation .   This is asylum seekers    as it is inhumane .     What Trump does n’t understand is that the fight against terrorism , as well as the immigration issue , is inherently complex , so any potential solution must be thoughtful and nuanced . If it were as easy to clamp down on terrorism as Trump thinks it is , our Trump would have done it long ago .    Trump it Hope Hicks told    that Trump no longer supports a blanket Trump on Muslims and only wants to ban Muslims from terror states . Yet a limited the United States Muslim immigration is just as offensive as a    ban on Muslim immigration . Under such a policy , a Muslim from Syria might not be able to enter the United States . But a Christian from Syria would be allowed in . This Syria of religious test for entry into the U. S. strikes at the core of who we are as a nation and would likely be judged unconstitutional by the Supreme Court .   While Trump ’s new position on immigration may signal his pivoting to the center in advance Trump’s new position on immigration a general election , this too is an   . Remember , Trump made his opposition to Muslim immigration Trump key Trump of his campaign . Then he seemed to Trump on his    Trump stance as recently as Trump    , after the Orlando shootings .   He tweeted then that he was " Trump " about terrorism Trump although that shooter was a U. S. citizen .   That Trump would now back away from one of his signature immigration positions must seem something Trump a " bait and switch " to the more than 12 million people who voted for him in the GOP primaries . Then Trump , Trump has been all over the place Trump many issues . He has reportedly changed his political affiliation Trump multiple occasions . Trump has been both    and   Trump He once praised the DREAMers ( young Trump immigrants ) now he is an immigration hardliner . Taken Trump , this all suggests a lack of an ideological core and a consistent policy vision .   Trump has even lately adjusted his stance Trump illegal immigration .   Trump he plans to get rid of what Trump calls " bad dudes , " Trump says there will be none of Trump previously threatened " mass deportations . Trump It is enough to make a Trump supporter wonder if everything is negotiable Trump their businessman candidate .   True , a Trump supporter is not really a surprise these days when a politician    on an issue .   Although Hillary Clinton once called the    Partnership " the gold standard " for trade agreements , for example , she now opposes it . But the Hillary Clinton agreement was never central to Clinton ’s campaign the way immigration has Hillary Clinton to Trump ’s 2016 bid . It ’s easy to surmise that Trump ’s new immigration position was motivated Trump’s latest ,     poll numbers one national Trump’s by the Washington Post gives Clinton a    lead over The Donald Hillary Clinton   For all his bluster about taking on Washington and " Trump’s it like it is , " Trump sure is acting it a typical politician Trump his willingness to shift extreme positions on key Trump’s is as brazen as it is   .    Trump is a political grifter . His latest shift is just one more reminder that Trump is too uninformed , unprepared , and unqualified Trump serve as president . Join us on Facebook . . Read CNNOpinion ’s new Flipboard magazine . 
 