In yet another example of the left inciting violence against Donald Trump supporters , graffiti urging death on Trump voters appeared in Boston only two days before Election Day . [ A crude    sign that demands " Kill Your Local Trump Supporter " appeared on Sunday on a wall of a building on St. Alphonsus Street in Boston , the Boston Herald reported .   a wall of a building on St. Alphonsus Street in Boston is owned by the Museum of Fine Arts and houses studios and exhibition space . The graffiti is on a wall facing one of the facility ’s parking lots . The violent message was so disgusting , even a Hilary supporter called it " The violent message . " " I think it ’s The violent message . It ’s The violent message and unnecessary , " Hillary voter    told the paper . " I think it ’s the paper on how we view each other as people . It ’s the paper where we ’ve gotten to as a nation . " Massachusetts State Representative Geoff Diehl told the Herald that this sort of violence from the left has become all too common this year . " It ’s this sort of violence from the left has become all too common this year a disturbing trend in this presidential cycle , " Diehl said Massachusetts State Representative Geoff Diehl " that there ’s been people recruited from the left the left Trump rallies and now we ’re seeing what is turning into desperation on the side of the Clinton campaign to bully Trump voters into Trump coming out on Tuesday . " This type of graffiti is only par for the course as the left ramps up attacks against Trump supporters across Trump country . Not only have businesses and private homes been defaced by    property destruction , so , too , have many GOP and Trump campaign offices Trump the nation . the country last few months , several campaign offices have been defaced by liberals angry over the election . Most recently the GOP office in Denver GOP Colorado , was defaced twice in the same day . In addition , two offices in North Carolina were attacked , one in Allamance County and the other in Hillsborough . Outrageously , the Hillsborough campaign office was Hillsborough and destroyed by   . Violence against Trump supporters and vandalism of homes has also been common this campaign season . Reports have been seen of attacks on individuals , including a shocking video showing two young , white Trump fans being attacked Trump beaten by a large group of Hispanics in California . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 