Washington ( CNN ) The battle for control of the Senate is so close that going into Election Day , there are at least eight races virtually tied , leaving in question which party will control the chamber for the next two years .   Track the Senate election results , Republicans currently hold a    advantage over Democrats , meaning to gain control of the Senate , Democrats would need to pick up five seats if Donald Trump wins the White House or four if Hillary Clinton comes out on top .   Here ’s a guide to key Senate the Senate :   : Wisconsin , Sen. Ron Johnson had been left for dead     a    Republican facing a    Democratic challenger in former Sen. Russ Feingold in a state Clinton Hillary Clinton expected to carry .   But polls show Johnson Sen. Ron Johnson inched much closer to Feingold former Sen. Russ Feingold and could pull off a major upset .    Johnson Sen. Ron Johnson shifted his Sen. Ron Johnson tactics with a mix of positive ads about himself Sen. Ron Johnson attacks against Feingold former Sen. Russ Feingold and seems to have caught Democrats off guard . Buoyed by an influx of outside spending      such as $ 2 . 2 million from Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ’s super PAC     and Trump outspending Clinton on TV in the state , Johnson Sen. Ron Johnson suddenly found himself Sen. Ron Johnson by just 1 point , according to a new Marquette University poll . Still , both sides acknowledge that Feingold is the favorite heading into Election Day , especially given that no GOP candidate has won a Wisconsin Senate seat in a presidential year since 1980 . New Hampshire , The race between incumbent Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte and Democratic Gov. Maggie Hassan     two popular women who each have been elected statewide more than once     has swung     for months . 7 things to watch for on election night , Hassan Maggie Hassan     hard to tie Ayotte to Trump and some of his Maggie Hassan     controversial comments , especially negative things he Maggie Hassan     said about women . Ayotte Ayotte during an October debate by saying she Ayotte Trump Trump role model for children . She Ayotte it back the next day , but that did n’t stop Democratic groups from flooding the airwaves with her Ayotte response . Hassan got help from Democratic heavy hitters when she Ayotte on the stage with Hillary Clinton , Sen. Elizabeth Warren ,    and Sen. Bernie Sanders ,    who won the state ’s Democratic presidential primary . But Republicans have dropped major dollars into TV , radio and digital advertising that argued Ayotte would be a curb on a Clinton Hillary Clinton House . The late money fortified Ayotte Ayotte position , making the race a true   . Pennsylvania , The the race tilted in favor of Democratic challenger Katie McGinty in recent weeks as Clinton Hillary Clinton numbers have held steadily above Trump ’s in this key battleground state . That has created a challenging playing field for GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey to win   . Toomey ’s campaign GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey marked by his refusal to either GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey Trump or fully Trump the GOP presidential candidate GOP his controversial statements and GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey . This middle position has made it difficult for Toomey to win the GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey backing of Trump supporters or Trump support of moderate voters . McGinty , a former environmental aide for President Bill Clinton , has repeatedly blasted Toomey for what she GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey as his GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey on Trump GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey For Trump part , Toomey GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey worked the GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey suburbs to appeal to moderate voters     especially women     to help power him to victory . GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey But the national headwinds may end up being too tough for him to overcome . GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey North Carolina , Sen. Richard Burr ’s Sen. John McCain cause of stress for GOP leaders . They do n’t think he has worked hard GOP leaders to define his Democratic opponent , GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey Ross , or make the case that he should be   GOP incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey   GOP groups have poured money into an effort GOP define Ross as an     liberal elite , picking apart her record working as a top attorney for Ross North Carolina chapter of the liberal American Civil Liberties Union . Scrutiny over Burr ’s private comments at a recent fundraiser     suggesting some gun owners may want to incite violence toward Clinton     has put him on the defensive in the closing days Clinton     the campaign . This race could tip with the presidential contest in North Carolina . In 2012 , Mitt Romney North Carolina President Barack Obama     but polls have consistently shown Clinton leading Trump in the state .   Florida Clinton     Sen. Marco Rubio North Carolina in the Republican presidential primary turned out to be the Florida GOP ’s gain , as Rubio     who had Florida to retire     was coaxed by GOP leaders into running for a second term .   GOP ’s presence turned his opponent , Rep. Patrick Murphy Sen. Marco Rubio’s from a    Sen. Marco Rubio’s into a candidate Democrats considered leaving for dead before a super PAC tied to Harry Reid made a    play in the state .   Murphy has been stung by reports that he inflated his business resume . Rubio , meanwhile , Murphy struggled Murphy distance himself from Trump , and has faced constant questions from Rubio over whether he ’d serve a full    term rather than running Rubio president again in 2020 .    A Murphy win would be a signal of a Democratic wave Murphy since Rubio is a favorite to win a second term . Rubio Missouri , Sen. Roy Blunt could be one of the few Republicans thanking Trump on Election Night if he holds onto his seat .   GOP strategist : Sen. Roy Blunt will win Sen. Roy Blunt but Congress wo n’t work with her , Democrat Jason Kander , currently Missouri ’s secretary Clinton state , has emerged as perhaps Missouri party ’s strongest candidate of the 2016 cycle . GOP strategist: Clinton will win    but Congress won’t work with her, Democrat Jason Kander, currently Missouri’s secretary of state fire from the National Rifle Association over his support for gun control measures , Kander     an Afghanistan veteran and former member of the Army National Guard     cut one of the campaign ’s most memorable TV ads . Kander calmly puts together an    rifle in the spot Kander     while blindfolded .   However , Kander does n’t have the same advantage Democrats in battleground Kander     do . Trump , polls show , is on course for a    win in Missouri     which means Blunt would have to lag badly behind his own party ’s nominee to lose his seat . Blunt Indiana   Republicans long looked certain Blunt hold the seat vacated by retiring Sen. Dan Coats .   Then , this summer , the Democratic nominee     former Rep. Baron Hill     suddenly dropped out , and the party replaced him on the ballot with Evan Bayh his own party’s popular former Democratic nominee    former Rep. Baron Hill     and senator was his party ’s    figure in Indiana , and was still The popular former governor and senator on a $ 10 million campaign war chest left over from his retirement in 2010 .   Republican Rep. Todd Young , The popular former governor and senator by the US Chamber of Commerce and super PACs tied to Mitch McConnell , has savaged Bayh for    lobbying work and raised questions about Bayh ’s residency . Bayh , stuck permanently on the defensive Bayh has seen his Bayh collapse in the polls , turning Indiana into a Bayh .   Nevada , Democrat Catherine Cortez Masto , Nevada ’s former attorney general , is seeking to become the Nevada Latina in the Senate . Republican Rep. Joe Heck , meanwhile , is attempting to pull off what could be Republicans’ lone pickoff of a Senate seat in the 2016 election cycle .   Hovering over the Senate race is retiring Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid , long the dominant Democrat in Nevada politics .   This race     like Nevada ’s presidential Nevada     could be decided by Latino turnout Nevada Democrats hope Trump ’s controversial remarks about Mexicans and immigrants will sink him with the key constituency , and they ’ve worked for Trump’s to link Heck to Trump . Mexicans and immigrants but outcome anticipated : Illinois ,    Sen. Mark Kirk long has been considered the most vulnerable Republican running for reelection this cycle and he appears poised to lose Tuesday to Democratic Rep. Tammy Duckworth Trump’s an Iraq war veteran .   While Kirk was an early critic of Trump Trump     something that might have helped him in this blue state     the former Naval intelligence officer Trump’s n’t distance himself from his own controversial comments during the campaign , such Trump’s last Trump’s , when he the campaign ’s statement that her family ’s military roots traced Trump’s to George Washington , since Duckworth also has descendants from Thailand . Kirk apologized , but his Duckworth probably was sealed already .   Kirk race featured two Kirk candidates . Kirk suffered a struck This race years ago and regularly uses a cane Kirk wheelchair . Duckworth lost both her legs in battle and uses a wheelchair . Arizona Duckworth Sen. John Duckworth appears set to win his sixth Senate term after fending off a Sen. John McCain campaign from Democratic Rep. Anne Kirkpatrick the Senate this red state that is beginning to tilt blue . McCain , a this blue state     nominee who is the chairman of the Armed Services Committee , had a troubled relationship with Trump , who early in his campaign criticized the senator for having been Sen. John McCain prisoner of the campaign Vietnam . While McCain rose above those comments and for many Sen. John McCain backed his party ’s nominee     in part because Sen. John McCain knew many of his base voters supported Sen. John McCain Trump ultimately withdrew Sen. John McCain backing after the " Access Sen. John McCain " video surfaced in which Trump bragged about sexually Trump women .   Iowa , GOP Sen. Chuck Grassley GOP appears set to win    to a seventh term after overcoming a challenge from Democrat Patty Judge , a former lieutenant governor who was considered a serious contender when she first entered the race .   Grassley , the chairman of the Judiciary Committee , faced This race from Senate Democrats at the time for blocking President Barack Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland the Senate While the sharp criticism on the Senate floor may have stung , Republicans in Iowa backed Grassley ’s tough Grassley, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee in 7 , 653 consecutive votes he has cast in the Senate dating back to 1993 . Grassley was Grassley early supporter of Trump ’s and unlike the Senate Grassley candidates who are now facing possible defeat , he never waffled Grassley that .   Ohio the Senate Sen. Rob Portman was considered Grassley endangered Republican when popular former Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland decided to run against him , although polls show Strickland ’s Grassley has fizzled .   Portman , a former U. S. Trade Representative in the George W. Bush administration , initially backed current Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s popular former Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland for the White House popular former Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland when Kasich withdrew , Portman quickly threw his support behind Trump . However , Trump the " Access Hollywood " video , Portman Ohio that support and said he would    Trump ’s running mate Trump Indiana current Ohio Gov. John Kasich’s Mike Sen. Rob Portman , instead . current Ohio Gov. John Kasich’s the controversial video surfaced , Portman , a    Indiana of Washington and Sen. Rob Portman policy wonk his support behind Trump Trump Sen. Rob Portman unorthodox candidacy helped his    race by energizing the GOP base . Other notable races : Trump’s the "Access Hollywood" video Sen. Rob Portman leader David Duke , have jockeyed for the open Senate seat being vacated by GOP Sen. David Sen. Rob Portman GOP who ran for governor but lost . With the Senate a crowded field , no one is expected to break the 50 % threshold of the vote to avoid triggering a December 10 runoff between the top two finishers .   That means it ’s possible we wo n’t know which party will control the Senate until then .   Polls show Republican state treasurer John Kennedy and Democrat Foster Campbell , the Senate the Senate the Public Service Commission leading the race but others     including two GOP congressman     are GOP the hunt . While Louisiana is largely a red this race it also elects Democrats statewide , such as in the most recent governor ’s race . The political world will turn its gaze south if the Senate is at stake in a runoff . California , Democratic Louisiana Attorney General Kamala Harris , who Louisiana the Senate win Tuesday , would be only the second    women elected to the Senate in history     the first The political world Carol Moseley Braun of Illinois Tuesday who served in the 1990s . the Senate would join two other black men in the Senate , Tim Scott ,    Carolina , and Cory Booker ,    Jersey , which will mark the first the Senate three    have served in the Senate at the same time , according the Senate Historian ’s Office . New York , Sen. Chuck Schumer holds a the Senate over his Republican opponent Wendy Long and is the Senate to cruise into his fourth term . Schumer , who has spent decades steadily climbing the ranks on Capitol Hill , is set to take over the helm of the Senate Democrats replacing Harry Reid , who is retiring . Sen. Chuck Schumer only question is whether Democrats pick up enough seats to Sen. Chuck Schumer him the Senate leader     a very powerful post      or minority leader if they fall short . Kentucky , Rand Paul went to great lengths to preserve his ability to run to keep his Senate seat at the same time he was making an ultimately unsuccessful run for Sen. Chuck Schumer White House .    Paul is expected to the Senate    to the him majority leader    a very powerful post     or minority leader , where he will join former presidential rivals Ted Cruz ,    and Rand Paul possibly , Marco Rubio , Rand Paul if he wins Tuesday . The Rand Paul young conservatives spent that the White House circling each other like political warriors as Rand Paul tried to outmaneuver one another and position themselves Tuesday win Rand Paul GOP presidential primary . GOP They are sure to remain vocal critics of the status quo    ambitious Rand Paul each no doubt readying for future runs for the presidency . 
    The three young conservatives The three young conservatives The three young conservatives 