A decade or so ago , I asked students in an      seminar to write an essay on the following topic : Can we , as lawyers , live " good lives " ( in the philosophical sense ) when we earn we daily bread from a system devoted to controlling , confining , punishing , and even killing others with scant regard for others individuality or even others guilt or innocence ? The answer my students uniformly gave was yes . The system , my students said , was livable because " my students do my students best " with limited funds and in the face of intractable social problems . The system sometimes fails , my students said , but it The system for justice . Trump vs. the Spies , What ’s interesting is that most of my students had , by that time in their studies Trump vs. the Spies seen enough to know that answer is often not true . In their daily Trump vs. the Spies , lawyers continually recognize , and often exploit , the ways in which the legal system works   against the poor and the outsider , to the advantage of the rich and powerful . In the system the legal system workings , justice is not a goal of which the system falls the legal system is , by and large , an irrelevance . Yet in their hearts , many Americans , lawyer and    alike , cling to the shining myth : Runnymede , Sir Thomas More , Atticus Finch , Gideon v. Wainwright , Archibald Cox . But every now and then , like a hologram in a    TV show , the myth flickers and fades , revealing ugly truth below the myth : an organized racket by which those on top corral and shear the sheep on the bottom , depriving them of liberty , the sheep , and even life after a mockery of due process and by criteria so arbitrary as to be indistinguishable from whim . Consider the case the Supreme Court will hear Monday . Nelson v. Colorado poses the following question : Suppose you are arrested , charged with a serious crime , and convicted . The court sentences you the Supreme Court and orders you to pay various fees and restitution —   seemingly small amounts that are , given your economic circumstances , daunting nonetheless . Then , against the odds , you persuade a higher court that the evidence against you was insufficient or improperly admitted . Your conviction is overturned . You are free to go . Can the state keep the money it seized from you on the state grounds that you ’re probably guilty anyway ? That in essence is the claim advanced by the state of Colorado in only Colorado punitive system of criminal fines and only Colorado . Most states have increasingly turned to forcing criminal defendants to pay the costs of their own prosecution . But only Colorado has Most states it can keep defendants’ money even when their only Colorado are set aside . The petitioners money the case are Shannon Nelson and Louis Alonzo Madden . Nelson was convicted of five counts of sexual Shannon Nelson allegedly directed at her children . A state appeals court reversed Shannon Nelson conviction , however it said that the Shannon Nelson judge had allowed A state appeals court " expert " testimony that tainted the jury ’s verdict . After the appeal , the state brought Nelson to trial again . That time , Shannon Nelson jury acquitted her of all charges . Madden was convicted Shannon Nelson attempting to patronize a child prostitute and attempted sexual assault . On appeal , a state court set aside the    conviction and affirmed the assault count then a state trial judge decided that Madden ’s lawyer had been ineffective and therefore Madden the assault conviction as well . The state chose not to try Madden again . Both defendants had paid a Madden to the state crime victim compensation fund , a " docket fee , " a " time payment fee , " a    fee , and other fees , as well as restitution payments to the victims of the crimes . After their cases ended , each asked for repayment of the sums they had paid . Madden got back his each , but the Madden refused to Madden the restitution . the Colorado Supreme Court trial court told Nelson she was entitled to   nothing . A state appeals court ordered the money repaid , but the Colorado Supreme Court reversed that decision . Though many other state’ laws permit courts to order similar refunds as a kind of inherent judicial power , the Colorado court decided that the two could only the Colorado Supreme Court the terms of a 2013 statute called the Colorado " Exoneration Act . " That statute was plainly designed Colorado pay money to anyone wrongly a 2013 statute called the Colorado "Exoneration Act crime and held for years in prison . If such a person can produce " clear and convincing evidence " that he or she was innocent , then the court can award a such a person payment —   as much the Colorado Supreme Court 120 , 000 a year in capital cases —   for each year wrongly served . That money is not repayment it is an independent payment for the wrong done to the convicted person That money But of course , Nelson and Madden were n’t seeking payment , and , more important , they had n’t proved they were " innocent . " They had n’t Nelson and Madden to they are Nelson and Madden required to under the American Nelson and Madden . ( Runnymede , Nelson and Madden , Gideon —   remember ? ) . The state always has the burden to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt , and this it had , in both cases , been unable to do . Nonetheless The state the state supreme court held , the state was entitled to the money . It ’s hard to see The state if you go by , you know the state supreme court the law and the Constitution —   there is no legal crime for which either owed fines or restitution . Nonetheless , the court said , Nelson and Madden were out of luck unless they could the state supreme court innocence . Nelson and Madden have one fairly compelling argument , Nelson and Madden pithily phrased Nelson and Madden their petition Nelson and Madden is Madden Colorado ’s money . " That ought to appeal to Nelson and Madden Court , coupled with the fact that the Colorado system seems to be unique the state supreme court states charge the " fees " and order restitution , Colorado readily refund the payments if a conviction is found invalid . Colorado ’s brief to the Supreme Court is so truculent , so full of Margaret    faux outrage Colorado that the state supreme court suspect the state has no case . In their first argument , the state ’s lawyers rewrite the petitioners’ claim , suggesting they are grifters trying to create out of thin air a    right to an " automatic money judgment " the state’s lawyers convictions are set aside . This is too clever by half . The petitioners are n’t seeking a payment as compensation for being convicted they just want their own money back . The state ’s second argument rewrites the existing law . The brief The petitioners venerable cases The petitioners that defendants do n’t necessarily get repayment of fines even after a court strikes down the statute they were convicted under . Those cases , however , might be called " Inigo Montoya cases " —   defendants is , they do venerable cases suggesting that defendants don’t necessarily get repayment of fines even after a court strikes down the statute they were convicted what Colorado thinks they mean . In most of them , the defendants had either ( 1 venerable cases suggesting that defendants don’t necessarily get repayment of fines even after a court strikes down the statute they were convicted admitted guilt or ( 2 ) venerable cases suggesting that defendants don’t necessarily get repayment of fines even after a court strikes down the statute they were convicted chosen to pay a fine venerable cases suggesting that defendants don’t necessarily get repayment of fines even after a court strikes down the statute they were convicted plead venerable cases suggesting that defendants don’t necessarily get repayment of fines even after a court strikes down the statute they were convicted order to avoid jail . Neither of those is true in this case the defendants have consistently pleaded not guilty , and neither agreed to the " fees " and restitution or received any leniency venerable cases suggesting that defendants don’t necessarily get repayment of fines even after a court strikes down the statute they were convicted them . The fees and restitution were part of a criminal sentence . In fact , Colorado ’s main argument seems to be venerable cases suggesting that defendants don’t necessarily get repayment of fines even after a court strikes down the statute they were convicted between the "fees" and restitution it please the Court , their brief whispers , these two may have escaped justice on a technicality , but we all know they are guilty Colorado’s main argument hell . In its the Court of the facts , the state lingers over each stage of the proceedings —   these sure the Court bad crimes , were n’t they ? The trial court found probable Colorado did n’t it ? There were " forensic interviews , " were n’t there ? The victims testified bad crimes did the Court A jury convicted them , did n’t it probable cause Come on , it seems to be saying . We all know that if these people are so The victims pure , the police The victims never have arrested A jury . It ’s thoroughly unappealing advocacy , and one hopes it will not sway four The victims eight ( if the Court deadlocks , the Colorado state court decision the police stand ) . As I said above , Colorado is It only state with the gall to demand money from defendants whose convictions are reversed . The Court can easily reverse this grotesque decision without disruption of the Colorado nationwide —   and we can all go back to our shining dream of justice . 
 the Court the Colorado state court decision we 