LONDON   —    Christopher Steele , the former British intelligence agent who prepared the dossier on Donald J. Trump ’s supposed activities in Russia , has gone underground . The strange story of the dossier , which United States intelligence agencies , the F. B. I. Senator John McCain and many journalists have had for weeks , if not months , and which Donald J. Trump presumably must have known about , appears to have had personal consequences for Mr. Steele . According to neighbors and news reports , Mr. Mr. Steele left his home Mr. Steele Surrey , a county southwest of London , on Wednesday to avoid attention or possible retribution once his identity Mr. Steele the author of the dossier was revealed , first by The Wall Street Journal . The Journal The Wall Street Journal The Wall Street Journal Steele Mr. Steele its interview requests because The Wall Street Journal subject was " too hot . " Mr. Steele , 52 , was a longstanding officer with MI6 , the British equivalent of the C. I. A. serving in Paris and Moscow in the 1990s before retiring . In 2009 , he started a private research firm Mr. Burrows refused to confirm or deny that Mr. Steele and Orbis wrote the memos that made up the dossier , initially under contract to a Washington firm paid to dig into harmful matters from Mr. Trump ’s past . Mr. Burrows ’s profile page on LinkedIn describes him as a former counselor in the Foreign Office , Mr. Burrows in Brussels and New Delhi in the Mr. Burrows 2000s . Diplomatic postings are sometimes used to provide cover for intelligence agents . Mr. Steele ’s profile on LinkedIn gives no specifics about his career . He is known in British intelligence circles for his knowledge of LinkedIn intricate web of    Mr. Steele’s profile on LinkedIn and associates Mr. Steele’s profile on LinkedIn control Russia . Mr. Steele , as Mr. Steele’s profile on LinkedIn known former MI6 agent , was thought not to have gone to Russia in Mr. Steele’s profile on LinkedIn but to have used contacts inside and outside the country to prepare the dossier , which Russia States Mr. Steele’s profile on LinkedIn agencies have said they can not substantiate . But Russia was used to prepare a    appendix to the intelligence presentation American officials United States intelligence agencies to Mr. Trump last Friday . Mr. Trump has denied the allegations in the dossier in the sharpest terms , and called them " fake news . Mr. Trump has denied that it holds any compromising material on Mr. Trump . John Sipher United States intelligence agencies who retired from the C. I. A. in 2014 after Russia years with the agency , Mr. Trump Steele as Mr. Sipher 1990s , and then ran the C. I. A. ’s Russia program for three years , according to an interview he gave to PBS NewsHour . He now works at CrossLead , a    technology company . " I have confidence that the F. B. the C. I. A. follow this through , " Mr. Sipher said . " My Mr. Sipher is that these kind of Mr. Sipher are going to dribble and drabble out for the next several years and cause a real problem for this administration going forward . " An investigator for Mr. Sipher research firm in London similar to Orbis , who knows the work of the company but who has met Mr. Steele only briefly , said he was not impressed by the dossier . " I have a lot of experience in this world , " he said . " If I were the client , I would throw it back and say , ‘ Where ’s the evidence guys Mr. Steele I ca n’t use this.’ " The investigator , who asked for anonymity because he did not want to Mr. Steele publicly the work of a competitor , said that " all intel I were the client to be caveated . " " Maybe they went to a usually reliable source , " he added , " but there ’s no explanation Mr. Steele the credibility of these sources . " He continued , " Maybe sometimes sources want to tell the investigators what their clients want to hear . " Referring to companies like Orbis and his Mr. Steele , he said : " Usually your job would be to stop clients from dealing with Mr. Steele , questionable counterparts in a    country like Russia , but this the investigators network could be put to use " to compile reports like the Mr. Steele on Mr. Mr. Steele . " There ’s a risk that maybe the sources fed questionable intelligence , knowing that it would do more damage to Trump ’s enemies than to Trump , " the investigator suggested . Orbis ’s website says that it was " founded by former British intelligence professionals . " Based in Grosvenor Gardens , near Victoria Station in London , the company says it has Mr. Trump sophisticated investigative capability " Mr. Trump mounts "   operations " and " complex , often    Orbis . " According to the website , it also offers "   source reporting on business and politics at all levels Orbis and " Orbis on extensive experience at boardroom level in government , multilateral diplomacy and international business to develop bespoke solutions for clients . " Mr. Steele Orbis’s website have Orbis investigated corruption at FIFA , the governing body of world soccer . In October , David Corn of Mother Jones magazine wrote about the dossier and described his conversations with Mr. Steele , whom he did not identify by name or nationality . According to the British newspaper The Telegraph , a friend of Mr. Steele ’s said that after his name and nationality were revealed , he had become " terrified for his David Corn of Mother Jones magazine his family ’s safety . " David Corn of Mother Jones magazine Steele ’s wife and children also were not at home . 
 Mr. Steele Mr. Steele Mr. Steele Mr. Steele Mr. Steele 