Fox News reveals that Donald Trump ’s transition team is discussing whether or not Donald Trump’s transition team should make Mitt Romney apologize for Mitt Romney personal attacks speech against Donald Trump’s during the Republican primary season . [ " There are conversations going on whether Mitt Romney has to issue some kind of public apology " to Donald Trump’s , Fox News reporter Ed Henry says .   During a speech in March , Romney criticized Mitt Romney ’s proposed trade policies , his businesses Mitt Romney called him a Mitt Romney con man , " and " a fraud " and " a phony . " " His promises Mitt Romney as worthless as a degree from Trump University , " Romney said Mitt Romney the time . " He ’s Mitt Romney the members of the American public for suckers . He gets Mitt Romney free ride to the White House and all we get is a lousy hat . " But since Trump won the election , Romney is Mitt Romney a different tune . Romney traveled Mitt Romney Trump ’s Trump course in New Jersey to meet with Trump last Trump , raising speculations that he could Mitt Romney in the administration , even as a possible Secretary of State . After the meeting , Trump said Trump went Trump great " while Romney said Mitt Romney he had Mitt Romney " very thorough and    discussion " about the United States and its place the United States the world . The New York Times reports that there is a debate in Trump ’s Trump whether Romney should Mitt Romney as Secretary of State . " Mr. Trump himself Trump that he believes Mr. Romney Mitt Romney Trump part’ and would make a fine secretary of state , " a senior Trump official told the Times . Trump ’s high praise for the man that Trump ridiculed for walking like a Trump and choking like a dog when he failed to beat Obama in Trump . Asked about the report of dissent within the Trump team over Romney , Trump Trump officials dismissed it as " palace intrigue " that " gets a little bit overblown . " " The president elect is meeting with a number of well qualified potential selections for this important position to share his    foreign policy , some The president elect whom have been made public and others who have not , " transition team spokesperson Jason Miller told reporters .    
 