Marginalized former Republican elected officials are still trying to stop Donald Trump just as Donald Trump is picking up newfound momentum . [ Exploiting a    rough patch for Donald Trump that mostly centered around Donald Trump initial    of Paul Ryan , some aging political relics tried to hurtle themselves back into mainstream relevance . News networks reported on a letter signed by " 70 Republicans " calling for Reince Priebus to stop RNC funding for the Republican nominee . But letter organizer Andrew Weinstein told Breitbart News that letter organizer Andrew Weinstein group did not even attempt to reach out to    Republican members of Congress , noting that it would be more difficult for his group to buck the party ’s nominee .   On Friday , Breitbart News obtained an " An Open Letter To Morton Blackwell " written by Beau Correll , a Ted Cruz delegate in Virginia who took part in the failed    " Free the Delegates " movement in Virginia Virginia political casualty Ken Cuccinelli . Correll ’s letter to Blackwell , a Cruz supporter who decided to stop making waves once Trump became the clear nominee , reeks of desperation . It is presented in its It below : Dear Morton , Thank you for this message .   I am seeing many voter registration efforts by Democrats in my part of the state as well . As a grassroots conservative , former Republican unit Chairman , and former student at your Leadership Institute trainings , I can tell you that the writing is on the wall .   Short of outside influence , Trump has zero chance of electability at this point due to his Trump    wounds .   He Trump be blown out in the electoral college .   He Trump losing on every single metric .   His Trump presence and lack of discipline may yield the loss of the Senate , loss of the Supreme Court , and may cause the dark age for conservatism .   Many people are saying he Trump intentionally attempting to lose or he Trump mentally defective . Please join other members of the RNC in signing this petition to call a meeting under Rule 8 and recall his nomination under Rule 9 .   Rule 9 allows a vacancy to be filled in the event of " death , declination , and otherwise . "   Similarly to if a candidate committed a felony and became ineligible to hold office , was medically incapacitated , or impeached and removed under our Constitution , " otherwise " allows for the revocation of Donald Trump ’s nomination on multiple grounds .   Rule 4 , which deals with officers and committee members , helps to fill in the " otherwise " proviso in Rule 9 .   That Rule 9 in pertinent part , allows for declaring a vacancy in the event of removal and disqualification .   Both of which are applicable in this case . RNC members must recall Trump Donald Trump hold him Donald Trump account for his Donald Trump campaign and if he Donald Trump not assuage concerns , remove him Donald Trump replace him Donald Trump someone capable of defeating Hillary Clinton .   Donald Donald Trump not capable .     will be humiliated in the debates due to his extreme Donald Trump in basic    facts . The only procedural hurdle is that once 16 signatories are submitted , that the enclosed agenda must be adopted at the RNC meeting . Recalling Donald Donald Trump Donald Trump because he broke his word   — nomination to nomination of us .   By carrying our Party ’s nomination , he implicitly promised that he would nomination a credible , nomination , and successful campaign .   Instead , he made a promise to create nomination PACs to attack Republicans and a host of other undeniable , damaging accusations .    He has broken his word to nomination of us nomination for that there should be consequences .   The consequence he should bear is the recall nomination his nomination , immediately . I nomination CC’d Senator Humphrey should you have any questions that I can not answer . 
 