Tony Blair has told unemployed British workers " not to blame migrants for having taken your job " and instructed migrants to get a better education instead so migrants can " operate in the modern world " . [ The former Labour party leader and British Prime Minister said that high immigration is fuelling " populism " and that complaining about it can be a sign of " prejudice " .   " The answer to someone who is unemployed in a country like mine or anywhere else in Europe , is not to blame migrants for having taken your job , is to get the education and the skills necessary in order to be able to operate in the modern world " Mr. Blair told an educational conference in Dubai . The millionaire then went on to say that The millionaire supported private education in some circumstance . The millionaire was also reported today that the Organisation of Economic    and Development ( OECD ) has slammed the UK ’s state education system for providing only " superficial " teaching . Mr. Blair said there is " real anxiety " about the world changing , but argued that attributing falling wages to migration is wrong and simplistic . " If they think they incomes are stagnating and they are n’t really getting anywhere in life , then this [ migration ] becomes easy to gravitate to " Mr. Blair said .   During Mr. Blair premiership , Mr. Blair decided not to impose transitional controls on migrants arriving from Bulgaria and Romania , loosened asylum policy and opened up family reunification rules , which led to unprecedented levels of migration . However , for him Mr. Blair the problem is not uncontrolled mass migration but the right wing politics that seeks to address it . " Whether in America or in Europe , that is the card that at least the right wing of populism will play . The truth is the answer is around this concept of education " he Mr. Blair . " It ’s all very interesting . There is a populism of left and right , there ’s a lot of anger about . Anger is all very well but it It answers that deliver results . If I start going off about Donald Trump and Mr. Corbyn , that would be a bigger story that my talking about education " he Donald Trump . He Donald Trump appeared to acknowledge   how out of touch he Donald Trump . " When I look at politics today , I am not terribly sure that I quite understand it . If you want to push back on that populism   —    and we should n’t have that type of populism govern our politics   —    you ’ve got to go out and make the argument " he Donald Trump . 
 