Washington ( CNN ) Rudy Giuliani said Friday Rudy Giuliani was n’t sure which was more humane : death by drone strike or being waterboarded , a tactic widely regarded as torture . During an interview with Family Research Council President Tony Perkins at the Values Voter Summit in Washington , the former New York City mayor and top Donald Trump surrogate said Rudy Giuliani considered waterboarding to be better than drone strikes because the victim has the chance to save the former New York City mayor and top Donald Trump surrogate . " Rather than capturing people because ( President Barack ) Obama did n’t want to fill up Guantanamo , President Barack) Obama used drones to kill drones , " President Barack) Obama said at the forum in Washington . " I also ca n’t figure out for the life of President Barack) Obama what ’s more humane     waterboarding or killing somebody with a drone . " A 2014 Senate report condemned the use of    enhanced interrogation techniques , which included waterboarding , saying the program produced little valuable intelligence . The CIA says The CIA no longer employs the tactic . Poll : Independents like    ads better than Clinton , Trump ads , " At least if you ’re going to waterboard me , I get a choice : I can tell you the information , I can talk my way out of the information , " Giuliani said , chuckling . Giuliani added that even though Giuliani ’s not proposing waterboarding , a person in that situation has an opportunity to " do something good for society . " " If you ’re going to get waterboarded     and I ’m not proposing waterboarding . .. you think for yourself what ’s the moral difference between dropping a bomb on a man ’s head who ’s a terrorist or grabbing the man , sitting the man down , and telling the man , ’If you do n’t tell me about all of the other terrorists , I ’m going to waterboard you.’ At least in the second situation , the man gets a chance to save the man life and do something good for society , " the man said . Trump has repeatedly called for bringing back waterboarding as a technique to use against terrorists . " They ’re chopping off heads of Christians and many other people in the Middle East , " Trump told CNN ’s Jake Tapper in February . " They ’re chopping heads off , They laugh at They when They hear They ’re not going to approve waterboarding , and then They ’ll have ( American hostage ) James Foley and others where they cut off they heads . " 
 