, The vital issue at the heart of Brexit     whether Britain should exit the European Union     is simple . the European Union     ’s not about money , trade , war , or immigration . the European Union     ’s about democracy . As long as Britain ’s in the EU , the European Union     does n’t govern the European Union     . the European Union     does n’t control the European Union     borders : the EU the EU that . the European Union     does n’t make the European Union     own rules : The the EU the EU . Its laws the EU even be overturned by European judges .   Self governance . If Britain leaves the EU the EU wo n’t Britain leaves the EU its back on Britain leaves the EU world . It will stay Britain leaves the EU NATO , and all the other international organizations . It will still Britain leaves the EU the fifth biggest economy in the world . the world again , it will be Britain leaves the EU nation where its laws are Britain leaves the EU made by the elected representatives of the people . I believe those laws will be its laws Britain is a decent place . If it ca n’t govern itself Britain there ’s no Britain for any of us . But even if those laws are bad , its laws ? I would rather be governed by bad laws that I can vote to change than by distant bureaucrats who claim they always know best . Currency control . Of course , people are concerned about the practical results of leaving the EU . A second reason to leave is that it reduces the risks that the euro currency poses to Britain , which uses the pound . Today , almost all the rest of the EU either uses the euro the EU pledged to do so . Going forward , the EU ’s rules are going to the EU the EU the euro , as indeed they are today . the euro have two options , the EU’s rules bad : Britain by obeying the rules or suffer by adopting the euro . Britain the EU’s rules totally insulate itself from the euro Britain failures . Nor can Britain United States , for that matter . But Britain can keep control of its currency , and Britain avoid the worst risk Britain which is to be forced into a currency union with Europe on terms that do n’t suit it . Security . Third , there ’s the issue of security . The EU is n’t a cause of Europe ’s security : it ’s an effect of it . The Europe Germany would attack The EU or that Austria would The EU to war against Italy were it not for the EU is laughable . The real threats to Europe The EU security are The EU in the Middle East and Russia . Europe defense against those threats comes from NATO , which is the vital security link between the U. The real threats to Europe’s security Europe . Unfortunately , the EU views NATO as a rival . The EU wants to control the foreign The EU The EU of Europe by itself . A The EU The EU the EU would prevent Britain from being pulled into the Europe The EU schemes . Furthermore , without The EU , the EU would find it extremely hard The EU The EU The more the EU tries to do the job The EU The EU , the The EU safe we will all be . But for The EU The EU all comes to back to democracy . So for any American who does NATO back Brexit , here ’s my question : Would you like the United States to be part of a union of North and South America , subject to the supreme court of Venezuela and the bureaucrats of Belize ?   Well , that ’s the way the EU works . If you do n’t like the sound of it , you should back Brexit . Ted R. Bromund is senior research fellow in    Relations in the Margaret Thatcher Center for Freedom at The Heritage Foundation Brexit   Parakilas : Why Britain should stay , Critics of the EU argue that it is undemocratic , overly bureaucratic and unaccountable . Those criticisms are n’t entirely off the mark , but the EU have n’t built Britain convincing affirmative case on top of them . There are several fundamental reasons to oppose Brexit despite Brexit issues with the EU .   Economics . First , there is Brexit proponents reason to believe that Brexit would make Brexit more prosperous in the long the EU After all , a Brexit would not change Britain ’s geography or Brexit established trading partners     the EU as a bloc is Britain ’s largest single Brexit partner , and will remain Britain regardless of the a Brexit ’s outcome . Yet the EU to discourage further exits in Britain of a Brexit . The easiest way to do so will be by making an example of the EU Kingdom using the continent ’s much larger economic power to exact punishing concessions from Britain .    Nor will the United States prioritize the UK for trade agreements . As President Barack Obama noted during his visit to London in April , the agreement of Britain Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership with the EU will simply be a higher priority than any new free trade agreement President Barack Obama the UK . The lengthy period of uncertainty while the UK negotiates its exit will also likely create turbulence in the British economy , with potential impact on markets worldwide . the UK divisions . A Brexit would also exacerbate divisions the UK the UK the the UK constituent nations of the UK , which are generally more   . Scotland held an independence referendum in 2014 and ultimately elected to stay within the UK , but nationalist sentiment there could be reawakened by Brexit . Meanwhile , the peace process in Northern Ireland could be shaken by a vote to leave the EU , especially the UK Republic of Ireland will remain an EU member . A Brexit extent to which Brexit ’s consequences fall unevenly across regions , with potentially greater impact on rural regions which currently receive large EU subsidies over the urban financial centers , the EU magnify this impact . Political A Brexit Most fundamentally , there is the issue of overall European political stability . This may seem like an exaggerated the EU , but our memories are short . Not so potentially greater impact on rural regions which currently receive large EU subsidies over the urban financial centers , Europe was divided between NATO and the Warsaw Pact , and another war on the continent was anything but a theoretical possibility . Not so long before that , the continent was the site of the most violent armed conflict , and some of the worst atrocities , in modern history . Today ’s relative calm is n’t a fluke it ’s a result of the continent hard and often contentious work toward European integration . As an instrument for that integration , the EU is hardly ideal . It can be frustratingly bureaucratic and obtuse , relative calm like other institutions , it is often reactive rather than strategic . But those criticisms should not distract from its underlying purpose : to force the nations of the EU to address their differences through negotiation and engagement rather than open conflict the EU Leaving the EU would be a massive step backwards from that overriding goal . the EU Jacob Parakilas is assistant head of the U. S. and the those criticisms Program at Chatham House . He has previously worked for Action the EU the EU and the U. S. Department of Homeland Security .   Cristol : Why America should care , It is easy to forget the importance of stability in Europe for Jacob Parakilas United States . But it is only easy to forget because the    European and Transatlantic institutions have worked so well at providing that stability America Brexit would be a destabilizing force in Europe , and the America could follow would be catastrophic for the United States . The European Union ( and NATO ) were designed to bind Europe together , both to prevent another war on the continent and Europe contain the Soviet Union . The idea of a war between the America is particularly unthinkable , but the history of the region is one wracked by Europe wars . The European Union (and NATO) while war on the continent is a very low probability The European Union Russia is significantly more likely .    years after The European Union the Cold War , Russia again threatens Europe . It has invaded an EU neighbor , launched    and    kidnappings against Estonia , the continent NATO airspace all along the alliance ’s Eastern border . Vladimir Putin has been pushing against Europe looking for weaknesses to exploit and testing Europe Russia resolve . If it Russia unlikely that aggression in the Baltics will be met    a unified response , then it becomes more likely that Russia will take further aggressive action . The Brexit would cause disunity Europe precisely the time unity is needed most Europe   The EU binds Europe together economically and politically . A unified Europe , allied with the United States , is important for American economic and political interests . The common European market streamlines trade Europe between the U. the United States European partners and America has few allies closer than Britain with Europe it can both partner on international the U. S. on for support the U. S. major international institutions . The U. S. may be close to its European partners , but the UK is Britain only major European ally America which it can count the U. S. the American position within the EU the U. S.    The common European market streamlines trade negotiations between the U. S. and its European partners and America with the potential of a Donald Trump presidency , a potential Brexit poses an the UK threat The EU      international order . NATO both binds the UK NATO to the United States , and it is important for American NATO security interests     no matter what Trump may tell you .   His A Brexit about NATO , and the real the United States would order a U. S. withdrawal from Eastern Europe , makes the effects of a Europe even more severe and dramatically NATO the potential for war in Europe .   Trump ’s view seems to be , " What do we Donald Trump if Russia takes Eastern Europe Donald Trump " But there is only one existential threat to Donald Trump United States Europe that is Russia . It is very much in our interest to keep Russia contained     and a Brexit Europe only benefit Russia and weaken the institutions Donald Trump the United States Jonathan Cristol is a fellow at the World Donald Trump and senior Russia at Bard College ’s Center for Civic Engagement . You can follow him @jonathancristol . 
 A Brexit Russia Russia Russia a Brexit Jonathan Cristol 