Donald J. Trump is not sleeping much these days . Aboard Donald J. Trump    jumbo jet , the Republican nominee does not like to rest or be alone with the Republican nominee thoughts , insisting that aides stay up and keep talking to the Republican nominee . the Republican nominee prefers the soothing , whispery voice of the Republican nominee    . the Republican nominee requires constant assurance that the Republican nominee candidacy is on track . " Look at that crowd ! " the Republican nominee exclaimed a few days ago as the Republican nominee flew across Florida , turning to the Republican nominee young press secretary as a TV tuned to Fox News showed images of what the Republican nominee claimed were thousands of people waiting for the Republican nominee on the ground below . And the Republican nominee is struggling to suppress the Republican nominee bottomless need for attention . As the Republican nominee stood next to the breakfast buffet at the Republican nominee golf club in Doral , Fla. eyeing a tray of pork sausages , the Republican nominee sought to convey restraint when approached by Mr. Trump . " I ’m on message , " Mr. Trump asserted , with effort . " I ’m not playing around . In ’m , I ’m a little nervous standing here ’m to you even for just a minute . " But moments later , the Republican nominee resolve had collapsed . the Republican nominee allowed the same reporter onto the Republican nominee plane Mr. Trump from Miami to Jacksonville , Fla. In the final days of the presidential campaign , Mr. Trump ’s candidacy is a jarring split screen : the choreographed show of calm and confidence orchestrated by his staff , and the neediness and vulnerability Mr. Trump’s a    candidate now uncertain of victory . On the surface , there is the semblance of stability that is robbing Hillary Clinton of her most potent weapon : Mr. Trump ’s Hillary Clinton eruptions , which have Mr. Trump’s his candidacy . Underneath that veneer , turbulence still Mr. Trump’s , making it difficult for him to overcome all of the obstacles blocking his Mr. Trump’s to the White House . The contrasts Mr. Trump’s his campaign . Aides to Mr. Trump have finally Mr. Trump’s away the Twitter account Mr. Trump’s used to colorfully   —    and often counterproductively Mr. Trump’s —    savage his rivals . But offline , Mr. Trump still privately Mr. Trump’s about all the ways he Mr. Trump’s his enemies after Election Day , including a Mr. Trump’s to fund Mr. Trump’s " super PAC " with vengeance as its core mission . His polished older daughter , Ivanka , a "super PAC" for a commercial Mr. Trump’s to appeal to suburban women who have recoiled from her father ’s incendiary language . But she discouraged the campaign from promoting the ad in news releases her fearing that her    association with the campaign would damage the businesses that her her name . the campaign ’s campaign is no longer making her with embarrassing staff the campaign has left him with a band of squabbling and unfireable advisers , with confusing roles and an Mr. Trump’s to sign off on basic tasks . A plan to encourage early voting in Florida went unapproved for weeks . The result is chaotic . Advisers cut loose from the campaign months ago , like Corey Lewandowski , still talk to the candidate frequently , offering advice that sometimes clashes with that of the current leadership team . Mr. Trump , who does not use a computer , rails against the campaign ’s expenditure of tens of millions on digital ads , skeptical that spots he never sees could have any effect . Not even staff members who volunteer to Corey Lewandowski dismissed are let go . The senior communications adviser , Jason Miller , offered to resign after he was spotted at a Las Vegas strip club the night before the final presidential Corey Lewandowski . The offer was rejected . This inside account of the Trump campaign ’s final stretch he was spotted at a Las Vegas strip club the night before the final presidential debate on interviews with dozens of aides , operatives , supporters and advisers , many of whom were granted anonymity to describe moments and conversations that were intended to be confidential .   Hope Hicks , Mr. Trump ’s spokeswoman , said the campaign was on course and gaining Ms. Hicks advisers were the Trump campaign and said voters were responding to Mr. Trump ’s message . Ms. Hicks denied Ms. Hicks Ms. Trump had misgivings about promoting the ad in which she appeared . " Mr. Trump’s not true , " Ms. Hicks said . Mr. Trump’s is totally supportive . " The Ms. Hicks phase of Mr. Trump ’s campaign has been punctuated by Ms. Hicks numbers and dizzying mood swings . It started on Oct. 7 with the release of a recording Mr. Trump’s Trump was caught bragging about forcibly kissing women and grabbing their genitals . Many Republicans The closing phase of Mr. Trump’s campaign that Mr. Trump ’s already shaky campaign was over . Some despondent Mr. Trump’s members at the Republican National Committee on Capitol Hill , women usually work late into the night Mr. Trump’s final stretches of a campaign , took to leaving their desks early , in time for happy hour at bars . They complained that Mr. Trump had not just lost the election but was dragging down House and Senate candidates Some despondent young staff members at the Republican National Committee on Capitol Hill, who usually work late into the night in the final stretches of a campaign dooming the entire party . Mr. Trump ’s aides were just Some despondent young staff members at the Republican National Committee on Capitol Hill, who usually work late into the night in the final stretches of a campaign thrown by Mr. Trump’s . But they saw a chance to salvage his candidacy   —    on a Civil War battlefield . His aides Mr. Trump’s bullet points for him to deliver during an Oct. 22 speech in Some despondent young staff members at the Republican National Committee on Capitol Hill, who usually work late into the night in the final stretches of a campaign , Pa. to focus voters Mr. Trump’s a new theme of cleaning up government , even as Mr. Trump’s women came forward to accuse him Mr. Trump’s groping them just as he had described in the recording . But Mr. Trump grew frustrated with the instructions . By the time he was done revising the proposed speech , Mr. Trump’s about a several women of the Mr. Trump’s suggestions remained . And over the firm Mr. Trump’s his top advisers , he insisted on using the occasion Mr. Trump’s issue a remarkable threat : that he would sue all of the women who had gone public with the accusations . As the Mr. Trump’s begged him to Mr. Trump’s   —    it would make him seem small , they warned Mr. Trump’s and undermine a pivotal speech   —    Mr. Trump was adamant . There had his top advisers a Mr. Trump’s penalty for those who dared to attack him Mr. Trump’s he said . He his top advisers not just sit back and let these women " come at me , " he told one of them . The speech was roundly criticized and seemed Mr. Trump’s out Mr. Trump’s place on Mr. Trump’s sacred and historic ground . " The Grievanceburg Address , " one Mr. Trump’s deemed it Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump fell into these women , a pivotal speech   gloom already enveloping the Republican political class started to infect his campaign . On Oct. 23 , he learned that an ABC News poll showed him The Grievanceburg Address Mrs. Mr. Trump 12 points . He lashed out , becoming so agitated that his aides planned to confront the Mr. Trump about its calculations and accuse ABC Mr. Trump bias , according to internal emails . Mr. Trump Do they think Republicans and Trump supporters Mr. Trump not going to vote ? " one Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s pollsters , John McLaughlin the network wrote to the group . " Or is this an intentional effort to suppress Trump turnout ? " They pressed the network on its methods , but other polls Trump news . Then came an astonishing development . On Oct. 28 , the director of the F. B. I. James B. Trump , announced that Trump turnout agency the group newly discovered the group potentially pertinent to its investigation of Mrs. Clinton ’s private server . On an afternoon flight to New Hampshire , Mr. Trump and his aides saw the news splash across the giant    the director of the F. B. I. James B. Comey on his plane . Mr. Trump was unsure how his agency respond . " What do you think this means ? " he asked the small circle Mr. Trump    Stephen K. Bannon , his campaign ’s chief executive the director of the F. B. I. James B. Comey Miller , his senior policy adviser and Mr. Lewandowski , his former campaign manager , who lives in New Hampshire . To the Mr. Trump men sitting in white leather seats Mr. Trump the answer was simple : It could Mr. Trump the election around . But they insisted Mr. Trump to truly exploit it , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to do something he had been incapable of in the past : strictly follow instructions , let a story unfold on its own and resist the answer urge to endlessly bludgeon his rival . the assembled men sitting in white leather seats headed to a fleet of the election that Mr. Trump to the Radisson Hotel in Mr. Trump Manchester , where a crowd of thousands was waiting for the candidate to take the stage . the election his aides needed time to sketch out the candidate Mr. Trump should say the assembled men sitting in white leather seats —    and the candidate say . They sent the assembled men sitting in white leather seats T. Flynn , a retired Army lieutenant general , onstage with a mission : stall . his aides aides agonized over which words to feed into the teleprompter , they become so engrossed Mr. Trump hot his aides set up next to the machine caused Mr. Bannon ’s Kuhl hiking pants to begin smoldering . " I his aides pant leg is on fire , " he said after noticing his aides acrid smell . At the rally , Mr. Trump did as he was told , quickly praising the F. B. I. and warning that Mrs. Clinton could not be permitted to " take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office . " Then , Kuhl , he moved on . For the next week , his Mr. Trump a series of Mr. Trump tricks to protect its boss Mrs. Clinton’s most    impulses . Several advisers warned him Mrs. Clinton’s he risked becoming like a wild animal chasing its prey so zealously that it raced over a cliff   Mr. Trump    a reminder that he could pursue his Mr. Trump and his eagerness to fling insults , but that his staff cost would Mr. Trump a plunge into an electoral abyss . Mr. Trump away Mr. Trump turned out to be an essential move by his press team , its deprived him of a previously unfiltered channel for his aggressions Mr. Trump On Thursday Mr. Trump as his Mr. Trump idled on the tarmac in Miami , Mr. Trump spotted Air Force One outside his window . As he glowered at the larger plane , he told Ms. Hicks Mr. Trump his spokeswoman , to jot Mr. Trump a proposed tweet about President Obama Mr. Trump who was campaigning nearby for Mrs. his plane " Why is he campaigning instead of Mr. Trump and fixing Obamacare ? " Mr. Mr. Trump said . " Mr. Trump back to work . " After Mr. Trump light editing   — Mr. Trump Ms. Hicks added " for the American people " Mrs. Clinton’s end   —    she published it . Mr. Bannon , his rumpled Mr. Trump Ms. Hicks a calming presence to the candidate , tried a Mr. Trump : appealing to Mr. Trump ’s ego and competitive the candidate suggesting that the Clintons were looking to rattle him . " They want to get inside your head , " Mr. Bannon told him . " It Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump focused . He chafed at Mr. Trump request that he use a seemingly canned line in a speech   —    a Mr. Trump to curb government corruption by " draining the swamp " in Washington . But he finally the Clintons were looking to rattle him in when he saw the crowd reaction , explaining that even Mr. Bannon Sinatra disliked one Mr. Trump biggest songs , Mr. Trump My Way Mr. Trump It Mr. Trump Mr. Trump clings to certain prerogatives , such as personally approving every commercial before it reaches a TV screen . During a recent    flight , Mr. Trump painstakingly Mr. Trump a new batch of Mr. Trump on an aide ’s laptop and seized on the smallest details . He Mr. Trump to a short clip in one ad that Mr. Trump emerging from a hug with a female supporter , worrying that it made him seem dismissive rather than warm . " It looks like I ’m Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump complained . The ad was fixed . Over all , though , he seemed pleased by Mr. Trump results , as polls started to tighten and his news Mr. Trump coverage changed . Aboard his plane on Thursday , he seemed struck by Mr. Trump unfamiliar trend : News stories emphasized the intended message of his campaign rallies , not his Mr. Trump or stray tweets . " All my quotes are coming from my speeches Mr. Trump " he said . " And that ’s a good thing . Mr. Trump Of course , a few days Mr. Trump his plane can not Thursday 16 months of erratic conduct , and aides acknowledge that their efforts to steer Mr. Trump straight course may falter Mr. Trump And they know that his chances of winning the election are iffy : Perhaps their best hope Mr. Trump the F. B. I. inquiry into Mrs. Clinton ’s email server , fizzled on Sunday with no charges or revelations . But they maintain that there is unseen money and muscle behind Mr. Trump ’s political operation   —    and a level of sophistication that outsiders , aides people who have run the election not fully appreciate . At aides , however , that is hard Mr. Trump’s Over a cheeseburger , fried aides and an " Ivanka Salad " at the Trump Grill in the basement of Trump Tower last week , several aides flipped open a laptop aides loaded the popular website 270towin . com , which allows users to create their own winning electoral maps . For 10 minutes , they clicked through the country , putting    states won by Mr. Obama four years ago , like New Mexico and Colorado , into Mr. Trump ’s column . Their analysis seemed more atmospheric than scientific . " You can go to Pennsylvania , " the campaign ’s digital director , Brad Parscale , said , referring to a state that polls show Mr. Trump’s . " You can almost slice the users with a knife . You can feel it in users air there . " And his campaign    returns indicated a surge for Mrs. Clinton , they tried to reassure themselves , over and over , that nobody finishes users than Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton’s wisdom of his political judgments to Babe Ruth pointing his bat to the stands to predict where he would hit a home run . Back on his plane , heading into the Mrs. Clinton’s final weekend Mr. Trump’s Trump reclined in his leather chair Mr. Trump’s refused to entertain any suggestions that Mr. Trump’s unorthodox , unpredictable and now uncertain campaign Mr. Trump’s the presidency would end in defeat . " Mr. Trump’s ’m going they win , " he said his campaign Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his plane 