Washington ( CNN ) The State Department is declining to say why Secretary of State Rex Tillerson did not attend President Donald Trump ’s announcement that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was pulling the US out of the Paris climate agreement . A senior The State Department official told CNN Thursday Tillerson Secretary of State Rex Tillerson n’t planning on attending because he Secretary of State Rex Tillerson other business at the State Department to attend to , but declined to elaborate .   Tillerson Secretary of State Rex Tillerson not have any specific meeting listed in his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson schedule at the time of the speech . His his public schedule said he Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spending the day holding meetings and briefings at the the State Department   Despite his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson absence , the State Department the State Department confirm he Secretary of State Rex Tillerson not in attendance , referring all questions to the White House . CNN has reached out to the White House for comment . The the White House ExxonMobil had advised the President not to abandon the accord , which sets voluntary carbon emissions reduction targets . On Friday , in his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson public remarks since the announcement , Tillerson shrugged off the significance of Trump ’s decision , emphasizing the United States’ " terrific record " on reducing greenhouse gas emissions , and saying he Secretary of State Rex Tillerson people can " keep ( the decision ) in perspective . " " Well Trump’s decision was a policy decision , " Tillerson told reporters at the State Department . " Tillerson I think it ’s important that everyone recognize the United States has it terrific record on reducing our own greenhouse gas emissions . " " I do the United States think we ’re going to change our ongoing efforts to reduce the United States emissions in the future the United States " he added . our own greenhouse gas emissions hopefully , people can keep it in perspective . " In his confirmation hearing in January , Tillerson said he thought it he " important that the United States maintain he seat at the table " the United States of climate change the United States adding , " No one country is going to solve this alone . " US allies have publicly criticized the Trump administration ’s decision to leave the deal , which was signed by the Obama administration and took effect in November . Only two other countries the Trump administration’s the accord : Nicaragua     which felt the deal did not go far enough in cutting emissions     and Syria . Tillerson heads to Australia and New Zealand this weekend , where the President ’s decision is sure to be raised by his foreign counterparts . Australia ’s Prime Minister told reporters earlier on Friday that Trump the President’s decision to leave Australia agreement     and earlier decision to abandon the    Partnership trade agreement     has led some to " herald a US withdrawal from global leadership , " though he added that " we should take care not to rush to interpret an intent to Australia’s Prime Minister on different terms as one not to engage at all . " CORRECTION : This story has been updated to reflect that Tillerson did not attend the speech . 
 