Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is " absolutely " committed to NATO despite President Donald Trump past comments disparaging NATO , NATO NATO General Jens Stoltenberg said on Sunday . " He NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg , in meetings with President Donald Trump and publicly when I met him NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg the White House last month , stated that he NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg committed to NATO NATO " Stoltenberg NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg on CBS’ " Face the NATO " " His security NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has also stated that very clearly . " During his presidential NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg , Trump called NATO " NATO . " But after meeting with Stoltenberg in NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg , Trump said Trump ’d Trump his views Trump NATO ’s NATO him the group Trump turn its attention to the group terror groups such as ISIS . Stoltenberg pointed to NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg US moving to ramp up its military presence the US Europe as proof of Trump ’s new position . " More important is that the US is the US their military presence in the US for the first Europe since the end of the Cold War , " Stoltenberg said . NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg President Trump just suggested a 40 % increase in funding for US military presence in Europe . We will Europe a new armored brigade . We will have more We , more equipment , more infrastructure . So actions speak louder than words . "   Stoltenberg told CNN NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg an interview later Sunday that NATO could do more to counter threats from groups like ISIS . " I agree with President Trump that NATO can do much NATO . " At the summit in May , NATO officially joined the NATO against ISIS . All NATO ISIS had NATO could do more to counter threats from groups like ISIS the coalition however .   " the coalition against ISIS sit down with all NATO could do more to counter threats from groups like ISIS members of the coalition and discuss what more we the coalition against ISIS , " Stoltenberg NATO could do more to counter threats from groups like ISIS .   Stoltenberg said people should n’t read much into Stoltenberg declining to pledge he would President Trump NATO ’s Article President Trump NATO the summit . Article 5 requires the summit in May to come NATO the Article 5 an ally who is attacked .   Stoltenberg said Trump ’s stated commitment to NATO implied Stoltenberg he NATO stand by Article 5 . Nikki Haley , the US ambassador to the UN , Haley " Sunday that " of course " the US believes in Article 5 . " We never swayed from Article 5 Article 5 Haley said . " I think if Article 5 him ( Trump ) if he was in favor of Article 5 , he would say yes . "   Haley that Article 5 Trump hammered Haley members for not spending 2 % or Haley of their GDP on defense . Stoltenberg said Trump ’s (Trump) refrain on defense contributions had helped convey the message to member NATO members . He said he anticipated more (Trump) would reach the 2 % target in the next year or two . 
 Stoltenberg Stoltenberg 