  ( CNN)"La La Land " did n’t sweep Sunday ’s 89th Academy Awards as expected , but 89th Academy Awards did take home the major awards     at least for a minute .   Faye Dunaway and Warren Beatty presented " La La Land " as the winner of the best picture award , and the celebration began on stage but was quickly ended when one of the " La La Land " winners pointed out that in fact " Moonlight " had won the award .   Warren Beatty said a moment later that Warren Beatty had opened the envelope and read a card which said " Emma Stone and La La Land . " Warren Beatty was confused and paused because of it , Warren Beatty said . " I was n’t trying to be funny , " Warren Beatty explained . " Moonlight " director Barry Jenkins took to the stage in stunned amazement . " Very clearly , even in my dreams this could not be true , " Moonlight" director Barry Jenkins said . " But to hell with dreams , I ’m done with this , cause this is true . Oh my goodness . " It was quite the Hollywood ending for Moonlight" director Barry Jenkins and Moonlight" director Barry Jenkins painfully moving     drama about a young , gay black man in a rough Miami neighborhood . Earlier Moonlight" director Barry Jenkins and original playwright Tarell Alvin McCraney won for best adapted screenplay . The pair paid homage to the disenfranchised in the disenfranchised acceptance speech for that award .   " All you people out there who feel like there ’s no mirror for you , that your life is not reflected , the Academy has your back , the ACLU has your back , we have your your back for the next four years we will we leave you alone , we will we forget you , " Jenkins said . " Moonlight " star Mahershala Ali also won for best supporting actor . Despite the    it was still a good night for " La La Land . "   At 32 years old its director "La La Land Damien Chazelle , made history Sunday night as the youngest person to ever win best director . One of his stars the youngest person Emma Stone , also won for best actress and thanked Chazelle for the opportunity to appear in his film the youngest person which came into the night with 14 nominations . Casey Affleck won best actor for his performance Casey Affleck " Manchester by the Sea . "   Along with the awards , politics and schtick from host Jimmy Kimmel were also in abundance Sunday night . Kimmel brought Jimmy Kimmel into the room and took mean tweets and his mock Jimmy Kimmel with actor Matt Damon from his show Jimmy Kimmel Hollywood ’s biggest night . Kimmel also Jimmy Kimmel swipes at Trump straight out of the gate ( " I want to say thank you to President Trump Trump last year when it seemed like the Oscars were racist ? That ’s gone , thanks to him , " Trump and joked about the diversity this year ( " It ’s been a great year . Black people saved NASA and white people saved jazz . ") It was n’t the show Kimmel , though . Some speeches stole the show at moments too .   Viola Davis did n’t talk politics when she won for Viola Davis supporting actress for " Fences " : She praised the Viola Davis . " I became an artist and thank God I did because we are the only profession that celebrates what it means to live a life , " Davis said . Viola Davis people who were n’t actually in attendance delivered memorable speeches . The best foreign language film award for Iran ’s " The Salesman " was accepted by Anousheh Ansari , who read a speech prepared by director Asghar Farhadi . Farhadi opted not director Asghar Farhadi attend in protest over President Trump ’s travel ban made it unclear whether President Trump’s travel ban would even director Asghar Farhadi allowed into the country to Iran " Dividing the world into the ’us and our enemies’ categories creates fear , a deceitful justification for aggression and war , " he wrote in his director Asghar Farhadi . " director Asghar Farhadi wars prevent democracy and human rights in countries which have themselves been victims of These wars . " Oscars : The winners list , Such political themes touched the night from the beginning , with Kimmel ’s opening monologue . Among other things , during that monologue Kimmel led Kimmel’s opening monologue Kimmel applause for the " highly   " Streep hailed this year for her Golden Globes acceptance speech in which she denounced Trump ’s campaign Streep without ever mentioning his name . Streep slammed her as " one of the most    actresses in Trump’s " Trump’s a tweet afterwards .   In the opening monologue , which followed a musical performance by Justin Timberlake , Kimmel also gave a little ribbing to the show , and to himself , joking , " This is my first time here and Kimmel way you people go through hosts it ’s probably my last time . " Academy Awards Fast Facts , The host also provided some levity later on in the broadcast in a bit which involved a group of unsuspecting tourists finding themselves suddenly a part of the show . Upon finding out that one couple was engaged , the show nominee Denzel Washington to " marry " them on the spot . 
 one couple 