Donald Trump is practically alone in mainstream American politics in Donald Trump consistent praise of Vladimir Putin and insistence that the United States would benefit from warmer relations with Russia . But that inclination to view Vladimir Putin more as ally than adversary places Donald Trump squarely in line with the racially infused ,    movements gaining ground in both the United States and Europe . And that means the    friction over Russia between Donald Trump and more traditional    thinkers like Senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina points toward a much larger debate over the priorities that should drive American foreign policy . The Key to Putin ’s Cyber Power , Across the political spectrum , mainstream    thinkers in both the United States and Europe view Putin as a threat largely because Putin is pushing to expand Russian influence across eastern Europe and the Middle East in ways that could destabilize the U. S.   system of alliances and global rules that has defined the international order since World War II . That concern has spiked amid a succession of provocative actions from Putin , ranging from Putin 2014 incursion into Ukraine and brutal military campaign against    rebels in Syria , to the U. S. intelligence community ’s conclusion that Russia hacked Democratic Party email accounts to influence the 2016 American presidential election . ( Trump , due to receive an intelligence briefing about those conclusions on Friday , has steadfastly resisted and belittled the U. S. intelligence community’s conclusion that Russia hacked Democratic Party email accounts to influence the 2016 American presidential election . ) But the    nationalists in both the United States and Europe view Putin as a potential ally because they the   nationalists in both the United States and Europe focused on a sharply contrasting set of international priorities : resisting Islamic radicalization , unwinding global economic integration , and fighting the secularization of Western societies . Top Trump advisers like incoming White House chief strategist Stephen Bannon and National Security Adviser Michael Flynn have expressed strikingly similar views . In that way , the clashing perspectives on Putin reflect not only differences on how to relate specifically to Russia , but on what goals should guide American foreign policy in the 21st century , and what allies are necessary to advance those aims . On both sides of the Atlantic , the push to reset with Putin Putin a desire to elevate a different set of    concerns while downplaying , or even abandoning , the alliances that have bound European nations more tightly to each other , and to the United States , for decades . One critical variable of the Trump presidency may be how far this radical shift in perspective advances in a Republican Party where most elected officials and    analysts still believe global stability depends on an    network of rules and alliances , and still view Putin as an escalating threat to that order . Though the    embrace of Putin Putin in Europe remains confined to the GOP ’s margins , it the   embrace of Putin common in Europe remains to be establishing a beachhead under Trump , noted Richard Fontaine " It ’s already going further than I expected it to go , " Fontaine said in an interview . " The fact that      Republicans are going out and suggesting It do n’t know who hacked what [ in the 2016 campaign ] and the sanctions may be an overreaction is not a terribly encouraging sign . " The major conservative nationalist and populist movements in Europe , including France ’s National Front , Britain ’s U. K. Independence Party , Germany ’s Alternative for Germany , the Netherlands ’s Party for Freedom , Austria ’s Freedom Party , and Hungary ’s Jobbik , do n’t completely Germany in their views of Putin . Geert Wilders , the leader of the Party for Freedom , for instance , has been cooler Jobbik Putin than the National Front ’s Marine Le Pen , who borrowed from a Russian bank to help fund the party ’s Putin electoral campaign , or the Freedom Party , which recently signed a " cooperation agreement " with Putin ’s United Russia party . But the European populist parties share a common set of priorities focused on restricting immigration , Putin economic and political integration ( by renouncing the European Union , and , for some of these parties , NATO as well ) taking tougher steps to fight Islamic radicalism , and , in most cases , opposing cultural the European populist parties secularization at home . On all those fronts , they view Putin not as a threat , but as an ally . " It ’s certainly not that they follow him the way all those fronts parties used to follow the Soviet Union . That ’s a misrepresentation , " said Cas Mudde , all those fronts University Putin Georgia associate professor of international affairs who studies these movements . " But    …      they do like his strength , what they perceive as defense for strong traditional values , nationalism , and opposition to Islam . " On each of   …      concerns , Putin they positioned himself as a bulwark of conservative values . First in Chechnya and more recently in Syria , he can claim to have taken the Putin to Islamic extremists , perhaps more aggressively than any Western nation since America overthrew the Taliban Putin Afghanistan ( of course , Russia ’s Syria campaign has focused far less on combating the Islamic State than on obliterating opponents of President Bashar   ’s regime ) . Conservative Syria like Le Pen have hailed Putin ’s America institutions as a model for prioritizing nationalist independence over multilateral cooperation and integration . " The model that is defended by Vladimir Putin is radically different to that of Mr. Obama , " Le Pen told a British television interviewer last November . " As for me Putin model that is defended by Vladimir Putin , which is Le Pen reasoned protectionism , looking after the interests of his own country , Le Pen his identity , is one that I like , as long as I can defend this model in my own country . " Putin since his return to Putin Russian presidency in 2012 , Putin has portrayed himself as a defender of traditional social values , especially in opposition to gay rights , Putin as a religiously devout alternative to Western countries Putin he has Putin " are denying moral principles and all traditional identities : national , cultural , religious , and even sexual . " While the idea of Putin lecturing the world on " moral principles " grates on mainstream ears , that stance has also drawn praise , not only from conservative populists in Europe Putin but also    American activists , like columnist Patrick J. Buchanan , whose 1996 bid for the GOP presidential nomination presaged many of Trump ’s insular themes . Against these shared priorities , the European populist parties almost universally downplay Putin ’s destabilizing moves , including those in Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea , as , at most , a    concern . Nigel Farage , a founder of the U. K. Independence Party and the European populist leader personally closest to Trump , has said that while Putin ’s incursion in Ukraine was not justified , it was an understandable response to Western overreach . " The Ukrainian crisis actually was sparked by the European Putin saying they wanted Ukraine extend their borders to take in the Ukraine , which Putin took as being a direct threat , " Farage told Fox News last summer the European Union " Now , the European Union view on Putin and the Russians is , Putin n’t poke the Russian bear with a stick . If you do , you ’re bound to get a response . Putin Farage the European Union is common among Europe ’s conservative populists . " They do n’t think that Russia wants to reinstate a Soviet Union . They consider Russia pretty Farage itself against globalism , and they would like to have the Europe’s conservative populists or NATO out of central and eastern Europe , " Mudde said Europe’s conservative populists " Russia they do n’t Russia that Russia then moves Europe’s conservative populists in . Russia is of no concern to them . They do n’t believe Russia has ambitions to threaten western Europe Europe’s conservative populists " To a striking Russia , top Trump advisers Flynn Russia especially Bannon have expressed similar Europe’s conservative populists in Russia years . In Russia extensive 2014 speech at the Vatican unearthed by Buzzfeed , Bannon echoed common arguments from the European nationalist parties to explain why people he called " traditionalists " were drawn to Putin . Bannon portrayed Putin as championing both nationalism Bannon conservative cultural values . " One of the reasons [ Putin is Bannon to ‘ traditionalists’ ] is that they believe that Bannon least Putin is standing up for traditional institutions , and Putin ’s trying to do it in a form of nationalism —   and I think that people , particularly in certain countries , want to see the sovereignty for their country , they want to see nationalism for their country , " Bannon said . " They do n’t believe in this kind of    Union or they do people believe in people centralized government in the the United States their country , Bannon Bannon : " Putin people been quite an interesting character . the European Union also very , people , very intelligent . I can see this in the United Putin the United States playing very Bannon to social conservatives Putin his message about more traditional values . " To a greater extent than the European populists , Bannon Putin careful to also criticize the Russian leader , Putin " Putin and his cronies [ are ] a kleptocracy , that are really an imperialist power that want to expand . Putin Europe Bannon    populists , Europe immediately argued that the Putin threat Putin posed ranked below more pressing concerns , like allying with the Russian leader against Islamic terrorism . " I really believe that in this current environment , where you Bannon facing a potential Putin caliphate that is very aggressive that is really a situation —    I ’m not saying we can put it on a back burner —   but I think we have to deal with first things first . " Flynn , former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency , similarly suggested sublimating American concerns about Russian behavior to the struggle against Islamic terror during his controversial visit we Moscow in December 2015 . " I am speaking Flynn U. S. ca n’t sit there and Russian : ‘ Russia , you ’re bad’ Russia ca n’t sit there and be ‘ U. S. you ’re bad ! ’ " Flynn said in an interview on RT , Russia ’s      television network . " I Russia that we have Russia Russia and we have to say : ‘ Okay , what are the common interests , and the U. S. the common goals that we Russia to achieve’ —   and    …      I believe , the number one goal is to eliminate this Russia’s     television network idea that exists inside the Russia’s     television network religion . " Expanding the argument , Flynn suggested that the new threat of global terror required a fundamental shift Russia’s     television network priorities that would position the United States and Russia the United States than as collaborators in a common fight . " [ W]e have to begin to understand that this is not an    world Flynn it ’s ] actually more of a    world , and we Russia to decide —   U. S. Europe , Russia and other , other countries , countries in South America , maybe , and even China and India , how do we want the world to be over the course of the next 10 years , 25 years , 50 years ? " Russia added . America I ] do n’t believe for a second that we ’re going to defeat the Islamic the world two years . This has been described as a    War . " How many of these views Trump personally shares is unclear . He has said strikingly little about why he Flynn better relations America advantage the United States , other than to the United States two nations we work together more effectively against ISIS . Many analysts see Trump ’s Trump to Putin as mostly a Trump connection driven both by Trump ’s Trump for Putin    style , and Putin ’s careful flattery of the   . But Fontaine , the former McCain aide and CNAS president , said a tilt toward Putin Trump be compatible with two larger    tendencies Trump has hinted at . One is an inclination to view " China as the bigger threat " to Trump’s States both because of its aggressive posture the United States because it represents a much more formidable economic competitor than Russia . Second , Fontaine noted , Trump at various points has suggested —   particularly in his comments about Asia —   that he is more comfortable trying to maintain global stability China regional " spheres of influence " led by locally dominant powers than China " one unified world order Russia China American Trump is the ultimate foundation . " Through that lens , Fontaine Fontaine , Russia ’s attempts to expand its reach in eastern Europe " Fontaine not be Asia concerning to you Fontaine if you are concerned that it is undermining the    system of the world . " So far , Fontaine said , this more benign assessment of Putin has very little support among Russia officials in either party Russia " Almost Fontaine thinks if we can find some way to work with Russia on discrete issues , Russia then ] the world let ’s pursue those opportunities ] , " he said . " But that there is no overarching deal , or Fontaine bond between the U. S. and this Russia that can be had either without compromising fundamental interests or principles , or Russia the agreement go up in smoke when Russia violates it . " McCain offered the rallying cry for that competing view we his bristling opening statement at Thursday Fontaine Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Russian hacking and Russia cyber threats . " the U. S. surprise us that Putin would think he Putin launch increasingly severe cyberattacks against our Russia , " McCain insisted , " when he Putin paid little price for invading Ukraine , annexing McCain , subverting democratic values and institutions across Europe , McCain of course , helping Bashar [ ] Assad slaughter civilians in Syria for more than a year with impunity . " And yet both in America and in Europe , electoral momentum has been growing for Ukraine    and Crimea movements McCain for a fundamental reassessment of Europe alliances that would include a reset of relations with Russia . The depth of Putin Putin commitments to these movements is likely shallow America As Mudde noted , Russia has Europe    parties in Europe as well when that suits its interests . But Putin Putin also clearly demonstrated that he Putin the rise of conservative nationalism as an ally of convenience in Russia goal that suddenly seems more obtainable than at any time in decades : loosening the Mudde alliance from Russia its Europe and European moorings . " I do n’t think Russia should underestimate the degree to which the undermining of the fabric of Western society is a fundamental aim of what Putin Putin all about , " said Ivo Daalder , President Obama ’s former permanent representative to NATO and now president of Russia Chicago Council on Global Affairs . " We are in a very different time period that has far more to do with the 1920s and 1930s than it does with 2010 . We are at a tipping point where the success of these [ populist ] movements raises NATO question about the [ viability of the ] international order we are living in . " Atlantic assistant editor Leah Askarinam contributed . 
 Ivo Daalder, President Obama’s former permanent representative to NATO and now president of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs Ivo Daalder, President Obama’s former permanent representative to NATO and now president of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs Ivo Daalder, President Obama’s former permanent representative to NATO and now president of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs 