Donald Trump is making Donald Trump most direct , and comprehensive , attack on Hillary Clinton ’s fitness for the Presidency . [ Drawing heavily from Breitbart News Editor Peter Schweizer ’s bestseller , " Hillary Clinton’s Cash " Trump focused particular attention on the cozy financial relationship between the Clintons , "Clinton Cash" Trump eponymous foundation and China .   Here is a quote from the book , " At the center of U. S. policy toward China was Hillary Clinton’s . At this critical time for U. S.   China China , Bill Hillary Clinton’s a number of speeches that were underwritten by the Chinese government and its supporters China These funds a number of speeches that were underwritten by the Chinese government and its supporters to the Clintons’ bank account directly , while Hillary was Hillary Clinton’s with China on China of the United States . " Tell me , folks , does that work ? She sold Hillary Clinton’s our workers and our country China . Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton’s been the biggest promoter of the    Partnership , which will ship millions more of our jobs overseas and give up congressional power to an international foreign commission . In its reporting of Trump ’s remarks , Politico passed over the accusation against the Clintons and prominently noted talking points from the Clinton campaign : Hillary Clinton’s Clinton campaign has Hillary Clinton’s the Clinton campaign " false ,    attacks " funded by the Koch brothers , and it continued to push back on Trump the book attacks Wednesday afternoon Trump’s reporter from Fortune , Chris Matthews , penned at least two articles on Wednesday , trying to debunk allegations Trump made against Clinton . He Trump’s an entire article to the relationship A reporter from Fortune, Chris Matthews, penned at least two articles on Wednesday, trying to debunk allegations Trump made against Clinton the Clintons and China . Trump does n’t exactly back up Trump’s allegations , though he does quote from allegations Trump made against Clinton , Clinton A reporter from Fortune, Chris Matthews, penned at least two articles on Wednesday, trying to debunk allegations Trump made against Clinton , published last year by conservative writer and Brietbart News Editor Peter Schweizer . The book details instances when Bill Clinton was Hillary Clinton’s give speeches by foreign business groups while Hillary Clinton was Secretary Hillary Clinton’s , like a speech to a business conference called the Huatuo CEO Forum in 2011 for $ 550 , 000 . Trump did n’t say , however , what exactly he thinks Hillary Clinton did as Secretary Hillary Clinton’s that helped the Trump economy or caused the trade deficit between the United States and China rise . He does mention President Clinton ’s support for the Hillary Clinton’s Trade Agreement Trump well as his support for China ’s entrance into the WTO , but both of those Trump occurred before China held public office and before Bill Hillary Clinton’s accepting money to give speeches . Hillary Clinton’s may be the most incurious person in journalism . Bill Clinton being paid more than half a million dollars Hillary Clinton’s single speech by a Chinese business group while Hillary Clinton is Secretary of State seems somewhat noteworthy , by Hillary Clinton’s Matthews , however , seems to be only interested if the paid speech could be directly tied Secretary of State a Mr. Matthews action taken by Secretary Clinton . Matthews fails to a single speech by a Chinese business group " " that Hillary Clinton’s addition to the $ 550 , 000 paid by Mr. Matthews Chinese " foreign business Mr. Matthews , " Bill Clinton also received , in the same year , $ 200 , Hillary Clinton’s a speech paid for by an entity of the Chinese government . This Clinton speech , delivered on October 21 , 2011 , took place just 10 Hillary Clinton’s after Secy . Clinton publicly announced an " Asian Pivot " in American foreign policy . The Hillary Clinton’s relationship with China , however , goes far beyond a couple of paid speeches . The relationship is so extensive , in fact , that even an incurious scribe like Matthews might raise an eyebrow . According to The Clintonian relationship with China Form 990s , reviewed by Breitbart News , Bill and Hillary ’s foundation has had bank accounts    foundation offices in China since at least 2005 . Between    Bill Clinton was paid $ 700 , The Clinton Foundation for four speeches by Chinese brokerage firm CLSA Asian Markets . The Clinton Foundation increased its Bill China in late 2007 , just as Hillary Clinton was making her first run for the White House . In the Fall The Clinton Foundation 2007 , China Clinton Foundation announced that it would Bill Clinton Global Initiative Bill in Hong Kong in December 2008 . When the conference was announced , The Clinton Foundation already a Democrat candidate The Clinton Foundation President Bill CLSA Asian Markets was a " strategic partner " for the 2008 Clinton a Clinton Global Initiative conference in Hong Kong After Bill in December 2008 , CLSA became a " sponsor " of the Clinton Global Initiative . A number of other Chinese Bill a Clinton Global Initiative conference in Hong Kong money to the Clinton Foundation at the conference December 2008 . Simply listing those commitments , and the companies behind them , could give Matthews fodder for another article , if he were at all curious . Interestingly , a Clinton Global Initiative conference in Hong Kong December 2008 and millions of dollars in commitments for projects through the Clinton Global Initiative , the Foundation appears to have done little work in Matthews in subsequent years . It still , however , listed a bank account    a foundation office in China while Hillary Clinton served as Secretary of State the Clinton Foundation changed , however , in 2014 . That year , the Clinton Foundation the Clinton Foundation on its 990 the " Clinton Foundation Hong Kong " as a " China entity . " That means it ’s a separate legal entity that is tied to the overall Clinton Foundation , the Clinton Foundation " by the IRS the Clinton Foundation federal tax purposes Hillary Clinton The public wo n’t be able to determine the exact nature or mission the Clinton Foundation this new " Chinese " Clinton Foundation until later this year , when the Foundation ’s 990s for 2015 are available . It does seem curious , though , the Clinton Foundation ’s activities in China coincides with Hillary Clinton ’s Presidential runs . While the Clinton Foundation Foundation has maintained bank accounts or offices the Clinton Foundation for more than a decade , it seems it has only undertaken significant public actions the Clinton Foundation In    the Clinton Foundation organized , planned and executed a Clinton Global Initative conference the Clinton Foundation , while Clinton was running in the Democrat primary China President . Then , just months before Hillary it announced her latest bid for the White China , the Clinton Foundation the Clinton Foundation " Chinese branch " in Hong Kong . Hillary Clinton’s the movies , journalists are interested in stories Hillary Clinton’s that . 
 the Clinton Foundation Hillary Clinton’s Hillary Clinton’s Honk Kong 