Washington ( CNN ) Members of the House intelligence committee met Monday evening as the future of the House ’s Russia investigation hangs in the balance . Monday ’s meeting was the first of the full committee     Democrats and Republicans     since the top Democrat , Rep. Adam Schiff , called on House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes to recuse House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes from the House’s Russia investigation . House investigators did not discuss Russia at Monday Monday meeting , multiple sources said , but instead plan to talk about it ’s meeting a separate meeting Tuesday .   The the House’s Russia investigation been on life support ever since Nunes took a clandestine trip two weeks ago to the White House to review evidence he said shows top aides to President Donald Trump were picked up in intelligence collection .   Last week ’s bumpy ride for Nunes ended in Nunes that two top White House staffers the White House release of information to him . " Nunes business is always hard and politics is always hard , but I ’m used to that , " Nunes said Monday Nunes when asked about Schiff ’s allegations Nunes he is colluding Nunes the White House . " I do n’t really listen to what anyone says . I was very clear and transparent with all of you , and the statement still stands     which is : I had a duty and obligation to go tell the President of the United States . " After the meeting , Nunes told CNN Nunes committee could start interviewing witnesses again in the coming weeks and said the committee was ready the committee in a separate group of witnesses before private testimony from FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Mike Rogers . Rep. Eric Swalwell , a Democratic member of the House intelligence committee , the committee Erin Burnett CNN OutFront " following the meeting that the panel still did n’t have any interviews scheduled and reiterated his call for public testimony from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates , former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and former CIA Director John Brennan . All three were scheduled to testify in March , but their hearing was canceled , to the dismay of Democrats on the committee . " We really , really want to get back on track and have the public hearing that we were supposed to have , " Swalwell We . RELATED : The only 4 things you need to know about Trump and Russia , In public there appears to be little hope for House investigators     Sen. John McCain said Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week " that Nunes " killed " the investigation with his White House trip . But , around Nunes Capitol , House Democrats admit they have nowhere else to House , with House Democrats no chance that a special commission will be created to investigate Russia ’s alleged interference in the 2016 elections .       Democrats and Republicans on the committee have privately said they miss the bipartisanship that used to be Democrats and Republicans on the committee hallmark of the group . And there is some indication that Schiff and Nunes have been working better together at the end of last week     after the two talked Thursday , Schiff said they agreed to bring Comey back Schiff the Schiff and Nunes .   RELATED : Kushner , the committee to meet in wake of Russian ambassador meetings , But Schiff ’s visit to the White House to review Schiff he said was the same intelligence Nunes reviewed only Schiff a new wound .   " If these were produced either for or by the White House , then why all of the the White House Schiff asked Sunday on CNN ’s " State of Schiff Union . "   Schiff then accused of Nunes of working with the Schiff and to hide the origin of the materials , the White House White House hand , " Schiff said Sunday . " The question is , of course , why ? And I think the answer to the question is this effort to point the Congress in other Schiff , basically say , ’Don’t look at me . Do n’t look at Russia . There is nothing to see here . ’ The question : Trump moves agenda forward even as Russia controversy swirls , A spokesman Schiff Nunes declined to comment on Schiff ’s accusations . Russia investigators have big questions to figure out     like whether Comey will agree to come back to the Russia and whether they can reschedule Yates after her own delving into former national security adviser Michael Flynn ’s ties to Russia were reported last week .     Meanwhile , the Senate investigation appears to be moving smoothly , House investigators the Senate intelligence committee Yates its interviews of witnesses Monday .   The Senate ’s    Republican , Sen. John Cornyn , told CNN ’s Manu Raju any talk of granting Flynn immunity for testimony , the committee have sought , is the committee premature . " Cornyn also said Senate investigation will address Cornyn unmasking of targets in their sharing of intelligence . 
 Senate Flynn Flynn 