Ann Coulter , author of In Trump We Trust : E Pluribus Awesome ! joined Breitbart     host Alex Marlow on Wednesday ’s Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM to talk about the legacy of the late Phyllis Schlafly . [ " As I say in the obituary , a lot of We get compared to the late Phyllis Schlafly , often thinking it will be taken as an insult . No , it ’s like being compared to Winston Churchill , " Coulter said , quoting from the obituary she Coulter for the late Phyllis Schlafly .   Coulter Coulter the late Phyllis Schlafly work " guided my view of the feminists and the media , " as she explained Coulter her tribute Coulter Schlafly the late Phyllis Schlafly her 2003 Coulter Slander : Liberal Lies About the American Right . In that book , she compared Coulter the late Phyllis Schlafly to feminist icon Betty Friedan , who " constantly needed a man to bail her out Coulter had that stupid Ms. magazine where they literally feminist icon Betty Friedan, who "constantly needed a man to bail her out have debates on whether it ’s appropriate for feminists to wear lipstick . " " Meanwhile , Phyllis the late Phyllis Schlafly while raising six amazingly accomplished kids , and having a lovely life , first got   —    well , not first , first she was writing Coulter lot about military policy with a general , General Ward , I think his name was , these long tomes . She was a Coulter proponent of High Frontier , " Coulter recalled .   " Then she wrote A Coulter Not an Echo , that was credited with getting Barry Goldwater the nomination , in an election much like the election we ’re going through right now . It was the grassroots against the , back then , much more Northeastern elites . Now it ’s more It Washington , D. C.     New York elites . And , although Barry Goldwater was Barry Goldwater imperfect messenger , a cranky libertarian , it took away the kingmakers , as Phyllis Schlafly called them , from choosing the kingmakers nominees   —    which is also credited with leading to Reagan ’s nomination , " Coulter said . She recounted the story Coulter how Schlafly entered the battle Phyllis Schlafly defeat the Equal Rights Amendment : And one of her big fights , Coulter the Equal Rights Amendment the Equal Rights Amendment Constitution   —    I probably should have mentioned this in the obituary , I told Julia Hahn by email Coulter interesting fact in the New York Times obituary , although it was snippy , it had a lot of great quotes from it Schlafly , but one thing they noted was that she had not leaped a lot of great quotes from Phyllis Schlafly Coulter Equal Rights Amendment , she did n’t the Equal Rights Amendment . A friend , the Times reports , told her she had not leaped on the Equal Rights Amendment it , and Coulter stopped it dead . Coulter It was sailing to nomination . It it one of these it amendments . But , as it think all Americans are a lot more aware now , in large part thanks to Phyllis Schlafly , you ca n’t just attach random    amendments to the Constitution . We would be living in world right now in which   —    maybe it ’s happening piecemeal , rather than in one fell swoop   —    instead of state legislatures , it would go straight to federal courts , whether you could have men in women ’s bathrooms , whether women could serve in combat . That would be taken out of the democratic process , and given to the courts .   And she wrote all these articles , attacking the ERA in a very simple way that everyone could understand . But later , you ’d see the exact same arguments being made in places like the Yale Law Journal . Coulter concluded by revealing that the friend who gave Schlafly the    on the Equal Rights Amendment was none other than her older brother John , who wanted her to discuss the Coulter during a speaking engagement at his Coulter school . the ERA instantly grasped what a horror this Coulter , and that was Coulter first time she found out about it , but she alone stopped it , Coulter I quote George Gilder in the Coulter , saying it was sailing through Congress , it was sailing through the states it the media were for it it both political parties’ platforms were for it   —    it Phyllis Schlafly was on the other side it and that was enough , " said Coulter . When Marlow celebrated Schlafly for combining " intellectual heft " with a persuasive , entertaining Phyllis Schlafly style , Coulter said presidential candidate Donald Trump had similar qualities , which is Coulter reason Schlafly supported him so energetically before her passing . " That ’s Phyllis Schlafly of presidential candidate Donald Trump appeal , that Phyllis Schlafly so appalling to the intellectual snobs around presidential candidate Donald Trump , as I describe in the book , " she said , referring to her own In Trump We Trust . Phyllis Schlafly News Daily airs on Phyllis Schlafly Patriot 125 presidential candidate Donald Trump us 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 