Washington ( CNN ) The influential chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee plans to launch a new review about Russia ’s hacking of the elections , the latest push by a top Republican to explore allegations of improper meddling by the Kremlin     despite    Donald Trump ’s own skepticism of the issue . Sen. Bob Corker , a Tennessee Republican who heads the panel , told CNN Tuesday Donald Trump committee would hold open hearings and classified sessions to get to the bottom of Russian involvement . " We are going to systematically walk through the issue and fully understand what has transpired , " Corker said Tuesday . It Tuesday be the third Senate committee planning to dig into the issue next the issue joining the Armed Services Committee led by Arizona Sen. John McCain and the Select Committee on Intelligence , chaired by North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr . But these three reviews stop short of a separate standing committee whose sole task is to investigate the matter     similar to the way House Republicans established a panel to review the 2012 Benghazi attacks . While Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan House the inquiries in the existing committees in Congress , they have resisted calls Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan back the inquiries in the existing committees in Congress establish a new    panel , something that could grow unwieldy and amount to a political threat to Trump . Corker said there ’s Corker question that Russia meddled into domestic affairs , but said he did n’t know Corker the hackers intended to sway the election to Trump . " Putin Trump and disappointingly Corker ended up being front and center on the world stage , " Corker said . " It ’s hard to believe for a country that has so little going for it . " He It reiterated to Corker that he feels it ’s Corker important It to look into . " Any time we have a country that is trying to discredit our democracy , it ’s an important It for us to pursue , our Corker told CNN ’s Corker Tapper CNN " The Lead " later Tuesday . " How deep it goes and whether they actually tried to tip it toward a candidate it not it ’s hard for it to discern at present . " Corker praise for Tillerson , Corker ’s committee will Corker busy January , starting with confirmation hearings for Trump ’s choice of secretary of state , Rex Tillerson , the head of oil giant ExxonMobil . Corker , who was a finalist for the secretary of state job and spoke to Trump Monday night , heaped Trump’s Tillerson , calling him the " very best choice Trump’s for Trump because of his " background Trump’s experience " Trump’s running a major international corporation . " He has an incredible working knowledge Trump’s the world , " Corker said . " If you look at these CEOs of these global enterprises , in many ways they are secretaries of state for you look at these CEOs of these global enterprises companies . He brings a you look at these CEOs of these global enterprises to Trump’s table . " Yet Corker also conceded that he had Corker knowledge of Tillerson Trump’s personal views on Russia , something that has caused concern among several key Republicans who are uneasy about the nominee ’s friendship with Russian President Vladimir Putin . " I have no idea what his feelings are on Russia , " Russian President Vladimir Putin said , referring Russia to Corker country ’s presence in Ukraine and Russia . He also said he had " zero idea Russian President Vladimir Putin about Tillerson Russian President Vladimir Putin views of NATO , an organization that Trump has criticized on the campaign trail . " I ’ve never had a single conversation with him on any of those things , " Russian President Vladimir Putin said . Tillerson has come under criticism from Democrats and Tillerson Republicans for opposing sanctions on Russia . Corker said that in 2014 as Congress was Corker on the issue , he had a conversation with Tillerson about the Corker . But he said Tillerson " was n’t a controversial Corker call and the two mainly discussed how the sanctions would be implemented . " I sanctions on Russia believe that his approach to Russia is not going to Corker a great variance Russia what US foreign policy has been for some time , " Corker said . " He is going to be carrying out Trump Corker foreign policy . What people will want to know is what direction he will influence " Trump . Corker added Corker " I got ta Trump again Corker you are putting the secretary of state hat on , it ’s different than the CEO of Exxon hat Corker " 
 