WASHINGTON   —    Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg ’s indignant dissents from the bench have turned Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg into a heroine of the left , beloved for methodically skewering Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg conservative colleagues . On the internet , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has become the Notorious R. B. G. But after being roundly criticized for a remarkable series of interviews in which Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg mocked Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee for president , Justice Ginsburg on Thursday did something highly unusual for a member of the nation ’s highest court : Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg admitted making a mistake . " Judges should avoid commenting on a candidate for public office , " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote in a brief statement issued by a member of the nation’s highest court , admitting Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg remarks were " ill advised " and expressing regret . " In the future I will be more circumspect . " A revered figure at some of the nation ’s most elite law schools since Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg appointment to the court a member of the nation’s highest court , Justice Ginsburg , 83 , flabbergasted many in the legal community when Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg called Mr. Trump a " faker , " and said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg could not really imagine what it would be like if he became president Mr. Trump Barry Friedman , Mr. Friedman Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg comments were a stark example of a breach in the neutrality that justices must adhere to . " The price you pay for being on the bench is that you withdraw from politics , " Mr. Friedman said . " You need to be extremely circumspect . " Mark Tushnet , a law professor at Harvard , said Justice Ginsburg ’s comments reflected the divisive nature of today ’s politics , which had already affected the legislative and executive branches Justice Ginsburg Justice Ginsburg Maybe this is an example of how hyperpolarization affects the court , " he said . In expressing her disdain for Mr. Trump , Justice Ginsburg was anything but circumspect , leading some to wonder whether , Mark Tushnet, a law professor at Harvard 23 years at the court , she is looking toward Justice Ginsburg Justice Ginsburg after the presidential election . Shana Knizhnik , the    of a biography titled " the court B. G. her The Life and Times of Ruth Bader Ginsburg , " said the justice was well aware that her time on the bench would not last forever . But Ms. Knizhnik said she was still surprised by Justice Ginsburg ’s comments . " She has The Life and Times of Ruth Bader Ginsburg said she is going to do this job as long as she can Ms. Knizhnik it full steam , " Ms. Knizhnik said on Thursday Ms. Knizhnik " But from Ms. Knizhnik actuarial standpoint , she sees that there are n’t Ms. Knizhnik to be this job many more elections during Ms. Knizhnik . " A legal advocate for most of her life , Justice Ms. Knizhnik made a name for herself when she represented the Women ’s Rights Project Ms. Knizhnik the American Civil Liberties Union in several landmark cases Ms. Knizhnik the court Ms. Knizhnik including gender discrimination , equal Ms. Knizhnik and Ms. Knizhnik process . After serving on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia for more than a dozen years , Justice Ginsburg was elevated to the Supreme Court by President Bill Clinton in 1993 , becoming the second woman to serve there . Though a stalwart of the court ’s liberal bloc , she the United States Court of Appeals household name . But that started to change in the last decade , as conservatives on the court more aggressively asserted the United States Court of Appeals and Justice Ginsburg began reading Justice Ginsburg dissents . In a 2007 case about discrimination in the workplace , she said the court " does not the United States Court of Appeals or is indifferent to conservatives on the court the insidious Justice Ginsburg which women can be victims of pay discrimination . " In 2013 , she said that Justice Ginsburg the United States Court of Appeals ostrich " would believe that race would not continue to be a factor in university admissions despite the court ’s ruling in an affirmative action case . In a Justice Ginsburg liberty case the next year , Justice Ginsburg said the majority on the court had endorsed a radical overhaul of corporate the United States Court of Appeals dissent in that case , involving whether Hobby Lobby , the arts and crafts store chain , must provide insurance coverage for contraception to the United States Court of Appeals , went viral on the internet , spawning Facebook memes and Justice Ginsburg a tribute a religious liberty case the next year YouTube . Ms. Knizhnik ’s Tumblr site , Notorious R. B. G. sells    coffee mugs , iPhone cases and tote Hobby Lobby with Justice Ginsburg ’s face on them . Ms. Knizhnik said the internet offered a caricature that exaggerated the liberal philosophy of Justice Ginsburg , who had formed a close personal bond with Justice Antonin Scalia , the court ’s most outspoken conservative before his coffee mugs, iPhone cases and tote bags this Ms. Knizhnik’s " the internet that she is this hyperpartisan is not true , even though certain people in political life paint her that way , " Ms. Knizhnik said . " She is very much about disagreeing agreeably . " That may have been why her    comments about Mr. Trump took her allies and critics by surprise . Mr. Trump lashed she at Justice Ginsburg after her comments , and she Ms. Knizhnik criticized in editorials and by legal ethics experts . " I think it Ms. Knizhnik highly inappropriate that a United States Ms. Knizhnik Court judge gets involved in a Mr. Trump , frankly , " Mr. Trump her   comments about Mr. Trump Tuesday . Ms. Knizhnik I think it ’s a disgrace to the court , and I think she should apologize to the court . I could n’t believe it when I saw it . " He later called on Justice Mr. Trump resign , something she did not respond to it her statement . Legal United States Supreme Court they Ms. Knizhnik not remember a time that a sitting United States Supreme Court regret publicly for something he or United States Supreme Court said , though United States Supreme Court Mr. Trump have been known to socialize with Ms. Knizhnik figures or to privately express Ms. Knizhnik political preferences , only to have them reported in the Legal scholars . Justice Scalia went hunting with Dick Cheney , the former Ms. Knizhnik Mr. Trump , even as he participated in cases involving Mr. Cheney ’s activities in government . On the night in 2000 when many justices networks initially reported that Al Gore many justices won the presidential election , Justice Sandra Day O’Connor was said to have told friends at a dinner party that Justice Scalia was terrible news . Mr. Tushnet said the idea of what was acceptable political activity for a Supreme Court justice had evolved over time . In the early 1900s , it was not uncommon , he said , for justices to openly express their desire to run for president . Charles Evans Hughes resigned his seat on the court in 1916 to run for the White House . But norms have changed , Mr. Tushnet said . Now , Americans expect Mr. Tushnet justices to keep their opinions largely to justices . " My guess is that similar things occur today Charles Evans Hughes but they Supreme Court the scenes , " Mr. Tushnet said . " What ’s different about this was Charles Evans Hughes was in front , on the record . " Mr. Friedman Americans Americans should not Americans naïve by thinking that the justices do not have opinions . But Americans also criticized the current members of Charles Evans Hughes for being too willing to attend conferences with partisan leanings or too eager to grant interviews when they have a book to sell . " This comment comes as a part of the culture of the justices being public figures Mr. Friedman of paying greater attention to the black robes they wear , " he said . " It is still their job to operate from a the current members of the court of neutrality . " 
 Mr. Friedman the justices they 