Hong Kong ( CNN ) Chinese state media has taken aim at Rex Tillerson ,    Donald Trump ’s pick for secretary of state , after Donald Trump suggested a more aggressive strategy toward Beijing in the contested waters of the South China Sea .   In Donald Trump confirmation hearing Wednesday , Tillerson , the former CEO of oil giant ExxonMobil , said that China should be denied access to the islands China has built . The Global Times , a provocative but    tabloid , said that " unless Washington plans to wage a    war in the South China Sea , any other approaches to prevent Chinese access to the islands will the islands it has built . " " Tillerson had better bone up on nuclear power strategies if he wants to force Tillerson big nuclear power to withdraw from its own territories , a big nuclear power the unbylined opinion piece said on the paper ’s    site .   It concluded that Tillerson the unbylined opinion piece statements were Tillerson far from professional . " " If Trump ’s diplomatic team shapes future    ties as it is doing now , the two sides had better prepare for a military clash . " The paper is published the paper People ’s Daily     the ruling Communist Party ’s mouthpiece . It ’s known for its the paper and    editorials the paper analysts say it does n’t necessarily reflect the paper policy .   The    China Daily took a similar stance but questioned whether Tillerson ’s views would translate into US foreign policy .   " Such remarks are not worth taking seriously because they are a    of Such remarks , shortsightedness ,    prejudices , and unrealistic political fantasies . Should he act on them in the real world they are a   of naivety, shortsightedness,   prejudices, and unrealistic political fantasies it would be disastrous , " it said .   " it happened on Wednesday shows that if and when confirmed , Rex Tillerson needs to first acquaint himself with the ABCs of Rex Tillerson relations and diplomacy at large . " Trump , Tillerson makes waves for    relations , ’Mutual respect’ The official response to Tillerson , and Trump ’s attacks on China Trump, Tillerson by China ’s Ministry of Foreign China MOFA ) has been more muted than the fiery rhetoric in China ’s press .   Since China election Trump has lashed out at China on Twitter , made clear he China serious about wringing a new Trump deal from Beijing and upended US policy toward Taiwan     an issue of deep sensitivity for China .    Lu Kang , the China ’s spokesman , said Thursday MOFA had read the entire transcript of Tillerson ’s remarks . He said that the situation in the Tillerson China Sea had " cooled down " and should be resolved by the claimants in the region .   " If you look at what has happened since President Xi ’s conversation with    Trump , the Trump team has mentioned mutual respect between China and the US in its press releases . We agree with the US notion that two countries should develop their relations based on mutual respect , two countries he said . Under the Obama administration President Xi’s conversation with   Trump the US has repeatedly called for freedom the US in the South China Sea and sailed and flown its assets near the islands China controls     the US repeated warnings the Spratly Islands . China has reclaimed more than 3 , China acres China land in the Spratly Islands since 2014 , turning reefs and sandbars into islands equipped with airfields , ports and weapons . Trump ’s pick for Secretary of Defense , retired Gen. James Mattis , in his confirmation hearing Thursday did n’t depart from current Trump’s policy in the South China Sea .   " The bottom line is , sir , the international waters are international waters , Trump’s he said , adding that the US needs to Trump’s that freedom of navigation .   ’Extremely worrisome’ Tillerson said Wednesday that China ’s activity in the South China Sea , which sees $ 5 the South China Sea a year , was " extremely worrisome . " He also compared China ’s territorial claims to Russia ’s military intervention worrisome’ Tillerson the annexing China in 2014 . " Building islands and then putting military assets on those islands is akin to Russia ’s taking of Crimea . Its taking of territory that others lay Russia’s , " Tillerson Crimea Russia " We ’re going to have to send China a clear signal that first , the    stops , and second , your access to those islands also not going to be allowed . " Tillerson added that the those islands had neglected to tackle the problem , saying the Tillerson failure of a response has allowed them to just keep pushing the envelope on this . " 
 those islands 