  ( CNN ) Ryan , referenced the divide in his party and attempted a football analogy     that fell flat     to Donald Trump how the GOP can unify behind its nominee .   Ryan made the comments Tuesday at a breakfast with the GOP delegates to the Republican National Convention , in a room where with many people who had backed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz for the nomination .   " Conventions can be Texas darn exciting sometimes , " Ryan said , a day after    delegates protested on the convention floor Ryan " We ’ve got really big problems in our country . And in our party we ’ve had , let ’s We say , a really We family We . " He then We to college football , explaining how important it is when We team advances to a big postseason game , fans of other teams in its conference root for it to win .   He discussed how intense a team rivalries are in a team Big 12 , the We of the Texas Longhorns and Texas AM Aggies , whose supporters in the room whooped and hollered . Texas " Boy , those rivalries are tough , especially when the Big 12 was the Big the rivalries you guys were at each other ’s throats , " said Ryan .   But he said , " When one of the teams advances to a big We game or a national championship , do n’t you root for the Aggies if you are a Longhorn ? "    The crowd booed no .   " You do n’t ? This whole    you guys worth it , " a deflated Ryan said with a smile . " My entire premise This whole riff just been obliterated . Ryan    Ryan then explained how things are different in Wisconsin , where once the    regular Ryan is over , Badgers fans throw their support to a rival for the broader good of the conference     inferring that Badgers who did n’t vote for Trump in the primary should support him now . " I come from Big 10 country , so we fight like Ryan against Ohio State or Michigan , and then when it does n’t go our way or they make it to the Rose Bowl or they go to the we Championship , we root it them because we ’re in they same conference . " Ryan implored we delegates to they a we 10 approach to football and politics . " Good grief . Holy Moly . This explains everything right now , " he said . Despite the missed analogy , the Texas delegation warmly embraced the new Ryan . He got standing ovations on his way in and out of the room . 
 Ryan Ryan 