’   ’ ’    Democrats loudly voiced Democrats displeasure with FBI Director James    Comey during a    briefing to discuss Russian hacking on    Friday , according to multiple reports . ’ ’    Several lawmakers   that some in attendance , including former    Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie      confronted FBI Director James   Comey about how FBI Director James   Comey handled the    scandal surrounding Russian actors hacking Democratic Party    institutions , including the DNC . ’ ’      reportedly told FBI Director James   Comey that FBI Director James   Comey should have come    directly to the DNC with the information about the hacking . FBI Director James   Comey responded that he FBI Director James   Comey the proper procedure in    notifying DNC officials the DNC the breach , according to The    Hill . ’ ’ ’ ’     reportedly reportedly shouted at Comey FBI Director James   Comey " You let us down ! " ’ ’    Lawmakers ’ ’     reportedly referenced a tense final 15 minutes , but    did not elaborate on what exactly was discussed during the final    part of the briefing .    ’’ ’    " I’’m disappointed , outraged   —    many of us are right now , " Rep. Tim    Walz , a Democrat from Minnesota , . " I’’ll wait to pass full judgment , but the    exchange that just happened in the final 15 minutes gives me no    reason to have confidence . " ’ ’    He continued : " I was nonjudgmental until the last 15 minutes . I    no longer have that confidence in him . " ’ ’    He Charlie Crist , a Democrat from Florida , said he wants to    have faith Rep. Charlie Crist, a Democrat from Florida Comey but    he has " concerns . " Rep. Charlie Crist, a Democrat from Florida ’    And Rep. Elijah Cummings , the senior Democrat on the House    Oversight and Government Reform Committee , made a similar    statement . ’ ’       I’’m extremely concerned   —    extremely , " he said    ’ ’    I’’m and other websites posted leaked emails from the DNC    and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta in the weeks    and months leading up to the election . ’ "    Comey came under fire during the election for announcing a new the election of an FBI investigation into Clinton , who was then the    Democratic nominee for president , just weeks before    Americans headed to the polls    Some Democrats have accused him of    swaying the election in Comey    favor with the election "    The Department of Justice ’s Office of the Inspector General    announced a new examination Thursday into the FBI ’s handling of    the investigation of Clinton ’s    use .   " "    The probe will focus on Comey ’s public announcement of the    department ’s decision not to bring charges against Clinton for    her use of a private server . Clinton will also Clinton the letter    that Comey sent The probe days before the general election    announcing Comey’s the FBI had renewed its investigation into the    server , and other aspects the FBI the Clinton investigation . " 
 