Conservative author , commentator , and columnist Ann Coulter appears on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show this week to discuss Donald Trump , the future of the # NeverTrump movement and how the mainstream media spins stories for the mainstream media own gain . [ A preview of the episode , which airs on Friday , can be watched below . This is columnist Ann Coulter ’s second appearance on the podcast   —    you can listen to the first one here .    " As we were talking about before , Fox news and other conservative talk radio hosts , they Fox news and other conservative talk radio hosts they Fox news and other conservative talk radio hosts more money when a Democrat is in office . " said Ann , Milo replied to this claim saying , " This is something I ’ve wondered about because you look at commentators who have kind of gone all in on the Never Trump thing . What I ’m thinking is that there ’s one option , that they ’re simply principled conservatives who would rather go down with the ship so long as they they n’t compromise their they , and then I meet them they realise that ca n’t be it . The second option is , do they they think it The second option good for business to have Hillary as president ? " " I ’d say there are two camps , one are the people that make money in Washington , Washington Washington like there ’s something in the water now , their two camps raison d’etre , their two camps their two camps have been proved irrelevant by Trump . I talk about this in my next book , ‘ In Trump Trump Trust’ . The subtitle is ‘ E Pluribus Awesome’ out August 23rd " Ann continued . " So there ’s that crowd , the Washington crowd , but the mistake they ’re making is , the idea that they they there ’s gon na be a functioning Republican party if they they Trump Trump because if Trump Trump , there is one group of people that are gon na be blamed and that is the establishment Republicans , the Never Trump crowd , they they never get that Trump Trump , it ’s the end of the Republican party and I think it it the end of the country anyway if Hillary gets elected . " " As for the talk radio hosts or Fox news who think oh people love to watch when we bash the Democrats , well you have to win once in awhile . People will go and keep rooting for The Mets but if they People losing , the stadiums are empty . It ’s about to be " all we ’re gon na do is lose " and that ’s not a fun thing to watch " 
 