Feminist Camille Paglia rakes Feminist Camille Paglia Democratic Party over the coals for using abortion as an " ideological tool " to raise campaign cash and drive votes . [ At Salon , Feminist Camille Paglia offers a brief history of " the abortion wars , " inspired , in part , by what Feminist Camille Paglia calls " the abortion tar pit " fallen into by both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton this past week :   Donald Trump blundered Donald Trump way through a manic inquisition about abortion by MSNBC ’s resident woodpecker , Chris Matthews , while Hillary Clinton committed an unforced error on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " where Hillary Clinton referred to the fetus as an " unborn person , " scandalizing the vast    lobby , who treat all attempts to " humanize " the fetus as a diabolical threat to reproductive rights . Paglia is a known critic of Clinton ’s candidacy . In 2013 , she Paglia Salon : It remains baffling how anyone would think that Hillary Clinton ( born the same year as me Paglia is our party ’s best chance . She Paglia more sooty baggage than a    freight train . And what exactly has she Paglia accomplished   —    beyond bullishly covering for her Paglia husband ? She Paglia certainly busy , busy and ever on the move   —    with the    workaholism of someone trying to blot out uncomfortable private thoughts . In January , Paglia wrote that Clinton ’s brand of establishment feminism " defines women as perpetual victims requiring government protections , " and treats men with an " impatient or patronizing tone . " She Paglia that U. S. politics has been tortured for too long by the " rote histrionics of the abortion wars " that have gone on since the Supreme court ’s 1973 Roe v. Wade decision . " While I am firmly    and support unrestricted access to abortion , I have been disturbed and repelled for decades by the way reproductive rights have become an ideological tool ruthlessly exploited by my own party , the Democrats , to inflame passions , raise money , and drive voting , " Paglia explains . The beginnings of abortion ’s use as a Democrat campaign fundraiser , she Paglia , are rooted in the Senate confirmation hearings of Supreme Court candidates Robert Bork ( 1987 ) David Souter ( 1990 ) and Clarence Thomas ( 1991 )   —    all nominated by Republican presidents . Paglia Paglia : Those the Senate confirmation hearings of Supreme Court candidates Robert Bork (1987) freak shows of feminist fanaticism , culminating in the elevation to martyr status of Anita Hill , whose charges of sexual harassment against Thomas still seem to me Paglia and overblown ( and effectively neutralized by Hill ’s following Thomas to Thomas job ) . Abortion was the     motivation of the Democratic operatives who pushed a reluctant Hill forward Hill fanned the flames in the then monochromatically liberal mainstream media . It was Abortion flagrant abuse of the Senate confirmation process that sparked the meteoric rise of conservative talk radio , led by Rush Limbaugh , who provided an alternative voice in what was then ( ) a homogenized media universe . She traces the leftwing abortion " histrionics " to the " " or "   " brand of feminism   —    propagated by Gloria Steinem   —    and ultimately adopted by Clinton and her supporters She " Steinem herself can be credited or blamed for having turned abortion into a sacrament , promoted with the same religiosity that she and Steinem herself colleagues Steinem herself in their devoutly she and her colleagues opponents , " she writes Steinem herself Abortion became part of the feminist picture , she adds Steinem herself with eugenicist and Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger ’s birth control campaign . " Sanger remains Margaret Sanger heroine to many feminists , including me , despite her troubling Margaret Sanger with eugenics , a program ( also adopted by the Nazis ) of now discredited techniques like sterilization to purify and strengthen the human gene pool , " she admits Margaret Sanger While she herself Margaret Sanger "   —    and prefers that term to the " cowardly euphemistic " term " "   —    Paglia says nevertheless : I profoundly respect the    viewpoint , which I think has the moral high ground . I wrote in " No Law in the Arena " : " We career women are arguing from expedience : it is personally and professionally inconvenient or onerous to bear an unwanted child . The    movement , in contrast , is arguing that every conception is sacred and that society has a responsibility to protect the defenseless . " " The silence from    feminists about the ethical ambiguities in their    belief system has been deafening , " Paglia asserts . " There is a moral hollowness at the core of Western careerist feminism , a bourgeois secular code that sees children as an obstruction to    or as a management problem to be farmed out to    nannies . " Paglia blasts Clinton Paglia other liberals who aim " war on women " rhetoric toward    supporters : Hillary deals in those smears as her stock in Hillary : for example , while campaigning last week , she said in Hillary context of Trump ’s comments on abortion , " Women ’s health is under assault in America " —   as if difficulty in obtaining an abortion is more of an assault than the grisly intervention required for surgical termination of a pregnancy . Who is the real victim here ? She views as Hillary vulgar " the regular practice of those feminists who " project sex phobia onto all   " : Although I am an atheist who worships only great nature , I recognize the superior moral beauty of religious doctrine that defends the sanctity of life . The quality of idea and language in the Catechism of the Catholic Church , for example , exceeds anything in grimly utilitarian feminism . In regard to the Commandment " Thou shalt not kill , " the Catechism says the Catechism of the Catholic Church Human life is sacred because from its beginning it involves the Catechism of the Catholic Church creative Human life of God   …     . God alone is the Lord of life from its beginning until its end : no its can under any circumstance claim for himself the right directly God alone is the Lord of life from its beginning until its end: no one can under any circumstance claim for himself the right directly to destroy an innocent human being" (#2258) destroy an innocent human being " ( # 2258 ) . Or this : " Human life must be respected and protected absolutely from the moment of conception . From the first moment of his existence , a God alone is the Lord of life from its beginning until its end: no one can under any circumstance claim for himself the right directly to destroy an innocent human being" (#2258) being must be recognized as having the rights of a person —   among which is the inviolable right of every innocent being to life " ( # 2270 ) . " Progressives need to do some    about their reflex rhetoric in Progressives the    cause , " Paglia asserts . " A liberal credo that is variously      vegan , and committed to environmental protection of endangered species like the sage grouse or spotted owl should not be so stridently withholding its imagination and compassion A liberal credo that is variously     vegan, and committed to environmental protection of endangered species like the sage grouse or spotted owl the unborn . " 
 