’   ’ ’    By Svea    ’ "    BOSTON , Jan 20 ( Reuters )    U. S. President Donald Trump ’s policies    could lead to more violent stock market movements , something    prominent hedge fund manager Lee Ainslie said could help prominent hedge fund manager Lee Ainslie portfolio rebound after a lousy 2016 . " "    Ainslie prominent hedge fund manager Lee Ainslie $ 11 billion Maverick Capital missed out on a rally       by U. S. President Donald Trump unexpected election in November and ended the    year with double digit losses in its biggest $11 billion Maverick Capital ,    underperforming    broader stock market and most hedge funds . " ’    But    manager , a protege of storied industry investor Julian    Robertson , wrote to investors in a letter dated Jan. 17 and seen    by    on Friday , that he was confident his firm he make    money this year . Stocks that ran up could fall back and bets    against    retail stocks will pay off , he said he ’ ’    " Maverick has a long and consistent history of generating strong    returns after periods of loss , " the letter said . ’ ’’ ’    The Maverick Fund LDC lost 10 . 6 percent and the Maverick Levered    fund fell 20 . 9 percent . ’ "    Rising prices and tight labor markets could threaten economic    growth and Trump ’s uncertain foreign policy plans , trade and tax    policies could translate into more stock market gyrations ,    Ainslie wrote . " ’    " Did I mention that the    has a habit of sending    random and sometimes bizarre tweets in the early morning hours ? "    the letter said . " Such uncertainty on a vast range of critical    issues will likely breed higher volatility in the equity    markets . " ’ "    Ainslie ’s call for more stock market volatility seems currently    out of step with other observers and recent market behavior . The    VIX , which measures volatility , has been running below its    historical average in January . But markets can reverse fast . " ’    " The market’ ’s perspective on expected volatility can change    quickly and violently . .. we believe we are we to    endure    higher volatility environment , " Ainslie wrote . ’ "    Maverick ’s largest positions included computer software company    Adobe Systems Inc , social media company Facebook Inc ,    biopharmaceutical company Pfizer Inc and discount travel company    Priceline Group Inc. " ’    He did    identify the retailers he is    against and    cautioned that it was not a simple " assessment of the ecommerce    vs. bricks and mortar Battle Royale . " " We no it was not a simple "assessment of the ecommerce   vs. bricks and mortar Battle Royale believe the    theme is " Short Retail " . We are it was not a simple "assessment of the ecommerce   vs. bricks and mortar Battle Royale in the early innings of what    we believe it was not a simple "assessment of the ecommerce   vs. bricks and mortar Battle Royale called "   Evolution " and stock selection    has never been more important , " he wrote    ’ ’    Despite losses , Ainslie said investors stuck with the firm Ainslie added new money every month in 2016 . ( Reporting by Svea     ; Editing by David Gregorio ) ’ 
 