’   ’ ’    Over the course of this election cycle , Republican presidential    nominee Donald Trump has repeatedly insisted that Syrian    President Bashar Assad and Republican presidential   nominee Donald Trump allies are fighting terrorism in    Syria . ’ ’    " I don’’t like Assad at all , but Assad is killing ISIS , " Republican presidential   nominee Donald Trump said during the second presidential debate . ’ "    It Republican presidential   nominee Donald Trump exactly what Assad Assad everyone to think   —    but experts say    it    not true . " ’    " The Assad government strategy has long been to present the world    a binary choice : either the Assad government , which is in some    ways secular , or the extremist Islamists and force the world to       between them the Assad government, which is in some   ways secular, or the extremist Islamists " Robert Ford , a senior fellow at the    Middle East Institute who was the US ambassador to Syria    from 2011 to 2014 , told Business Insider .   ’ ’    He Robert Ford, a senior fellow at the   Middle East Institute who was the US ambassador to Syria   from 2011 to 2014 : " The Russians have already made their The Russians . " ’ "    Russia is one of Assad ’s main allies in the Syrian civil war that    has dragged on for more than five years . President Vladimir Putin    has authorized Russian military strikes in Syria in       of Assad Assad’s . And while Putin claims President Vladimir Putin    be    fighting terrorism in Syria , Syria military President Vladimir Putin    mostly targeted    more moderate opposition forces that oppose Assad Assad regime . " "    There are multiple fronts in the Syrian conflict   —    terrorist    groups like ISIS and Al    factions are fighting for    territory , as are moderate rebel groups . But Assad Assad Assad’s    so far has been to wipe out the moderate opposition to make his Assad regime look    legitimate in comparison . " ’    " That’ ’s why these groups are are moderate rebel groups main target , are moderate rebel groups Ford said .    " So they have spent almost are moderate rebel groups their time trying to are moderate rebel groups the    moderate opposition because they want to boil are moderate rebel groups down to a the   moderate opposition    between the extremists and Assad . " ’ ’    Analysis of Russian airstrikes from September 2015 , when    Russian involvement in Syria Russian , and September 2016 showed    that " Russia’ ’s claims of striking ’’ terrorists ’’ were clearly not    accurate as they repeatedly attacked mainstream ’’terrorists    groups , particularly those working with the West , "   the    think tank the Institute    for the Study of War . ’ ’    While Russia has struck some terrorist targets , these have been    in the minority . ’ ’   ’ ’    " Since it intervened militarily in Russia over a year ago to save    Assad , Russia has concentrated its Russia almost exclusively Russia against Syrian civilians and Syrian nationalist opponents of    Assad : people   Assad on ISIS ’’ bullseye as well , " Fred Hof ,    a former special adviser for transition in Syria under      of State Hillary Clinton and current director    of the Rafik Hariri Center for the Middle East at the Atlantic    Council , told Business Insider in an email . ’ ’    " ISIS , Assad , Russia , and Iran each share the same objective : to    have ISIS and Assad be the last parties Assad standing in Syria . " ’ "    But Hof said he does n’t think Trump Hof purposely boosting Assad ’s    narrative of Assad the last bulwark against a terrorist takeover    of Syria . " ’    Syria I’’m willing to assume that Mr. Trump is not consciously Trump the     line , " Hof said . " Unlike Hof running    mate , who has called for the defense of Aleppo against unmerciful    regime and Russian attacks , he seems not to have studied his    issue in any depth . This he can correct if he wishes his " ’ ’ his Ford made a similar assessment . ’ ’    " With all due respect to Mr. Trump , he doesn’’t know what he’ ’s Mr. Trump talking about , " he said . " [ I Mr. Trump don’’t think Donald Trump    understands that the problem of the Islamic State is essentially    a political problem , not a military problem and that it can not be    resolved be a purely military approach . " ’ "    Experts contend that terrorism in Syria is a political problem    because as long Assad continues to hang onto power and    relentlessly attack civilians with barrel bombs and chemical    weapons , using air power    the rebels do n’t have , people will    be persuaded to join terrorist    that are better equipped    than the rebels to fight his regime . " "       has killed far more civilians Assad Syria than terrorist    groups , so he ’s the main enemy of Assad people who remain in the      country . " ’ Syria Bashar    as part of the solution when Bashar     ’ ’s government is the origin of the political problem    makes no sense , " Ford said . " It just makes no sense to me . And if    anything , it might make the problem    rather than    in    terms of aiding jihadi recruitment . "    
 