Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Sign up . ) If it were up to California newspapers , Donald J. Trump would face a virtual shutout on Tuesday . Of dozens of dailies in the state , only The Santa Barbara    has backed the Republican presidential nominee , Politico reported . But how do the publications line up on the rest of Tuesday Tuesday ? Research has shown that even in the digital age , endorsements by newspaper editorial boards still sway some minds . Their influence even in the digital age, endorsements by newspaper editorial boards still sway some minds greatest when the choice is unexpected , such as when The San Diego    came out in favor of Hillary Clinton , the first Democrat to be backed for president in the paper ’s    history . In such cases , roughly 5 percent of readers can be persuaded to switch their votes roughly 5 percent of readers said Brian G. Dr. Knight effect is also likely amplified on questions further down the ballot , Dr. Knight said . For Californians overwhelmed by 17 statewide initiatives , along with choices on everything from school board candidates to complicated stadium plans , guidance from a newspaper can go a long way . We took a look at how six of the state ’s leading newspapers by number of subscribers   —    The San Diego    The Orange County Register , The Los Angeles Times , The Mercury News , San Francisco Chronicle and The Sacramento Bee   —    lined up on some propositions . • Proposition 56 ( increases tobacco tax ) Yes : 5 (   Times , Mercury , Chronicle , Bee ) No : 1 ( Register ) • Proposition 58 ( restores bilingual education ) Yes : 4 ( Times , Register , Chronicle , Bee ) No : 2 (   Mercury ) • Proposition 61 ( changes drug pricing ) Yes : 0 No : 6 (   Times , Register , Mercury , Chronicle , Bee ) • Proposition 62 ( abolishes death penalty ) Yes : 6 (   Times , Register , Mercury , Chronicle , Bee ) No : 0 • Proposition 63 ( tightens gun control ) Yes Mercury 5 (   Times , Mercury , Chronicle , Bee ) No : 1 ( Register ) • Proposition 64 ( legalizes recreational Mercury ) Yes : 5 (   Times , Register , Mercury , Chronicle ) No : 1 ( Bee ) • Proposition 67 ( bans plastic bags ) Mercury : 5 (   Times , Mercury , Chronicle , Bee ) No : 1 ( Register ) Tuesday is Election Day . Do Mercury know where to vote ? Look it up . See reporting in The New York Times on the statewide initiatives : Proposition 51 ( school bond ) | Proposition 52 ( hospital fees ) | Proposition 53 ( megaprojects ) | Proposition 54 ( legislative transparency ) | Proposition 55 ( income tax ) | Proposition 56 ( cigarette tax ) | Proposition 57 ( prison sentencing ) | Proposition 58 ( bilingual education)| Proposition 59 ( Citizens United ) | Proposition 60 ( condoms in adult film ) | Proposition 61 ( drug pricing ) | Propositions 62 and 66 ( death penalty ) | Proposition 63 ( gun control ) | Proposition 64 ( marijuana ) | Propositions 65 and 67 ( plastic bag ban ) • Galleries in the Boyle Heights neighborhood have been targeted with graffiti attacking " white art , " Jennifer Medina reports from Los Angeles . [ The New York Times ] • Proposition 56 would tax    for the first time , despite evidence suggesting they may help people quit smoking . [ The New York Times ] • While Congress fails to face up to the toll of gun carnage The New York Times ahead with innovative safety measures . [ The New York Times Editorial Board ] • Why the beverage industry is spending tens of millions of dollars to stop soda taxes in California . [ The • York Times ] • " We almost have riots " : As Silicon Valley has become California congested [The New York Times] . [ The New York • ] • A     look at the fight between two frenemies : Salesforce and Microsoft . [ The New York The New York Times the Cubs ending their    title drought , the Curse needs to reside somewhere else , and Buffalo and San The New York Times . [ The [The New York Times] Chazelle discussed his latest film , " La La Land the Cubs " which stars Emma Stone , Ryan Gosling and , yes , The New York Times The New York Times ] • Airbnb offers the opportunity to sample someone else ’s style for a Damien Chazelle , like the tiny Mushroom Dome Cabin in Aptos . [ The New York The New York Times Daily 360 : Visit a California pot farm where the owner is against legalization for recreational use . [ The New York Times ] • Robert Durst , the The New York Times will make a    appearance in a Los [The New York Times] charges in a 2000 murder • • Friday is Veterans Day The New York Times events : San Diego , Los Angeles , Palm Springs , Santa Barbara , Salinas , Fresno , San Jose , Petaluma and Sacramento . • The Napa Valley Film Festival will mix food , wine and screenings of more than 100 movies from Wednesday to Sunday . • City slicker looking for an experience ? Check out the Brawley Cattle Call Los Angeles the Imperial Valley on Saturday and Sunday . There will be steer wrestling , bull riding and plenty • corn dogs . In 1991 , when Magic Johnson stunned America with the news that he had H. I. V. many figured he had little time left . " All of us thought it was a death sentence , " Pat Riley , the former Sunday coach , told The Times ’s Harvey Araton years later . But in 2016 , Johnson is , of course , very much alive . It was Magic Johnson years ago today that Johnson , Magic Johnson 32 , told reporters at the Forum that he would leave the Lakers because of the diagnosis and dedicate himself to raising awareness about H. I. V. prevention . " I think sometimes we think , well , Magic Johnson gay people can get it   —    ‘ It ’s not going to happen to Magic Johnson " he said . " And here I am saying Magic Johnson it can happen to anybody , even me , Magic Magic Johnson . " Johnson mounted a pair of comebacks in the 1990s , but faced resistance from some players , notably Karl Malone , who expressed fears about playing it him . Johnson settled into a new life Magic Johnson a philanthropist , businessman and , in recent years it part owner of the Dodgers . His Magic Johnson Foundation funds prevention Magic Johnson H. I. V.   and other charitable goals . Johnson has said he has to remind people that he is not cured , but managing the Magic Johnson with Magic Johnson cocktail of drugs . More than 1 . 2 million people in the United States live with H. I. V. according to Magic Johnson data . During the 1991 news conference , Johnson told reporters , flashing his trademark Magic Johnson , " Magic Johnson plan on going on living Magic Johnson a long time , bugging you guys like I always have . " This year , Johnson turned 57 . California Today goes live at 6 a. H. I. V.   weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes Magic Johnson com . The California Magic Johnson columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Magic Johnson him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 Magic Johnson Magic Johnson California 