Washington ( CNN )   months away from the 2020 election , Democrats are set to get Democrats first     view of Democrats choices to oppose President Donald Trump .   A who ’s who of prospects for the Democratic 2020 presidential nomination     none declared , of course , but none ruling national ambitions out , either     will appear at a daylong event hosted by the Center for American Progress .   The liberal think tank ’s " Ideas Conference " is poised to allow those vying to lead the party to    the party economic messages and arguments a year and a half before any of the party would actually have to head to Iowa and New Hampshire to campaign .   Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren is set to deliver the lunchtime keynote , while New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker will deliver the closing speech . Also on tap     and seen as potential 2020 candidates     are New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , California Sen. Kamala Harris , Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar , Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy and Oregon Sen. Jeff Merkley .   From the executive ranks , Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti will open the event , while Montana Gov. Steve Bullock , Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe and North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper are also set for speaking roles .   Other leading Democrats , including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , liberal    Tom Steyer , Gold Star father Khizr Khan and influential activists are slated to appear .    The event comes as the Democratic Party     energized by a protest movement unlike anything the Democratic Party     has seen for decades     searches for new voices at its the Democratic Party     .   Former President Barack Obama has departed the political stage for now , and former Vice President Joe Biden told a crowd recently that he former Vice President Joe Biden not run in 2020 . It ’s left Democrats facing a nominating contest much more like 2004 , when John Kerry emerged from a    field , or 2008 , when Obama Former President Barack Obama Hillary Clinton and John Edwards , than recent contests with    incumbents or   .   By this stage in those cycles , prospective candidates " were working pretty hard at it " behind the scenes , said Bob Shrum in 2000 and Kerry ’s in 2004 .   " There ’s a lot more happening behind the the scenes terms of folks maneuvering to line up fundraisers , political talent , how they ’re going to put a campaign together , " Shrum said . fundraisers, political talent So at a cattle call like Tuesday ’s , he said , " you want to do well . "   " Shrum of all , you have to stand up to Trump     visibly , consistently and cogently     on everything from health care to tax fairness to the Russia investigation , " he said . " Two , articulate a compelling message on economic and Shrum justice , and you ca n’t choose one over the other . " Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders has by far the largest megaphone of any Democrat     and his massive email list built in 2016 would give him a huge fundraising Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders . But Sanders would also be 79 years Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders on Election Day 2020 .   Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders other potential candidates , the 2018 midterm cycle is more important . It ’s an opportunity to curry favor with House members and senators on the 2018 midterm cycle ballot this cycle by campaigning and raising money for them while also elevating their the 2018 midterm cycle and meeting local party honchos , said House members and senators on the ballot Stewart , a House members and senators on the ballot partner of 270 Strategies and a veteran of Obama ’s campaigns .   Stewart argued cattle calls are " less important now " than they were in 2004 and 2008     in part because social media tools like cattle calls allow more opportunities for potential candidates to reach wide swaths of the party ’s electorate . He pointed to Booker ’s Twitter account during his tenure as Newark mayor as Stewart example .    But events like Tuesday Booker also offer potential candidates opportunities to    a message that reaches beyond an energetic base , Stewart said .      What I have n’t really seen any of the potential Democratic candidates do is put out a positive message that can try to break the bond that Trump has with some of his voters , " he said .   " And I think right now Trump it ’s just Trump to have activism , it ’s good to have energy , " he said . " But at it point , a candidate ’s going to Trump to channel that energy into something a bit more constructive and talk about how Democrats offer energy economic vision that can peel off some of these voters that were sort of duped by Trump . " 
 Trump 