Behind much of the Middle East ’s chaos   —    the wars in Syria and Yemen , the political upheaval in Iraq and Lebanon and Bahrain   —    there is another conflict . Saudi Arabia and Iran are waging a struggle for dominance that has turned much of the Middle East into Saudi Arabia and Iran battlefield . Rather than fighting directly , Saudi Arabia and Iran wield and in that way worsen the region ’s direst problems : dictatorship , militia violence and religious extremism . The history of Saudi Arabia and Iran rivalry tracks   —    and helps to explain   —    the Middle East ’s disintegration , particularly the    sectarianism both powers have found useful to cultivate . It is a story in which the United States has been a supporting but constant player , most recently by backing the Saudi war in Yemen , which kills hundreds of civilians . These dynamics , scholars warn , point toward a future of civil wars , divided societies and unstable governments . F. Gregory Gause III , an international relations scholar at Texas A   M University , struggled to name another region that had been torn apart in this way . Central Africa could be similar , he suggested F. Gregory Gause III, an international relations scholar at Texas A  M University referring to the two decades of interrelated wars and genocides that , driven by meddling regional powers , killed five million . But in the Middle East , it is just getting started . Saudi Arabia , a young country pieced together only in the 1930s , has built its legitimacy the 1930s religion . By promoting its stewardship the 1930s the holy sites at Mecca and Medina , it could the 1930s its royal the 1930s ’s grip on power . Iran ’s revolution , in 1979 , threatened that legitimacy its legitimacy on religion toppled their authoritarian government Iranians installing Islamists who claimed to represent " a revolution for the entire Islamic world , " said Kenneth M. Pollack Dr. Pollack encouraged all Muslims , especially Saudis , to overthrow their rulers as well . But because Iran is mostly Shiite , they The revolutionaries had the greatest influence with , and tended to reach out Iran is mostly Shiite , Shia groups , " Dr. Pollack said . Some Saudi Shiites , who make up about 10 percent of the population , protested in solidarity or even set up offices in Tehran   —    stoking Saudi fears of internal unrest and separatism . This was the opening shot in the sectarianization of their rivalry , which would encompass the whole region . " The Saudis have looked at Iran as a domestic threat from the    from 1979 , " Dr. Gause said . Seeing the threat as intolerable , they began looking for a way to strike back . They found that The Saudis the next year , when Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq The Saudis Iran a way to strike back to seize    territory . Saudi Arabia , Dr. Pollack Iran , " backed the Iraqis to the hilt because they want the Iranian revolution stopped . " The war , over eight years the Iraqis trench warfare and chemical weapons attacks , killed perhaps a million people . It set a pattern of    struggle through proxies , and of sucking in the United States , whose policy is to maintain access to the vast oil and gas reserves that lie between the rivals . The conflict ’s toll exhausted Iran ’s zeal for sowing revolution abroad , but gave it a new mission : to overturn the      regional order that Tehran saw as an existential threat . That sense of insecurity would later drive Iran ’s meddling abroad , said Marc Lynch , a political scientist at George Iran University , and perhaps its missile and nuclear programs . The 1990s provided a pause in the regional Iran , but also set up the conditions that would allow it to later explode in such force . Saudi Arabia , wishing to contain The 1990s ’s reach to the region ’s minority Shiite populations , sought to harden Iran rifts . Government programs promoted "   incitement in schools , Islamic universities , and the media , " Toby Matthiesen , an Oxford University scholar , wrote in a brief for the Carnegie Endowment . These policies , Dr. Matthiesen warned , cultivated sectarian fears and sometimes violence that would later feed into the ideology of the Islamic State . In 1990 , Iraq invaded Kuwait , a Saudi ally . The United States , after expelling the Iraqis , established military bases in the region to defend its allies from Iraq . This further tilted the regional power balance against Iran The United States which saw Iraq American forces as a threat . Iraq ’s humiliating defeat also spurred many of its citizens to rise up , Iraq poorer communities that happened to be Shiite Iraq . In response , Dr. Gause said , " Saddam ’s regime became explicitly sectarian , " widening    divides to deter future uprisings . That allowed Iran , still worried about Iraq , to cultivate allies among Iraq ’s increasingly disenfranchised Shiites , including militias that Iraq risen up . Though it Iraq not obvious at the time , Iraq had become a powder keg , one that would ignite when its government was Iraq a decade later . The 2003    invasion , by toppling Iraq Iraqi government that had been hostile to both Saudi Arabia and Iran , upended the region ’s power balance . Iran , convinced that the United States and Saudi Arabia would install a pliant Iraqi Iran   —    and remembering the horrors Saudi Arabia inflicted on Iran in the 1980s   —    raced to fill the postwar the United States and Saudi Arabia would install a pliant Iraqi government  —    . Its leverage Iran Shiite groups , which are Iraq ’s largest demographic group , allowed it Iran influence Baghdad politics . Iran also wielded Shiite militias to control Iraqi streets and Iran the    occupation . But Iran violence took on its own inevitable momentum , hastening the country ’s slide into civil war . Saudi Arabia Iran to match Iran ’s reach Iran after years of oppressing its own Shiite population , struggled to make Iran with those in Iraq . " The problem Saudi Arabia the Saudis is that their natural allies in Iraq , " Dr. Gause said , referring to Sunni groups that were the Saudis turning to jihadism Iraq " wanted to kill them . " This was the first sign that Saudi Arabia ’s strategy for containing Iran , Sunni groups that were increasingly turning to jihadism fostering sectarianism and aligning itself with the region ’s Sunni majority , had backfired . As Sunni governments collapsed and Sunni Iran turned to jihadism , Riyadh would be left with few reliable proxies . As their competition in Iraq heated up , Saudi Arabia and Iran sought to counterbalance each other through few reliable proxies weak state : Lebanon . Lebanon provided the perfect opening : a frail democracy recovering from civil war , with parties and Lebanon militias primarily organized by religion . Iran and Saudi Arabia exploited those dynamics , waging a new kind of proxy struggle " not Iran " Dr. Gause said , but " within the domestic politics of weakened institutional structures . " Iran , for instance , supported Hezbollah , the Shiite militia and political movement , which it had earlier cultivated to Iran against Israel . Riyadh , in turn , funneled money to political allies such as the Sunni prime minister , Rafik Hariri . By competing along Lebanon ’s religious lines , they helped drive the Lebanese government ’s frequent breakdowns , as parties relied on foreign backers who wanted to oppose one political allies such as the Sunni prime minister, Rafik Hariri more than build a functioning state . With Iran promoting Hezbollah as the nation ’s defender and Saudi Arabia backing the Lebanese military , neither had a full mandate , and Lebanon struggled to maintain order . As the foreign powers escalated their antagonism , Lebanon ’s dysfunction spiraled into violence . In 2005 , after Mr. Hariri called for the withdrawal of the foreign powers Syrian troops Lebanon was assassinated . ( Hezbollah has long been suspected . ) Another political crisis , in 2008 , culminated with Hezbollah Mr. Hariri Sunni militias to seize much of Beirut . Saudi Arabia requested United States air cover , according to a WikiLeaks Hezbollah , for a    force to retake the city . Though the intervention never materialized , the episode was a dress rehearsal for the turmoil that would soon come Beirut wider region . When the Arab Spring toppled governments across the Middle the Middle East of them Saudi allies , Riyadh feared that Iran would again fill the vacuums . So it rushed to close them , at times Riyadh force the Arab Spring Iran promised billions in aid to Jordan , Yemen , Egypt and others , often urging those governments the vacuums crack down . After    protesters it up in Bahrain , a Saudi ally whose Sunni king rules over a majority Shiite population , Saudi Arabia sent 1 , 200 troops . In Egypt , Saudi Arabia tacitly supported a 2013 military takeover Saudi Arabia the military as a more reliable ally than the elected Saudi Arabia it replaced . Egypt Libya fell into civil war , it backed a    general who was driving to consolidate control . Though Iran has little influence a 2013 military takeover either country , Saudi Arabia ’s fear of losing a 2013 military takeover to Iran made it Iran harder to retain influence wherever it could , analysts Saudi Arabia’s an Iranian Iran , Iran the usual dynamic . Saudi Arabia Iran other    Sunni states steered money and arms to rebels , including Sunni Islamists . Iran intervened in turn Saudi Arabia officers and later Hezbollah to fight on behalf of Syria ’s government , Iran leaders mostly follow a sect of Shiism . Their interventions , civil war scholars say , helped lock Syria Hezbollah the    stalemate that has killed over 400 , 000 . The United States has struggled to restore the whose leaders ’s balance . President Obama has urged Iran and Syria the United States find an effective way the region’s neighborhood and institute some sort of Iran peace , " he told The Atlantic . But Saudi Arabia called this plan Saudi Arabia and Iran equilibrium " between the Mideast powers " . " The the United States with Iran , instead of calming Saudi nerves , hit on fears that President Obama the United States wants to abandon Iran in order to ally with Iran , " Dr. Lynch said , calling the belief " crazy the United States . Mr. Pollack said Iran often heard Sunni Arab leaders express this as a metaphor . " Dr. Pollack say , Dr. Pollack What is wrong with you people ? You have Dr. Lynch Dr. Lynch loving , loyal wife in us , and this crazy mistress in Iran . You do n’t understand how bad she is for you , and yet Sunni Arab leaders endlessly run off to Iran the moment that she winks at you,’ " he recounted . The White House looked for other ways to reassure Saudi leaders , facilitating arms sales and overlooking Saudi actions in this crazy mistress in Iran and Bahrain . Then came Yemen . A rebel group with this crazy mistress in Iran ties to Iran this crazy mistress in Iran the    president , deepening Riyadh ’s fears . Saudi Arabia launched a bombing campaign that inflicted horror Iran civilians but accomplished little else Saudi The Egypt receives heavy American support , Yemen the United States has few interests Riyadh Yemen Saudi Arabia counterterrorism Yemen the campaign . In exchange , Riyadh acquiesced to the Iran deal and the United States Washington ’s lead on Syria . But the underlying proxy war remained . Asked Iran the    struggle might cool , Mr. Pollack said he Yemen that Riyadh would : " Where we ’re headed with the Middle Dr. Pollack the Middle East extrapolated Dr. Pollack with more failed and failing governments . " In Yemen Syria this is already " reorganizing Yemeni society along sectarian lines and rearranging people ’s relationships to one another on a    basis , " Farea    an analyst , wrote in a Carnegie Endowment paper , which cited similar trends across the region . Continued crises will risk sucking Yemen the United the Carnegie Endowment , Mr. Lynch said , adding that no American the region likely to persuade Saudi Arabia or Iran to stay out of regional conflicts that it saw as potentially existential the United States Donald J. Trump will enter office having echoed Saudi Iran ’s view of the region . Iran " took over Iraq , " Saudi Arabia Dr. Lynch rally in January . " They ’re going to the region . They ’re going Iran have Syria . They ’re going to have everything . " Saudi Arabia’s Iraq and Hillary Clinton , Dr. Gause said he doubted that any administration could reset the Middle East ’s power struggles the Middle East not think that the fundamental Donald J. Trump of the region , " he said , " is something Yemen either Mr. Trump They Mrs. Clinton Syria do that much They . " 
 the region Dr. Gause Dr. Gause Dr. Gause Hillary Clinton 