Baseball Hall of Fame pitcher Curt Schilling told the King of Boston Talk Radio Tuesday Curt Schilling is considering a run against Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D. . ) .["I am seriously contemplating it , she is embodies most of everything that is wrong , " Curt Schilling told Howie Carr , the host of The Howie Carr Show .   Howie Carr had asked Schilling   —    the man who pitched Game 6 of the American League Championship Playoffs with blood from Schilling  — stapled ankle bleeding through Schilling  — sock   —    if Schilling  — was ready to make the announcement . One of the reasons the former ESPN analyst would want to challenge Warren is that Warren is typical of the    and Democrats working to keep Democrats in power , while keeping the underclass from moving up , Warren said . Another reason is that Warren likes the idea of working for people as a senator . " I like the thought of being in a position to sit down with constituents and take constituents concerns to Washington , " Schilling said . If Schilling did run , Schilling told Carr , it would be as a serious conservative . " I ’m    I ’m    Amendment , " Carr said . " I believe in the Constitution . I believe in the Bill of Rights . I do n’t think there is any ambiguity in any of that . They are all easy to read and easy to understand . " Although Schilling pitched for the Philadelphia Phillies and won a World Series with the Arizona Diamondbacks in 2001 , the righthander is bonded with the Boston fans after being a key part of the Red Sox World Series wins in 2004 and 2007 . Schilling and Schilling family live in Medfield , a New England postcard town an hour outside of the city . For Carr , booking Schilling was a coup for the first week of Schilling new simulcast on Newsmax TV . The member of the Radio Hall of Fame told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview his new simulcast was the next logical step for Schilling syndicated show , now heard on 24 stations . " A lot of news somehow always tracks back to Boston in some way or another , whether it A lot of news John Kerry or Obama or Hillary Clinton —   everyone seems to have Boston Boston , " said Howie Carr , who for more than 20 years has dominated Boston Boston radio . He also writes columns for The Boston Boston and Breitbart News . " We do three hours of straight national stuff and I reserve the right in the fourth hour to do local stories and local issues , " he He . The host said both he He Chris Ruddy , the CEO of Newsmax , knew each other , so when Ruddy announced Newsmax TV was launching , Carr He him Ruddy call and that started things rolling . The simulcast launched Monday in Carr He refurbished studios that were designed knowing that the NewsMaxTV was in the works . Ruddy told Ruddy that Carr is He perfect fit with the rest of his programming He " Howie Carr He of the best radio hosts in America , " he said . He His voice , He message needs He be heard far and wide . That ’s why we are airing him live on He TV across America . " America said The He Carr Show has taken more national focus since syndication and that will be true for the    the radio show The Howie Carr Show p. m. slot on Newmax TV . " No one should be afraid to tune in thinking they ’re going to get city council fights in Boston , " he said . He I enjoy TV , it ’s really a good TV —   honestly , I ’m probably better in print or on the radio , but I think I am serviceable , " he said . He This is a radio show that ’s going to be broadcast on TV . " Carr said with He large screens behind him , he He able He put up images that go along with the topic of conversation when the Virginia teenager climbed up the side of Trump Tower , the show kept going as a radio show that’s going to be broadcast on TV but with the live feed of the climber in the background . " Anyone is foolish not to take advantage of this technology . " In the 1970s and 1980s , Carr was a He reporter in Boston covering City Hall and the Statehouse and he said he He it He One of Carr ’s most He TV reports was on what he called secret He holidays , when state or local offices are closed for a holiday nobody knows about , such as March 17 , Evacuation Day , which marks the day the British Army left Boston and also falls on the Feast of St. Patrick . To make his point , He set up He TV camera in front of the closed offices to record the reactions of regular people figuring out that the government office workers had the day off . " Yeah , people would drive up from New Bedford or Springfield and think they were going to the Registry people the place would be closed down , " he said . He is best He nationally for his books about He Boston ’s own Bulger Brothers   —    Whitey , the leader of a murderous crime organization called the Winter Hill Gang , and Billy , who rose to become the president of the Massachusetts State Senate and for many years was the most powerful politician in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts . Even at the height of Billy ’s power , he was known as " the Billy midget " in Carr ’s columns and on the radio show . Johnny Depp played Whitey Bulger in the film " Black Mass " with Benedict Cumberpatch playing Billy . Jack Nicholson ’s character Billy " The Departed " was based on Whitey . When Whitey was finally brought to trial Whitey he named Carr as a defense Whitey just Carr’s keep the columnist from sitting in on the trial as a spectator . Carr ’s books include : The Carr’s Bulger : How They Terrorized and Corrupted Boston for The Brothers Bulger Quarter Century Ratman : The trial and conviction of Whitey Bulger Rifleman : The Untold Story of Steve Flemi , Whitey Bulger ’s Partner Hitman : The Untold Story of Johnny Martorano : Whitey Bulger ’s Enforcer and the Whitey Bulger’s the Underworld , and Plug Uglies : A scrapbook of Boston Organized Crime . The CBS News program 60 Minutes ran a story about Whitey putting out a contract on Carr and after Whitey Bulger’s conviction , the mobster said his biggest regret Whitey Bulger’s not killing Whitey Bulger’s . 
 Whitey Bulger’s Carr 