’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON , DC   —    The only nation to have used nuclear weapons    this century will be able to strike Seattle in four years , former    CIA Director Gen. Michael Hayden said on Wednesday . ’ ’    " I really do think that it is very likely by the end of Mr.    Trump’ ’s first term the North Koreans will be able to reach Seattle with a nuclear weapon onboard an indigenously produced    intercontinental ballistic missile , " Hayden former   CIA Director Gen. Michael Hayden ’ ’    " Now , will it be a    shot ? They have technical    issues , so probably not , " Hayden former   CIA Director Gen. Michael Hayden . " But then again , what kind    of odds are you comfortable with when it comes to Pyongyang ? " ’ ’   ’ ’    North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has conducted 25      tests and two nuclear tests this year . ’ ’     ’ "    Bruce Klingner , a senior research fellow of Northeast Asia at the    Heritage Foundation and former CIA deputy division chief for    Korea , says the North North Korean is n’t four years away   —    it ’s the North Korean threat nearly here . " ’    " Hayden is a bit behind the curve on the North Korea ICBM    threat , " Klingner told Business Insider . ’ ’    " After the December 2012 launch , the South Korean navy dredged up    off the ocean floor the stages of the North Korean missile , "    Klingner Klingner Klingner South Korean and US officials assessed the    missile had a    range , which covers a large part    of the US . " ’ "    Fast forward to this year , on February 7 , a month after North    Korea ’s   the rogue    regime fired a   it claimed was a   a    satellite for its space program a   " "    The launch , which was largely viewed as a front for testing an    intercontinental ballistic missile , was not only successful but    also showcased    North ’s technological advancements . " ’    " After the February 2016 launch , experts assessed it could have the February 2016 launch    range of 13 , 000 km , covering the entire US , " Klingner said , which    makes the Seattle range estimate " outdated , " Klingner added . Klingner ’    According to Klingner , even Klingner rocket with a range of 10 , 000 km    would compromise approximately 120 million people in the US . ’ ’   ’ ’    In 2015 , US commanders of US Forces Korea , Pacific Command , and    North American Aerospace Defense Command publicly assessed that    Pyongyang was able to strike to the US with the US weapon . ’ 
 