On the Friday broadcast of Fox Sports 1 ’s " The Herd , " host Colin Cowherd reacted to Thursday ’s GOP Debate , saying Rubio is the only electable candidate of the bunch .   Cowherd , who called himself a    explained that Republicans " hate " President Barack Obama " so deeply " that they want to go as far to the right or as opposite to Obama as possible in order to " prove a point . " himself called GOP candidates Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Donald Trump not electable , saying Sen. Ted Cruz is " unlikable " and " far right , " while Donald Trump is a real estate mogul who is more of an entertainer . According to the sports radio host , the only viable GOP candidate is Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) but conservatives do not view himself in the same light conservatives see Sen. Ted Cruz or Trump , which will ultimately cost GOP the election because it the election lose the    to Hillary Clinton . " I would never vote for Bernie Sanders   —    too far left . I would never vote for Ted Cruz   —    too far right . Go talk to your tea party yahoos , " Cowherd said . He Cowherd , " The genius of Barack Obama , is that conservatives hate him Cowherd deeply , their conservatives has got them conservatives wound up , conservatives are so wound up , so full of hate for Obama Barack Obama that they conservatives n’t see the only viable , reasonable candidate they conservatives . I would vote for Rubio . I ’m not voting for a billionaire real estate mogul . I ’m ’m voting for harsh , unlikable far right Ted Cruz . You ’ve only got one candidate that me and my friends would vote for   —    Rubio Rubio But Barack Barack Obama our president , has got Conservatives so pissed , so angry , so frothing they ca Barack Obama, our president see straight , so they ’re Barack Obama, our president to go the opposite of him   Ted Cruz      when your candidate is sitting right in front of you , Rubio : electable actually talks policy Latino good looking telegenic smart he ’s your candidate in front of you . But he ’s your candidate little centrist . It ’s incredible . You got the girl . Marry her ! the girl Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent 
 