  ( CNN ) Ahead of a highly anticipated briefing to the full Senate next week by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , one Democratic senator says one Democratic senator plans to press one Democratic senator aggressively about the timeline that led to the firing of FBI Director James Comey and whether one Democratic senator plans to call for a special prosecutor to lead an investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and alleged collusion with the Russians by Trump campaign associates . " I certainly have some very specific questions about the timeline " of FBI Director James Comey ’s firing , said Michigan Sen. Gary Peters , one of 94 senators who voted to confirm Rosenstein last month . " I hope Rosenstein realizes the importance of having a special prosecutor . " Prior to Rosenstein ’s overwhelming confirmation , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York said Rosenstein had assured Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York would appoint a special prosecutor if needed . Asked by CNN ’s Michael Smerconish if Michael Smerconish regretted voting to approve Rosenstein , Peters would say only that Peters is " not pleased with the actions that we ’ve seen . " In the immediate aftermath of Comey ’s dismissal Tuesday , White House officials , including Vice President Mike Pence and top aides , stressed that Rosenstein recommended to President Donald Trump that Rosenstein fire Comey , but President Donald Trump in recent days said President Donald Trump would have done so regardless of the recommendation . Rosenstein has told officials Rosenstein was not happy with how Rosenstein ’s firing unfolded . Since Rosenstein ’s firing , members of Congress have increased calls to appoint a special prosecutor in the investigation , but Rosenstein does n’t see a need to do so at this point , people familiar with Rosenstein thinking tell CNN . " If Rosenstein believes that there ’s nothing there , then he Rosenstein n’t be afraid of the facts coming out , " Peters said . " Let ’s have 100 % credibility with a special prosecutor , and let ’s ’s sure it ’s done with integrity . " On Friday , two of Peters’ Democratic colleagues , California ’s Dianne Feinstein and Illinois’ Dick Durbin , said Rosenstein should resign if he Rosenstein to appoint a special prosecutor .   The exact date and time of Rosenstein Rosenstein have not been announced . 
 