Sandown , New Hampshire ( CNN ) Donald Trump took the stage at a town hall here Thursday night and insisted the forum was not set up to help prepare Donald Trump for Sunday ’s town    debate against Hillary Clinton . And after fielding a dozen softballs for just a    from a    group of voters inside the small , sweltering    room , it seemed Trump was right : the forum had " nothing to do " with the Sunday’s town   debate against Hillary Clinton despite Trump campaign sources Trump CNN earlier Thursday that the evening ’s town hall event would serve as a practice run . If it did , the evening’s town hall event ’s performance Trump night and his repeated mocking Trump the importance of debate prep raised serious questions about how Trump will perform Trump the debate Sunday just two weeks after he botched his Trump debate Trump due to what aides described as a lack of preparation . Hurricane politics , on The Daily David Chalian , " They were saying Hurricane politics is practice for Sunday . This Sunday n’t this , " Trump said . " We ’re just here because we wanted to We here . " And with a touch of bravado , he repeatedly mocked Trump for taking time off the campaign trail to prepare for the debate , stating multiple times that she was " Clinton , " in keeping with his past critiques Trump Clinton ’s health Clinton . " Do you really think that Hillary Clinton is debate Clinton three or four days ? " Trump asked mockingly . " It ’s not debate prep . She ’s resting , she Clinton resting . She Clinton resting and I Clinton to be with the American people . " But as Trump prepared to field questions Trump voters on Thursday , it appeared as though the event had been set up to prepare Trump for his next showdown Trump . Trump Carr , a talk radio host supporting Trump , would serve as moderator Trump and he announced to Trump that he Trump man a Trump timing Trump responses to two minutes each Trump New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , a town hall aficionado who has been helping Trump prepare for the coming debate Trump stood just a couple yards away , carefully observing Trump ’s performance . National poll Trump help Clinton build lead , And as Carr read questions from the voters in the room , each would stand up to identify themselves , giving Trump a chance to each     with Trump or an exchange of glances     with them . But Trump revealed little interest each participating in Trump mock debate . Rather than working the room , Trump remained standing in the room spot Trump just a few feet from Carr who read off the questions Trump ’s supporters had submitted . And Trump offered some jokes in an effort to Trump with the crowd , Trump made little effort to answer specific questions Trump to him and frequently went off on tangents as Trump he were delivering a speech at one of Trump rallies . When asked how he would Trump the middle class , Trump Trump up a platitude that " the Trump class has been forgotten in this country " before pivoting to his tax plan and proposals to cut regulations Trump He did not offer a definition . And Trump asked whether he would fire FBI Director James Comey     Trump recommended no charges against Clinton after investigating her use of a private email server     Trump Clinton , saying simply that he was " very disappointed . " New Hampshire    Trump : Clinton holds    edge   While Carr followed up Clinton couple of times to press Trump further on a question , the supportive radio    Trump did little in the way of offering Trump a preview of the    journalists who will Trump Sunday ’s debate . New Hampshire voters pride themselves in posing tough , New Hampshire    questions to New Hampshire voters candidates     they believe it is part of their New Hampshire voters in testing New Hampshire voters candidate ’s fitness to be New Hampshire voters in chief . All of the questions were handpicked on Thursday night , and many of them were laughably soft     including one asking Trump about All of the questions most important early childhood memory . ( He recounted Trump with blocks at his father ’s feet Trump his office , a memory Trump his daughter , Ivanka Trump , also recalled in her Trump at the Republican National Convention ) .   Trump also opened the forum by delivering opening remarks comparable Trump those he would offer up at a rally , addressing everything Trump his standing in various polls to mocking Clinton ’s decision Trump take time off from the campaign trail to prepare from the next debate . Trump also read from prepared remarks extending his prayers to Trump living in the path of Hurricane Trump , a Category 4 storm set to make landfall in Florida on Friday . " To all of my friends in Florida , please know that we are praying for you Florida everyone in the path you ’ve got to take care of yourself , you ’ve got to get out of the all of my friends in Florida , you ’ve got to listen . You ’ve got to listen because it could be a really bad one , " Trump said , adding that he spoke with Florida Gov. Rick Scott , a supporter Trump his , Florida in the day . Still , Trump Trump some insight into the performance he may deliver Trump Sunday     one peppered with jokes Trump his knack for storytelling , time permitting . And Trump Trump showed that he can effectively interact with voters Trump he delivers his Trump . Dismissing any concerns about Republican Trump on Trump candidacy , Trump suggested Republican officials endorsing Clinton this Trump were doing Trump because he would " never use these people . "   Clinton So then , they announced in a group they ’re going to Hillary these people " Trump said , these people a man near the front row Trump begin shaking his head . " You , you understand , " a man near the front row said . In the    to Thursday night ’s Trump hall , Trump aides would not say on the record that the Trump Hampshire event was a mock forum to prepare Trump for Sunday . Boris Epshteyn , a senior Trump Trump , insisted the forum was not a practice Trump Sunday , but still the New Hampshire event was a mock forum to prepare Trump for Sunday the town hall would help showcase why Sunday will be effective in town hall hall format . Epshteyn Trump Trump can " relate to the American people like no other candidate Trump Ronald Reagan " and suggested Clinton would struggle on Sunday because " you ca n’t be scripted in a forum . " 
 Sunday 