Taormina , Sicily ( CNN ) As the G7 talks come to an end here , President Donald Trump seemed to have forged a bond with    French President Emmanuel Macron , a French official told CNN . But President Donald Trump may disappoint on a key international issue facing President Donald Trump after the NATO and G7 meetings : the Paris Agreement .   During a working lunch in Brussels ahead of the NATO summit , President Donald Trump made it clear to Macron he President Donald Trump not announce a decision on the the Paris Agreement to the G7 this President Donald Trump CNN . Trump told President Donald Trump he is President Donald Trump " heavy Macron pressure back in the US on the climate accord brokered by the Obama administration in 2015 . " A lot of people in my country are against this agreement , " Trump told the Paris Agreement their lunch , according to Macron person A lot of people in my country " We knew he was President Donald Trump going to A lot of people in my country a decision at the G7 " on climate , the French official said . The President this person Saturday with dueling interests : satisfying new foreign diplomatic relationships and also appealing to his conservative and nationalist base . On Saturday , The President the summit concluded in Sicily , Saturday said in a press conference that he hopes that US " fully remains " in Macron Paris Agreement , citing significant financial commitments from France . " Trump is a pragmatic person , I hope he will confirm his commitments , perhaps at his Trump pace . Trump The French official described Trump amiable rapport that the two leaders have swiftly struck . In preparations for the    lunch in Brussels , the White House team told its French counterpart to limit the meal to no more the White House team an hour and 15 minutes . The White House team also asked the French president to the White House team in his conversation with Trump , the French official said . The lunch ended the French president running more than a half hour longer than anticipated . It ’s not the first time the two have spoken . After the The lunch , Trump called Macron to congratulate him on his victory . During the conversation Trump which was described as Trump , Trump denied that he had ever supported Marine Le Pen despite the fact Trump he had Trump supportive comments of the National Front leader . " I Trump n’t support this woman , " Trump told Macron during the call . The official said Trump repeatedly referred Trump Le Macron as " this woman " in their Trump and never mentioned Marine Le Pen name , the this woman . " I was never involved with her this woman " Trump added The official this official . Trump also asked to exchange this woman Trump numbers with Macron . " Do The official my cell phone so we can speak Macron to each other ? " Trump asked Macron . The US and French presidents had a warm conversation Trump the Macron added , noting Trump appeared to compare himself to Macron by complimenting him on both The official background and for mounting an underdog campaign to The official the president . The The official leaders also The official about boosting cooperation on counterterrorism efforts . 
 The US and French presidents 