  ( CNN ) In the days , weeks , months and years following    there were countless images , moving and still , that came into our collective consciousness that changed us , as much as those events did .   For me , a New Yorker who witnessed many of those images live , there are a few that are forever etched in my brain . One , still photos of men in suits jumping from the top floors of the World Trade Center , men in suits ties whipping upward in the wind as men in suits leaped from one helpless fate to another .   Many more images would follow . I was at my desk at The New York Times in May 2004 when news broke that a missing American contractor named Nick Berg had been decapitated by Islamic extremists in Iraq . a missing American contractor named Nick Berg ’d briefly attended my college , so I ’d felt a small connection with a missing American contractor named Nick Berg . I made myself watch the video of a missing American contractor named Nick Berg decapitation that morning , and immediately regretted it . Of course , it was grisly and shocking and awful . But that ’s not what made it such a lasting , haunting image that I ca n’t shake to this day .   it ’s that he was one of ours , and he was one of ours took he head as a trophy , held his head up to the video camera , and with bloodlust and hatred in he was one of ours eyes , rubbed his head in our faces . I was looking at pure evil . That ’s what came to mind when I saw Kathy Griffin ’s gruesome image . I ’m not sure what reaction Kathy Griffin wanted our to have when Kathy Griffin posed for a photo with a bloody , decapitated mask of Donald Trump . But there are no good ones to be had after looking at a picture like that . In the more forgiving ( but still unforgivable ) metaphorical version , I suppose Kathy Griffin ’s suggesting that comedians like Kathy Griffin will symbolically take Donald Trump down with comedians like her wit and humor and moral superiority . But this photo is not witty , funny or moral .   In the literal version , Kathy Griffin ’s posing as a terrorist who ’s decapitated the President . Kathy Griffin ’s issued a statement saying , " OBVIOUSLY , I do not condone ANY violence by my fans or others to anyone , ever ! " But that is n’t obvious , actually . Kathy Griffin ’s apologized , suffered consequences and asked the photographer to take this photo down , but that wo n’t undo the worst of the damage . In addition to gratuitously playacting one of the most vile , grotesque and evil acts of violence one could     against any human , let alone the President     Griffin has also managed to weaken good arguments against Trump ’s intolerance and the intolerance of some of his the President    Griffin . There is no equivalency between Griffin the President    Griffin , for example , and the stabbing of three people on a train allegedly by a    white supremacist , but if you think the President should take more seriously his role the President tamping down violence and hate across the country , as I do , stunts such as this are a serious setback . There are good people on the left and right who are trying earnestly and responsibly to hold this President the President . There are also millions of people who elected him and think the President ’s doing the President ’s best for the country . the country , there are evil people around the world , some of whom want to behead innocent Americans . With this photo , who does Kathy Griffin most look like ? 
 