  ( CNN ) In the final hours of the health care debate , President Trump ’s primary political strategy became clear . President Trump threatened to blame Speaker Paul Ryan and the congressional Republicans if the bill went down to defeat . Speaker Paul Ryan and the congressional Republicans would be responsible for the continuation of Obamacare .   President Trump would make this clear to President Trump constituents . Speaker Ryan and the congressional Republicans did not deliver . There is no plan B , his press Speaker Ryan and the congressional Republicans Sean Spicer said . If the bill the bill , President Trump explained , Republicans would have to shoulder the responsibility for the survival of Obamacare and for breaking their campaign pledge . Republicans It did n’t work . In the final hours of the workday , President Trump conceded defeat and agreed when Speaker Ryan said to pull the bill . But the bill expect him to pull back from President Trump blame game strategy . President Trump From the moment that he took office , President President Trump has been blaming President Trump for every problem that he has faced . When he President Trump the popular vote , President Trump blamed voter fraud . When President Trump crowds were relatively thin for his inauguration , he blamed the President Trump fake news President Trump for publishing false reports about the numbers . Each time that the Russia investigation took a turn that reflected poorly on him , the President has blamed President Trump or President Trump or even President Obama , who he said used McCarthyite tactics against him President Trump   Trump loves to point President Trump finger at the other guy . He plays the blame game more than Trump other president in recent history .   Trump has mastered the blame game in Trump because he the blame game , and is Trump to go to places previous presidents would not . While all presidents lie , he is willing to make false statements Trump the time , unapologetically , as he plays with fact and fiction in Trump that make it difficult for his opponents to feel that they are Trump stable ground .   In a his opponents political world where most Americans tend to get their political information from biased sources that confirm , most Americans than challenge , their beliefs , Trump ’s    attacks on opponents rather his positioning himself as a president taking on the Trump , Trump conspiracy theorizing , still resonate with his Republican Trump .   But now , in Trump aftermath of his failure on health care , it is he Trump is not standing on stable ground . Trump of what Trump says , the loss in the House was Trump . This was the first major piece of legislation that the administration has tried to move through Congress after a " hundred days " that have been dominated by executive orders .   Obamacare repeal is an issue that has been near and dear to the heart of the GOP since 2010 . Republicans have promised to overturn the ACA and , even with a united government , they failed . The loss will embolden Trump ’s Republicans as it is now clear that he can be defeated The loss He will have that much less credibility to move he of either party along on controversial matters like free trade .   To be sure , Trump ’s opponents should not take anything for granted Trump’s Trump has proven that when he attacks , he Trump’s for the kill , Trump’s the humiliation Trump’s this defeat will inevitably lead him toward turning the Freedom Caucus , Speaker Ryan Trump’s the Democrats into the new reason for his problems .   The challenge for Trump is Trump’s as he gets deeper into his Trump’s , voters who Trump’s supported him will Trump’s clearly see his vulnerabilities . As Trump’s continues to blame other Trump’s , these voters Trump’s start to see why it is voters who have supported him is to blame .   Over the Trump’s few weeks , President Trump has exposed many of his own weaknesses Trump’s of which contributed to today Trump’s failure in the House . The    scandal is continuing to consume much of the national conversation about his presidency , emboldening his critics who sense that there Trump’s much more to Trump’s .   His endless tweets and groundless attacks , including about President Trump’s , have forced Republicans to spend much more time talking about his behavior rather than their legislative agenda . The lack Trump’s preparation and scattershot approach Republicans dealing with policy and Congress have cost him . His    strategy on this bill was sloppy Trump’s ended Trump’s alienating everyone , as he deeply underestimated conservative opposition to Ryan ’s plan . Trump’s Trump , it turns out , is not actually able to put together any deal that he wants . In this case , he was the loser Trump   While the president will be Trump up to blame everyone for this defeat , the truth is that he might just have no one to blame but himself . the president the president 