New York ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton referred to Russia ’s meddling in the 2016 US presidential election as an " act of aggression " on Thursday , in Hillary Clinton most extended comments yet about a controversy that has consumed the earliest days of Donald Trump ’s presidency . " I am deeply concerned about what went on with Russia , " Hillary Clinton said at the " Women in the World " summit in New York City . " A foreign power meddled with our election and did so in a way that our are learning more about every single day . " The Russian hackings , Hillary Clinton said , appeared to be a " more effective theft even than Watergate . " Accusing Russian President Vladimir Putin of wanting to " sow distrust and confusion , as well as influence , our election , " the former secretary of state also said Hillary Clinton supports an independent investigation into whether there was collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign . Russians " will be back time and time again " if the United States does n’t take bipartisan " action together to hold whoever was involved accountable , " Clinton warned . Thursday marked Clinton Clinton public interview since Election Day . The       session was conducted by the New York Times’ Nicholas Kristof . In front of a friendly audience at a packed auditorium at the Lincoln Center , Clinton was Clinton about the parallel universe in which she had Clinton to be president .   " You know what ? I ’m doing pretty well , all things considered , " Clinton said Clinton when Kristof asked the New York Times’ Nicholas Kristof she was Clinton . The past few months , she said Clinton have been filled with long walks in the woods , spending quality time with friends and family , and at times , convincing herself to Clinton get out of bed . "    " The aftermath of the election was so devastating , " she said Clinton   She reflected Clinton what it has been like to observe the climate that has surrounded her former Clinton opponent : " As a person I ’m OK . As an American , I ’m pretty worried . " " I do n’t take any pleasure in seeing the kind of chaotic functioning , " she said Clinton   But one moment of dysfunction for the Republican Party was an exception : The GOP ’s failure to take a vote on a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare .   " You know , health care is complicated . Right ? " Clinton said in a jab at Trump . " That was somewhat gratifying . " Clinton also Clinton sharp words on the situation in Syria , where a chemical attack     believed to be perpetrated by Bashar       killed more than 70 people earlier this week .   " I really believe that we should have and still should take out ( Assad ’s ) air fields and prevent him from Assad able to use them to (Assad’s) air fields innocent people and drop sarin gas on them . (Assad’s) air fields The lingering disappointment among her supporters Hillary the room was clear . Comedian Samantha Bee , who introduced Clinton onto the stage , said , " It ’s actually hard to know what to say today . I should be lauding Hillary for making time to be here despite her busy Hillary as president . " In the immediate aftermath of her loss Hillary Trump in November , the    presidential candidate largely stayed away from the limelight . But in recent weeks , Clinton has Clinton increasingly willing to speak out in public , even wading into politics . At a diversity conference hosted by the Professional BusinessWomen of California last week , Clinton took Clinton what she said Clinton " indignities , " " sexism " and " structural barriers " that women confront today .   One person Clinton singled Clinton in that speech : Sean Spicer . The White House press secretary had had a contentious     with American Urban Radio Networks correspondent and CNN political analyst April Ryan , culminating in a condescending request for Ryan to " please stop shaking your head . " " She was patronized and cut off as she tried She ask a question , " Clinton said Clinton Spicer ’s Sean Spicer to Ryan . Ryan after the California appearance , Clinton delivered Clinton criticism of the Trump administration . In remarks at Georgetown University , she blasted Clinton President ’s budget blueprint , which proposed deep domestic spending cuts and reductions in foreign aid . While Clinton ’s Clinton associates are inclined to reject speculation of the former candidate ’s interest in pursuing public office again , rumors have continued to swirl nonetheless . Local media have floated her name Clinton a possible New York City mayoral candidate . Clinton aides Clinton that she is Clinton mulling over what she would Clinton to do in the coming years , and has been reaching out to friends , donors and other associates to keep the lines of communication open . Asked if she would Clinton run for office again , Clinton said Clinton than once that she is Clinton on finding " interesting things " to do with her life Clinton without outright rejecting the suggestion of another political campaign . " I am looking at doing interesting things . I do n’t think that will ever include running for office again , " Clinton said Clinton " I have no plans . I have no plans at all other than trying to find some interesting things to do . " 
 