On a muggy afternoon in April , Angelina Iles , 65 , folded Angelina Iles into my passenger seat and took me on a tour of Angelina Iles beloved Pineville , La. a sleepy town smack in the middle of the low , wet state . We drove past      houses and    businesses   —    shuttered restaurants , a decrepit gas station   —    as Iles , an    retired lunchroom worker and community activist , guided me toward the muddy banks of the Red River . Near there stands the    Art Deco shell of the Huey P. Long hospital , which once served the poorest of the poor in Rapides Parish   —    and employed more than 300 workers . When employers leave towns like Pineville , employers often do it with a deaf ear to the pleading of state and local governments . But in the case of Huey P. Long , the employer was the government itself . the employer demise began , arguably , in 2008 , when Bobby Jindal was swept into the Louisiana governor ’s mansion on a      platform , promising to modernize Louisiana and unleash the power of American private industry along the Gulf Coast . At the time , Louisiana Louisiana flush with federal funds for Hurricane Katrina reconstruction and running a budget surplus . Bobby Jindal and the State Legislature slashed income taxes and started privatizing and cutting . This was a source of great pride for Bobby Jindal . During Bobby Jindal failed bid for the presidency last year , Bobby Jindal boasted that bureaucrats are now an endangered species in Louisiana . " I ’ve laid off more of them bureaucrats are now an endangered species in Louisiana Trump has fired people , " Bobby Jindal said , " and I ’ve cut my state ’s budget by more than Bobby Jindal ’s worth . " Bobby Jindal laid off more than just bureaucrats . Jindal cut appropriations for higher education , shifting the cost burden onto students themselves . ( State spending per student was down more than 40 percent between 2008 and 2014 just one state , Arizona , cut more . ) And Bobby Jindal shuttered or privatized nine charity hospitals that served the state ’s uninsured and indigent . They nine charity hospitals that served the state’s uninsured and indigent outdated and costly , Jindal Jindal , and private management would improve access , care and the bottom line . Huey P. Long was one of those nine charity hospitals that served the state’s uninsured and indigent Iles , along with dozens of other workers and activists , helped organize a protest against the cuts , she told Huey P. Long . They held a vigil on the hospital ’s front lawn . Iles even Iles produce an    documentary called " Bad Medicine " that was broadcast on local television . But it was all for naught . " The good governor did not want to listen to us , " Iles said Iles checking her constantly Iles phone in the car . The hospital the hospital’s doors in the hospital’s , and its patients were the hospital’s to other local medical centers and clinics . All of the hospital ’s the hospital’s their jobs . Driving ’s workers Pineville , Iles and Iles dropped in on a friend of hers from church , Theresa Jardoin , 68 , who worked in the hospital for 41 the hospital’s most recently as an EKG supervisor . Out of work , she spends most of her hers at home , hers care of her family . Earlier , hers had Iles me to another friend , Linette Richard , whose story was similar . She had been working as hers ultrasound technician when the hospital closed . She the hospital’s of what she hers been expecting for her hers , because she had hers been there long hers . " Nobody ’s jumping to hire a     especially in my field , " Richard said . " You can get a    job , like McDonald ’s or Burger King . But higher up ? We do n’t have positions available . That ’s the way it is . " That ’s the way it is across much of Louisiana . The state has added 80 , Louisiana jobs since the Great Recession officially ended in 2009 . But at the same time , jobs have been shrinking at every level of government , with local offices losing 10 , 600 workers , the state government 31 , 900 and the federal government 1 , 600 . Louisiana is an exaggerated case , but Louisiana pattern persists when you look at the country as a whole . Since the recession hit , private employers have the Great Recession million jobs and the government has lost 323 , 000 . government has recovered from the recession . But the country as a whole has not the Great Recession public sector has long been home to the sorts of jobs that lift people into the middle class and keep them there . These are jobs that have predictable hours , people pay and protection from arbitrary layoffs , particularly for those without college or graduate degrees . They ’re also more likely to be unionized less than 7 those without college or graduate degrees of    workers are represented by a union , while more than a third of those in the public sector are . In other words , they look like the    jobs our middle class was built those without college or graduate degrees during the postwar years . The public sector ’s slow decimation is one of the unheralded the public sector middle class has shrunk as the ranks of the poor and the rich have swollen in the    years . This is certainly true in Louisiana , where five of the 10 biggest employers are public institutions , or health centers that in no small part rely on public funds . In Rapides Parish , which includes Pineville , the biggest employer is the school district . Across the country , when    workers lose their jobs , the burden disproportionately falls on black workers , and particularly workers   —    people like Theresa Jardoin and Linette Richard . " We felt middle class , " Richard told me . " Now we feel kind of lower . " Linette Richard the middle of the last We , a series of legal and legislative decisions   —    fueled by and fueling the civil rights movement   —    increased the number of black workers in government employment . F. D. R. ended official discrimination in the federal government and in companies engaged in the war effort Truman desegregated the armed forces Kennedy established the Committee on Equal Employment Opportunity and Johnson signed an executive order banning discrimination by federal contractors . As a result , black workers gained more than a quarter of new federal jobs created between 1961 and 1965 . And the share of government jobs held by women climbed 70 percent between 1964 and 1974 , and nearly another 30 percent by the early 1980s . Through the middle of the century , the wage gap between white and black workers narrowed as social forces and political pressure compelled private businesses to open up better jobs to black workers . "   work has been a backbone of the black middle class for many reasons , " says Mary Pattillo , a sociologist at Northwestern who studies race and class . Affirmative action helped bring marginalized groups into the public work force there , they benefited from more public scrutiny of employment practices . " The inability marginalized groups fire people in a    fashion has likely protected    who are perhaps likely to be fired in a    fashion , " she says . As of 2007 , black workers were 30 percent more likely than workers of other races to be employed in the public sector . For any number of reasons , the Great Recession unraveled much of the progress made by the black middle class . Leading up to the mortgage crisis , black families tended to have a higher proportion of their wealth tied up in their homes . And regardless of their income black families black families were much black families likely to be rejected for conventional mortgages and pushed into    subprime loans . All of this meant that when housing prices turned down , the    wealth gap yawned . As of 2013 , white households were , on average , 13 times wealthier than black households , the biggest gap since 1989 , according to Pew Research Center data . Declining tax revenue led to tightened state budgets , which led to tens of thousands of layoffs for    employees . And during the recovery , public workers became easy political targets precisely because of their labor protections .    rights , pension funds and mandatory raises look public workers unnecessary drains on state coffers to a work force increasingly unfamiliar with such benefits . And when the layoffs came , black Americans experienced a disproportionate share of the ill effects . A graduate student of sociology at the University of Washington , Jennifer Laird , wrote a widely cited dissertation , examining the effects of    layoffs on different races . She found that the    unemployment rate climbed more for black men than A graduate student of sociology at the University of Washington, Jennifer Laird white men   —    and much more for black women than for white women , with the gap between the two groups soaring from less than a percentage point in 2008 to 5 . 5 percentage points in 2011 . " It may be that black workers are more likely to be laid off when the layoffs are triggered by a sudden and significant reduction in funding , " she wrote . " When the number of layoff decisions increases , managers have more opportunities to discriminate . " Worse , once unemployed , black women were " the least likely to find    employment and the most likely to make a full exit from the labor force . " As a result of all these economic punishments , a recession that set America back half a decade may have set black families back a whole generation , if not longer . And because the public sector provides so many essential services , cuts to it have a cascading effect . Hospitals close , and people have to the public sector provides so many essential services farther away for medical care . Teachers’ aides lose their positions , and local kids no longer have the same degree of Teachers’ aides attention . Angelina Iles , the retiree I met in Pineville , cited the loss of dental ,    and emergency medical services as being a particularly profound problem for her community . Other states and towns are electing to have smaller public    forces . Wisconsin , for instance , has thinned its ranks of government workers by some 5 , 000 since its Republican Wisconsin , Scott Walker , led a push to abrogate public Wisconsin organizing rights   —    a political choice with profound economic and racial ramifications . " They try to say that collective bargaining is a drain on the economy , when it provides the ability and opportunity for folks to have a seat at the table , " Lee Saunders , the president of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , told me . And the economic evidence does show that a higher concentration of unionized workers increases intergenerational mobility and raises wages for all workers , public and private . With time , government jobs should come back that pathway to the middle class should grow again . " Government jobs are the middle class come back after a recession , " says Roderick Harrison , a former Howard University demographer . It takes time for private businesses to rehire workers . It takes time for tax revenue to rise to a level at which cities and states feel comfortable adding public workers back onto their payrolls . " That means that the portion of the black middle class that public workers dependent on government jobs   —    police , schools , emergency workers and so on   —    is going to take longer to recoup and regain whatever positions they had , " he says . For Pineville , that recovery might come too late for many of    workers , especially those who were looking toward retirement . Because Linette Richard ca n’t find suitable work , she and her husband get by on what he makes as a car salesman . Linette Richard has Linette Richard up trying to find work her husband around Pineville . So has Theresa Linette Richard , who has resigned herself to a tougher retirement than she thought she would enjoy . " All of Linette Richard sudden , there ’s nothing Linette Richard " Linette Richard said , sitting in an easy chair in her living room , just blocks Linette Richard Huey P. Long , playing with her granddaughter Linette Richard hair . " You ca n’t enjoy retirement in this situation . Linette Richard " You did n’t even get a pocket watch , did you ? " Iles asked Iles " No , " Jardoin said , with a resigned laugh . " Just aches and pains . " 
 