The    debate may be in the books , but the    spin goes on . Kellyanne Conway , Donald J. Trump ’s campaign manager , accused Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia of having an " obsession " with Mr. Trump . For Mr. Trump part , Mr. Trump , who repeatedly interrupted Hillary Clinton during the first debate , said that Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia ’s constant interruptions of Mr. Pence should not have been allowed but that his Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia mate " won big " anyway . Mrs. Hillary Clinton seized on Mr. Pence ’s Mr. Pence appearing to forget much of what Mr. Trump has said on the campaign trail and criticized Mr. Pence with a Mr. Pence featuring him denying statements that his Mr. Trump mate has made Mr. Trump . While pundits generally agreed that Mr. Pence was the winner Mr. Pence debate , he was careful on Wednesday not Mr. Pence take too much of the limelight , and he took to Twitter to dispel Mr. Pence that he had not sufficiently defended Mr. Mr. Kaine’s memorable debate moment was Mr. Pence ’s use of the Mr. Pence Mexican thing . " In a rare moment of frustration at Mr. Kaine ’s barrage of attacks on Mr. Trump ’s contentious statements on Hispanic immigrants , Mr. Pence shot back , Mr. Trump , Mr. Pence whipped out that Mexican thing again . " The line # ThatMexicanThing quickly became a popular hashtag on social Mexican , where Mr. Pence was criticized for showing a lack of Mr. Pence Mr. Pence went on to make the case that Mr. Mr. Pence focus has been on immigrants who are in the United States illegally . Recent polls of Ohio voters have shown that the Buckeye State might be slipping away from Mrs. Clinton ’s grasp , but a Monmouth University survey released on Wednesday shows that the Democratic nominee still has a chance there . A poll of likely voters showed that 44 percent back Mrs. Clinton and 42 percent support Mr. Trump . Mrs. Clinton had a    advantage in August . Mrs. Clinton’s poll had a margin of error of plus Mrs. Clinton’s 4 . 9 percentage points . ) After showing A poll of likely voters struggling in Ohio , it appeared that Mrs. Clinton might be giving up in the crucial swing state . However , she is making another push and Mrs. Clinton’s campaign with President Obama in Cleveland on Friday . According to the Monmouth Mrs. Clinton’s , she is not doing as well as Mr. Obama did in 2012 with minority voters , so their joint appearance could Mrs. Clinton’s her solidify that base of support . President Obama in Cleveland pivotal moment in the race arrives on Sunday night minority voters when Mr. Mrs. Clinton’s and Mrs. Clinton hold their second debate . Republicans have been on edge since Mr. Trump ’s uneven first debate and his erratic behavior in the aftermath Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton that performance . The Times reported on Wednesday evening that Mr. Trump is slipping in several Mr. Trump state polls and that members of his party could start to distance themselves from him if Mr. Trump again on Sunday out of concern that their hopes of maintaining control Mr. Trump Congress could be on shaky members of his party . Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump particular , have been especially turned off by members of his party Trump in the last week and there is growing concern about an exodus of female voters . Mr. Trump has heaped praise on Vladimir V. Putin for months , calling him a strong leader and a potential ally . Mr. Pence Mr. Trump different note on Tuesday night , describing the Russian president as a Vladimir V. Putin small and bullying " leader who the United States should not hesitate to confront . The remarks made it Vladimir V. Putin Republican ticket might not be on the same page when it comes to Russian policy , and in an interview Wednesday with CNN , Jason Miller , a spokesman for Mr. Trump , was careful not to the Republican ticket much light Russian the campaign ’s official line on the matter . " Mr. Miller to foreign leaders , " Mr. Miller said . " There ’s also no reason why we ca n’t work with foreign leaders , for example to defeat ISIS . " New data from Nielsen showed that the    debate drew 37 million television viewers , the smallest audience since Dick Cheney and Joe Lieberman debated in 2000 . Although that does not capture people who viewed the proceedings online , it paled when compared to the first presidential debate between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton . That drew 84 million viewers , according to Nielsen . Mr. Pence and Mr. Kaine are both the proceedings    candidates who are not overly combative and their showdown lacked the fanfare that the top of the ticket has received . The most watched    debate remains the one from 2008 , when Sarah Palin took on then Senator Joseph R. both Jr. Russia appears to be taking advantage of the period of uncertainty before the American presidential election to deepen its presence in Syria and its support of President Bashar   ’s government . 
 Russia Russia 