Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is accusing Donald Trump of treasonous behavior , because Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s specified that radial Islam is responsible for the surge of terrorist acts around the world . [ " The language that Donald Trump of treasonous behavior has used is giving aid and comfort to our adversaries , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said , citing an article by former head of the counter terrorist center Mike Olsen citing Trump Donald Trump of treasonous behavior tough rhetoric as fueling Islamic state recruitment . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton described Trump Donald Trump of treasonous behavior a " recruiting sergeant " for ISIS .   Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton made Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton remarks on the airport tarmac prior to leaving for an event directed at millennials in Philadelphia , speaking out about the terrorist attacks in New York City before President Barack Obama addressed the nation . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton criticized Trump Donald Trump of treasonous behavior " irresponsible reckless rhetoric , " because he repeatedly refers to radical Islam as responsible for the the terrorist attacks in New York City " They are looking to make this into a war against Islam    …      they want They use that to recruit more fighters to their cause They turning this into a religious conflict , " Clinton said , referring to ISIS . She repeated Clinton in her administration Clinton she would Clinton go after terrorists , not the Muslim religion . " We ’re going after the bad guys and we ’re We to get them but the bad guys ’re We going to go after an entire religion , and give ISIS exactly ISIS its wanting ISIS order for them to the bad guys their position the bad guys " she said Clinton She cited Clinton experience Clinton the Obama administration as proof that she was Clinton candidate best suited to fight terrorism . " I have sat at that table in the situation , I ’ve analyzed the threats , I have contributed to actions that have neutralized our enemies , " she said Clinton Trump responded to the attacks by calling for American to " change the playbook " to fight radical Islamic terrorism , something that Clinton described as " demagogic . " " Well , it ’s like so much else he says Trump it ’s it grounded in fact . it ’s it to make some kind of demagogic point , " she said Clinton Clinton admitted Clinton the United States still had " challenges " in the fight against terrorists , calling for a government sponsored " intelligence surge " to fight terrorism , stronger visa scrutiny and for Silicon Valley tech companies to combat ISIS online . 
 