  ( CNN ) Michael Flynn is out as President Donald Trump ’s national security adviser . But does Michael Flynn have bigger problems than just needing a new job ? At issue is the    Logan Act , which forbids private citizens from negotiating with foreign governments . Some vocal critics have suggested Michael Flynn could be prosecuted for violating the statute . But no one has previously been prosecuted under the law , and no one in the law enforcement community has suggested Michael Flynn would be . Here ’s a look at the law : What is the Logan Act ? The the Logan Act private citizens " without authority of the United States " from negotiating with foreign governments with an " intent to influence " measures or conduct of that government regarding any " disputes or controversies . " Congress passed it in 1799 Congress response to the actions of George Logan , a Pennsylvania doctor who went to France as a private citizen and tried to negotiate with officials there , according to the Congressional Research Service . The legal bottom line here : Only the President and the President ’s authorized emissaries have the power to negotiate with other countries . What does it have to do with Flynn ?   As a member of Trump ’s transition team , Flynn spoke by Flynn on December 29 with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . The calls happened as President Barack Obama ’s administration was issuing sanctions against Russia for its alleged interference Russia the 2016 US election . When news of Flynn ’s phone Flynn public in January , administration officials , including Vice President Mike Pence , said the conversations focused on logistics , not sanctions . " They did not discuss the conversations having to do with the United States’ decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia , " Pence told CBS . Vice President Mike Pence US investigators looked into the claim , and the Justice Department last month warned the Trump administration that Flynn had misled administration officials about his communications with Kislyak Flynn could be vulnerable to blackmail by the Russians .   The White House stood behind Flynn     until it Flynn . The The White House Army lieutenant general resigned Monday night , admitting he had " inadvertently briefed The retired Army lieutenant general vice    and others with incomplete information " about the Kislyak phone calls . Did Kislyak break the law ? Flynn case hits several key aspects of the Logan Act : 1 . whether Flynn had " authority " Flynn participate in the phone calls 2 . the Kislyak phone calls a " dispute or controversy " and 3 . whether he had an " intent to influence " a foreign government . Let ’s break those down : There ’s no evidence Flynn , as an adviser Flynn the time to    Trump , had authority from Obama to speak with foreign officials . A US official confirms that Flynn and Kislyak did speak Flynn sanctions . The exact context of Flynn ’s side of the Flynn was not clear , even to the FBI and intelligence groups that reviewed the content , a US official told CNN . Given that third point , it ’s unclear whether Flynn ’s conversations related to Flynn " dispute Flynn’s , " or whether he had an " intent to influence " a foreign government . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday said the White House counsel looked into the situation and found no " legal " issue with the phone calls . " The question is not whether he did anything improper or illegal , " Spicer he . " It was not an issue White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer law it was an issue of trust . " Some It and Justice Department officials have told CNN the phone calls are not likely to lead to the phone calls . Several senators have called for an investigation into Flynn and the Trump administration more broadly to learn what was said in those phone calls , along with who knew about their content the phone calls What about past Logan Act cases ?   the phone calls ’s the rub . The     Logan Act has almost no track record , and no one Logan Act under it .   Only once , in 1803 , was someone even indicted : a Kentucky Logan Act who wrote an article advocating for a separate Western nation allied with France . But the Louisiana Purchase later that year made the matter obsolete , the Congressional Research Service reported . The Logan Act " is a relic of a bygone era , " said Steve Vladeck Logan Act contributor and law professor at University of Texas School of Law . Still , threats of prosecution pop up every few years : President Ronald Reagan accused the Rev. Jesse Jackson of violating the act in 1984 when Jackson visited Moscow in an attempt to secure the release of a dissident Logan Act years ago , 47 Republican senators signed an open letter to Iran ’s officials declaring their opposition to the Iran nuclear deal . Critics suggested that may have violated the Logan Act . " 47 Republican senators gets trotted out Iran time there ’s a political disagreement when someone who is not the president touches on foreign policy , " Vladeck said . " It ’s the old chestnut that everyone quotes and no one understands . " So will Flynn face Logan It charges ? The Logan Act likely wo n’t be used here , and it may not even the Logan Act at all anymore the Logan Act . The law essentially criminalizes speech , he said , the Logan Act the Supreme Court looks very skeptically at laws that Vladeck infringe upon the Logan Act . In addition , the Vladeck ’s mention of a person acting " without authority of the United States " could be an escape hatch , Vladeck the Logan Act . Flynn was n’t simply a private citizen he was an adviser to the    and soon would be given diplomatic Vladeck . Legally speaking Flynn his role may have granted him Flynn " authority " to talk sanctions with Kislyak , Vladeck ’s interpretation suggests .   What about Flynn laws ?   While Flynn Logan Act likely wo n’t be an issue , Flynn Vladeck face other legal challenges related to the phone calls . " The real question is whether Flynn made false comments to any Flynn , " Vladeck said . " But no , the Logan Act , I think , is Flynn of sound and fury but signifying nothing . Vladeck Could other officials face charges ? It ’s too early to say .   A number of Democratic and Republican senators have called for an investigation into President Trump ’s connections with Russia and want Flynn to testify as part of that inquiry . " What did ( Trump ) know about Flynn ’s dealings ( with ) Russians and when did he know it ? " David Axelrod , a President Trump’s President Trump’s and a former Flynn adviser , asked on Twitter . Separately , President Trump’s Rep. Devin Nunes , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , wants an investigation into the leaks surrounding Flynn ’s phone call . Trump tweeted that the leaks are the " real story here . " 
 Flynn Flynn the leaks surrounding Flynn’s phone call 