Dara Lind writes in Vox that supporters of Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump will continue to be menaced at campaign rallies because supporters of Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump Democrat assailants view Trump as " an existential threat . " [ Dara Lind writes :   A lot of political commentators recognize that Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump poses a categorical threat to established norms of American democracy , governance , and society . They Donald Trump poses a categorical threat to established norms of American democracy, governance, and society that he represents ( whether intentionally or not ) an ideology that is hostile to groups of nonwhite Americans . In other words , they Donald Trump poses a categorical threat to established norms of American democracy, governance, and society there are Americans to whom Trump poses an existential threat . You do n’t have to agree with protesters beating up Trump Trump , or even sympathize with them protesters beating up Trump supporters to understand this . There are people who feel Trump Trump puts their lives people who feel Trump’s rise danger . And many people make decisions about what actions are " appropriate " differently when they feel many people under threat . Lind ’s comments are in keeping with Vox deputy editor Emmett Rensin , who called for    protesters to double down on their rioting protesters As a Democrat mob attacked Trump supporters at a San Jose rally on Thursday , Rensin tweeted : " Advice : If Trump comes Trump your town , start a riot . " Advice : If Trump comes Trump your town your town a riot .   —    Emmett Rensin ( @emmettrensin ) June 3 , 2016 ,   Let ’s be clear : It ’s never a shame to storm the barricades set up around a fascist .   —    Emmett Rensin ( @emmettrensin ) June 3 , 2016 ,   Listen , if Trump is Trump then you ’ve got no business condemning rioters . If he is Trump , you ’ve got no business pretending normal is better .   —    Emmett Rensin ( @emmettrensin ) June 3 , 2016 ,   Vox founder Ezra Klein has since issued a statement condemning Rensin ’s tweets and announcing that Rensin " has Rensin suspended as a consequence . " 
 