This weekend the Washington Post reported that in December Jared Kushner , now presidential adviser ( and Donald Trump ’s    ) and former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn discussed with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak the possibility of creating a secret back channel between the countries . The two   —    who would become key figures in Donald Trump administration   —    did not initially acknowledge the conversations . Kushner was a private citizen at the time , not a US government official . Raising more questions about the nature of the communication , Kushner Kushner suggested that the conversations take place at Russian diplomatic facilities to remain outside the reach of US intelligence agencies , according to the Post report , which cited US officials briefed on intelligence reports . Trump officials will respond that there is nothing untoward about what happened . They Trump officials argue that Kushner Kushner attempting to create a secret back channel with an adversary to ease relations and to conduct constructive negotiations . The primary comparison they Trump officials well make is to Richard Nixon , who after the election of 1968 authorized advisers to create a secret back channel to the Soviet Union before his Kushner in January 1969 . To do so ,    Nixon relied on his   Nixon Robert Ellsworth and also Henry Kissinger to form contacts with Soviet Ambassador Anatoly Dobrynin and KGB intelligence officers . Nixon   Nixon said in his   Nixon address that " our lines of communication will be open " to signal how serious he   Nixon an ardent Cold Warrior , was about pursuing a new path . The reason that this comparison would be so attractive for Trump ’s administration to use is that the Nixon   Nixon channel produced huge results . At a moment of great tensions between the two    super powers , Kissinger , who would become Nixon ’s national security adviser , would use this secret channel after Nixon Nixon became President to conduct conversations that culminated in the historic SALT I nuclear arms agreement , a landmark moment in the policy of détente and the eventual end of the Cold War . But there is another , less favorable Nixon Nixon to what Kushner allegedly did . That is the Chennault Affair . In the middle of the presidential campaign against Vice President Hubert Humphrey , Anna Chennault , a Republican fundraiser , spoke with the South Vietnamese ambassador . In one conversation , Chennault suggested that the South Vietnamese should abandon the talks taking place with the Johnson administration so that they the South Vietnamese obtain a better deal under Richard Nixon , should he Richard Nixon elected . Nixon Richard Nixon concerned that Johnson Johnson on the cusp of a major breakthrough in the Paris peace talks that would bring an end to the war . The the Paris peace talks down . In his new biography of Nixon Richard Nixon John Farrell writes about a memo from Nixon Richard Nixon H. R. Haldeman saying : " Keep Anna Chennault working on " South Vietnam . " Any other way to monkey wrench it ? Anything RN can do ? " When President Johnson learned about the conversations , he was President Johnson . He told President Johnson Richard Russell , a senior Democrat from Georgia and mentor to LBJ , that " We have found that our friend We the Republican nominee , our California We , has been playing on the outskirts with our enemies We our friends We , he has been doing it through rather subterranean sources . " When he later he the story through surveillance , LBJ told LBJ Minority Leader Everett Dirksen that , " This is treason . " Dirksen responded Senate Minority Leader Everett Dirksen " I know . " Jared Kushner ’s interest in creating a back channel is not the problem . But the context is what makes the revelation so suspicious .   If it is true that Kushner considered Jared Kushner up a back channel , it would it is true that Kushner considered setting up a back channel come after Russia intervened to help the winner in the election , as multiple intelligence agencies have affirmed it did it is true that Kushner considered setting up a back channel The back channel discussion would have taken form under a    whose economic interests remain a mystery , including those in Russia . Russia is difficult to separate the idea that Kushner was Jared Kushner such     communication from a larger context in which numerous officials     in the Trump campaign , the transition team and administration     hid their contacts the transition team and administration     Russians . Add all that up and the Trump White House has very little credibility to defend itself by the Trump White House there is nothing worthy of concern . It may well be that the comparison to Nixon ’s successful Salt I back channel is apt . But if it turns out that Kushner ’s attempts are more akin to the Chennault affair , the news could be devastating to this administration .   The question now on the table for the special counsel , the FBI , and the congressional committees investigating    is whether this was a genuine diplomatic initiative or something else :   were there ongoing , secret conversations between the Russians , Jared Kushner and other Trump advisors , where the prospects of back channel communication and perhaps promises to ease economic sanctions , were proffered as some kind of payback for the Russians having helped Donald Trump win the election ? Or perhaps in exchange for something else ?   The truth is that we do n’t know right now and that is why the investigations must continue , unobstructed by the President . At the same time , we need to remain aware that the Russians the Russians leaking false information , as they did in the Russians campaign to such devastating effect , with the hope of creating chaos in American politics . 
 