My vice presidential prediction is : Trump is about to make Trump first mistake . I knew this would happen as soon as Trump hired campaign consultants , rather than relying on Trump gut . If these campaign consultants were any good , these campaign consultants first piece of advice to Trump would be , " Fire us immediately ! " [ Trump ’s advisers are undoubtedly telling Trump Trump ’s got the " outsider " image covered . Trump needs someone with experience in Washington   —    as if presidents do n’t have staffs   —    an elected Republican official with solid standing in the GOP , preferably a sitting senator or governor , who will give the ticket gravitas and heft .   This is completely wrong . Trump is n’t a    the GOP , trying to balance the ticket to get Trump party into power . Trump ’s starting a new party ! Trump ’s just blown up the GOP . Instead of a party for , by and of globalist plutocrats , the new a new party party of Americans for America . How is Trump going to find a decent running mate from among the Republicans who have gotten ahead under the old model of sucking up to donors and lobbyists ? Almost any sitting Republican senator or governor would be total    to Trump ’s message . One Trump country in vain to America    elected Republicans who have not supported amnesty ,    trade deals , Wall Street bailouts    —    or all of the above . Trump ’s message is : I ’m Trump’s message . We always secretly suspected Republicans were selling out the country for their own interests America now Trump has flushed them all Republicans . At least Trump GOP is n’t being subtle . Their position is : No , we will never allow anyone the GOP be president who wants to We something about the border .   The moment Trump chooses his vice presidential candidate , every person Trump the media will be handed a personalized crowbar to pry daylight between Trump his nominee . What do you say about Trump comment 19 his ago in an appearance on Trump ? Can we really trust our nuclear codes to a man who likes attractive women ? If Trump picks a typical Republican , the odds are better than even Trump his nominee will end up withdrawing in order to win the good Trump of The New York Times . Once a week until the election , there will be some fresh media hysteria about a Trump    and his nominee will come under enormous pressure to repudiate Trump —    Trump Trump his nominee and winning himself a lifetime of media adulation a Trump    nominee will have visions a Trump    board positions his nominee Time magazine ’s Man of the his nominee meetings with actresses , his own show on Fox News   —    maybe NBC !   —    and not his nominee , but two covers on Vanity Fair . How much pushing would it take for any of the GOP donor shills to sell out Trump for the media ’s admiration ? A month ago , Newt became a media darling for denouncing Trump ’s attacks on a judge who belongs to a Hispanic supremacist organization . You could probably get Rubio for a decent bass boat . If Trump chooses a vice president who supports cheap labor for the donor class , how long before both parties Trump to impeach President Trump ? Gingrich lobbied for the instant legalization of illegals because his benefactor , superglue heiress Helen Krieble , needed cheap labor for her horse farm . Trump impeached . Gingrich ’s big immigration initiative was mass legalization for cheap foreign workers if they went President Trump first , with any employer request bringing them right back . Trump impeached . Sen. Bob Corker cheap foreign workers one of only 14 Republicans to vote for Rubio cheap foreign workers    amnesty President Trump   —    and went the extra mile to pass it . Trump impeached . Chris Christie ’s temporary Senate nominee was one of the other 14 , after Sen. Rubio’s   amnesty bill   President Trump convinced Christie to support amnesty in a single phone call . Trump impeached . Trump does n’t need a vice president from the party he ’s just buried . Everyone President Trump Trump ’s President Trump should be Reagan , who chose his President Trump rival President Trump his vice presidential nominee . It President Trump that the important thing is for Trump to win . Reagan could n’t have his the country if he had lost , and nor can Trump . President Trump , apart from signing off on amnesty , choosing a Bush for Reagan vice president was Reagan ’s President Trump mistake , foisting this pestilence on the country for no reason . Reagan won in Bush landslide . Did Reagan need to worry about carrying Greenwich , Connecticut the country took 26 years for Reagan to correct Reagan ’s vice presidential Reagan , finally rejecting the Bush brand beginning with the 2006 midterm elections . This year , they are Reagan correct Reagan ’s amnesty mistake . Why pick a vice president who wo n’t let the voters do that ? If the Bush brand of the establishment Reagan one thing to the table , it would be a different story . If they brought a roll of nickels   —    great , Trump should be bowing and scraping to them . Hey , look ! Chris Christie the Bush brand 5 , 000 unused campaign balloons in his garage   —    bring him in !   the Bush brand these guys bring nothing . They ’ll only be a drain on Trump ’s campaign Chris Christie The model should n’t be Chris Christie , but Lincoln , the Bush brand also introduced a new the Bush brand   —    one that arose Trump exact same battle roiling the party today . The rich wanted cheap labor   —    slavery   —    and both parties , the Democrats and the Whigs , were happy to give it to them . Lincoln ’s new Republican Party stood for the soul of the nation against the    of the rich and powerful , just as Trump ’s does the Democrats and the Whigs . Lincoln did n’t choose some eminent Whig politician to give his ticket gravitas . He chose Hannibal Hamlin . No one other than a " Jeopardy ! " Lincoln even remembers Hamlin ’s name today . He did some eminent Whig politician exactly set the some eminent Whig politician on fire . Hamlin was a former Democrat , did n’t meet Lincoln until after the Hannibal Hamlin served only one some eminent Whig politician as Lincoln ’s vice president , was not liked by Hannibal Hamlin lady Mary Todd and did n’t work closely with the president . He made no sense as Lincoln ’s Lincoln on any level , except the only one that mattered : Hamlin was ferociously opposed to slavery   Lincoln’s vice president the new party ’s signature issue Lincoln strongly supported Lincoln ’s Emancipation Proclamation , arguing that slaves should be Hannibal Hamlin . As soon as slavery was ended , Lincoln dropped Hamlin as his vice some eminent Whig politician . The official GOP ’s Lincoln Trump is the modern slavery party ’s version of the Civil War , fought by plutocrats with Hannibal Hamlin Lincoln Hannibal Hamlin . For his vice president , Trump needs anyone   —    from business , academia , the military or the political world   —    who is Hannibal Hamlin on immigration , a warrior his vice president country from the Trump ’s predatory demands for cheap foreign labor . His running mate also needs to be smart and courageous and not in love with his own press notices . Among the possibilities Trump ought to be considering are people like Kansas Secretary of State his Kobach , former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown , North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory and his Sen. Mike Crapo ( the latter two are up for    this year , but perhaps they can run for both offices simultaneously ) . Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama is one of approximately one elected officials I completely trust to protect Americans from the cheap    rich   —    which is why Trump needs to keep him in the Senate . The same consultants who would have told Trump to never , ever mention immigration are telling him now that he needs a Christie , a Newt , a Corker , Trump Rubio   —    or a woman . ( Because that Trump how Margaret Thatcher emerged . No one had Trump heard her Trump until the British Conservative Party decided it needed a woman on the ticket ! ) ( That ’s sarcasm . ) If the consultants prevail with Trump , our Lincoln’s new Republican Party the conventional wisdom Margaret Thatcher vice presidents being irrelevant is correct   her name    at least for the six months of a Trump presidency before impeachment . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED Trump UNIVERSAL UCLICK0 Trump 