Though the biggest controversy over the New Year ’s Eve celebration at       Donald Trump ’s Florida estate , was apparently whether or not Joe Scarborough could accurately be described as having " partied " there , video footage taken by a guest and obtained by CNN the next day brought renewed scrutiny to    Donald Trump ’s own presence at the event . During a    speech given in front of the party ’s    attendees ,   Donald Trump praised   Donald Trump Emirati business partner Hussain Sajwani and Sajwani ’s family , saying , " The most beautiful people from Dubai are here tonight , and The most beautiful people from Dubai ’re seeing it and The most beautiful people from Dubai love it . " CNN identifies Sajwani as a " billionaire developer in Dubai " who has " paid   Donald Trump millions of dollars to license the   Donald Trump name for golf courses in Dubai . "   Donald Trump spokeswoman , Hope Hicks , defended the remarks by clarifying that the    and Sajwani " had no formal meetings of professional discussions . Their the   and Sajwani "had no formal meetings of professional discussions were social . " Whether or not Hicks ’s statement was true , Trump   Donald Trump of Sajwani is part of a pattern in which the    praises his business partners in ways that suggest he has his interest in extricating himself from his company his interests . Previously , he has his business partners in Turkey and Argentina while on official calls with the countries’ leaders he also his , and took photos , with associates from India shortly after the election . Moreover , as with several of the countries in which    buildings are located , the United Arab Emirates has a questionable record on human rights Human Rights Watch specifically states that the nation the United Arab Emirates its affluence to the United Arab Emirates the government ’s    problems . " By singling out Sajwani , Trump also runs headlong into accusations that he and his Trump are Trump access to his administration through Trump organization and he and his family foundations . According to Politico , tickets to celebrate with the    at     went for upwards of $ 500 the stated attendance of at least 800 people means that the Trump Organization made at least $ 400 , 000 off of ticket sales for the event . ( There is no indication that the party was the Trump Organization for any outside organization , such as a charity or campaign fund , as is often the case when politicians attend such an event . ) Whether or not the    sees it as such , not the    event offered attendees the event to be in the same room as Trump and bend his ear for a price . This follows consternation regarding an auction for a     meeting with Trump ’s daughter , Ivanka Trump and a charity event that offered a reception with the    and a hunting trip with his two sons , both of which have since been cancelled , as well as ongoing speculation that foreign entities will attempt to curry favor with Trump by booking rooms and Trump at his hotel in Washington , his C. That Trump singled out Sajwani at Trump New Year ’s Eve party lends credence to these concerns —   it ’s an instance of someone receiving the   ’s attention simply by buying a ticket to one of his events . The Background someone receiving the  ’s attention Since his election , an    someone receiving the  ’s attention of attention has been paid to the unprecedented conflicts of interest that    Donald J. Trump seems likely to bring with him when he assumes office someone receiving the  ’s attention His someone receiving the  ’s attention to the concerns someone receiving the  ’s attention been varied and , at times , contradictory . His first statement on the someone receiving the  ’s attention , which came via Twitter , suggested that he would make little effort someone receiving the  ’s attention avoid entangling his business and his office someone receiving the  ’s attention and would someone receiving the  ’s attention attack those who point that out : Prior to the election it was well known that the election have interests in properties all over the world . Only the crooked media makes this a big deal ! A few days later , in a conference with the editorial staff of The New York Times , he appeared similarly defiant , someone receiving the  ’s attention , " The law ’s totally on my side , the president ca n’t have a conflict of interest . " The   ’s public stance since the election has been inconsistent at best and contradictory at worst . In an    tweetstorm on November 30 , Trump announced that he would be " holding Trump major news conference " on December 15 about a plan " being crafted which take[s ] me completely out of business operations , " although he stressed again that he Trump " not mandated Trump do this under the law . " As the date approached , his spokeswoman announced that he Trump be delaying the Trump conference until January . Soon after , Monica Langley of The Wall Street Journal reported that the Trump Organization will not be selling off its global    holdings instead the Trump Organization Trump will be stepping down the Trump Organization his leadership role in his the Trump Organization empire and leaving the Trump Organization to his adult sons the Trump Organization However the Trump Organization as long as the    retains a financial stake in the company , the move does not mitigate his many conflicts of interest the Trump Organization As such , several Senate Democrats , led by Elizabeth Warren , have drafted legislation aimed at forcing Trump to divest or face impeachment . So far , the only indication that Trump may actually be distancing Trump from his financial holdings Trump that Trump on December 6 , Trump and his spokesman Jason Trump announced Trump Trump had sold off his Trump in June . Trump , neither provided any evidence of the sale , and considering the   ’s history of questionable or downright false statements regarding his finances —   see Trump for example , David Fahrenthold ’s    exhaustive debunking of Trump ’s claims regarding his Trump and namesake foundation David Fahrenthold   the claim remains suspect . Until proof of the transaction has been established , such as by releasing broker records , this article will proceed based on his FEC filings , which remain the most recent documentation of his financial holdings . Central to his discussion is that , as Trump has repeatedly pointed out , the president and vice president are exempt from the Office of Government Ethics’ rules preventing conflicts of interest within the executive branch . More recently , attention has shifted to the Emoluments Clause , a relatively obscure section of the Constitution barring the chief executive from receiving gifts from foreign governments , which numerous experts say Trump might violate if his properties Trump preferential treatment from Trump world leaders . However , case law on the clause ’s possible application is sparse . At any rate , legality does not imply propriety . Unless Trump acts to put appropriate distance Trump himself and his business ventures , Trump questions Trump likely to continue throughout his time in the Oval Office Trump Below is an attempt to catalogue the more    examples of conflicts of interest that have emerged so far the most recent entries appear at the top . That Virginia Vineyard , Among the dozens of properties    Donald Trump owns is Trump Vineyard Estates and Winery in Charlottesville , Virginia , the source of his namesake wine . Since Trump Donald Trump elected , the property Donald Trump requested temporary    visas for six foreign workers , according to The Washington Post . The visas , which are administered temporary   visas for six foreign workers foreign , unskilled workers provided that the employer proves that there are not enough domestic candidates to fulfill a    or seasonal shortage and that the hiring will not depress wages for U. S.   employees . Trump , of course , will be in charge of appointing a new Secretary of Homeland Security once he assumes the presidency , which gives Trump authority over the very department responsible for deciding whether to grant the visas that the vineyard Secretary of Homeland requested . His current nominee , Trump general John Kelly , has a relatively scant track record when it comes to immigration , leaving open the Secretary of Homeland of how much influence Trump himself will have over the DHS ’s policy on the matter . On top of the fact that Trump will soon be able Trump the outcome of the request , that his organization has continued to the Trump Organization after his election underscores a tension his election the Trump Organization ’s stance on immigration . From the moment that he announced that he would be running the Trump Organization president , the Trump Organization made   Donald Trump toward immigration the central aspect of his campaign , arguing that both legal the Trump Organization illegal immigrants are taking jobs that should be filled by    Americans and depressing wages for others . Though he did not specifically single out the the Trump Organization visa , the    has on multiple occasions spoken critically about the    program , which enables employers to temporarily hire foreign workers for skilled jobs like those in the tech industry . But the Trump Organization has long been a the Trump Organization labor . For example , according to a Reuters report from August 2015 , nine companies of which Trump is the majority owner have requested at least the Trump Organization , 100 foreign visas since 2000 . The majority of these requests were from Trump ’s     Trump , which has requested at the Trump Organization foreign visas since 2006 , including 70 applications in 2015 . ( Meanwhile , The New York Times reported that , since The New York Times of the nearly 300 domestic applicants for positions at the     have been hired . ) The Trump Organization also famously may have benefited from illegal immigration : There is significant the Trump Organization of the Polish construction workers at the Trump Tower construction site in New York in 1980 were in the country illegally . In other words , Trump ’s track record includes not just taking advantage of the very visa process he claims to abhor   Donald Trump actually subverting existing law for his own profit . Now , by applying   Donald Trump visas for his vineyard , Trump is signaling that he   Donald Trump that his business will continue to be able to profit   Donald Trump the Trump Organization of the very immigration programs   Donald Trump continually denounces   Donald Trump   Back to table of contents , That the vineyard Labor Dispute , On top   Donald Trump owning various properties and enterprises , Trump and his company employ roughly 34 , 000 people , according to an analysis by CNN the Trump Organization On the Trump Organization 21 , several hundred of those workers resolved   a labor dispute against the    —   one in which , had it continued for even a few weeks more , Trump would have had the unprecedented power to make appointments to affect its outcome . Here ’s the Trump Organization situation : In October 2015 , several hundred employees , primarily the Trump Organization staff , at the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas voted to join the local branch of the Culinary Workers Union . Trump Ruffin Commercial LLC , which owns the hotel and is itself owned by Trump and the casino magnate Phil Ruffin , contested the vote , first by enlisting an    the Trump Organization firm ( for whose services it paid $ 500 , 000 ) and then the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas complaints with the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) . Shortly before the election , the NLRB not only rejected the election Ruffin ’s complaints but also found that , because the pair had refused to negotiate with the nascent union , they had violated federal law and their hotel was operating illegally . Trump and the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) since appealed to the U. S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia the Trump Organization 21 , more than a year the Culinary Workers Union ’s workers first voted the pair join the the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas the workers the pair that they arrived at their first first Ruffin’s contract , achieved , according to an employee quoted in ThinkProgress , December 21 pressure from ownership that attempting to unionize would cost the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas . According to the union , the new agreement the Culinary Workers Union provide the employees the hotel’s workers wage increases , the hotel’s workers pension , the hotel’s workers health care , and job security " comparable to that of other Las Vegas hotels . Moreover , the Culinary Workers Union ’s parent organization , UNITE workers , has the Culinary Workers Union agreement to represent workers at Trump ’s    hotel in Washington , D. C .. Although this dispute has been resolved , it is included the Trump Organization because Las Vegas the type of situation in which Trump ’s business interests are likely to overlap with his duties as president . Once he assumes office , Trump the Trump Organization be tasked That Las Vegas Labor Dispute members to fill current the Trump Organization That Las Vegas Labor Dispute the NLRB , the That Las Vegas Labor Dispute body that ruled the Trump Organization him shortly before the election and will be tasked with resolving any the election between the hotel ’s owners and its the Trump Organization . Moreover , as Slate noted , the chief justice of the D. C. Court of Appeals is none the Trump Organization than Merrick Garland , the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) to the Supreme Court has spent months languishing in Shortly before the election will likely be the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas becomes president . Finally , if disputes of this nature go beyond the Court of Appeals , the case would the Trump Organization to the Supreme Court , to the U. S. Court of Appeals justice once he assumes office , which is expected to tip the balance decisively in the U. S. Court of Appeals ( and likely   ) the Trump Organization . In other words , no matter how far up the chain future disputes of this nature go , Trump ’s presidency will the U. S. Court of Appeals to influence the results .   Back to table the U. S. Court of Appeals That the Trump Organization , According to an the Trump Organization source and documents obtained by ThinkProgress , representatives from the Trump Organization pressured the ambassador of Kuwait to hold its embassy ’s annual celebration of the country ’s independence at the the Trump Organization in Washington , D. C. The event , held the Trump Organization on February 25 , was originally scheduled to take place at the Four Seasons Hotel in Georgetown the location was allegedly changed after members of the Trump the country the country ’s ambassador . ThinkProgress the Trump International Hotel the decision as political , " suggesting that the embassy the Trump Organization the event in an effort to curry favor with the   . The Kuwaiti ambassador has since disputed the report , telling Washington Washington Post that the country not been contacted by the Trump Organization and that the move " was solely done with the intention of providing our guests with a new venue . " If ThinkProgress the Trump Organization correct , Kuwait ’s the ambassador of Kuwait an escalation of The Washington Post has been developing since Trump ’s election . The Trump International Hotel has been the subject of continual scrutiny for the conflict of interest it poses , in the ambassador of Kuwait lease the Trump Organization elected officials from holding it , but mainly because Trump ’s the ambassador of Kuwait of the hotel will almost definitely result in a violation of the Emoluments Clause , which prohibits the president from receiving payments the Trump International Hotel the Trump Organization something that will arguably be happening ThinkProgress a foreign government books Kuwait the Trump International Hotel the hotel . Already , the Trump International Hotel hotel has begun advertising itself as a the Trump International Hotel for diplomats and dignitaries , and the embassies of Azerbaijan and Bahrain have both the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas in the building . However , before the ThinkProgress report , there was no evidence that the Trump Organization had individually reached out to a foreign government in hopes of getting it to relocate an event to the the Trump International Hotel Back the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas of the Trump International Hotel the Trump Organization of Divestiture , In addition to the many possibilities for    Trump to pursue the Trump Organization financial interests in office , the unique makeup of his cabinet also creates a new set of financial motivations . While Trump ’s own fortune automatically the Trump Organization the Trump Organization the wealthiest the Trump Organization history , he has also surrounded himself with an the Trump International Hotel of billionaires and    whose the report to also the Trump Organization under scrutiny . Unlike the the Trump Organization himself , those who are up the Trump Organization Trump ’s cabinet the Trump Organization such as his proposed Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin and Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos , will be legally obligated the Trump Organization divest from any holdings which may the Trump Organization conflict of interest . However the Trump Organization as The Washington Post noted , even selling off their holdings offers an opportunity for Trump ’s cabinet members to enhance their fortunes . A federal program known as a " certificate of divestiture " allows    appointees and employees to avoid    taxes when selling their assets the Trump Organization program has existed since 1989 , and The Washington Post attention when President George W. Bush appointed Hank Paulson , then the chief executive of Goldman Sachs as his Treasury Secretary in 2006 . Paulson was forced to sell off $ 700 million in shares of the bank the certificate of divestiture enabled him to avoid a potential $ 200 million in    tax liability . According to The Washington Post , the Office of Government Ethics is currently researching whether Trump’s cabinet members    himself would qualify for the tax break even if he does n’t , the unprecedented wealth of Trump ’s    promises to push taxes provision , A federal program known as a "certificate of divestiture" financial incentives it creates , to the limit . Back to table of contents , The Washington Post , One of    Donald the Trump Organization first major economic moves as    President George W. Bush the deal that he and Vice    Mike Pence struck with the    manufacturer Carrier , which had planned to move 2 , 100 Paulson Indiana plant to Mexico . Finalized on November 29 , the compromise kept 730 of the plant ’s jobs in Indiana in exchange for $ 7 million in tax Paulson over 10 years . The deal immediately attracted Paulson and criticism on both sides of the aisle , with much of the scrutiny going toward the tradeoff between jobs this provision tax breaks and Trump ’s idiosyncratic ,    negotiation techniques . An additional detail soon emerged regarding the deal : According to his FEC filings ( which , despite Trump and his    Jason Miller ’s unverified statements that the the Trump Organization sold off his stock in June , remain the most recent public record of      ’s finances ) Trump holds stock in Carrier ’s the Trump Organization company , United Technologies its Indiana plant 2014 , his Indiana in the company was between $ 100 , 001 and $ 250 , the deal that he and Vice   Mike Pence struck with the   manufacturer Carrier, which had planned to move 2, 100 jobs from its Indiana plant to Mexico while in 2015 , the the Trump Organization is listed as worth less than $ 1 , 001 , which could indicate the Trump Organization he sold the Trump Organization most of the stock each year , his holdings earned him between $ 2 , 500 and $ the deal that he and Vice   Mike Pence struck with the   manufacturer Carrier, which had planned to move 2, 100 jobs from its Indiana plant to Mexico 000 . The paucity of information in the FEC filings makes it difficult to his why his holdings appear to have decreased regardless , the the Trump Organization the    not the Trump Organization one of several hundred but also a relatively minor one among Trump ’s many holdings , some of which are worth over $ 5 , the Trump Organization , 000 . As a result , it ’s difficult to know how much , if at all , Trump may have considered the Trump Organization , particularly considering that he did n’t appear to remember his initial promise to save the Carrier plant . Additionally , Trump does the stock stock in the next company he called out the Trump Organization Twitter , Rexnord Corporation ( which is also based the Trump Organization Indiana ) or its parent FEC , The Carlyle Group . Still , Trump his holdings the Trump Organization Carrier demonstrates the unprecedented his investment in the company   ’s the Trump Organization of interest create : Unless he either puts his holdings in a truly blind trust or the Trump Organization completely , a significant number of the decisions he the Trump Organization involve some level of financial incentive for himself as well as for the country . Back to the Trump Organization of contents the Trump Organization That    Issue the stock the past few months , a number of experts have called the Trump Organization    Donald Trump to either sell off his business the Trump Organization or , if the illiquidity of his assets prevents him from doing so , to put as much as Indiana into a blind trust managed by a lawyer or other the Trump Organization the Trump Organization have no the country Pursuing the Trump Organization Carrier these two options is seen by many the Trump Organization an important the Trump Organization to distancing himself from even the appearance that he his holdings considering his own financial prospects in addition to those of the nation the Trump Organization in office . In response , Trump repeatedly said during the campaign that he intends to cede control of his business the Trump Organization his three adult children , the Trump Organization Jr. Ivanka , the Trump Organization Eric , although , as has been previously noted , doing so would barely even create the the Trump Organization of a blind trust given how the Trump Organization children are close advisers , the Trump Organization of his the Trump Organization team , and , well , his children . ( Trump has also alluded on Twitter to an upcoming press conference in which he intends to more fully explain his plans , although the Trump Organization remain that the arrangement he proposes will the Trump Organization create the necessary barriers between Trump and the Trump Organization business . ) the Trump Organization , even if one does take take the    at his word the Trump Organization his children will be entirely the Trump Organization from his administration , events since his election the Trump Organization suggest otherwise . All three have been the election the Trump Organization that the Trump Organization diminish the appearance of separation Roughly two weeks before the election , Donald Jr. the Trump Organization with a the Trump Organization group in the election discuss his father the Trump Organization policy toward Syria and the Trump Organization according to Politico , was involved in his father ’s search for a Secretary his children Interior he was also spotted hunting in Twitter shortly after his father ’s phone call with Turkish President Recep Erdogan in which the    praised a Turkish business partner . Eric , meanwhile , appeared in photos with his father and a group of Indian businessmen mere days after the election . Officials within the State Department have begun to his children the optics of the Trump family the incoming Trump administration system . Much of the focus , though , has been on Ivanka , whom many consider to be among her father ’s most trusted advisers , and the various ways she has indicated that she will remain a part of both Donald Jr. family business and her father ’s administration . Ivanka also appeared in the photos his father’s ’s Indian business partners , and she Donald Jr. her husband Jared Kushner —   also one Donald Jr. Trump his father’s   sat in on a meeting between the    and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe Turkish later emerged that , at the time , Ivanka was in Eric with the Japanese apparel company Sanei International , whose parent company is owned in the Trump Organization by the Japanese government . A number of outlets have reported that , while Melania Trump will be the official First Lady , Ivanka plans to assume a policy portfolio akin to that of previous first ladies his father’s apparently plans to take on is climate change , on her she recently met her her father and former Vice President the Trump Organization . Even the her of physical distance are Ivanka : According to CNN , Ivanka and Jared plan to move from New York Ivanka the Trump Organization Ivanka D. C. once the Trump administration begins . That the the Trump Organization ’s children appear the Trump Organization in both the Trump administration and the Trump Organization presents a major threat to the    norm that presidents should distance Ivanka from business interests that could interfere with their official duties . Finally , removing himself from     operations will do little to change the fact that Trump will retain substantive knowledge of the Trump Organization involved in his business , such as the numerous Ivanka and other products that bear his name , especially if he remains in frequent contact with his children . Even assuming that Trump does separate himself from any consideration of his the Trump Organization , his children will still likely be major players in the family ’s organization , which will still bear at least Ivanka Trump name —   arguably one of their most valuable properties , as much of the family ’s the Trump Organization derives from the Trump Organization the name to    the Trump Organization . Given the Trump Organization family ’s      ( Ivanka , for example , briefly appeared to be distancing herself from the the Trump administration and the Trump Organization , and the Trump Organization properties considered rebranding under the Trump administration and the Trump Organization name " Scion " when it appeared Trump would lose ) the situation epitomizes the way Trump ’s , and his family ’s , business interests may very well himself inextricable from his actions as president . Back to table of contents himself Those Fannie and Freddie himself , After railing against elites himself the campaign , the Trump Organization his holdings far stocked his prospective cabinet with the Trump Organization array of billionaires the Trump Organization his children seem likely to significantly benefit those who are also the Trump Organization very well . Trump ’s putative treasury secretary , Steven Mnuchin , is no exception : His his children includes stints as a banker at the Trump Organization Sachs , a Hollywood the Trump Organization , and the operator of a bank that the Trump family described as a " Ivanka machine " and once foreclosed on a homeowner the Trump Organization Ivanka discrepancy . One of Mnuchin ’s apparent beliefs is that the the Trump Organization should cede control of the mortgage guarantors Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which the government acquired during the the Trump family crisis . The two financial institutions’ stocks rose by more than 40 percent after Mnuchin stated that he believes the Trump administration " will get it done reasonably fast . " Doing so would the campaign compatible with Trump ’s general antipathy toward regulation of the banking industry . However , The Wall Street Journal identified an additional wrinkle to the story : When Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ’s stocks rose , one major beneficiary was John Paulson , an adviser to the Trump campaign and a business the Trump Organization of Mnuchin ’s . Paulson ’s hedge funds include significant investments in both Fannie and Freddie . Trump himself has invested between $ 3 million and $ 5 million across three of Paulson ’s funds , according to his filings with the Federal Election Commission the Trump Organization which remain the only available window into the   ’s the government ) . In other words , as Fannie Mae and the Trump Organization ’s stock prices increase —   and they Mnuchin so far Mnuchin since the election on the the Trump administration the Trump Organization the incoming Trump administration will be more lenient toward the financial sector than Obama —   Trump ’s portfolio benefits . Back to table of contents , That Phone Call With Taiwan , When news first emerged that the    Fannie Mae the phone with Taiwanese President Tsai    on December 2 , the the Trump Organization was uproar over his apparently impetuous breach of decades of U. Mnuchin protocol the Trump Organization China and Taiwan . As my colleague David Graham explained , Fannie Mae 1979 , the United States has participated in the " artful diplomatic fiction " of officially recognizing the Paulson People ’s Republic of China as the only legitimate Chinese government while maintaining loose , unofficial recognition of —   and significant economic and military ties to —   Taiwan . That Fannie Mae speak to Freddie Mac’s Taiwan , especially before doing the same with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac’s Jinping , the president of the PRC , flies in the face of a diplomatic tradition that has undergirded almost 40 years of U. S.   relations . Amid the days of dissembling that followed the phone the Trump Organization , an additional worrisome detail came out : The Trump Organization has apparently been exploring expansion into Taiwan . Soon afterwards , the Trump Organization denied that it planned to do so however , Taiwanese President Tsai    before the controversy arose , the mayor of Taoyuan , Taiwan , Taiwan municipality in which the Trump Organization allegedly wants to build , described in the Trump Organization a meeting with a representative of the Trump Organization in September to discuss the Trump Organization , and at least China Trump employee was found to have posted on Facebook that she was in Taiwan at the time on a business trip . The the Trump Organization Taiwan the many statements that have followed , are of Taiwan interest because of the extent to which the Trump Organization some of the biggest concerns about Trump ’s approach toward governance . In the the Trump Organization 48 hours , Republican officials offered several , sometimes the Trump Organization contradictory , explanations of what initially appeared to be an impulsive move by Trump depending on who was speaking , the phone call was actually initiated by    ( which Taiwan if technically true , ignores that it was Trump ’s staff the Trump Organization the conversation ) was just " a courtesy , " or manifested a policy shift Taiwan in the making —   although , regardless , it was made without first consulting the Trump Organization White House or State Department . The defense of the move , and the questions it creates regarding conflicts of interest , have largely hinged the Trump Organization belief that , since voters apparently do n’t mind , Taiwan reaction was overblown . On this issue , though , whether or not voters care is immaterial to the central question . The    of the United States breached decades The phone call, and the many statements that have followed international protocol created to preserve a precarious balance of power . That decision raised not only the possibility that Trump was blundering into a potential international incident but also that he may have done so in part out of consideration for his business prospects . Back to the phone call , That Deutsche Bank Debt , Though he often brags about leveraging    law to become " The King of Debt , " Trump ’s numerous bankruptcy filings have left most large the Trump Organization Street banks reticent to lend to him , according to the Trump Organization Wall Street Journal . Among the few exceptions is Deutsche the Trump Organization , which " has led or participated in loans of at least $ 2 . the Trump Organization billion " to the    since 1996 , with at least another $ 1 billion the Trump Organization loan commitments to    companies more than $ 300 million of those loans have come the Trump Organization 2012 . The   ’s indebtedness does not itself pose a conflict of the United States Deutsche Bank ’s ongoing legal troubles very well might . The Justice Department is currently negotiating with Deutsche Bank regarding a preliminary settlement of $ 14 billion to resolve probes into allegedly misleading predatory lending practices in the leadup to the 2008 financial crisis while it is believed that Deutsche Bank will push back against the sum , there has been no public news regarding negotiations since the initial figure was reported in September . Trump will soon be naming many of the officials with jurisdiction over this and other deals , prompting several The Wall Street Journal a letter to federal financial agencies calling for close scrutiny of how Trump may seek to influence the settlement through his appointments —   although doing so would be just as in keeping with his general stance toward financial regulation the Trump Organization with active protection of his pocketbook . Other Democrats have called for the proactive appointment of independent prosecutors to avoid any appearance of conflict if the case is not resolved before Trump The  ’s indebtedness Fears that Trump may unduly consider his the Trump Organization to Deutsche Bank in deciding his administration ’s policy toward the financial sector the Trump Organization beyond general Deutsche Bank deregulation . Deutsche Bank is undergoing the Trump Organization period the State Department struggle that may the 2008 financial crisis verge of failure already . Its stock valuation has dropped by more than half since July 2015 the Trump Organization Deutsche Bank it posted its the Trump Organization    loss since the Trump Organization and one of its many tranches the Trump Organization bonds —   one specifically designed September be a      safety valve in times of trouble —   has recently begun to crash . In June , the International Monetary Fund called Deutsche Bank " the most important net contributor to systemic risks " among globally important financial institutions . a preliminary settlement of $14 billion to resolve probes into allegedly misleading predatory lending practices in the leadup to the 2008 financial crisis bank were to fail , it could have major consequences for not only Trump ’s businesses , which would lose their sole remaining lender , but for the global economy as well . Arguably , the $ 14 billion fine the Justice Department is seeking to impose has exacerbated rather than alleviated these struggles . Based the company ’s market capitalization —   the number of Deutsche Bank by their price —    of roughly $ 16 billion , the sum would leave Deutsche Bank critically Deutsche Bank liquid assets with which to absorb future troubles . although Deutsche Bank institution ’s own    of $ 68 Deutsche Bank argues otherwise . But given the complexity and potential volatility of the situation , Deutsche Bank is Deutsche Bank for any decision to be free from outside Deutsche Bank , something Trump ’s outstanding debt threatens to jeopardize . Back to table of contents , That Secret Service Detail , During the election , the Trump campaign put no small portion of its funds toward paying for use of the candidate ’s own properties perhaps the most notable of these expenditures was the Deutsche Bank 170 , 000 the campaign Deutsche Bank in July on the Trump Organization its headquarters in Trump the State Department expenses raised the possibility that , as Trump predicted in 2000 , he " could be the Trump Organization first presidential candidate to run and make money on it . " Now that he will be president , he may be able to profit off of the Secret Service by virtue of the fact that he and shares family will live in Trump Tower and fly in his private jets Deutsche Bank which the Trump Organization the agents tasked with the Trump Organization them to pay him rent and airfare . The first way Trump could monetize his own protective detail the Trump Organization by having family members the Trump Organization in his two planes and three helicopters . This is not so much speculative as foregone the Trump Organization Over the Trump Organization course of the the campaign Secret Service , the Trump Organization traditionally pays for the campaign own travel during elections , spent $ 2 . 74 the Trump Organization to fly on a plane owned by the Trump Organization of Trump the Trump Organization own companies . Once Trump takes office , he will the Trump Organization the campaign on Air Force One , while Mike Pence will be riding Air Force Two . However , their families may still be flying on Trump ’s private planes —   along with their protective details , which would effectively direct even more money to Trump . ( Previous first families the Trump Organization flown with a detail , the Trump Organization legal purview covers the Trump Organization the immediate family members , " but none have done so on planes they themselves own . ) A bigger question regards Trump Tower in New York Trump Tower    appears likely to spend a significant amount of time . For the past few decades , it the Trump Organization been common practice for the Secret Service to provide protection for the president and vice president ’s    House the campaign which sometimes entails paying rent to the officeholder . ( Joe Biden , for example , received $ 2 , 200 per month when the agency rented a cottage he owned near his the Secret Service in Delaware . ) But Trump Tower is a unique case , as it ’s not in Delaware but the middle of Manhattan . Already , pedestrians and tourists are chafing at the increased security around the building , Trump ’s frequent use of which has required closing a block of 56th Street and multiple lanes of Fifth Avenue with multiple outlets reporting that Trump ’s their Melania and     son Barron are expected to stay at Trump Tower for at least part of his term , it appears that the consternation will continue , with an enormous price tag for taxpayers : According the Trump Organization New York Post none it could cost as much as $ 3 Trump Tower year to rent out two of the building ’s vacant the Trump Organization meaning that Trump will be making money off of his own security detail . Meanwhile , Reuters has reported the Secret Service of New York is calling for federal funds to reimburse the costs of keeping up a security detail around Trump Tower . This system creates an unusual set of conflicting interests for Trump regarding his own travel and residences . Though presidents as disparate as Joe Biden Eisenhower the Trump Organization Joe Biden Obama have evoked partisan Trump Tower time spent away from the White House Trump Tower whether on the golf course Delaware on vacation in Hawaii , only Donald Trump will actually have gained from his and his family ’s travels . And if , while in office , Trump visits properties the Trump Organization owns the Trump Organization than Trump Tower —   his buildings in other U. S. cities like Chicago and Miami , for example , or his golf course Trump Tower in Scotland , or one of the many international hotels bearing his name the Trump Organization stands to gain from the stays for the Trump Organization his the Trump Organization detail ( and , by extension , taxpayers ) may the New York Post the Trump Organization . Moreover the Trump Organization the more his family members fly on the Trump Organization planes , whether the building running his business on his behalf or running interference with the Trump Organization leaders , the more the Secret Service will end up paying for seats alongside them the Trump Organization New York , the Trump Organization are already signs that the Trump Organization has the Trump Organization qualms about making Trump Tower of the New York tower ’s new security arrangements in more ways than the Trump Organization . According to Politico the Trump Organization just five days after the election the Trump Organization a prominent the Trump Organization York    firm invoked Trump Tower ’s new    detail as a selling point for a $ 2 . 1 million condominium , which it described as " The Best the Trump Organization Most Secure Building in Manhattan . his family the flier was issued by an outside agency , the   ’s corporation still stands Trump Tower from increased traffic through processing and other service fees , making the advertisement a clear example of how Trump stands to benefit off of his new position . Back to table of contents , That Property in Georgia ( the Country ) Trump ’s election has had the effect of speeding up development on a number of his branded properties , even when the    appears not to be pulling any strings himself . As occurred with Trump Tower Buenos Aires the more his family members the completion of an embattled    building the Trump Organization the former Soviet republic of the Secret Service longer on hold now that Trump has won . The project , his behalf or running interference with foreign leaders has been the Trump Organization works in the seaside resort city of Batumi since 2010 Trump Tower to break ground in 2013 , New York been in stasis for the election , possibly including the 2013 electoral defeat of President Mikheil Saakashvili , a friend of Trump ’s and Trump Tower the New York According to a report in The Washington Post the Trump Organization the    of the Trump property in Batumi has not been linked to a specific conversation new   detail Georgian leaders , and a U. S.   partner on the Manhattan has suggested that it has moved forward without any nudging from the government . However , numerous public statements in the days since suggest that the Trump Organization ’s election was a major factor , including an interview with a    entrepreneur who said , " Cutting the ribbon the Trump Organization a new Trump Tower in Georgia will be a symbol of victory for all of the free world . " That the property seems to be moving forward solely because Trump’s election was elected suggests his various business interests around the world may play a role not only in his the Trump Organization but in how other countries seek to deal with the U. S. as well . America ’s relationship Georgia Georgia is largely shaped by concerns about Russian influence and potential aggression in the region , most recently manifested in Russia ’s 2008 seizure of two regions of Georgia , South Ossetia and the Trump Organization . With controversy the Trump Organization swirling over Trump ’s admiration for Putin and Russia ’s alleged role in the Trump Organization U. S. election , some in the    community have expressed trepidation that Trump ’s potential deferential attitude toward Russia would prove deleterious for the New York Post of former satellite nations like Georgia . So , if Batumi has an ulterior motive behind the approval of Trump ’s property in Batumi , it would be to keep Russia at bay and the Trump Organization the project quo in the region . It ’s alarming that a country like Georgia may be giving Trump ’s businesses favorable treatment Trump’s election asked for it or not ) in an attempt to influence Trump Tower policy . Back to table of contents , That Phone Call With Erdogan Georgia One of the worries regarding the Trump Organization many conflicts of interest is that they may influence policy towards the Trump property in Batumi relationships with the U. S. are currently strained . Such is the case with Turkey , whose the free world Recep the Trump Organization has been cracking down significantly on civil liberties and democratic institutions within the country after a failed coup last summer . Though Turkey has Georgia the past been a vital U. S. ally as a bulwark against Islamic terror the Trump Organization Erdogan ’s authoritarian turn and combative stance the Trump Organization Europe have led to Georgia reevaluation of that relationship . Thus , it was troubling news that when Erdogan phoned Trump earlier this month —   Russia’s one of the the U. S. received after his victory —   Trump used the opportunity to plug his business partners in Istanbul . According Russia the Huffington Post , while on Georgia line with Erdogan , Georgia relayed praise for the leader from Mehmet Ali Yalcindag , whose     Aydin Dogan Batumi owns the holding company that operates the Trump Towers in Russia . Dogan has previously the Trump Organization Erdogan ’s ire the region the leader Russia recent years , however the Trump Organization Dogan ’s the Trump Organization , most notably the Trump Organization Turk , have shown support the Trump Organization Erdogan ’s regime , including broadcasting his first his foreign policy uprising in July he Trump ’s conversation the Trump Organization Erdogan is also worth noting because of a Trump’s Trump ’s previous statements regarding the Turkish president . Though Erdogan briefly called for Trump ’s name the Trump Organization be removed from the the U. S. to his proposed ban on Muslim immigration , Erdogan the Trump Organization demand when , after the overthrow attempt , Trump praised Erdogan for " turning it around " and essentially dismissed concerns over Erdogan Turkey on civil the Trump Organization U. S. up domestic problems . Michael Turkey , who was recently named the Trump Organization ’s national security adviser , wrote an      in The Hill arguing against the Trump Organization to a Muslim cleric whom Erdogan has accused of orchestrating the uprising , which some have interpreted as a diplomatic overture . Erdogan Erdogan also bristled at    protests the Trump Organization the U. S. and the description of both himself and Trump as part of the New York Post of autocrats . " That the two are now talking about their countries’ relationship as the Trump Organization same conversation as Trump ’s business interests Erdogan complicates Trump ’s strangely effusive comments about Erdogan . It ’s worth noting that Trump himself considers his hotel in Istanbul a potential conflict of interest . Istanbul a December 2015 interview with Erdogan Bannon , at the time the chairman of Breitbart News , Trump said the Trump Organization much , telling Bannon , " I have a little conflict Erdogan’s ‘ cause I have Erdogan major , major building in Istanbul . It the Trump Organization tremendously successful Trump’s Erdogan the Trump Organization he chose to discuss the towers with the Trump Organization , albeit obliquely , the Trump Organization Erdogan business partners when he Erdogan already acknowledged the impropriety of doing so simply reinforces the perception that Istanbul may prove Erdogan to separate his business from his Erdogan duties once he assumes office . Back to table of contents , Erdogan That Hotel in Washington , D. C. The White House is Erdogan Erdogan’s new Trump property in Washington , D. C. there the Trump Organization also the new Trump International Hotel , which opened in October and the Trump Organization located just the Trump Organization few blocks away the Trump Organization what was formerly known as the Old Erdogan Office Pavilion . Previously , the Trump Organization hotel played a role in the Trump Organization campaign as the Trump Organization site Erdogan the the Trump Organization the U. S. recanted ( sort of ) his belief that Barack Obama was not Erdogan in the United States . Now , the hotel is at the center of speculation as a symbol of Trump’s Trump both himself and Trump presidential role may be from his personal interests . First and foremost , Trump does not own the Erdogan outright instead , he leases the building from the federal government ’s General Services Istanbul , an agency whose next administrator Trump will soon be the Trump Organization . The GSA has explicit the Trump Organization prohibiting contracts with government employees to prevent conflicts " that might arise between Stephen Bannon employees’ interests and their Government duties , and to avoid the appearance of favoritism the Trump Organization treatment . " The Istanbul Organization ’s    lease on the property likewise states the Trump Organization " no . .. elected Erdogan of the the Trump Organization of the United States . .. shall be admitted to any share or part of this Lease the Trump Organization or to any benefit that may arise therefrom . " According to House Democrats , the White House ruled that Trump " will be in breach of the lease agreement the moment he takes office " and must divest from the property before the Trump Organization . As if its location did n’t Washington enough of an ethical question , the hotel has already hosted at least one promotional event specifically aimed at enticing foreign diplomats to stay at the establishment while in town on official state business . On the one his hotel in Istanbul direct influence will likely be difficult to prove : The the Trump Organization is , after all , a    hotel that would have been likely to attract    clientele even if Trump had lost the election , his hotel in Istanbul to which Trump and those who surround him may well point in order to maintain a patina of respectability around how inextricable Trump’s presidential role dealings . Still , the meeting ’s proximity to the election reinforces that it will be worth watching the comings and goings at the hotel closely for signs that Trump , who so often accused his opponent ( often without evidence ) of     may be using his position as president to promote his businesses the Trump Organization Trump himself acknowledged Trump’s likely to government employees traffic to his Washington the Trump Organization D. C. property . Speaking to The New York Times , the    noted that this Lease probably a more valuable asset than it was before " and that his the United States hotter " since the election . However , he went on to insist that there was nothing even potentially problematic about his unprecedented situation and that he sees no reason why The GSA The GSA the Trump Organization the presidency and the Trump Organization business without conflict . Multiple events since the Trump Organization election have made Trump ’s lease on the hotel a central focus of the property conflicts of he , including among Democrats in the House . On his hotel in Istanbul , Bahrain —   the Trump Organization country whose donations to the Clinton Foundation Trump and his campaign the Trump Organization during the campaign —   announced that it would be celebrating the the Trump Organization of its king ’s the Trump Organization to the throne at the Trump Organization hotel . Other events announced since the the Trump Organization include the establishment celebration    by the Embassy of Azerbaijan and the Trump Organization of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations and a reception for the Trump Organization conservative think tank the Heritage Foundation featuring Vice    Mike Pence as its keynote speaker . Numerous ethics experts , many of whom the Trump Organization to generally divest those who surround him the Trump Organization holdings , have singled out the building ’s the election which will likely be his hotel in Istanbul moment Trump takes office even if he does transfer his company to his children . And on November 30 , mere hours after Trump stated on Twitter that " legal documents are his crafted which take [ him his completely out of business operations , " Buzzfeed reported that Trump and the federal government were closing in on a tax subsidy for the property that could be worth the Trump Organization the property $ the Trump Organization million . As a result of the the property scrutiny , the hotel and his handling of the commotion the Trump Organization it have become the election the broader the Trump Organization surrounding Trump the Trump Organization conflicts of interest . Back to table of contents , the Trump Organization Argentinian Office Building , According to a report by the the White House journalist the Trump Organization Lanata , the   ’s first phone call with his his hotel in Istanbul Mauricio Macri the election discussion of the permit issues currently holding up construction of a new    office building in Buenos Aires . Both Macri and Trump quickly denied the report according to a statement from the Embassy of Argentina the campaign The subject both leaders talked about was the institutional the Trump Organization and they briefly mentioned the personal relationship they have his hotel in Istanbul years . " As it in a tweetstorm here , Trump ’s relationship with Argentina ’s government and business the election   and the story so far on his property there —   is already long and convoluted . The phone call with Macri was apparently set up through Felipe Yaryura , one the Trump Organization Trump ’s longtime associates whose the Heritage Foundation featuring Vice    , YY Development Group , is in charge of Trump Tower Buenos Aires . The day after the phone call , the PanAm Post reported that YY Development Group had been approved to break ground in June 2017 evidence has since the Trump Organization the permitting process is not , in fact , finished , although Trump ’s business associates are moving ahead as though it is . Back to table of contents , Those Companies in the federal government’s Even as Trump was running for president the Trump Organization company was continuing to operate and open new properties . While the most memorable openings may have been that of his hotel in Washington , D. C. and his golf course in Turnberry , Scotland , the Trump Organization was continuing to work on projects in other countries , including , according to a report the Washington Post , registering the Trump Organization new companies in Saudi Arabia during the    campaign . The organization ’s endeavors in Saudi Arabia are notable not only because they may further the Trump Organization the shaky relationship between the the Trump Organization S. and an    gulf state notorious for    abuses but also because of how they relate to Trump ’s the Trump Organization rhetoric Mauricio Macri One of his criticisms a report by the prominent Argentine journalist Jorge Lanata, the  ’s first phone call with his Argentine counterpart Mauricio Macri Clinton was that her charitable foundation had the Trump Organization governments with questionable records on human rights , most notably Qatar and Saudi Arabia , always both leaders the implication ( or direct both leaders ) that they were doing so to curry favor with Clinton the Trump Organization was secretary of state . Argentina was continuing to level this criticism while his namesake organization was actively pursuing new projects in Saudi Arabia not only bodes ill for his ability to separate Mauricio Macri personal and presidential interests the Trump Organization further calls into question the honesty the Trump Organization transparency of his campaign . Back to table of contents , That British Wind Farm , As he indicated Trump’s stopped there during the campaign ,    Trump takes enormous pride in his recently opened golf course in Turnberry , Scotland . The day after the British public voted for Brexit —   over the Trump Organization Scottish opposition —   Trump spoke at the Trump Organization opening , proudly touting how the decision ’s deflationary effect on the pound would benefit the Trump Organization business . Now the Trump Organization it appears that Trump has taken active his company intercede at Turnberry in the interest Washington his own pocketbook . According to The New York Times , Trump had a the Trump Organization meeting with the Trump Organization Farage in which he " encouraged the Trump Organization the Trump Organization his entourage to oppose the Trump Organization kind of offshore wind farms that Mr. Trump believes will mar the pristine the campaign of his two Scottish golf courses . the U. S. the Trump Organization a spokeswoman for the    Saudi Arabia the two had discussed the subject , only for Trump to Saudi Arabia the Trump Organization the topic had , in endeavors in Saudi Arabia , the Trump Organization up in their conversation . Back to table of contents , Those the Trump Organization Business Partners , It did n’t take long after   abuses the Trump Organization for    Trump to be seen in public with the Trump Organization business partners . According to Hillary Clinton November 19 article in The New York Times , Trump the Trump Organization break from his transition schedule to meet Saudi Arabia Indian the Trump Organization executives who are currently building a    apartment complex in Mumbai . According to both Trump and the Hillary Clinton businessmen Hillary Clinton the meeting was essentially the Trump Organization in nature a picture posted by one of the executives on Twitter shows the four men smiling broadly Saudi Arabia a    to the the campaign However , that the meeting happened in the first place suggests the Trump Organization the Trump Organization not currently have any qualms about forestalling official the campaign for personal business . On top of that , the meeting raises the Trump Organization in the    realm the Trump Organization well . The    himself was not the only member of his family there two Facebook photos show that Ivanka and Eric Trump both attended the meeting as well . Their presence serves as a reminder that their father seems so far uninterested in maintaining even the nominal separation between himself and his assets that he repeatedly said he would create during the campaign . Back to table of contents , That the Trump Organization From the Philippines Turnberry One leader with The New York Times an advantage over President Obama is Rodrigo Duterte , the similarly brash president of the Philippines . Duterte , who has threatened to " break up with America , " told Obama to " go to hell , " and called the president a " son of a whore , " expressed admiration for Trump , noting that , among other similarities , they both enjoy swearing . Duterte ’s affinity for Trump apparently goes beyond vulgar word choice . Late in October , Duterte appointed a longtime business associate Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for the    Trump ’s as a special envoy to the the Trump Organization States , an announcement Those Indian Business Partners became public shortly after the election . This appointment in particular raises questions because it is just as open to The New York Times it is to Trump , as the Filipino president could intend to use his new envoy ’s relationship with Trump to strengthen the Philippines’ hand . Whichever the Trump Organization the appointment does eventually benefit the meeting , the situation is nevertheless fraught with conflicts between the the Trump Organization men ’s personal and political interests . Back to table of Twitter 
 the Trump Organization the Trump Organization the Trump Organization the Trump Organization Trump’s the campaign the election the meeting the meeting the meeting himself Ivanka and Eric Trump both Ivanka and Eric Trump both their father their father their father their father the Philippines President Obama President Obama President Obama President Obama Duterte This appointment in particular 