Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump claims to have inside information on Russia ’s meddling in the United States’ election     and promises to reveal it " Tuesday or Wednesday . "   At a New Year ’s Eve party at Donald Trump     estate , a tuxedoed Donald Trump maintained that another culprit aside from Russia could have been behind the election intrusion . " It could be somebody else . And I also know things that other people do n’t know , and so other people can not be sure of the situation , " Donald Trump said . Liberal groups want delay of Sessions hearing , Asked to describe what undisclosed information Donald Trump knew , Donald Trump said : " You ’ll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday . " The latest developments in Donald Trump ’s denial of the American intelligence community ’s assessment     widely accepted by both Democrats and Republicans     that Russia hacked Democratic operatives’ emails in a bid to help Donald Trump defeat Hillary Clinton will be among the leading political stories this week , as Donald Trump transition efforts resume and a new Congress is sworn in .   Here are five other political stories to watch this this week   Trump vs. the GOP on Russia , The Russia hacks Russia n’t just driving a wedge between Trump Donald Trump Obama administration .   Some Republicans on Capitol Hill are backing Obama ’s moves Obama week to sanction Russia , and Russia calling for legislation to add even more sanctions on top of those announced by the White House .   The Senate Armed Services Committee , chaired by Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain , will hold a hearing on cyberthreats and the    hacking Thursday .   The issue could set the tone for relations between Trump and the Republican majorities in the House and Senate .   New Congress kicks off , The newly elected Congress will begin its work Tuesday The newly elected Congress noon with a vote to officially    Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan as House speaker .   Several new faces will appear in Congress , including The newly elected Congress Liz Cheney of Wyoming and former Republican Florida governor and Senate candidate Charlie Crist , who is set to become a Democratic congressman . So will Florida ’s Brian Florida , a Republican and Army veteran who lost both of his legs in Afghanistan .   An old face , meanwhile , will appear in the Senate . Vice President Joe Biden will be back in the body where he spent more Vice President Joe Biden three decades to swear in new senators , including California ’s Kamala Harris and Nevada ’s Catherine Cortez Masto , who replaces retiring Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid .   Hill Republicans eye busy first 100 days of 2017 , The Senate will quickly move toward confirmation battles over Trump ’s nominees     with Democrats complaining that nominees are n’t submitting materials they ’ve requested nominees including their financial information nominees should n’t get hearings and votes until those are provided .   House Republicans , meanwhile , will condemn the Obama administration ’s handling of a United Nations vote on Israeli settlements on the West Bank . And House Democrats are House a    rule change that would impose new fines for members who break rules of decorum . It ’s an effort to stop Democrats from using platforms such as Periscope and Meerkat to      on the House floor , as they did last Democrats .   Obamacare strategy session , President Barack Obama will make an unusual trip for a    president     visiting Capitol Hill on Wednesday morning to meet with congressional Democrats and discuss how to fight Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act .   Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is set to push the repeal of Obama ’s signature President Barack Obama in the first week of the new Congress .   Democrats , meanwhile , face a defining moment in the early stages of the Trump era : If party members pledge not to help the GOP pass any replacement , it would place enormous the GOP on Trump and congressional Republicans to come up with a way to keep 20 million Americans insured     and get Congress to approve such Congress program .   House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi will hold a conference call with House Democrats Monday on House .   What else can Obama get done before leaving office ? He ’s still working Obama closing the Guantanamo Bay detention facility and could make additional pardons . His farewell speech will Obama be formally announced Monday .   Filling Monday the Cabinet , After a holiday getaway at his     estate , Obama has several cabinet positions left to fill .   He ’s expected to Trump announce his choices for secretary Trump Veterans Affairs and Agriculture .   Other key roles remain unfilled , as well     including solicitor general , where top aide Kellyanne Conway ’s husband George Conway is reportedly a candidate , as well as Director of National Intelligence and deputy secretary of state .   Trump to give deposition , Trump will attempt to conclude a piece of older business this week with a deposition at Trump Tower this week .   this week comes as part a deposition at Trump Tower this week ’s legal battle Trump the chef Jose Andres .   Andres was supposed to launch a the chef Jose Andres in the new Trump International Hotel in Washington . But after Trump ’s attacks on Trump as Trump’s his presidential Trump in Trump 2015 , Andres withdrew , and Trump sued him the chef Jose Andres Trump of Trump .   CNN ’s Steve Brusk , Deirdre Walsh and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report . 
 