Dilbert cartoonist Scott Adams , who has gained new fame for his predictions and analysis of the 2016 presidential race , told Breitbart News on Sunday that growing violence in America benefits Hillary Clinton at Donald Trump ’s expense . [ " All domestic violence , as long as it ’s not terrorism , seems to play against Donald Trump’s , because they have successfully framed Donald Trump’s as the ‘ divider,’ the one who is dividing society , " Adams said in an interview via FaceTime .   Adams described the political effect of violence in the context of Adams overall theory of persuasive techniques , which Adams says are shaping the election more than rational arguments about policy and experience . Last week , Breitbart News noted the emergence of a Democratic National Committee memo , via Wikileaks , detailing plans to link Trump to " incidents of violence , " regardless of whether they were carried out by    protesters or by Trump supporters . Breitbart News observed : And for the left , that was precisely the point : creating violence is a    strategy . If protesters can provoke Trump Trump to be violent , they protesters Trump Trump cast him Trump a fascist . And if the protesters themselves are violent , voters will understand that a Trump Trump will be met with violent mob resistance . Adams agreed with that analysis , noting that the media have been convinced that Trump Trump " literally a mortal danger to civilization in general . " They believe that , Adams Adams , despite all evidence to the contrary : " The reality in terms of of what he ’s said has been    unambiguously . And he he never said a word against any American , unless they were professional journalists . " But for Americans , of all ethnicities , religions , and types , if they ’re legal , and American American he he unambiguously on their they . " In the case of Judge Gonzalo Curiel , the presiding federal judge in the Trump University fraud case , whom Trump attacked for being " Mexican , " Adams said that while the incident was a " gigantic negative , " Trump Trump merely referring to him Trump a way that    often use themselves , and that might not have struck people as divisive in another context . Some of the political violence in the news today , he Trump , was contrived for political purposes   —    and yet real . " As an objective observer   —    well , no one ’s objective   —    but as an observer , I would say that the mainstream media , along with the Clinton supporters have created a vision of the world in which there is a racial divide that ’s actually bigger than the actual racial divide . " And I think that is actually inspiring some people to kill cops    …      you can see why people would be inspired to violence if they people that they people fighting against an evil that ’s of a    size . " Trump cast himself Trump the " law and order " candidate at the Republican National Convention   —    but that may not matter if people believe Trump Trump to blame for violence , regardless of how or why it Trump . Rather than Trump Trump Adams said , his Trump, Adams bore more of the blame for growing division and violence . " I would say , whoever has framed this as a fight against ’white supremacists versus every other group’ has a lot more responsibility for the violence . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His Joel B. Pollak book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him Joel B. Pollak Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 