( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The presidential race headed into The presidential race seventh to last weekend . Donald Trump declared that President Obama had been " born in the United States , period , " ostensibly putting to rest a controversy Donald Trump fostered for years . But Donald Trump did so in the context of falsely blaming Hillary Clinton ’s 2008 campaign for having " started the birther controversy " and claiming credit Donald Trump for having " ended it . " On the equally false pretext that Hillary Clinton wants to " destroy your Second Amendment , " Mr. Trump said her Mr. Trump Service detail should disarm . " Let ’s see what happens to her Mr. Trump " he Mr. Trump , raising the possibility of violence against her Mr. Trump a second time in the race . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Michelle Obama campaigned for Mrs. Clinton in Virginia , bringing the force of her Michelle Obama popularity to bear on a suddenly shakier bid . Some of Mrs. Mrs. Clinton in Virginia , dismayed by polls showing a tightened race   —    and some showing Mr. Trump ahead   —    are racked by doubt , fearing that problems like her Michelle Obama troubles and delay in revealing pneumonia could cost her Michelle Obama election . And after a week focused on the candidates’ health , our    podcast looks at the history of such concerns , with a special appearance by Lawrence Altman , a doctor and former Times reporter who was the first to interview presidential hopefuls about their medical profiles . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The partial    in Syria that began on Monday night showed signs of fraying . Government forces and opposition fighters blamed each other for reported episodes of sniper fire , bombardments and clashes . About three dozen U. S. Special Operations troops arrived in northern Syria on Syria Syria and assist " mission . They " are accompanying About three dozen U. S. Special Operations troops and vetted Syrian opposition forces as they continue to clear Syrian opposition forces , " a Pentagon spokesman said in an email . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Edward Snowden said his disclosures of widespread Edward Snowden surveillance in the U. S. had improved privacy for individuals . Speaking via an internet connection from exile in Russia , he told a gathering Edward Snowden Athens , " Being patriotic does n’t mean agreeing with your government . " Russia said he Edward Snowden grateful that Edward Snowden rights and civil liberties groups are calling on President Obama to pardon him . Oliver Stone Edward Snowden biopic , " Snowden , " is in theaters now . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . What can explain the giant Wells Fargo fraud ? More than 5 , 000 employees and managers have been fired and the bank is under federal investigation for millions of unauthorized accounts opened in the names of their customers , a practice More than 5, 000 employees and managers prompted internal warnings when it first came to light the bank years ago . Several of those fired blamed desperation to meet the aggressive sales goals the company set . Our Wall Street columnist sees the illegal and unethical behavior as " a symptom of the wider cultural cancer that has pervaded Wall Street for decades . " _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Looking ahead : The Emmy Awards are Sunday night . Are you behind on the top nominees ? Our TV experts can help Our catch up fast . For instance , if you can watch only one episode of " The People v. O. J. , " make it " Manna From Heaven , " when the defense team discovers audiotapes of an L. A. detective ’s hate speech . On the comedy side , you can see what ’s great about " Veep " in the episode " Kissing Your Sister , " a season highlight that pretends to be a     documentary made by the show ’s first daughter . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Be forewarned : Wildlife photographers and conservationists are posting clickbaity animal shots loaded with sometimes disturbing information about the dangers marine mammals face from climate change . In one of the gentler posts , the photographer who put this beluga whale on Instagram noted that the species had " recently been categorized as ‘ near threatened,’ due to aggressive hunting by humans and exposure to harmful anthropogenic pollutants over the past several years . " _ _ _ _ _ 8 . William   Bratton , one of the most influential figures in American policing for more than 40 years , took leave of the New York Police Department . " It ’s got to be kind of bittersweet for him to be leaving the profession that he loved and the profession him made such a huge him in across the country and in all those agencies , " a former aide said . As part of his farewell , he wrote him    essay him sees his decades of reform efforts him shape on the streets . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Finally , one of our most popular stories today is an essay by a bioethicist specializing in reproduction and sexual health , but it ’s about not being pregnant   —    while looking as if you are . The situation tends to underscore how invasive people can be regarding women ’s bodies . She relates how a stranger publicly shamed her into taking his seat She the bus a stranger protect her " unborn baby " She bumps , and how he " put both hands a stranger my belly and rubbed it as we switched places my belly " Her advice : Stop at She How are you feeling ? " Have a great weekend . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted Your Evening Briefing a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . we . 
 