Washington ( CNN ) Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions is preparing to face fresh scrutiny for a decades’ old charge Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions made    comments while a US Attorney in Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions home state of Alabama .   The allegations cost Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions a job as a federal judge in 1986 and have the potential to sink Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions nomination to be attorney general under    Donald Trump . To survive , Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions will need to carefully distance Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions from the damaging charges and deftly manage how Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions Senate colleagues     and the public     react to his Senate colleagues    and the public     . It wo n’t be easy .   Many Democrats already are deeply disturbed by the allegations that Sessions may have called an    lawyer " boy " and accused the NAACP and ACLU of being " . " Many Democrats promise to    the charges to determine if Many Democrats are still relevant . But Democrats are equally concerned about    senator ’s current views on immigration and border control , which Democrats consider strident and   .   Democrats worry that in the sensitive post as the top law enforcement official in the country , Sessions may not treat all people equally under law and already some Democrats privately want to defeat him . " While many of us have worked with Senator Sessions closely and know him to be a staunch advocate for him beliefs , the process will remain the same : a fair and complete review of the nominee . While Senator Sessions and I differ on a great many issues , I am committed to a full and fair process , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , who will be the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee next year when the Judiciary Committee holds confirmation hearings for Sessions , who also sits on the Judiciary Committee . In 2009 , Sessions told CNN ’s Dana Bash that his the earnest senator confirmation hearing before the Judiciary Committee     a contentious affair where he the earnest senator repeatedly with Sen. Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts and other Democrats     was " really heartbreaking to me . " Visibly upset in the television interview , the earnest senator pleaded his the earnest senator .   " That was not fair . That was not accurate . Those were false charges and distortions of anything that I did , and it really was not . I never had those kinds of views , and I was caricatured in a way that was not me , " he the earnest senator .   The question is whether Session ’s heartfelt appeal that he the earnest senator a victim of wrongful allegations and not the perpetrator of    conduct can convince senators to confirm him the earnest senator The haze of time and distance from the events may assist Sessions , especially with many of the players of the 1986 drama no longer in the Senate . Political connections , Sessions’ political ties to Trump and Senate the Senate leaders could help him the earnest senator . He the earnest senator a fierce defender of the    and was the first senator to endorse him the earnest senator Trump Trump he Trump have any job he Trump     and he Trump becoming secretary of defense before settling on AG . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ,    said he Trump strongly supports " the nomination and promised a swift confirmation process for him Trump Senate Judiciary Committee Chuck Grassley ,    noting that Sessions was once the top Republican on the committee , said he Trump " confident he Trump be reported favorably out of the the committee " Also helping Sessions are the new Senate rules that will allow him Trump be confirmed with the support of just 51 senators , not the supermajority 60 that were required until recently . That means Republicans can confirm Sessions without any Democratic support .   Sessions , who will want to be confirmed with bipartisan support , will point Democrats to comments from the late Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , who in 1986 was one of only two GOP members of the Judiciary Committee to vote against Sessions’ nomination to the federal bench . In 2009 , as Specter was leaving the Republican Party and joining the Democratic caucus , he said he " he " that vote . " Because I have found that Sen. Sessions is egalitarian , " Specter told Specter . Defending Sessions’ record on civil rights issues , Trump spokesman Jason Miller noted Friday that Session had voted for a    extension of the Civil Rights Act , had voted to confirm Eric Holder     who is black     as attorney general , and voted to give civil rights legend Rosa Parks the Congressional Gold Medal . As an example of the Trump team Trump for a battle , a public relations firm sent reporters pictures of Sessions attending the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday at the Edmund Pettus Bridge and holding hands with Rep. John Lewis ,   . The release said the photos are ’Worth 1 , 000 words " and the Sessions’ critics may not want the photos the photos seen . Race and the Capitol , The difficult topic of race relations is never far from the surface in the Capitol , where momentous battles over slavery and civil rights were fought out on the House and Senate floors . Today , lawmakers remain divided over questions about police shootings of black Americans , voting rights and even the appropriateness of Confederate imagery in the historic building .   Sessions is certainly not the first senator to grapple with racial issues but still advance his career .   Sen. Robert Byrd ,    Virginia , was a member of the Ku Klux Klan as a young man before serving 51 years in the Senate . Byrd repeatedly apologized for his membership in Byrd group     calling it the " greatest mistake of my life "     and rose to become majority leader and one of the most respected members of the body .   Sen. Strom Thurmond ,    Carolina , ran for president as a segregationist in 1948 and led a    24 hour filibuster of a civil rights bill in 1957 . Through his 48 years in the Senate , he took steps his racial reconciliation and today a room in the Capitol is named for him . ( his aides will work to ensure that the bust of the controversial senator is not visible when that room is a room in the Capitol TV interviews . ) One man who was unable to escape a    political maelstrom , is former Senate Majority Leader the Senate Lott ,   . In 2002 , at a birthday party for     Thurmond , Lott said the country " wouldn’t’ have had all these problems over the years " had Thurmond won the White House in 1948 .   He was out of Thurmond job in a matter of weeks . Lott ’s former aide Lott Ron Bonjean , told CNN that his boss really lost Thurmond job because he his boss in a his boss struggle with President George W. Bush , not because of the    impolitic comment at a birthday party .   " He stepped into the Thurmond not realizing the grave political situation he was in . Thurmond realizing the Bush administration was out President George W. Bush get him beyond the comments Thurmond made about Strom Thurmond , for which he apologized several times Thurmond " Bonjean said . " It was exacerbated by the Bush administration , which President George W. Bush an opportunity to put in a new majority leader that would be more responsive to their needs . " Bonjean , a longtime Capitol Hill aide and now a political strategist , had thoughts on what Sessions should do if Democrats bring up his alleged old remarks . " He needs to be his clear about what he thinks about race his America today and that everyone is equal under the law in his eyes and disavow his that could be construed as comments that would showcase otherwise . You have to do that straight away . It ’s a very dangerous situation when you ’re trying to parse your comments , " Bonjean said . 
 