Actress Lena Dunham will apparently remain in the United States following Donald Trump ’s historic presidential election victory this week . [ In April , Actress Lena Dunham said that there was a " 100 percent " chance that she would move Actress Lena Dunham Canada if Trump were elected Donald Trump’s : " I love Canada . I Canada that it ’s a great place , and there ’s an area in Vancouver that I find beautiful and appealing , and I can conduct business from there , " she told Andy Actress Lena Dunham at the 2016 Matrix Awards , joining numerous other celebrities who have made similar pledges in recent months .   Dunham has apparently faced calls from social media users to keep her promise , Dunham the actress responded in a fiery post to her Instagram account the actress Friday morning . " For those demanding I move to Canada based on something I said when this man seemed like a steak salesman with a long shot at the presidency : stay busy reveling in your new regime , " Dunham captioned a Dunham featuring artwork from the Dr. Seuss children ’s book Oh , the Places You ’ll Go .   " I will go many places in my lifetime , surrounded by kindreds on a mission to spread justice and light , " the actress added , apparently avoiding the question of whether she would commit the actress keeping her promise to the actress out of the country . " I ca n’t wait for all of this , and for the change to come , as we use what we ’ve been we to protect those who ca n’t protect themselves . What those who can’t protect themselves you living for ? "   And for those demanding I move to Canada based on something I said when this man seemed like a steak salesman with a long shot at the presidency : stay busy reveling in your new regime . I will go many places during my lifetime , surrounded by kindreds on a mission to spread justice and light . I ca n’t wait for all of of this , and for the change to come , as we use what we ’ve been we to protect those who ca n’t protect themselves . What those who can’t protect themselves you living for ? A photo posted by Lena Dunham ( @lenadunham ) on Nov 11 , 2016 at 9:03am PST ,   While Dunham did not explicitly say she would n’t Dunham leaving the counry , the actress is Dunham only celebrity to reexamine their promise to move if Trump were elected . On Wednesday , Dunham ’s friend and Dunham actress Amy Schumer wrote on Instagram that her promise to " Dunham to Spain or somewhere " else if Trump won was said Trump in jest . " There are , however , at least a dozen other celebrities who have not yet made a decision on whether or not they ’ll be moving .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 