Monday on   CNN ’s " The Axe Files " podcast , presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton super PAC strategist Paul Begala said "The Axe Files" podcast, presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton super PAC strategist Paul Begala are running television advertising unopposed in battleground states with the purpose of building a " ceiling " that the support for presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump can not go above .   Paul Begala explained "The Axe Files" podcast, presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton super PAC strategist Paul Begala are trying to " define the Republican early , " so Paul Begala said , " With presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , Paul Begala wants to build a wall I want to build a ceiling . Right now Paul Begala ’s got Paul Begala 40   —    no not even 40   —    30 , 35 percent of the vote and it is ironclad . And Paul Begala is right when Paul Begala says ‘ I can go on Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and not lose any of my voters,’ But that got Paul Begala to 13 million votes . As you know , you need 65 to 70 million to win . The path between 13 and 70 is full of people who are not in Paul Begala base —   unmarried woman , college educated woman especially , young people , people of color . I want to build a ceiling . And if you look , we ’ve been advertising very heavily on the outrageous things that Donald Trump has said about women , about national security , most powerfully about the disabled and that is building a ceiling . There is only one national poll out of ten or twelve that has Donald Trump even over 40 and Donald Trump has got to get close to 50 . " Donald Trump added , " If you think as a strategist , Donald Trump path forward has got to be to do better with people with college degrees , women with college   degrees , unmarried women and young people . Donald Trump has pretty much killed Donald Trump with people of color .   his path forward has got to be to maximize the white vote among people with a college degree . Those kinds of comments —   I think that builds a ceiling for Trump . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 