Fake reports of " hate crimes " committed by fans of    Donald Trump are sweeping America . Meanwhile , real crimes continue to be committed by    rioters in dozens of cities across America . [ One fake " hate crime " involved a Muslim woman at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette who claimed that she had her she torn off by two white males . Lafayette Lafayette now report that she she admitted that she she the story . "   Other incidents are being reported as " crimes " that are not crimes at all . CNN published a list of " hate crimes " on Saturday that includes an incident where a group of middle school students chanted " Build the wall ! " in a cafeteria . That is not a " crime " it is juvenile behavior by boorish    and    . Another " crime " on CNN CNN list comes from a university where " somebody chalked the words ‘ Trump,’ ‘ Build wall’ and ‘ [ Expletive deleted ] your safe space’ in front of the library . That ’s right : they used actual chalk . Other than that , there ’s not much . Elizabeth Nolan Brown of Reason . com has posted a more extensive list of cases where police were unable to verify the allegations being made , including an alleged attack on a gay man in Santa Monica , California . Rep. Jared Huffman ( ) documented three men showing up at a Veterans Day parade with Confederate flags . Provocative ? Deliberately . Offensive ? Yes , to most . Hate crime ? No . And yet Huffman Rep. Jared Huffman ( ) Donald Trump : " We need to prepare for more of this because the Trump Donald Trump has legitimized and given public space to some shadowy groups that used to hide from public view . " ( For the record , Trump Donald Trump efforts to remove the Confederate flag from the South Carolina state capitol . ) Meanwhile , thousands of people flood city centers in Los Angeles , Portland , New York and elsewhere , in some cases setting fires , smashing windows and vandalizing anything they can . Night after night , the protests have continued , organized by radical    organizations such as MoveOn . org and ANSWER , in rejection of the results of a democratic election . And some of the rhetoric of the the protests been bigoted , and violent . One sign at a Los Angeles protest Saturday read : " This Machine Kills Fascists . " Some of the protests the protests in violent attacks on police , and dozens of arrests . And there have been real hate crimes against Trump supporters , including a videotaped beating of a white man who was targeted because he was accused Trump voting for Trump . The Trump of    crimes   —    " hate crimes " and otherwise   —    committed by    thugs overwhelms , by several orders of magnitude , whatever crimes are being attributed to Trump supporters . Trump narrative about a wave of " hate crimes " inspired by Trump is a Trump fabrication , meant to tarnish the   . It is a continuation of false accusations , during the campaign , that Trump represented the Trump coming of Hitler . It is an attempt to organize a new opposition , based on lies , and the deliberate sowing of mistrust at a time when Americans have been called   —    by both presidential candidates   —    to come together . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 