The critical weekend before Election Day was set to be a busy one for Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey was to campaign for Donald J. Trump in the battleground states of New Hampshire and Pennsylvania . Then that Friday , a federal jury convicted two of the governor ’s former aides in the George Washington Bridge    trial . Mr. Christie , a Republican , canceled the campaign events and accepted a new invitation : The night before Election Day , he appeared on " Charlie Rose , " not to talk about Mr. Trump , he party ’s presidential nominee , but to defend he against weeks of damaging testimony in the George Washington Bridge   trial . In the orbit around Mr. Trump   —    which , like the one around Mr. Christie , prizes loyalty   —    the governor ’s moves so close to the election were seen as proof that for all his he support of Mr. Trump , Mr. he out more for himself than he the man at the top of the ticket . He may he well have been broadcasting that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to lose . Three days after he won he election the election Trump deposed Mr. Mr. Trump Mr. Trump of his transition he . Many fingers pointed at Mr. Trump ’s     Jared Mr. Trump had been sent to prison by Mr. Christie , then the top federal prosecutor in New Jersey , on charges of tax evasion and illegal campaign contributions . But Mr. Christie ’s unceremonious dismissal was more a Mr. Christie grievances in the weeks before the election , according to interviews with people close to the governor and the campaign . No one has publicly ruled out a role for Mr. Christie in the Trump administration on Sunday , Mr. Christie was among those the    met with at Mr. Christie club in Bedminster , N. J. But the meeting Mr. Christie much shorter than others that day , only about 20 minutes . The two men emerged before cameras just before Mr. Christie departed , for a    handshake that Mr. Trump war . The governor smiled forcibly , and Mr. Trump gave no indication that Mr. Christie under consideration for any jobs   —    unlike with other Mr. Christie job candidates he met . The jobs Mr. Christie wanted   —    friends say Mr. Christie would have liked to Mr. Christie White House chief of staff or attorney Mr. Christie   —    have been assigned to others . Mr. Christie ’s fall in the Trump circle was weeks in the making . Mr. Christie already grumbling , particularly from former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York , and from Mr. Trump ’s children . Mr. Christie , they believed , had gone    after an " Access Hollywood " Mr. Christie released in which Mr. Trump made vulgar comments about women the governor first canceled Sunday show appearances , then emerged on the radio Mr. Trump’s week to call Mr. Trump ’s comments " indefensible . " Spending on the Trump transition effort , which Mr. Christie was leading , was already higher than what the transition team of Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump’s the Democratic nominee , had spent , even though polls showed her winning . And some around Mr. Trump complained that Mr. Christie was using his post to promote his own people Hillary Clinton including his former chief of Mr. Trump’s his former law Mr. Christie who were running Mr. Christie team day to Mr. Christie , and one of Mr. Christie longtime supporters , Bob Grady Mr. Christie who had been recommended for several positions . The friendship between Mr. Christie and Mr. Trump Mr. Christie while never deep , has always been pragmatic . And several people interviewed said they had begun to patch up any break with a conversation on the Saturday after the    removed the governor as leader of several people transition team . That continued with the meeting on Sunday at the golf club , not far from Mr. Christie ’s home the governor Jon Bramnick , the leader of the Republican minority in the New Jersey Assembly and one of the governor ’s most steadfast supporters , said , " Both Trump and Christie are the type that they ’re loyal to their the governor and I suspect that long term it will work out , whether Mr. Christie ’s a position now Jon Bramnick, the leader of the Republican minority in the New Jersey Assembly and one of the governor later . " Jon Bramnick, the leader of the Republican minority in the New Jersey Assembly and one of the governor the Trump roller coaster has been particularly jolting for Mr. Christie . The two it met , according to Mr. Christie , through Mr. Trump Trump and Christie sister , a federal judge , shortly Mr. Christie Christie became United States attorney for New Jersey in Mr. Christie Mr. Christie liked Trump and Christie celebrity Mr. Trump , who owned several casinos Mr. Christie City , liked to know people in charge . As the Mr. Christie the    trial showed , Mr. Christie Mr. Trump office in 2010 . Mr. Trump ’s run started out looking like more of a Mr. Christie the office . But in a crowded field of Republicans , he soon occupied the position Mr. Christie expected to take , as the       candidate not afraid to challenge the way things had always been done . Mr. Christie had struggled to bounce back Mr. Christie scandal since January 2014 , when Mr. Trump legislative subpoena revealed that his deputy chief of staff had sent an email calling Mr. Christie some traffic problems " in the town that was gridlocked by the closings , to punish a mayor who Mr. Christie declined to endorse the governor . After the governor failed in his attempt to make a good showing in the New Hampshire primary contest in February , he endorsed Mr. Trump . He became the first major establishment Republican to do so . He also alienated many friends and financial the governor saw his poll the governor drop to a new low . Mr. Christie was , again , pragmatic , saying the governor was clear to him the governor Mr. Trump would be the nominee . " If he the governor not been in the race , it would have the governor me , " the governor said at a the governor at the time . On the campaign trail , he endured public the governor , Mr. Trump stood obedient and silent next to Mr. the governor on Super Tuesday on March 1 . Mr. Trump himself mocked the governor for the governor many Oreos and for abandoning his state to run for president . Mr. Christie publicly the governor he hoped to be Mr. the governor ’s    nominee . And he was Mr. Trump disappointed when Mr. Trump ’s children and campaign Mr. Trump candidate to instead choose Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana . Mr. Trump made Mr. Trump Christie chief of the transition . But the governor was Mr. Christie struggling with the Mr. Trump the stand that he had known Mr. Christie the lane closings even as they were Mr. Trump did nothing to reverse them . On Election Day , Mr. Christie voted in the dark of early morning Mr. Trump contrast to Mr. Christie and reporters Mr. Trump indicating on his public schedule what time he would go to the polls . Mr. Trump Trump ’s surprise upset seemed to offer another chance at resurrection . Mr. Christie appeared on the " Today " show they demurring on the question of whether he wanted to be chief of staff or attorney general , saying his most important Mr. Christie was the transition . " If there ’s Mr. Christie role for me that Mr. Christie want to do , and that the    wants me to do , " he said , " we Mr. Christie each other for 14 years   —    we ’ll talk . " The next Mr. Christie , Mr. Trump announced that Mr. Christie would no longer lead Mr. Christie transition . The governor has now given signals that he is planning to serve Mr. Christie his term in New Jersey . On Monday , he held his first cabinet meeting in Mr. Christie long time . Late on Wednesday afternoon , he had bumped his lieutenant governor we Kim Guadagno , as the keynote speaker at Mr. Christie statewide convention of mayors in Atlantic City , which the transition skipped Mr. Christie . Appearing the next day   Mr. Christie    Lieutenant Governor Guadagno ’s Mr. Christie was still on the programs   —    Mr. Christie Christie Mr. Christie , " I have no reason to believe that I will do anything Mr. Christie than serve Mr. Christie my full term as governor and turn the keys of the office over to whoever you select in November of 2017 to Mr. Christie me . " " I ’ve had a pretty good run , " he added . 
 the office Mr. Christie 