The Independent newspaper , a standard bearer for Britain ’s    media establishment for 29 years , has announced that The Independent newspaper, a standard bearer for Britain’s   media establishment for 29 years will close The Independent newspaper, a standard bearer for Britain’s   media establishment for 29 years print section and go " online only " from March 2016 . [ The owners of the Independent and the Independent on Sunday , ESI Media , have confirmed that The owners of the Independent and the Independent on Sunday, ESI Media will cease printing operations for the papers in March . The owners of the Independent and the Independent on Sunday, ESI Media are currently in talks with Johnson Press to sell    i for £ 24 million .   ESI Media owner Evgeny Lebedev confirmed the changes in a letter to employees writing : " I can now confirm employees writing are selling the Independent sister paper , i , to Johnston Press Johnson Press to Johnston Press shareholder Johnson Press The newspaper is renowned for its heavily    slant The newspaper often using its front pages to The newspaper the euro currency , climate change , and radical feminism . But since being taken over by Russian billionaires Alexander and Evgeny Lebedev , the paper has suffered not just a decline in its already low readership the paper but also a slew of journalistic faux pas . Recently , the paper published falsehoods the paper one its flagship columnists , Yasmin the paper Brown , as well as repeatedly calling for smear tactics to be used to discredit Eurosceptic voices in Britain . The paper has become increasingly the paper " clickbait " articles on its i100 website , a site the paper pumps out    media reaction stories and internet memes . And the paper has been an integral the paper the " Islamophobia " industry   —    churning out articles that claim " Islamophobia " even though police investigations ruled against such assertions . All of this and more led Breitbart London ’s Editor in Chief Raheem Kassam to predict the end of the Independent on December 7th last year , repeating his forecast on December 31st . The Breitbart London’s Editor in Chief Raheem Kassam from @JohnRentoul   …      the @Independent is finished   …      https :   .    —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) December 7 , 2015 ,   On Breitbart London , Kassam wrote : " The decline of —   Raheem Kassam (@RaheemKassam) mainstream media continues apace as the public loses trust in the BBC , the Times , even channels like Fox News . I fully expect a major UK national newspaper to fold or take it to " online only " " a major UK national newspaper At end of 2015 , I was asked to " make predictions " for the 2016 . One of those was end of the Indy paper in print : https :   .    —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) February 11 , 2016 ,   On January 26th , the Independent hit back , claiming U. S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump was only succeeding because of Breitbart readers and their " racism " . The paper was subsequently exposed for employing Islamist extremists . The paper had a circulation of around The paper 000 on weekdays , and around 100 , 000 on Sundays . The last edition of the Independent is expected to be on the Independent and the last Independent on Sunday on 20 March . ESI Media , which also owns TV station London Live and the British capital ’s Evening Standard daily , said it would be " the first national newspaper to embrace a global ,    future " . " A significant number of employees are expected to move across to Johnston Press , " it said , warning that there would be " it redundancies " . AFP contributed to this report 
 