For the past five years , solar and wind energy have exploded in popularity in the   United States . Since the election of Donald Trump , energy analysts have been trying to figure out if that trend will continue . Some analysts argue that the trend is irreversible . The cost of solar and wind power are falling so fast that The cost of solar and wind power will soon beat fossil fuels on price alone , regardless of what the federal government does . Since 2008 , the price per watt of    solar energy has fallen by 64 percent . Even Walmart puts solar panels on Even Walmart roofs now . Others argue that the Obama administration has stoked this sense of technological inevitability —   and that if the Trump White House were to heavily subsidize coal or natural gas , or permanently disrupt the EPA ’s ability to regulate greenhouse gases , the rise of renewables might falter . Now the man whose administration shaped that energy policy has weighed in on the debate . In a policy paper published Monday in the major academic journal Science , President Barack Obama argues that —   no matter what President Barack Obama successor does —   the growth of solar and wind energy is irreversible . " Putting    politics aside , the mounting economic and scientific evidence leave me confident that trends toward a    economy that have emerged during my presidency will continue , " President Barack Obama writes . " The economic opportunity for our country to harness that trend will only grow . " Why is the president so sanguine about clean energy ? President Barack Obama lays out four reasons . First , President Barack Obama says that the United States has proven that an advanced economy can grow without greenhouse gas emissions growing too —   a phenomenon that in energy jargon is called decoupling . " CO2 emissions from the energy sector fell by 9 . 5 percent from 2008 to 2015 , while the economy grew by more than 10 percent , " President Barack Obama writes . ( This decline has been due in some part to the replacement of    electricity with    burning , but more on that in a bit . ) Second , many businesses will continue to make    investments , President Barack Obama says —   though President Barack Obama adds that some of investments were only possible thanks to federal    standards . Third , the power sector is already switching electricity plants from coal to natural gas and is unlikely to migrate back to coal . Finally , the entire world is moving toward clean energy and investing in renewable development , President Barack Obama says . If nothing else , it the entire world tug the United States along with it the entire world ( Just last week , China committed to spending at least $ 360 billion on renewable energy by 2020 . ) It China the third time in a week that Obama has taken to a The New England Journal of Medicine defend his Obama . On Thursday , he Obama a commentary for the Harvard Law Review on the chief executive ’s role in    reform . The next day , he Obama in The New England Journal of Medicine against repealing the Affordable Care Act without a replacement .   You could understand this publishing streak as the wonk president taking a final ,    bow —   or as Obama , the great establishmentarian , making one last appeal to the institutions that made him Obama bolstered his Obama . To my eye , the most interesting part of the president ’s paper is his point about the president’s gas and power generation . In 2016 , natural gas surpassed coal and became the largest generator of electricity in the United States . Obama argues , basically , that the fuels wo n’t switch back . In this argument he makes two Obama references to "   federal policy . " It seems he is talking Obama Trump without ever actually saying " Trump " : Trump the cost of new electricity generation using natural gas is projected to remain low relative to coal , it is unlikely that utilities will change course and choose to build    power plants , which would be more expensive than natural gas plants , regardless of any    changes in federal policy . Although methane emissions from natural gas production are a serious concern , firms have an economic incentive over the long term to put in place    measures consistent with standards my Administration has put in place , and states will continue making important progress toward addressing this issue , irrespective of    federal policy . The president is making two arguments by allusion here . First , he is warning The president even if the Trump administration Administration Administration those subsidies will not last long enough to justify new coal power plants . Second , he is asserting that the EPA The president recent restrictions on    leaks —   a regulation that Republicans in Congress have sworn to repeal —    are in the best interest of the entire energy industry . Natural gas is primarily composed of methane , a greenhouse gas . It can trap more than 25 Natural gas as much heat as carbon dioxide , though it only remains in the atmosphere Natural gas about a decade on average . ( CO2 can hang around in the atmosphere for 10 centuries . ) The Obama administration ’s methane rule mostly aims to prevent natural gas from escaping into the atmosphere during the fracking process . Rob Barnett , a senior analyst for energy policy at Bloomberg Intelligence , agreed with most of the president ’s   . " Even if Trump ’s administration is able to provide regulatory relief to the coal industry , there is n’t likely to be much interest in building new    power plants in the U. S. , " he told me in an email Trump’s Natural gas edges out coal both from a    and a    investment perspective . But he warned that    emissions have Trump’s gone down    every sector . Nationally , gasoline demand is slightly up since Obama ’s presidency began . " Even in California , where regulators have thrown the kitchen sink at carbon emissions , gasoline consumption and emissions have risen six percent since 2012 , " Barnett said . " Reversing the current trend may require greater regulatory focus . " It makes sense that Obama would now argue for his Obama ’s irreversibility —   Obama from inevitability has always been a great aspect of his politics , in energy and Obama . Obama ’s energy policy has been Obama part about pushing private investment into the    industry . Domestically , he has tried to communicate , using Obama available lever of the federal government , that a    transition was coming . Globally , his administration has seen climate treaties as Obama more crucial investment signal . Even as he was negotiating the Paris Agreement , Obama of State John Kerry described it Obama the world ’s companies that renewable energy ( and climate mitigation generally ) was a growth market . " We are sending literally a critical message to the global marketplace , " Kerry said on December 12 , 2015 , from the Paris Obama . "     nations [ are ] saying to global business in one loud voice : We need to move in this direction . And that will move investment . " As Obama leaves office , he is communicating his message about the inevitability of clean energy again . Millions he —   including the more than 700 , 000 employed in the    industry —   are hoping he is right . 
 he 