  ( CNN ) Small fractures in the Democratic coalition began showing Small fractures in the Democratic coalition during the primary season , illustrated during the Democratic Convention , in one example , in the frozen face of actress Susan Sarandon     a progressive stalwart and major backer of Barack Obama in 2008 and of Bernie Sanders this election cycle .   Small fractures in the Democratic coalition came into full focus when # BlackLivesMatter supporter and San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick announced he Colin Kaepernick likely not going to vote because he Colin Kaepernick Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were untrustworthy . But the main story of this election remains that there were enough white voters in America who were tolerant enough of Donald Donald Trump bigotry and misogyny to make him Colin Kaepernick next president , while an overwhelming majority of people of color rejected him Colin Kaepernick And it was n’t just , or mostly , about economic angst . Clinton won Hillary Clinton vote among those making less than $ 50 , 000 while Trump did Donald Trump where the jobless rate has improved the most since 2009 . ( Trump won Donald Trump voters overall by 20 percentage points , the rich and poor . ) Given that Clinton received Hillary Clinton usual percentage of the Democratic vote for the party nominee , Sarandon and Kaepernick likely represented only what was happening on the edges of the Obama coalition . In a race that was closer than expected , with Clinton still Hillary Clinton eking out a small popular vote victory while losing the    Electoral College , anything fraying at the edges becomes significant enough to change the course of history , preventing the passing of the baton from the nation ’s first black president to its first the nation’s president .   Instead , it was the nation’s to the man who rose to national political prominence on the bigotry of birtherism . That fraying contributed heavily to Clinton ’s inability to match the 66 million votes Obama garnered in 2012     the    " Obama coalition Obama     by just enough , in just the right places , to lose the race to the White House . I ’ve long believed that the Democratic Party , like the Republican Party , has work to do to maintain a winning coalition , the deeper we get into the 21st century . I just thought Trump ’s nomination would force the GOP into a reckoning now , allowing Democrats to postpone their own Democrats at least another cycle . Instead , the opposite occurred . Early voting returns showed a big rush by Latino voters in places like Nevada and Florida to get to the polls early , potentially cutting off any path Trump had Trump 270 Electoral College votes . But by the end of Tuesday night , it became clear that just enough members of the other portions of the Obama coalition decided either not to show up     or to vote for Trump . Trump to exit polling data , Trump actually Trump by 6 percentage points among white voters age    which underscores data from Pew showing that young white Americans’ views on many issues resemble their parents’ that young white Americans’ views on many issues than fellow young people of color , an    stressor inside the Obama coalition .   Not only that , but Trump nearly Trump the vote of educated white women with Clinton     despite the Billy Bush tape , despite the repeated allegations of sexual assault     even as black and Latino women provided Clinton with Clinton of her female Clinton gap . And maybe more importantly , Trump received Trump a third of Latino male voters and 13 % of black male voters , which raises the question : How much of a role did gender bias play in this election ? And while it is right to point out Clinton ’s Clinton     the unfathomably unwise decision to set up a private server , the paid Wall Street speeches during an era of populism     FBI Director James Comey ’s decision to reinsert himself into FBI Director James Comey’s election this election 11th hour , along with a       of leaks from WikiLeaks ( possibly from a    hacker ) likely was just enough to strip Clinton of Clinton enthusiasm within her base Clinton Political death by a thousand small cuts . Even with all those factors , and all of the fractures within the Obama coalition , the most disturbing thing that happened Tuesday night is the reality that more than 59 million people felt comfortable enough with Trump ’s open bigotry to send him to the Trump’s House in the 21st century anyway . As Nate Cohn , a numbers cruncher at The New York Times tweeted , even if Democrats had perfect turnout , Clinton would have only squeaked by with a victory because of that fact . Those who voted for Trump sent a Trump’s , loud and clear , that when it ’s time to make a tough choice , bigotry and mistreatment of women will get a pass under the right circumstances . If the Obama coalition ca n’t find a way to counteract that development , it wo n’t the Obama coalition a coalition worth saving for much longer . 
 