Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has a plan to defend gun rights in general and the Second Amendment in particular . a plan to defend gun rights in general and the Second Amendment in particular is visible in the policies set forth by Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump as well as Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump understanding of the value of the Second Amendment and the freedoms it a plan to defend gun rights in general and the Second Amendment in particular . [ Here are six aspects of Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump a plan to defend gun rights in general and the Second Amendment in particular   National Reciprocity for Concealed Carry —   In a September 18 position paper , Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump explained that " the right of    does n’t stop at the end of your driveway . " Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump contended that right to defend one ’s life is viable wherever a person goes . Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said , " I have a concealed carry permit and   …     tens of millions of Americans do too . That permit a concealed carry permit and   valid in all 50 states . A driver ’s license works in every state , so it ’s common A driver’s license that a concealed carry permit should work in every state . " Understands Concealed Carry As ‘ A Right , Not A Privilege’ —   This the " why " behind Trump ’s push for national reciprocity . For him , honoring Trump carry licenses from every state is the " common sense " way to honor the right to bear arms for   . He makes the Trump by contrasting rights and privileges , saying , " [ If we can recognize licenses in all 50 states as it relates to ] driving   —    which is a privilege , not a right   —    then surely we can do that for concealed carry , which is a right , not a privilege . " Opposes ‘ Assault Weapons’ Ban —   Trump views attempts to ban " assault weapons " as a prime example of the left ’s attempt to use language and demagoguery to limit the freedoms of the people . He said : Opponents of gun rights try to come up with scary sounding phrases like " assault weapons , " "   weapons " and " high capacity magazines " to confuse people . What they ’re really people about are popular    rifles and standard magazines that are owned by tens of millions of Americans .    people should    allowed to own the firearm of their choice . people Expansion of Background Checks —   Trump believes background checks have failed to live up to the hype surrounding them at the background checks they were enacted background checks , therefore , ought not be expanded . He observes that Trump U. S. has had background checks since 1998 , yet they have not background checks numerous high profile shootings and terror attacks against our country and our stateside military our . He says we Trump a our where criminals get guns when they need them criminals   criminals system or not —   while    citizens are burdened with going through a check that was supposed to " be instant , accurate and fair , " but is n’t . Supports ‘ Harsh Penalties’ For Gun Crime —   Trump said : Several years ago there was a tremendous program in Richmond , Virginia called Project Exile . It said that if a violent felon uses a gun to commit a crime , you will be prosecuted in federal court and go to prison for five years   —    no parole or early release . Obama ’s former Attorney General , Eric Holder , called that a " cookie cutter " program . That ’s ridiculous . I call that program a a "cookie cutter" program Murders committed with guns in Richmond decreased by over 60 % when Project Exile was in place   —    in the first two years of the program alone , 350 armed felons were taken off the street . Arm U. S. Troops On Military Bases —   Trump strongly opposes the policies that disarm troops and make them sitting ducks on troops bases . He said : Banning Arm U. S. Troops On Military Bases —   military from carrying firearms on bases and at recruiting centers is ridiculous . We train our military our to our military responsibly use firearms , but our current policies leave our defenseless . To make firearms great again , we need a strong our . To have a strong military , we need to allow them to defend themselves . a strong military Hawkins is a strong military Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins AWR Hawkins Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . AWR Hawkins .  
 