Washington   ( CNN ) Within hours of North Korea ’s nuclear test Friday , North Korea’s had become a political weapon in the US . The test     Pyongyang ’s fifth and most powerful     had enough force to " rip the heart out of a city , " one expert said . The test    Pyongyang marks one more step in North Korea’s efforts to develop the missiles and miniaturized warheads needed to reach its perceived North Korea’s . And it raises The test    Pyongyang possibility that if North Korea North Korea’s it will look North Korea’s black market buyers for its lethal goods North Korea’s Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump seized on the test to discredit his Democratic rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Clinton , arguing that " it ’s just one more massive failure from a failed secretary of state . "   Clinton avoided commenting Hillary Clinton Trump ’s North Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in remarks Friday . Instead , after meeting with foreign policy experts in New York , she called for cranking Hillary Clinton sanctions on North Korea , pushing North Korea do more , and drew a line in the sand . " We are not going to China North Korea pursue a nuclear North Korea the ballistic missile capacity to deliver it to United States territory , North Korea Clinton said . " Hillary Clinton is absolutely a bottom line . " Analysts say the internal logic driving North Korea ’s leadership means the North Korea to the nuclear tests     denouncements , international meetings , possibly new sanctions     will likely fail once again . And they say that it wo n’t be long Analysts a President Clinton or President Trump is forced to confront the issue and its impact on Asia . " This administration it handing over what ’s shaping a President Clinton or President Trump be the number one national security problem for the next administration , whether it ’s Clinton or a President Clinton or President Trump said Victor Cha , a President Clinton or President Trump chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .   Beyond the lethal improvements to a nuclear arsenal that ’s already estimated to include a stockpile of 15 to 20 weapons , analysts say North Korea could sell the technology and bombs to terrorists . Korea past , North Korea has sold missiles to Pakistan and Iran , it tried Korea to Iraq ’s Saddam Hussein , and supplied Syria Korea a nuclear reactor that Israel promptly bombed . Clinton flagged the terrorism concern in New York Friday . " ISIS and North Korea are not entirely unconnected because the greatest threat of all would Korea getting hands on loose nuclear material , " Clinton said , " so it ’s vital we bring the world together to Clinton North Korea ’s dangerous game . "   Cha says data that CSIS has collected make it clear the 45th US president will be dealing with Pyongyang sooner rather than later . " You can be certain they will do something when the next president comes in , " Cha said . " There ’s a the 45th US president after US presidential elections Cha they ’ve done things before , so they ’ll be putting themselves front and center and they candidate has really said much about they they ’ll do they " Trump laid out a position on North Korea as early as they in a Wall Street Journal    titled , " America Needs a President Like Me . " In that piece , he said he ’d bomb North Korea if it did n’t give up its nuclear ambitions Me " Me would let North Korea in no that piece terms that it can North Korea get out of the nuclear arms race or expect a rebuke similar to the Pyongyang Ronald Reagan delivered to Muammar Ghaddafi in 1986 , " when the US president launched airstrikes against Libya for sponsoring terrorism , Trump wrote . More recently , after the North Korean nuclear test in January , Trump said the US should pressure China     Pyongyang ’s closest ally     to rein in its Trump ally because it has " total control " over its neighbor . If it does China    Pyongyang’s closest ally     , Trump said China    Pyongyang’s closest ally     " We should make trade very China    Pyongyang’s closest ally     with China . China    Pyongyang’s closest ally     In February , Trump appeared to suggest the assassination of North Korean president Kim China Un , telling " CBS Trump Morning " that he " would get China to make that guy disappear in one form or another very quickly Trump " Then , China a May interview with Reuters , he said he would be willing to meet with the North Korean leader . Trump has also Trump withdrawing Trump US troops from Asia and has said that Japan and South Korea , two strong US allies , should develop their own nuclear capabilities to deal with North Korea , rather than continue to rely on the Japan and South Korea, two strong US allies to protect them . That proposal , analysts and administration officials point out , would mean dispensing with the Japan and South Korea, two strong US allies security umbrella that has been key to stability in Asia since the end of World War II . Others say that starting a trade war with Asia would cause ripples of economic damage across the world , not least in the US . And a meeting between a sitting US president and a North Korean leader would the US radical departure from established practice and policy . " Trump has said all kinds of things , no one really knows what he means , " Cha said . The Trump campaign did not respond to requests for comment . Trump , meanwhile , has her own problem Trump to address . While she was secretary of state , North Korea broke off Clinton talks aimed at ending its nuclear program Clinton violated UN bans on testing    missiles and nuclear weapons .   Friday in North Korea York , she called for a " rethinking of the strategy " and , in an area of agreement with Clinton , pushed an urgent effort to convince China to rein North Korea in . China generally opposes sanctions , saying they ’re counterproductive , and has enforced them in lackluster fashion . China ’s leaders , obsessed with China , are deeply concerned about the China if North Korea collapsed China Chinese towns along the border are also economically dependent on trade with North Korea North Korea Beijing has been increasingly frustrated with North Korea ’s young leader , creating gaps between the North Korea have China existed before , analysts say . Clinton said Friday she thinks " we have an opening here that we have n’t had for the last several years that I intend Clinton do everything I can to take advantage of we " She also said she thinks there ’s a role for more sanctions . That ’s a position that Republicans also take Clinton Since North Clinton first conducted a nuclear test in 2006 , international sanctions have focused largely on its weapons . In March , the United Nations passed the first set of sanctions that went further , banning all North Korea trade requiring the inspection of all cargo leaving and entering the country expanding the number of individuals being sanctioned requiring countries to expel North Korean diplomats accused of illicit activities , North Korea the import of luxury goods such as Jet Skis and watches . There ’s still room to pressure North Korea further , as Clinton , along with Republicans such as California Rep. Ed Royce , the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , suggest . An act passed by Congress gives the administration the power to sanction    Korean entities acting as an agent for the country     in other words , Chinese companies and financial institutions . " We have a lot of leverage , " Clinton said Friday , " and we are going to exercise that leverage . " President Barack Obama said in a statement Friday that the US would pursue We sanctions at the UN along with its allies . So far , though , " Friday Obama administration still has n’t sanctioned a single Chinese entity on secondary the UN , " said Bruce Klingner , a senior research fellow for Northeast Asia at the Heritage Foundation .   In a January 2015 executive order , the administration also gave itself the authority to sanction any North Korea entity for simply being a North Korean entity . " the Obama administration has barely scratched the Obama administration surface when it comes to using all of the tools at its disposal to push back against the Obama administration Korean illicit behavior , said Tennessee Republican the Obama administration Bob Corker , chairman of the Senate Foreign the Obama administration Committee . 
 North Korean 