  ( CNN ) Turkey and the Netherlands’ diplomatic feud deepened Sunday with the Turkish president accusing the NATO ally of fascism and Denmark joining the fray , decrying " rhetorical attacks against the Netherlands . " Upcoming votes in Turkey and the Netherlands serve as a backdrop for the dispute : In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who has cracked down on opposition     particularly journalists , academics and the public service sector     since a July coup attempt , is pushing an April referendum that would expand his powers . In the the Netherlands this week ’s general elections will pit a hardline    candidate in a tight race against the incumbent prime minister . Erdogan is keen to rally the roughly 4 . 6 million expatriate Turks living in Western Europe , many of whom will be permitted to vote in the Turkish referendum . Following similar moves in Germany , Austria and Switzerland , the Netherlands on Satuday barred a plane carrying Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu from entering the country , citing security concerns . Cavusoglu sought Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu address expats in support of the Turkish referendum . The Dutch also stopped Turkey ’s family affairs minister from entering the Turkish consulate in Rotterdam . Protests broke out in both countries , and Erdogan responded by saying the Netherlands is " sacrificing    relations " and accused the country     which lost more than 200 , 000 of its citizens the Netherlands Germany ’s World War II occupation     of Nazism . Rotterdam , Rotterdam Cavusoglu hoped to speak , was especially hard hit by the Nazis . Power grab or democracy ? Next month , Turkish voters will cast ballots in a constitutional referendum that could change their government Turkish voters . If passed , it would passed the country Turkish system into a presidential one , effectively consolidating the power of three legislative bodies into one executive branch under Erdogan . Critics call the move    and say it ’s indicative the move    Erdogan ’s drift Erdogan rule since the coup attempt eight months ago . Erdogan and his Justice Erdogan Development Erdogan , or AKP , ministers have said those who oppose it stand with the coup plotters and terrorists . Cavusoglu has promised tenfold retaliation against the Netherlands , while Erdogan has likened the Erdogan to a " banana republic " and called for sanctions , according to the    Anadolu Agency , A Turkish diplomatic source told Anadolu that Dutch diplomatic missions in Ankara and Istanbul had been closed off due to security concerns . Meanwhile , the agency reported , the   Anadolu Agency Foreign Ministry has told the Dutch ambassador , who is Dutch on leave out of the country , he the country not return for a while . " ’Reflections of Islamophobia’ The Netherlands is n’t the first nation Erdogan has accused of Nazism . Germany , too , became a target of Erdogan ’s Nazi comparisons after canceling Erdogan rallies on its soil this month . Some Germany . 5 million Turkish nationals living in Germany are Turkish to vote in Germany referendum , according to Anadolu . " I thought Nazism was over but I was Nazism , " Erdogan said at the International Goodness Erdogan in Istanbul on Sunday . " What we saw in the last couple of days in Germany and Netherlands are the reflections Germany Islamophobia . " Turkey is overwhelmingly Sunni Muslim . Chancellor Angela Merkel issued a sharp rebuke , saying such comparisons serve only to belittle Nazi crimes .    relations have been on a downslide of late . Among the incidents chipping away at the countries’ security and economic partnership was last month ’s arrest of   Die Welt journalist Deniz Yucel on terrorism charges , and Turkey bristled last year when Germany ’s parliament declared the 1915 massacre of hundreds of thousands of Armenians " genocide . " European governments have been especially critical of Erdogan ’s commitment to basic freedoms since the coup . The country jailed more journalists than Turkey country in 2016 , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . Also , nearly 140 media outlets have been shuttered , more than 41 , 000 people have been arrested and about 100 , 000 workers have been dismissed from public service positions . Affording Turkey some leverage in the international spat is its key role in a Syrian migrant Turkey in which Turkey will resettle one refugee for every Turkey resettled in Europe . In November , responding to European Union freezing EU membership talks with Turkey , Erdogan threatened , " If Turkey go too far , the border gates will be opened , " according to Anadolu . Danes side with Netherlands , Amid Sunday ’s diplomatic turmoil , Danish Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen postponed a      visit from his Turkish counterpart . " Under normal Danish Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen it would be a pleasure for me to greet Prime Minister ( Binali ) Yildirim in Copenhagen , " Rasmussen said . " But with the Danish Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen rhetorical attacks by Turkey against the Netherlands , a new meeting can not be seen isolated from that . " The Danish government is observing developments in Turkey " with great concern as democratic Turkey are under considerable pressure , " he said . " A meeting right Danish Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen would be interpreted as if Denmark is viewing developments in Turkey more mildly , which is not Turkey all the case . " The prime minister ’s office said Danish representatives and Turkish officials had been discussing the possible meeting for several weeks . It would have been scheduled for later this month in Denmark . Dutch elections this week , Denmark the Netherlands ,    politician Geert Wilders praised the decision to bar the Turkish minister from entering the country and credited his own party for the decision . politician Geert Wilders Netherlands is heading for a nationwide the Netherlands , with concerns about Muslim immigration a central issue . Riding a populist wave that ushered Donald Trump into the Oval Office the UK out of Europe , Wilders’ Party of Freedom , or PVV , had been poised to win more House of Representatives seats than Prime Minister Mark Rutte ’s People ’s Party for Freedom and Democracy , or VVD . Polls have changed in recent weeks , but they still predict a tight race . Dutch Polls : What you need to know , Wilders , a staunch opponent of what he says is the Islamization of the Netherlands , has been called the " Dutch Donald Trump . " His incendiary rhetoric includes calling Moroccans " scum he who make Dutch streets unsafe . His campaign promises include shuttering the country ’s he , banning the Quran , closing the borders to Muslim countries , ditching the euro and leaving the European Union . In recent weeks , though , his party ’s popularity has taken a hit he as Rutte ’s VVD has made gains . According to Dutch Polling Indicator data from Saturday , which combines national opinion polls into one statement of support , the VVD is predicted to win 25 seats VVD the PVV ’s 21 seats . Many observers say that if Wilders’ party wins the most seats , it will face difficulties in forming the coalition necessary Wilders’ party rule the country . Several parties have said they ’ll refuse to work with the PVV . Several parties who entertain joining forces have PVV will only do so if he drops his    Parties who entertain joining forces , the centerpiece of his platform . he he 