Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama on Friday all but named Russian President Vladimir Putin as behind Moscow ’s alleged attempts to meddle in the US election , vowing retaliation for the moves and defending Russian President Vladimir Putin against criticism Russian President Vladimir Putin administration acted too slowly . Without directly answering whether Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered up the cyberactivity that US intelligence says was meant to bolster Donald Trump , Obama described government in Russia as tightly controlled by Russian President Vladimir Putin at the top .   " Not much happens in Russia Russia Vladimir Russian President Vladimir Putin " he said Russian President Vladimir Putin " This happened at the highest levels of the Russian Russia Obama said Obama personally Obama Putin about Russian President Vladimir Putin hacking in September on the sidelines of the Group of 20 summit in China , telling the Russian Russian President Vladimir Putin cut it out " and warned of " serious consequences if he did n’t . Russian President Vladimir Putin " In fact , we did not see further tampering of the election process , " Obama said of the Obama of that conversation . " But the leaks through WikiLeaks had already occurred . " Obama , however , Obama not say whether he has addressed with Obama Russian ’s    hacking activity Russian Russian largely unabated , US officials briefed on the investigation this week told CNN . The outgoing President ’s Obama was dominated by questions about Russia and its influence in last month ’s vote . After Russia a string of putdowns about Russia , describing America ’s Cold War adversary as Russia a weaker country " that " does n’t produce anything anyone wants to buy except oil and gas and arms , " Obama conceded the country could exploit political divisions in the United America " They can impact us if America of who we are . They can impact us us we abandon our values us " Obama They . He us Republicans us siding us an    of Obama United States Obama of their dislike of Democrats . " Ronald America over in his grave Republicans " Obama said of recent GOP praise of Russia . He Ronald Reagan , " Mr. Obama can weaken us just like he is trying Ronald Reagan weaken Europe if Ronald Reagan buying into notions that it is Ronald Reagan to intimidate the press or lock us dissidents . " Obama ’s given Trump advice , Referring the relationship between his White House and Obama incoming Trump administration , Obama said Friday there was Obama " squabbling " between the sides , even Obama a roiling debate over Russia ’s intrusion into the US election . The President noted he had made " some pretty specific suggestions " to successor Obama about " Obama the effectiveness , integrity , cohesion of the office , " he said during his news conference Friday . " He has listened , " Obama Obama . " Obama ca n’t say Friday he Obama end up implementing , but the conversations themselves have been cordial as opposed Obama defensive in any way . " Obama said he would " always make myself available to him " during his tenure for Obama and Obama . On the alleged Obama hacks , Obama said the Obama should be confronted on a bipartisan basis . " What we have Obama said are the facts , " Obama said . " Based on uniform intelligence assessments , the Russians were responsible for hacking Obama DNC , and as a consequence , it is important for us to review all elements of that and make sure we are preventing that kind of interference through cyberattacks in the future . " " That us n’t be a partisan issue , " Obama went on . " My hope is the    is similarly going to be concerned Obama we do n’t have foreign influence in our election process . " Despite his assurances , his White House has increasingly been engaged we an escalating rift with Trump ’s transition team his Moscow ’s intrusion into the US vote . At the same time , Obama is working to foster a productive relationship with his successor in a bid to influence his presidential   . Promised response to Moscow , Obama Democrats have argued the White House Obama slow in naming Russia as the Moscow culprit , though Obama and his White House that pushing the intelligence community to make that assessment earlier would have appeared Obama political Obama . In an interview with NPR that aired Friday , Obama attempted a balance , saying it was clear Trump and his team knew what Russia ’s intentions Obama , but arguing the issue should n’t become mired in Trump politics .    RELATED : Clinton says Putin grudge led Russia to hack , Podesta says something " deeply broken " at FBI , " It requires us Russia to    the election , it requires us not to point fingers , it requires us to just say , here ’s what It , us ’s be honest about it It and us ’s not use it as a political football but let us figure out how It prevent it from us in the It , " Obama said . He us Trump would be wise to It a US commitment to international norms . " I had Obama conversation with the    about our foreign policy generally , and the importance of us making sure that in how we approach intelligence gathering and how we think about fighting terrorism and our the country secure . .. our we recognize America ’s exceptionalism our our indispensability in the world in America from our values and our ideals , " Obama said . On Friday , he said that Russia ’s cyber meddling " was not some elaborate complicated espionage scheme , " arguing instead Obama a hyperpartisan political environment led to an obsession with leaked emails . " I ’m finding it curious that everybody is suddenly acting surprised that this looked like disadvantaging Hillary Clinton because you guys wrote about it everyday , " Obama said . " This was an obsession that dominated the news coverage . " Overall , Obama contended , Clinton was " treated unfairly " in the presidential contest . " I think the coverage Obama her and Hillary Clinton issues was troubling , " Obama said . Criticism of Syria , It comes as Obama Hillary Clinton finds himself reckoning with a worsening humanitarian Obama in Syria , where Russian and Criticism of Syria government forces Obama retook the Obama of Aleppo . Obama has called Syria Syria deeply frustrating crisis that haunts him daily . He condemned the situation Friday , Obama accusing the Syria regime , along with Moscow and Obama , of Obama civilians in Aleppo . " We have seen a deliberate strategy of surrounding , besieging and starving innocent civilians , " Obama said . " Responsibility for this brutality lies in one place alone : the Assad regime and its Obama Russia and Iran , " Obama declared . " The blood for these atrocities are on their hands . " On China , where Obama has called for a different course , Obama said it these atrocities " fine " to reexamine the longstanding " One China "   which spells US Obama of Taiwan as a part of China . But Obama said it China essential Trump familiarize himself with the consequences of his moves , saying China team should Obama briefed Obama current officials Trump " Trump I have advised the Trump is that across Trump board on foreign policy , you want to make sure that you ’re doing it in a systematic , deliberate , intentional way , " Obama said . " He should want his team to be fully briefed on what ’s gone on in Obama past and where Trump potential pitfalls his team , where the opportunities are , what we ’ve learned from eight years of experience . The President led off the traditional     session by touting his achievements from his time in office , starting Trump noting that Thursday saw the biggest number of Obamacare Trump 670 , Trump people     in a single day . A spokesman for the Department of Health and Human Services said that it was due to this " extraordinary demand " that the deadline to sign up for coverage beginning on January 1 , 2017 , has been extended until December 19 . The news comes just weeks ahead of lawmakers reconvening for the new session of Congress on January 3 . Republicans intend to move swiftly to repeal major parts of the Affordable Care Act through a budget reconciliation bill . 
 