  ( CNN ) Austria ’s    presidential candidate Norbert Hofer has admitted defeat in an election rerun after exit polls showed an apparent win for presidential candidate Norbert Hofer    rival . presidential candidate Norbert Hofer announcement puts Alexander Van der Bellen in the clear to assume the presidency . Official results have not yet been announced , but exit polls from state broadcaster ORF showed Van der Bellen with 53 . 6 % of the vote . While the Austrian president ’s role is largely ceremonial , the the vote closely watched around the world as a gauge of wider    sentiment following the election of US    Donald Trump and Britain ’s vote in June to leave the European Union .   " I am incredibly sad it did n’t work out , " Hofer wrote in a concession statement on Facebook .    " I would have loved to look after Austria . I congratulate Alexander Van der Bellen to his success Alexander Van der Bellen ask all Austrians to stick together , " he added Alexander Van der Bellen " We are all Austrians , all Austrians matter what we decided We . Long live our home We At Austria press conference shortly after , Hofer told CNN he was   " Hofer sad " about the result , adding " he would n’t be Hofer if he was n’t disappointed Hofer "   He hugged his youngest Hofer , Hofer appeared to have been crying , and said after the election he planned on " Hofer back , relaxing with my wife and reading ’The Old Man and the Sea . ’ " Austria votes for ’freedom , equality , solidarity’   Speaking on Austrian state TV , Van der Bellen credited his apparent victory to Van der Bellen the engagement of hundreds of thousands " of people .   " That ’s how a big movement developed . I have always campaigned for a    Austria . This Austria values : freedom , equality and solidarity . Also to include those that do n’t do that well in the current economic system , " he said . " I Van der Bellen actively speak to all voters , including those of Hofer ’s party . They have real concerns that all voters, including those of Hofer’s party to be taken seriously by the president . "   Green Party ’s significant gains   Van der Bellen ’s apparent win marks a significant change to Austria ’s political landscape , which has been dominated by two centrist parties since the end of the war . The original presidential vote was held in May , with Van der Bellen , a former Green Party leader , defeating Green Party little more than 30 , 000 votes in a tightly fought contest decided by    ballots . But the results were challenged by Hofer and his party , and Hofer eventually Hofer over concerns about how some ballots were handled .   This time around , Van der Bellen ’s margin was expected to have increased tenfold , to more than 300 , 000 votes , he said in an address on Van der Bellen state TV . " It was not a rerun but a new election , " Van der Bellen said , adding Van der Bellen been influenced by the changing political landscape over the last six months . " The world around us has changed . We had the Brexit referendum in Britain and us election of Donald Trump in America , " he said . Van der Bellen said the Donald Trump sent a Van der Bellen white , red signal ( referring to the colors of the Austrian flag ) of hope " to other European countries .   Europe reacts , A win for Hofer would have made Austria the first nation with a    head of state in Western Europe since the end of World War II . The leader of France ’s    National Front , Marine Le Pen , congratulated Hofer ’s Freedom Party for fighting " with courage . Hofer   " The next legislative elections will be their victory , " she said on Twitter .   The next legislative elections Europe survive the Trump effect ? Meanwhile , German Foreign Minister    Steinmeier said in a Twitter post that the " whole of Europe has heaved a sigh of relief " at the Europe . French President Francois Hollande also congratulated Van der Bellen in a statement , saying " The Austrian people have chosen Europe , and they have chosen to be open . Europe European Parliament The Austrian people Martin Schulz tweeted that Van der Bellen ’s victory was " a heavy defeat of nationalism and      populism . " Populist groundswell , Van der Bellen , a     economist whose parents spent time in a refugee camp before settling in Austria , has championed liberal migration policies .   He is an outspoken supporter of gay marriage , and Van der Bellen his age , he has young fans who organized dance Van der Bellen in his Van der Bellen . In contrast , Hofer ’s party had Van der Bellen on a populist groundswell sweeping Van der Bellen caused by the European Union ’s failure to make progress in the ongoing economic and migrant crises . On Sunday , after casting his ballot , Van der Bellen said the Austrian election was " of significance for all of Europe . "    " Outside of Austria , the election is perceived as something that does not only concern the Austrian election , " he said .   Following his victory in May , which Van der Bellen later annulled , Van Van der Bellen Bellen told CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour that Europe " Van der Bellen " the growing popularity of    parties in Europe Europe There were concerns in Brussels that Austria was on track to become Europe next " euroskeptic " state , with Hofer indicating support early in his campaign for a referendum , like Britain ’s " Brexit " vote , Hofer the country ’s membership in the EU . But Hofer softened his position on the EU , saying he preferred to stay in Hofer reformed Hofer union . the EU 