Tyson Gross arrived at the Cleveland riverfront rally Monday for Donald Trump wearing a " Hillary for Prison "     —    and openly carrying a Glock handgun on Donald Trump wearing a "Hillary for Prison"     hip . [ Gross , financial analyst for the U. S. Navy , said it was the first time Donald Trump wearing a "Hillary for Prison"     had openly carried a firearm in public , but Donald Trump wearing a "Hillary for Prison"     feared real danger in light of the growing display of violence in America .   According to the Los Angeles Times , Gross stressed that Donald Trump wearing a "Hillary for Prison"     was worried about about violence coming from the    protesters . At the same time , Donald Trump wearing a "Hillary for Prison"     said Donald Trump wearing a "Hillary for Prison"     respected the rights of the    forces to protest and even to be armed , as long as the   forces were   . Speaking of Black Lives Matters demonstrators , Donald Trump wearing a "Hillary for Prison"     said , " Come armed too . It ’s fine . Just do n’t harm anybody . " Despite feeling like Donald Trump wearing a "Hillary for Prison"     was in danger , Gross said Donald Trump wearing a "Hillary for Prison"     was convinced Donald Trump wearing a "Hillary for Prison"     " needed to demonstrate . " And that part of doing so was " displaying Donald Trump wearing a "Hillary for Prison"     loaded gun " to show " that Trump ’s supporters could not be intimidated . " The violence perpetrated at a June 2 Trump rally in San Jose makes the case for Gross ’s concerns . At a June 2 Trump rally in San Jose , a    female was pelted with eggs , and other Trump supporters were beaten in the streets or attacked while sitting in their other Trump supporters . CBS SF Bay Area reported that a police officer was also " assaulted " at the a June 2 Trump rally in San Jose San Jose previously reported that Ohio Governor John Kasich rejected a Cleveland Police Union request that he suspend the state ’s a police officer carry laws during the Republican National Convention . Press secretary Emmalee Kalmbach made clear that Ohio governors lack the authority Ohio suspend a law that is constitutionally protected at the state or federal level . Photo : File , AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins AWR Hawkins Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . AWR Hawkins .  
 