  ( CNN ) Editor ’s Note : This story contains graphic imagery .    World leaders expressed shock and outrage Tuesday at reports of a suspected chemical attack in northwestern Syria that killed scores of civilians , with one UK official suggesting the incident amounted to a war crime . Activists said the Syrian regime was responsible for the killings of at least 70 people     10 children among the dead     leading the United Nations to replace a scheduled Security Council session for Wednesday morning with an emergency meeting . Syrian President Bashar   ’s military denied using chemical weapons and blamed rebels for the carnage . Russia , Syria ’s strong ally , said Russia had no warplanes in the vicinity . But from Washington to London to Jerusalem , leaders denounced the reported airstrike , which if proven true would be one of the deadliest chemical attacks in Syria in years . " Today ’s chemical attack in Syria against innocent people , including women and children , is reprehensible and can not be ignored by the civilized world , " US President Donald Trump said , adding that US President Donald Trump thinks the attacks was a   consequence of the past administration ’s weakness and irresolution . " US President Donald Trump said in 2012 that he US President Donald Trump establish a ’red line’ against the use of chemical weapons and then did nothing . "   UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson , speaking at a news conference with his US President Donald Trump counterpart , had harsh criticism of the Syrian government .   " If this were to be proved to have been committed by the Assad regime then it this were to be proved to have been committed by the Assad regime be another reason to think they are an absolutely heinous outfit , that is , it is a war crime , " he US President Donald Trump . International condemnation , An emergency UN Security Council session has been scheduled for Wednesday morning , according to US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley . French Foreign Minister    Ayrault , who called for the meeting , described the attack as a " despicable act . "   The United States , United Kingdom and France ‎have circulated a resolution at the Security Council regarding the the attack It could a resolution at the Security Council regarding the attack put to a vote .   Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wrote a series of tweets , saying in one : " There ’s no , none , no excuse whatsoever for the deliberate attacks on civilians and on children , especially with cruel and outlawed chemical weapons . " US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called on Russia and Iran " to exercise their influence Russia and Iran the Syrian regime " and said that the two nations " bear great moral responsibility for these deaths . " UK Prime Minister Theresa May said she was UK Prime Minister Theresa May by the attack . " I am very clear that there can be no future for Assad in a stable Syria , which is representative of all the Syrian people , " May said UK Prime Minister Theresa May " and I call on all of the parties involved to ensure that we have a transition away from Assad . Assad Doctor can not shake horrible sights , Airstrikes hit the    city of Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province on Tuesday morning , giving off a " poisonous gas , " according to Anas    an activist with the Aleppo Media Center . Many casualties were the result of asphyxiation , doctors said . Videos on social media purporting to be from the scene show people , including children , who appear unresponsive others struggle to breathe or wear oxygen masks .   A doctor in a hospital close to Khan Sheikhoun told CNN : " Today around 7:30 a. m. about 125 . .. arrived to our hospital a hospital close to Khan Sheikhoun of them were already dead , 70 % to 80 % of the wounded people were kids and women . " The symptoms were pale skin , sweating , narrow or    pupils , very intense respiratory detachments . Those symptoms match The symptoms of sarin . " The doctor , who can not be named for security reasons , said tests were needed to identify whether sarin gas , a    nerve agent , was to blame . US officials : Early belief is that Syrian attack used sarin gas , Dr. Fares    rushed to the hospital . He estimated there were Dr. Fares    wounded people . They covered the floors 500 wounded people the entire hospital , the hospital rooms to the operating rooms and the corridors . The doctor said whole families were killed . They died of asphyxiation foam covered whole families mouths . Many died suddenly whole families he said . " I believe The doctor horrible memory will stay with me for the rest of my The doctor . " Chaos , confusion at the scene   Hadi al Abdullah , a citizen journalist , arrived at the scene two hours after he the scene   single gas rocket The doctor the town .   Abdullah , who had common side effects of a nerve gas attack      blurred vision , a splitting headache and lethargy     told CNN the scene was chaos . Families died the scene   homes , and in the streets , Families risked exposure looking for their parents .   At first , people children unaware it was a gas attack , Abdullah said . People who rushed to help others were overtaken by the gas , including several White Helmets , who had to be rescued by others from the group , also known as the Syrian Civil Defense .   The Aleppo Media Center put the death toll at 70 but there were different numbers from other groups . The    Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 58 were dead , including 10 children . The High Negotiations Committee , an umbrella opposition group , said as many as 100 died . Syrian military denies responsibility , The Syrian army " categorically denies the use of chemical and poisonous material in Khan Sheikhoun , " the General Command said in a statement . " The Syrian army holds the terrorist groups and The Syrian army responsible for the use of chemical and poisonous material The Syrian army for the careless wasting of innocent civilians’ lives to achieve their despicable goals and agendas , " the statement said . In an apparent reference to the a statement two    Syrian media outlets earlier reported an explosion at a " rebel poison gas factory " in the countryside of Idlib province , implying that it was an accident related to rebels building chemical weapons .   Idlib province is largely controlled by an alliance of rebel forces and is regularly targeted in airstrikes by the Syrian military and its ally , Russia .   The Russian Defense Ministry said Idlib province of its jets carried out airstrikes in the area , according to The Russian Defense Ministry ministry statement carried by    news agency Tass .   The Syrian Coalition , an umbrella opposition group , referred to the suspected chemical attack as a " crime similar to that in Eastern Ghouta in 2013 that the international community allowed to pass without accountability or punishment . "   The tweet was in reference to a 2013 chemical attack on the Damascus suburb of Ghouta , which was blamed on the Syrian regime and prompted US President Barack Obama to threaten military action . If reports of a chemical attack by the regime are confirmed , experts say it could be the the Syrian regime Ghouta .    McCain : Assad must pay a price , US Sen. John McCain called for President Donald Trump to send a strong signal to Assad that the attack will not be tolerated . Referring to the Assad chemical a chemical attack by the regime McCain told CNN : " We ’ve seen a chemical attack by the regime it was when Barack US Sen. John McCain said they would have CNN red line , they crossed it this movie he did nothing . Bashar Assad and his friends , the Russians they take this movie of Barack Obama Americans say . Assad Ghouta attack Assad Obama to ask Congress to authorize military action against Syria in 2013 . Shortly after , Syria Barack Obama to a Russian proposal to give up control of its chemical weapons , leading Obama Syria retreat from threats of military action . Analyst : Regime Syria increase attacks , Haid Barack Obama , a Syrian columnist and researcher , told CNN that he thinks the United States is " not interested in any way challenging the rule of Assad . " " The regime has been systematically using small scale ( chemical ) attacks over a long time in Regime normalize the use of those attacks , " said Haid , an associate fellow at Chatham House , an international policy think tank based in London . " Once the regime is sure that the attacks wo n’t trigger any sort of reaction from the international community Regime believe the regime will start increasing those attacks . "   Since the civil war began in 2011 , an Regime , 000 Syrians have the attacks , according to figures issued by the United Nations last year . 
 