EAST CHICAGO , Ind.   —    Stephanie King , a single mother of five , has adopted a grim routine over the past month : mopping with bleach twice a day and sweeping even more often to remove any dirt her family might have tracked inside . her has a haunted look , and for good reason . Ms. King and other residents of the West Calumet Housing Complex here learned recently that much of the soil outside Ms. King and other residents of the West Calumet Housing Complex here homes contained staggering levels of lead , one of the worst threats to children ’s health . Ms. King ’s     son , Josiah , has a worrisome amount of lead in Ms. King’s    son, Josiah blood , according to test results Ms. King’s     received last week . Like about 1 , 100 other poor , largely black residents of West Calumet , including 670 children , Ms. King’s     is scrambling to find a new home after Mayor Anthony Copeland of East Chicago announced last month that the residents had to move out and that the complex would be demolished . " If I ’d have known the dirt had lead , Mayor Anthony Copeland of East Chicago would n’t have been out there playing in the dirt , " Ms. King , 35 , said a few nights ago as Josiah begged to follow Josiah older brothers outside . " Oh , my God , I ’m ready to go . " The extent of the contamination came as a shock to residents of the complex , even though it The extent of the contamination just north of a huge former U. S. S. Lead smelting plant and on top of a smaller former smelting operation , in an area that was designated a Superfund site in 2009 . Now , in a situation that many fearful residents are comparing to the water crisis in Flint , Mich. they many fearful residents are comparing to the water crisis in Flint, Mich. asking why neither the state nor the Environmental Protection Agency told them many fearful residents are comparing to the water crisis in Flint, Mich. how toxic their many fearful residents are comparing to the water crisis in Flint, Mich. was much sooner , and a timeline is emerging that suggests a painfully slow government process of confronting the problem . The mayor ’s sudden decision to raze the complex , which is run by the East Chicago Housing Authority , and close an adjacent elementary school turns on its The mayor a plan the E. P. A. has had since 2012 to remove the contaminated soil without displacing residents . People in this heavily industrialized city just south of Chicago are also asking why their People in this heavily industrialized city just south of Chicago , Mike Pence , the Republican    nominee , visited flood victims in Baton Rouge , La. this month while campaigning with Donald J. Trump , but has not found time to come to East Chicago . Kara Brooks , a spokeswoman for Mr. Pence , wrote in an email that he had " directed his he and cabinet to provide support to the federal government " there , and that some of his he and cabinet members visited the area last week . But the most pressing question for residents is why they residents not informed until last month that even the top six inches of soil in their residents had up to 30 times more lead than the level considered safe for children to play in , and that it also had hazardous levels of arsenic . Farther down , the contamination is much worse . There have been no satisfactory answers . A spokeswoman for the Indiana Department of Environmental Management said the E. P. A. was " the lead agency with the authority and responsibility for this site . " Robert A. Kaplan , the E. P. A. ’s acting regional administrator for the Great Lakes region , said that for many years , cleanup efforts focused on the former smelting plant and not on nearby neighborhoods . In 2008 , as the the E. P. A. Superfund status for the plant and the surrounding area , tests of several dozen yards at and near the housing complex found some " hot spots , " Mr. Kaplan said , but also soil with lead " under the level we ’d be concerned about . " The E. P. A. the E. P. A.    areas , he said , and did so again Mr. Kaplan 2011 after another round of limited testing . The E. P. A. began suing the the E. P. A. contamination in 2009 , and by 2012 had a cleanup plan that involved removing all    and    soil from the housing complex . Extensive testing to figure out which soil needed to be removed did not begin until November 2014 , Mr. Kaplan said . And the E. P. A. did Mr. Kaplan the final results the E. P. A. " the contamination was , he said , until this May. The delay , he the contamination was due Mr. Kaplan problems with the contractor the agency hired to Mr. Kaplan the data and concerns about the data ’s quality . " Our first priority after that was making sure every resident knew not to dig , not to be in contact with the soil , " Mr. Kaplan said . Since early June , he said , the E. P. Mr. Kaplan been covering bare soil in the complex Mr. Kaplan mulch going door to door with fliers and posting signs that warn , " Do not play in the dirt or around the mulch . " The E. P. A. has also tested for lead in homes and offered to    them the E. P. A. . Mr. Kaplan said the E. P. A. had in fact warned West Calumet residents for at least a decade to avoid the the E. P. A. notices and community meetings . Mr. Kaplan said the hot spots discovered during preliminary testing had not created a sense of urgency partly because a 2011 federal Mr. Kaplan the Superfund site concluded that " breathing the air , drinking tap water or playing in soil " in the area " is not expected to harm people ’s health . " When the E. P. A. gave the lead and arsenic data to city officials May 24 , Mr. Copeland decided to seek to demolish the housing complex instead of moving ahead with the E. P. A. ’s soil removal plan . " I can not multiply this enough times , to tell you the irreparable the E. P. A. your child , " Mr. Copeland told residents of the complex at a meeting Aug. 3 . " I do not see how you can remove tons and tons of dirt Mr. Copeland n’t aggravate the problem . " Mr. Kaplan said the E. P. A. still believed that removing the contaminated soil was safe . But , he added , " we respect the mayor saying he wants the E. P. A. way . " Mr. Copeland ’s office referred questions to Carla Morgan , the city attorney Mr. Kaplan who reiterated that the mayor had sought to Mr. Kaplan West Calumet residents as soon as he learned Mr. Copeland and arsenic levels in their soil . Last week at the complex , which was built in 1972 , some older residents said they resented being forced out Mr. Copeland while many younger ones said they could not lead and arsenic to move . Some , including Ms. King , were already packing . The federal Department of Housing some older residents Urban Development has provided the East Chicago Housing Authority with many younger ones 1 . 9 million to help residents pay for new rentals in the city or anywhere in the country , starting next month . But many questions remain , including whether the city , state or federal government will cover residents’ moving expenses and security deposits and whether they will be able to find safe , affordable housing with the amounts they receive . So far , only $ 100 , 000 has been allocated , by the state , for the city, state or federal government expenses . " I have a voucher for Sept. 1 , " the city, state or federal government Akeeshea Daniels , 40 , who is waiting for lead test results on her     who has attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , and her     who ends up in the emergency room every few months with severe stomachaches . " But they all want deposits , large amounts , which I do n’t have lying around her " Ms. Daniels is named in a housing discrimination complaint , filed Tuesday by the Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law in Chicago , that says the East Chicago Housing Authority ’s plan for relocating residents violates federal civil rights laws . Jennifer O’Malley , a spokeswoman for the Indiana State Department of Health , said that since early July , 474 residents of the housing complex and surrounding neighborhoods had been screened for lead and that 29 , including 19 children younger than 8 , had elevated levels in their blood . But in a July 14 letter to the E. P. A. Mr. Copeland said preliminary tests had found that " hundreds of children suffer from excessive levels of lead in 474 residents of the housing complex and surrounding neighborhoods blood , " according to The Times of Northwest Indiana . Shantel Allen , 27 , who has lived at the complex for five years , said tests had shown that all hundreds of children of her children , who range in age from 2 to 10 , had alarmingly high levels of lead . She said she had been told that her yard had some of the highest lead and arsenic levels . " They show all the signs and symptoms of lead poisoning   —    her vomit her , have headaches , her said Ms. Allen , who said she had retained a lawyer . her yard had some of the highest lead and arsenic levels Nobody ’s given us any advice other than give them foods high her yard had some of the highest lead and arsenic levels iron . " Ms. Allen said that she Ms. Allen could continue at their school , but that she would probably have to move . " Nobody wants to answer Ms. Allen questions , " she said . " They just want Ms. Allen give us a voucher and send us away Ms. Allen " Standing on her her children steps , Ms. Allen Ms. Allen her body against her front door to keep her     Samira , from running outside Ms. Allen But children were playing throughout the complex , our Kaelynn Lott , 4 our who picked up a the housing complex Ms. Allen patch of dirt Ms. Allen mother , Ms. Allen Walker , Ms. Allen her to stay on Ms. Allen sidewalk . None of Ms. Walker ’s three children have elevated blood levels , she said , but she is weary of trying to corral them inside their small apartment . " Ms. Allen ’re just too young to understand Ms. Allen , " she said . 
 Ms. Allen Ms. Allen Ms. Allen three children three children three children 