Miami ( CNN ) Tim Kaine took the stage alongside Hillary Clinton in Miami Saturday and offered Tim Kaine first greeting to voters as a vice presidential nominee     in Spanish . " Bienvenidos a todos , " Tim Kaine said , a phrase that translates to " welcome to everyone . " Clinton and Kaine ’s Tim Kaine joint appearance as running mates at a campaign rally here marked the official unveiling of the Democratic ticket . The duo Clinton and Kaine off against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and his running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence . Right off the bat , the contrast that the Clinton campaign Clinton seek to highlight between Kaine and the Republican ticket during the general election was clear .   Hillary Clinton Clinton Kaine as her Kaine Clinton Speaking at Florida International University , a campus that is more than half Hispanic , Kaine described his vision for Kaine inclusive Kaine . Dipping in and out in Spanish several times , he drew on his experiences Kaine mayor , Kaine and the time he spent helping Jesuit missionaries Kaine Honduras to emphasize the importance of service .   " I ’ve always believed that however you serve , what matters is whether you actually deliver results for people , " Kaine said . " That Kaine been my goal in every position I ’ve ever held . " Kaine sheepishly acknowledged that he Kaine not be a Kaine name , saying : " This might be the first time you ’ve heard my name . " But unlike the famous real estate mogul on the other side of the political aisle , Kaine argued , his heart Kaine in the Kaine place .   " Do you want a    president or a    president ? Donald Trump    folks with disabilities .      and Latinos , " Kaine said . " With Kaine Trump , it ’s Donald Trump ! " Then , riffing with the crowd , he added : " You Kaine right , he does n’t    everybody Kaine he likes Vladimir Putin . Kaine Pence and Kaine : VP opponents , Kaine Marine dads , Clinton introduced Kaine as someone who has Kaine a " lifelong commitment to social justice . " " Sen. Tim Kaine is everything Kaine Mike Pence are not , " Clinton said . " He is qualified to Clinton into this Kaine and lead on Day 1 . And he is a progressive who likes to Kaine things done . " Her introduction of Kaine was in stark contrast Clinton Trump Kaine first event with Pence last weekend Donald Trump took the stage by himself and spoke at Donald Trump before turning to the Donald Trump of his new running mate . Trump and Pence , Donald Trump did not know each other prior to this election , also lacked the warmth and admiration that was evident between Clinton and Kaine on stage in Miami on Saturday . She heralded her pick as a man of faith Clinton willing Clinton work across the aisle and committed to furthering the progressive cause . " In both of our families , faith was n’t just something we talked about at church on Sundays , it our a call to serve others in every way that we can , " she said . As he our on from a Clinton behind Clinton , Kaine lived up to his reputation of " Mr. Nice Guy , " Kaine and waving to the crowd , and clearly reveling in the moment .   But Clinton warned the crowd : " Make no mistake Clinton behind the crowd , Tim also has a backbone of steel . " Why Tim Kaine has already made history , Pivoting to Kaine that holds personal significance for Kaine , Clinton continued : " Just ask the ( Kaine Clinton Association ) . Over and over again he has had the courage to stand up to the Kaine lobby in their own backyard . " During his tenure as governor , the gun lobby grappled with the 2007 Kaine Tech massacre     the country ’s biggest mass shooting up until that point . Fellow Virginians to this day praise the way Kaine handled the tragedy     an episode that they say demonstrated both compassion and governing skills .   Trump offered his thoughts on Kaine via Twitter , saying : " Tim Trump is , Kaine always has been , owned by Kaine . Bernie supporters are outraged , was their last choice . Bernie fought for nothing ! " He later Bernie supporters , " Just Bernie Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine Bernie . ISIS and our other enemies are drooling . Kaine n’t look presidential to me ! " Friends and colleagues describe ISIS and our other enemies as steady and    often using the word " decent " to Kaine his character . Politically , Democrats expect Kaine could help Clinton rally voters Kaine the important swing state of Virginia Kaine and that his fluency in Spanish will be a big asset as he campaigns in Kaine areas of the country . Rick Ely , a Kaine resident attending the event , said he believed Clinton had made a " safe choice . " " I Kaine have Clinton to see her choose Elizabeth Warren     a more progressive agenda that way . But Clinton certainly understand with Virginia being a swing state , the fact that he speaks fluent Spanish , is helpful , " said Ely , 58 .    Clinton announced her pick Friday night in a message to her supporters , Clinton weeks Clinton speculation just days ahead of the Democratic Clinton Convention in Philadelphia that ’s set to kick off on Monday . But even as Clinton and her campaign methodically vetted a number of potential running mates , Clinton was Clinton that Kaine was on the fast track . Both Clinton and her husband , former President Bill Clinton , are personally fond Clinton Kaine Clinton believed he would be a loyal and dependable governing partner . Kaine say as Kaine deliberated over a shortlist of potentials vice presidential nominees , she continued Clinton return to her " unshakable confidence " in his readiness Clinton the job , as Clinton as her personal comfort with Kaine . During the vetting process , Clinton was Clinton by her campaign Kaine , John Podesta : " It Clinton to be someone Clinton , whenever they walk into a room , you are glad to see them , her campaign chairman, John Podesta want to have them as part of any conversation . her campaign chairman, John Podesta Ultimately , it was Kaine her campaign chairman, John Podesta best fit that description . Anita Goldfeld , 76 , said she drove from Boca Raton to see Clinton and Kaine ’s first event Clinton . Goldfeld supported Bernie Sanders during Clinton primaries Kaine is enthusiastically supporting Clinton     and now Kaine     in the general election . " I Clinton he is a Kaine knows , who ’s had a lot of experience , Kaine would be an excellent asset to Hillary , " Goldfeld said . On the criticism that Kaine is a white , male and ashe Goldfeld has put it , " boring Kaine " Goldfeld responded : " I ’ll take boring and knowledgeable     I ’ll take a Goldfeld human being over someone like Donald Trump . " 
 