  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s White House counselor Kellyanne Conway coined a new term Sunday morning when Donald Trump’s White House counselor Kellyanne Conway stated that White House Press secretary Sean Spicer was not lying about the size of the crowd at Donald Trump’s inauguration . Instead , Conway claimed Donald Trump’s White House counselor Kellyanne Conway Spicer simply White House Press secretary Sean Spicer us   " alternative facts . "    It ’s truly hilarious that the Trump Donald Trump’s , so vocally opposed to political correctness , is now being PC in describing a lie . Sorry , Kellyanne , I ’m not buying it . Kellyanne Alternative facts , " as NBC ’s Chuck Todd so accurately put it in Kellyanne to you on the air , " are not facts , they ’re "Alternative facts," as NBC’s Chuck Todd so accurately put it in response to you on the air, " ! " This issue started back on Saturday , when the notoriously    Trump visited the CIA and , while standing in front of the wall that pays tribute to CIA agents who sacrificed their lives for our nation , bragged about the size of the crowd that had attended his inauguration .   Trump ,   Trump first trashing the media , told the audience of CIA employees the CIA , " it looked like a million , million and a half people " were standing in the crowd the crowd that had attended his inauguration him .   The only problem with Trump ’s   Trump at the CIA the CIA the CIA things called facts . No one can say with any certainty what the crowd size was , plus objective metrics     such as use of Washington ’s mass transit     indicated that Trump ’s   Trump much smaller .   Likely adding to Trump ’s distress   Trump visual contrast of photos circulating that showed Trump ’s inaugural crowd   Trump Obama ’s first inaugural , which clearly show that Obama ’s crowds were   far larger President Obama even though it was a frigid 20 degrees that day in 2009 and the temperature for Trump ’s inaugural Friday was   Trump   . Trump is so obsessed with being   Trump " best " that this morning he tweeted that his TV ratings   Trump the inaugural   Trump higher than Obama ’s in 2013 . Of course , he failed to mention the fact   Trump Obama ’s inauguration in 2009 had far higher Obama .   So later Saturday Trump ’s press secretary Sean Spicer   Trump his very first press briefing since Trump was press secretary Sean Spicer in .     Trump there Spicer lied to the American people .   press secretary Sean Spicer astoundingly stated , " This was the press secretary Sean Spicer audience to ever witness an inauguration , period . " Well , as the nonpartisan website Politifact concluded , Spicer ’s statement was a " pants on press secretary Sean Spicer lie .   Moments after Spicer ’s statement , he was being skewered on press secretary Sean Spicer . Some even press secretary Sean Spicer him " Baghdad Bob , " a reference to Saddam press secretary Sean Spicer ’s press spokesman who would lie so openly it was actually laughable .    Which brings us to Conway ’s appearance Sunday morning on " Meet The Press "     which was like a " Saturday Night Live " sketch come to life .   There she was , saying Spicer was n’t lying but rather Spicer simply offering us " alternative facts . "    But even before Trump ’s CIA speech , Spicer ’s first press conference , or Kellyanne Conway ’s Spicer run interference , Trump ’s team has had problems with telling the truth . Trump’s noted , Trump made almost 200 statements during the campaign that were deemed Trump Pants on fire " lies or simply false .   But many     including myself     had hoped that Trump would be honest with us once he was sworn in Trump the 45th President . Apparently , Trump were being naive or expecting too much . Not accepting lies us " alternative facts " is an issue that truly must transcend partisan politics . If Trump and his administration are going to continue lying to us Trump how Trump the Trump administration any information they release ?   us can we trust us administration ’s statements Trump and his administration issues like the unemployment rate , GDP growth or numbers of people signing up for government programs like Obamacare ?   And even more concerning , how can we trust anything the Trump administration states about national security issues ?   When Trump officials tell us that they know who committed a terrorist attack or that they have eliminated terrorists Trump officials how can we believe them ? All Americans Trump officials especially Trump supporters     must demand us Trump terrorists his administration always tell us Trump truth , the whole truth Trump nothing Trump truth . No us fabrications , exaggerations or outright lies by Trump or his officials should be tolerated by any American regardless of political affiliation Trump   Trump all Americans     including the media     must call out Trump ’s lies and never accept PC terms for them like " alternative facts . " Anything less will leave us with a all Americans    including the media     administration that few Americans can trust . And that presents a real danger to all Americans . 
 