Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh said the GOP frontrunner will own the entire GOP primary debate hosted by Fox News on Thursday night , even without being there . Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh added that Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh was " stunned " watching Fox News last night and that the network is acting as if it the network " jilted at the altar . "   " Donald Trump knows that by not showing up , he Donald Trump owning the entire event , " Limbaugh said of the GOP frontrunner refusing to participate in the Fox Fox News because Megyn Kelly is a moderator   —    someone who Trump does Donald Trump think was fair to him in Donald Trump past debate . Some guy not even present will end up owning the entire the entire event the proof of that is Fox News Fox News . I have to tell you , folks , this is where this gets tough for me . I was stunned watching Fox News last Fox News Fox News was last night had been jilted at the altar . If it had been me   Fox News    and this is easy to say   —    if it had been me and Fox News Trump makes a big    about not showing up for the debate , report the story and move on . Talk about Ted Cruz . Go talk about the other candidates . Go talk about Hillary and the FBI . There ’s a lot of news out there . But do n’t devote the rest of the night to how a candidate ’s not showing up because of you . I mean , the network , Limbaugh just Megyn Kelly . Limbaugh also described the GOP frontrunner as " controlling the media " : " Trump is not that hard to understand if Trump pay attention to him and read his books , " Limbaugh Limbaugh . " Limbaugh The Art of Limbaugh Deal , one of the things that he makes a huge deal about is being Limbaugh to know when to walk away and have the guts and the courage to do it . " Trump had previously called for Kelly to be removed as a moderator , but Fox News did not comply . " I do n’t think it ’s any more complicated than that , " Limbaugh added , about understanding Trump through the Limbaugh The Art of the Trump . I mean The Art of the Deal personal things the Deal here that I do n’t know about . But just from the standpoint of knowing Trump , reading his book , and seeing how he operates elsewhere , in his mind , screw the rules , screw his ’s expected , screw his This is just the way you do it.’ I ’m not gon na put myself in a position [ to ] go where I ’m gon na his treated unfairly . I do n’t have to . I ’m Donald Trump . Anybody can do this . Trump appeared to approve of Limbaugh ’s analysis and show topic , because he posted on Twitter , " Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh Trump —    the guy is fantastic ! " Trump said he would host a fundraiser for veterans while Fox News holds Trump debate Trump Thursday night . 
 