  ( CNN ) In his first address to Congress , President Donald Trump teed up President Donald Trump $ 20 billion dollar voucher program , which President Donald Trump first announced on the campaign trail , for newly installed Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos to implement .   This is the same Betsy DeVos who inexplicably said in a written statement a day earlier that historically black colleges and universities are " real pioneers " of school choice . HBCUs emerged during a time when blacks were not allowed to attend white institutions     blacks did n’t have a choice .   The Every Student Succeeds Act , a federal education law passed last year , was designed to prevent overreach by a secretary of education . The Every Student Succeeds Act prohibits a secretary of education from imposing national standards . The Every Student Succeeds Act also limits a clearly unprepared DeVos who , during her DeVos hearing , defended school personnel carrying guns to prevent potential grizzly bear attacks . She DeVos equivocated on whether she DeVos uphold the 2011 Title IX guidance of the Office of Civil Rights to help protect victims of sexual assault on campus . Still , our secretary of education must start somewhere . Given the policy restrictions and her DeVos of depth , DeVos should begin her DeVos by reforming the educational options that she DeVos create as an advocate for charter schools and vouchers .   After more than 25 years of charter development , it ’s almost cliché to say " the research is mixed . " In particular , charter schools on average are as effective as their charter schools on average peers and look amazingly similar to their charter schools on average school neighbors . Ironically , the previous administration ’s crusade for charters led to an expansion of generic schools that did n’t offer quality alternatives . When charters differentiate themselves charters offering specialized academic programs , they charters they charters add value . Instead of expanding mediocrity , she should encourage true innovation among charters that addresses the chronic problems that were hurting families before the proliferation of the sector : suspension and expulsion , inadequate services for special needs students and limited course offerings in urban schools . Still , DeVos will have to deliver on Trump ’s campaign promises and that will probably involve some type of voucher program . On the campaign trail , Trump Trump’s his Trump’s budget would include an additional $ 20 billion to create block grants that states could use to allow those dollars to follow a child to a school of their those dollars choosing . Through her Trump’s , the American Federation for Children and the American Federation Growth Fund , DeVos sponsors and advocates for over two dozen programs ( vouchers and   ) in seventeen states and the District of Columbia .    Voucher proponents argue that competition can help lift educational outcomes . Vouchers are intended to empower families that ca n’t afford the tuition of private schools . You ’ll hear that theory in the rallying cries of the charter movement : "   families should have the same educational options as the wealthy , " and " families should n’t be trapped in failing [ public ] schools . " But DeVos’ policies must explicitly address the flaws in that theory in the rallying cries of the charter movement she ’s sincere about providing quality options . When it comes to giving parents options , DeVos must acknowledge they are parents options the only ones doing the choosing . Private schools do n’t have to enroll voucher students . Ostensibly , the most selective schools do n’t take vouchers , and they have the most selective schools incentive to do so . Many private and    schools were founded ( for good and bad reasons ) to serve particular populations .   If DeVos wants DeVos ensure fair access to all schools , she should DeVos the Department of Education ’s Office of Civil Rights , the interagency department whose mission is " to ensure equal access to education . " Her evasiveness DeVos her confirmation DeVos on the future of that office seems at odds with the goal of expanding access . Potential cuts to the Department of Education budget wo n’t help matters . In addition , educational underperformance in the United States is n’t driven by public schools alone . DeVos must assume private schools to be as much a problem as she considers DeVos solutions private schools Many private schools should close . In my home state of Louisiana , one of the    in the country , findings from an analysis of the state ’s voucher program shows it " the state’s voucher program a negative impact on participating students’ academic achievement in the first two years of its operation the state’s voucher program most clearly in math . " This follows a slew of similar findings .   DeVos should learn from the Bayou state , which in a political rush opened up the private school market much too carelessly . Schools must be held accountable at the front and back ends . To give families quality private options , states must thoroughly vet schools that want to participate . States must also make those findings public so families can be as knowledgeable about their private families as they are families their public families ( which in many cases also do n’t present enough information about quality ) .   If private and    schools want public money and live up to the promise of providing options , they need private and   schools be more public . In addition , vouchers should n’t be given to people who do n’t need them     vouchers middle class . Trump emphasized this point in his joint Trump . Compelling states to limit eligibility of vouchers to    families will be difficult with the Every Student Succeeds Act . Even more difficult , limiting eligibility would have DeVos go against her own DeVos .   Influenced by the advocacy of    organizations and campaign contributions ,   . Mike Pence raised the income ceiling . Those changes made Indiana ’s voucher program the largest in the country , including 32 , 000 participants who never attended a public school , and the number of    black participants declined dramatically . It ’s unlikely DeVos would argue against what has become a middle class benefit in the Vice President ’s home state .   Just as many state merit scholarships for college have become middle class entitlements , hamstringing state budgets , so will vouchers if DeVos does DeVos encourage regulation     something she did DeVos do in Detroit , whose educational system the Detroit Free Press described as a " laughingstock " and the " wild west . " DeVos lobbied DeVos against various accountability measures and regulations that have proven to increase performance in places like New Orleans . DeVos does DeVos have the knowledge , expertise or authority to revolutionize education . But she already DeVos influence on the mediocre reform programs she helped DeVos . She should DeVos expand choice as a start . Cleaning up her own DeVos would be real progress .    
 