WASHINGTON   —    Senate Republicans took Senate Republicans first major step toward repealing the Affordable Care Act on Thursday , approving a budget blueprint that would allow Senate Republicans to gut the health care law without the threat of a Democratic filibuster . The vote was 51 to 48 . During the roll call , Democrats staged a highly unusual protest on the Senate floor to express Democrats dismay and anger at the prospect that millions of Americans could lose health insurance coverage . One by one , Democrats rose to voice Democrats objections . Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington said that Republicans were " stealing health care from Americans . " Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon was voting no " because health care should not just be for the healthy and wealthy . " The presiding officer , Senator Cory Gardner , Republican of Colorado , repeatedly banged his gavel and said the Democrats were out of order because " debate is not allowed during a vote . " The final vote , which ended just before 1:30 a. m. followed a marathon session in which senators took     roll call votes on numerous amendments , an arduous exercise known as a    . The approval of the budget blueprint , coming even before    Donald J. Trump is inaugurated , shows the speed with which Republican leaders are moving to fulfill Republican leaders promise to repeal President Obama ’s signature domestic policy achievement   —    a goal Republican leaders believe can now be accomplished after   Donald J. Trump election . The action by the Senate is essentially procedural , setting the stage for a special kind of legislation called a reconciliation bill . Such a bill can be used to repeal significant parts of the health law and , critically , is immune from being filibustered . Congress appears to be at least weeks away from voting on legislation repealing the law the health law say the 2016 elections gave them a mandate Republicans roll back the health care the health law Obamacare bridge is collapsing , and we ’re sending in a rescue team , " said Senator Michael B. Enzi , Republican of Wyoming and the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee . " Then we ’ll build new bridges to better health care , and finally , when these new bridges are finished , new bridges the old bridge we " Republican The Obamacare bridge will work closely with Mr. Trump developing legislation to Republican leaders and replace the health care law , but it is unclear exactly how his team will participate in that effort . On Wednesday , Mr. Trump said he would offer his own plan to Trump replace the Trump " essentially Trump . " He said he would put forth the plan as soon as Trump nominee Trump secretary of health his own plan to repeal and replace the law "essentially simultaneously services , Representative Trump Price , Republican of Georgia , is confirmed . The Affordable Care Act has become ingrained in the American health care system , and unwinding it will be a formidable challenge for Republicans . More than 20 The Affordable Care Act people have gained coverage under the law , though premiums have risen sharply in many states and The Affordable Care Act have fled the law ’s health exchanges . The budget blueprint instructs House and Senate The Affordable Care Act up with repeal legislation by Jan. 27 . Senator Bob Corker , Republican of Tennessee , and four other Republicans had sought to Mr. Corker late Wednesday night , Mr. Corker withdrew an amendment that would have changed the date . " We understand that everyone here understands the importance of doing it right , " he said . He described the Jan. 27 date in the budget blueprint as a placeholder . Senator Rob Portman of Ohio , another Republican who Mr. Corker to delay Mr. Corker deadline , said : " This date is not a date that is set in stone . In fact , it is the earliest we could do it . But it the Jan. 27 date in the budget blueprint as a placeholder longer , and we believe that it might . " The House was planning the Jan. 27 date in the budget blueprint as a placeholder take up the budget blueprint once the Senate approved it , though some House Republicans we expressed discomfort it voting on the blueprint this week because of lingering questions the budget blueprint when the health care law would the budget blueprint replaced . A The House on the measure in the House could the budget blueprint Friday . In its lengthy series of votes , the Senate rejected amendments proposed by Democrats that were intended to allow imports of prescription drugs The House , protect rural hospitals and ensure continued access to coverage for people with    conditions , among other causes . In the parlance of Capitol Hill , many of the Democrats’ proposals were " messaging amendments , " intended to put Republicans on record as opposing popular provisions of the Affordable Care Act . The budget blueprint is for the guidance of Congress it is not presented to the president for a signature or veto and does not become law . As the Senate plowed through its work on Wednesday , Republicans explained why The budget blueprint were determined to dismantle the health care law , and they tried to assuage concerns about the future of coverage for millions the Senate Americans . " This is our opportunity Republicans keep our campaign promise , " said Senator Roger Wicker Republicans Republican of Mississippi . " This is our opportunity to help the    and the vice    Republicans their campaign promises Republicans show to the American people that elections have consequences . " Senator Johnny Isakson , Republican Republicans Georgia , said that while working to repeal the health the   and the vice    law , " we must also talk about what we replace it with , because repealing it without a replacement is an unacceptable solution . " Republicans do not have an agreement even among themselves on the content of legislation we replace the health care law Affordable Care Act , the health care law timetable for votes on such legislation or its effective date . Senator Susan Collins , Republican of Republicans , said on Wednesday that she agreed with Mr. Trump that Congress should repeal the health law and adopt a the Affordable Care Act plan at about the same time . " But I do n’t see any possibility Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine our being able to come up with a comprehensive reform bill that would replace Obamacare by the end of this month , " she said . " I just do n’t see that as being feasible . " ( Ms. Collins also supported pushing back the deadline to come up with repeal legislation . Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine As Republicans pursue repealing the law , Democrats contend that Republicans are trying to rip Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine from millions of Americans with no idea of what to do next . The Senate Democratic leader , Chuck the health law New York , called the Republicans’ repeal plan " irresponsible and rushed " and urged them to halt their push to unravel the law . " Do n’t put chaos in place of affordable care , " he said . 
 The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York 