  ( CNN ) Two Secret Service agents are facing an internal investigation over Two Secret Service agents alleged conduct last week while Two Secret Service agents protected a grandchild of President Donald Trump , people familiar with the matter tell  (CNN) . The actions of the two agents , who are assigned to the protective detail for the children of Donald Trump Jr. are being reviewed by the internal affairs division of Secret Service . The questions involve photographs the agents the two agents, who are assigned to the protective detail for the children of Donald Trump Jr. been taken of one of the children while the children of Donald Trump Jr. around New York on Sunday . The agents allegedly the two agents, who are assigned to the protective detail for the children of Donald Trump Jr. picture of a child sleeping in the Secret Secret Service according to people familiar with the matter . Neither of the boy ’s parents , Donald Trump Jr. and his wife , Vanessa , were present Donald Trump Jr. the time , but after learning about it , they voiced concern and raised questions with Neither of the boy’s parents, Donald Trump Jr. and his wife, Vanessa agents’ supervisors . The two agents were questioned on Monday , CNN has learned , and the matter is being reviewed internally by the Secret Service . Catherine Milhoan , a spokeswoman for the Secret Service , cautioned against drawing the Secret Service that may grossly mischaracterize the matter . " " The U. S. Secret Service is aware of a the Secret Service agents and one of our protectees , " Milhoan said in a statement to CNN . " our Office of Professional CNN will always thoroughly review a matter to determine our facts and to ensure proper ,    protocols and procedures are followed . " Donald Trump Jr. the president ’s oldest son , has five children , all of whom receive Secret Service protection , as do most of the family ’s children and grandchildren . Trump Jr. did not respond to requests for comment . 
 Donald Trump Jr. 