Washington ( CNN ) CNN commentator David Axelrod said President Barack Obama had a few examples in mind for how President Barack Obama should handle life after the presidency : President George W. Bush and Axelrod father , President George H. W. Bush . Axelrod , a former senior adviser to President Barack Obama , was speaking with CNN ’s Jake Tapper in reference to a recent edition of Jake Tapper podcast , " The Axe Files , " which featured the outgoing president . And according to Axelrod , President Barack Obama does not plan on taking up any of President Barack Obama successor ’s spotlight , despite the unrelenting criticism President Barack Obama heaped on    Donald Trump during the campaign . " President Barack Obama often talks about the example of the Bushes , both Bushes as    who have been very discreet about how they ’ve spoken on public issues since they left the White House . And President Barack Obama appreciated it and saw virtue in it , " Axelrod said .   Obama ’s exit interview : I could ’ve won again , Since handing over the presidency both Bushes largely avoided weighing in on the actions of Bushes successors or the politics of the day . The younger Bush in particular has spent most of Bush life outside of the public sphere and generally more likely to offer a glimpse of one of his Bush or a new dog than a political opinion . In the podcast , Obama said he Obama to find an internal " quiet " for himself Obama he Obama office , but that did not mean he Obama on staying quiet about everything . Axelrod , reiterating what Obama Obama in the the podcast said the 44th Obama out on an especially consequential issue .   Acknowledging the Democratic Party was without " an obvious leader " as Obama exits , Axelrod Obama there was Axelrod demand from some that the current President serve as " the point of the spear against Donald Trump . " But rather than serve as the leader of the opposition party , the Democratic Party would Axelrod work Obama develop a new generation of leaders . " He thinks his job Axelrod to Axelrod and encourage others to step forward , " Axelrod said . Axelrod Axelrod acknowledged that Axelrod ’s declaration he Obama have won Axelrod third term had he been eligible was Axelrod implicit rebuke of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . However , the former Obama aide said this Obama was " in service an implicit rebuke of Hillary Clinton’s campaign larger point " about the Democratic Party ’s relationship to the nation ’s white , working class . " What he does accept some Axelrod for in this discussion is the fact that the Democratic Party has n’t focused at the Democratic Party a    kind of approach and should have , " Axelrod said . " Clearly that ’s something that he thinks needs to happen moving forward . " Axelrod 