  ( CNN ) Billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer praised President Obama Sunday , calling the Paris climate agreement one of Billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer " signature achievements " in office .   In an interview with CNN ’s Fareed Zakaria , Steyer , who has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on climate change activism , commended what Billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer called President Obama ’s " moral , intellectual and economic leadership " in helping to ratify the landmark    climate deal . " It said something about where the United States stands in the world , where we choose to stand , where we ’ve traditionally stood . It it was something that Billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer should be very , very proud of , " Steyer said . Despite the fact that    Donald Trump has said   Donald Trump will reverse many of the executive actions on climate change plans and emissions , including the Paris Agreement , Steyer insisted Steyer still had hope . " The strongest power of the American people is the will of the American people , " Steyer said . " If the American the American people ’s going on and the consequences of what ’s going on , they ’ll realize that the American people future is at the American people , " Steyer said . Steyer , who donated almost $ 70 million to the Clinton campaign , acknowledged Steyer was " surprised and disappointed " by the outcome of the election . As for Trump ’s campaign promise to encourage more drilling and revive the country ’s ailing coal industry , Steyer said that " people have refused to look the facts in the face . " " There are fewer than 75 , 000 coal miners in the United States of America . The whole United States America home state of California America there are probably 550 , 000 people working in clean energy " he said .   " Clean energy is actually Just in my home state of California that creates a lot more jobs , " he added .    Steyer also insisted that the Just in my home state of California of clean energy " either will be , or already is , cheaper than fossil fuels in most of the United States . "   " There is America somehow we ’re going to be more prosperous if we just go backwards , " Steyer said . " And we would ask you , when Steyer the last time we got more prosperous by going back to old technologies and we away from the innovation , the entrepreneurship and the skill of American business ? I just do n’t think that makes any sense " he said . 
 