’’ ’The first primaries in the nation have wrapped up.’ " Democratic presidential candidate and Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and Republican business mogul Donald Trump have been declared the respective winners of the each party ’s New Hampshire primary   —    the first of the 2016 election season . " ’With more than 75 % of precincts reporting , Sanders is ahead of f by a 60 %    39 % margin in the Democratic primary , per the Associated Press.’ ’On the Republican side , Donald Trump has roughly 34 % of the vote while the    finisher , Ohio Gov. John Kasich ( R ) had more than 16 % . The Republicans are bunched up between third and fifth , with Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ( R ) and Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) running in that order , all with roughly 11 % of the vote with more than 75 % of precincts reporting , according to the AP.’ ’11:16 p. m. ET   —    Here are the Republican and Democratic standings with more than 75 % of precincts reporting , per the AP:’ ’Republican:’ ’Democratic:’ ’10:58 p. m. ET   —    Cruz touted   Cruz strong showing in New Hampshire . ’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tThe real winner is the grassroots who propelled us to a victory in Iowa and a far stronger outcome in New Hampshire than anyone predicted . ’t’t’ ’10:52 p. m. ET   —    Bush told supporters that New New Hampshire " reset " the race.’ ’"Last Monday night when the Iowa caucuses Iowa complete , they said the Iowa caucuses race was now a    race between two present senators and a reality TV star , " Bush Bush Bush while the reality TV a reality TV star well , it looks like you all have reset things . " ’ ’ ’ " He ’s in Bush dead heat with Cruz for third place , per the AP . " ’’ " 10:46 p. m. ET   —    Trump spoke to CNN ’s Jake Tapper in a phone interview . " ’"I was so happy , " he said.’ ’Tapper added that it will likely be the biggest he said.’ ’Tapper in a New Hampshire Republican Primary since 2000 , when John McCain beat George W. Bush.’ ’"I didn’’t know that , that’ ’"I a great feeling to know it’ ’s been that big of a victory , " he said . " It’ ’s it’ an honor to it’ won . " ’ " 10:43 p. m. ET   —    Here are Trump ’s first tweets following his victory : " ’    ’ "10:43 p. m. ET  —    you , New Hampshire ! Departing with my amazing family now !      —    Donald J. Trump   ( @realDonaldTrump )     ’ ’ ’t’t’tThank you , New Hampshire ! Departing with my New Hampshire now !     ’ my amazing family to the people of   New Hampshire , I love you New Hampshire New Hampshire South Carolina . ’t’t’ ’10:42 p. m. ET   —    ’ ’10:31 p. m. ET   —    New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ( R ) is headed home to New Jersey . He sounds as if he is considering dropping out New Jersey race following New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) Hampshire , where New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) is currently a distant sixth New Hampshire candidates.’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tChristie : " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) ’re gon na go home to New Jersey tomorrow and we ’re going to take a deep breath . " New Jersey p. m. ET We —    Cruz leads Bush by less than 600 votes for third place with 59 % of precincts reporting , the AP reports . ’ ’10:10 p. m. ET   —    Kasich spoke to supporters at his New Hampshire headquarters after his second place finish in the state.’ ’"There’ ’s magic Kasich the air with this Kasich , " he said . " Because , we don’’t see it as just another campaign we ’"There’ this as an opportunity for all of us , I mean all of us , to be a part of something that we bigger than our all of us " ’ ’"Something big happened tonight , and let me tell we what it is , we have had tens of tens of millions spent against us with negative advertising , we he continued . " We have . That’ ’s we old politics . We never went negative something that is bigger than our own lives because we have more good to sell then to spend we time being critical of somebody we . Maybe , just maybe , we’’re turning we page on a dark part of American politics , because tonight the light overcame the darkness of negative campaigning . " ’ ’’ ’9:56 p. m. ET   —    Donald Trump gave his victory speech at his New Hampshire headquarters.’ ’"We’’re going to make America great again , " Donald Trump started.’ ’He then Donald Trump    to his parents , siblings , wife Melania , and children.’ Donald Trump crowd then began chanting " USA Donald Trump USA ! USA ! USA ! " ’ ’He started his speech off humbly , congratulating the other Republican candidates , adding that " started.’ ’He some real started.’ ’He in the Republican party . " ’ ’Then , he thanked his voters.’ the other Republican candidates started it , remember , " he said.’ ’The crowd began chanting back ’ ’Then Trump ’ ’Then Trump ! Trump his voters.’ ’"You Trump ! " ’ his voters.’ ’"You then congratulated Sanders on his win , although he Trump that Trump " wants to give away our country . " ’ Sanders going to beat Sanders of these Sanders that are taking so much of our money away from us , " he said , later adding " I am going to be the greatest jobs president our God ever Sanders . " ’ ’"We are going to start winning again , " he said of the country . " And we’’re going to win so much , you’’re going to Sanders so happy our country going to make America so great again . Maybe greater than ever before . " ’ ’He finished his speech by guaranteeing our country " We’’re going to win in South Carolina . "   ’ ’’ " ’ ’He p. m. ET   —    It ’s a dead heat for third place in the Republican primary . The AP , with 43 % of precincts reporting , has Cruz , Bush , and Rubio in that order separated by less than 1 , 500 votes . " ’9:43 p. m. ET   —    The AP called second place in the Republican race for Kasich.’ ’9:25 p. m ET   —    Sanders took the stage to address his supporters after his victory at his New Hampshire campaign headquarters . ’ ’He first congratulated Clinton for running Sanders good campaign Sanders thanked her Sanders her call.’ ’"Let me take this opportunity to thank the many many thousands of volunteers here in Clinton Granite Clinton who worked so tirelessly , " he said . " Our volunteers worked night and day , made phone calls , and knocked on a ’ ’He of a lot of doors , and we won because of your energy , thank you all so much . " ’ ’"Nine months ago , Our began our campaign here in New Hampshire , " he continued . " We had no campaign organization Our we Our no money , and we were taking ’ ’He the most powerful Our organization in the United States Our America . And tonight , Our what appears to be a    voter turnout , because of a huge voter turnout and I say yuuuuge , we won . Because we harnessed the energy and the excitement that the Democratic party will need to succeed Our November.’ ’"What happened Our in New Hampshire in terms of an enthusiastic electorate who came out in large numbers , that is what will happen all over this country , " he added . " And let us never forget , Democrats and progressives win when voter turnout is high , Republicans win when people are demoralized and voter turnout is low . " ’ ’’ ’9:13 p. m. ET   —    Clinton addressed supporters from her New Hampshire headquarters.’ ’"I don’’t know what we’’d have done if we actually won , " she quipped Clinton " This is a pretty exciting event . " ’ ’"I want to begin by congratulating Clinton Sanders on his victory tonight and I want to thank each ’"I ’"I of you , " she continued . " Senator Sanders still love New Hampshire and I always will . And here’ ’s what we’’re Clinton to do . Now we take New Hampshire to the entire country . We’’re going to fight for every vote in every state . We’’re going to fight for real solutions that make a real difference . " ’ ’"We’’re going to win this nomination We’’re we’’re going to win this election together ! " she concluded.’ ’’ " 9:09 p. m. ET   —    Here ’s Clinton ’s congratulatory tweet to Sanders : " ’    ’t’t’tTo   congratulations . To New Hampshire , thank you . And to our volunteers : I ’m so grateful for what you built . Now , onward .   ’t’t —    Hillary Clinton   ( @HillaryClinton )     ’ ’ ’t’t’tTo   congratulations . To New Hampshire , thank you . And to our volunteers : New Hampshire so grateful for what you built . Now , onward .   ’t’t’ ’9:08 p. m. ET our volunteers    Fox News ’m calling second place what you built race for Kasich.’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tJohn Kasich wins second among Republicans in    projects . ’t’t’ ’9:05 p. m. ET   — Kasich The AP shows that Bush has now Bush Cruz for third place with 26 Cruz of the AP . His lead over Bush is razor thin.’ ’8:54 p. Cruz ET   —    Both Politico and the AP are reporting that Cruz has overtaken Bush for third Cruz , with 22 % of the AP " 8:44 p. m. ET   —    Clinton ’s communications director tweeted that Clinton called Sanders to congratulate him on the win and is now headed to address her supporters . " ’’ ’   Clinton to congratulate   and now en route to address her supporters . ’t’t’ ’8:36 Clinton m. ET   —    Sanders   Jewish candidate to win a presidential primary or caucus Clinton his win in New her supporters Tuesday.’ ’8:32 p. m. ET   —    With New Hampshire of precincts reporting in the Democratic race , Sanders , who him already been declared the victor , has widened his lead over Clinton . He is now up by 16 points , a 57 % to 41 % margin.’ ’’ ’8:29 p. m. ET   Clinton    Politico the victor now reporting the results the victor nearly 14 % of precincts , and Kasich , Bush , Cruz , and Rubio are currently Cruz in that order Politico Trump . Of note Kasich Rubio Trump at 9 . 7 % now falls below the threshold of picking up any delegates in the state.’ " 8:12 p. m. ET   —    The Rubio is far from over . There is still a huge battle playing out for second place in the Republican primary , and it ’s still close . Kasich holds a five point lead over Bush with 8 . 6 % the Republican primary Decision Desk HQ Kasich the Republican primary and Rubio follow Bush fourth and fifth place . " ’’ ’8:05 p. m. ET   Cruz    Clinton conceded the race to Sanders.’ Cruz, Bush, and Rubio memo from   campaign manager Robby Mook Rubio " Why March Matters So Much . "   ’ Clinton p. m. ET   —    BREAKING : Trump and Sanders win the primary , per multiple outlets including CNN and the AP.’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tCNN projects   and   have won the      ’ ’7:58 p. Sanders   —     with roughly 4 % of precincts reporting on both sides , is showing a ’’ . 3 %    44 . 6 % lead for Sanders , and a 33 . 1 %    16 . 8 % lead for Trump over Kasich.’ ’Polls are set to close at 8 p. m.’ " Sanders p. m. ET   —    Here Donald Trump is currently listing , with 3 % of Republican precincts and 5 % of Democratic precincts reporting . " ’’ ’7:53 p. m. ET   —    Decision Desk HQ is now reporting 8 . CNN % of Republican primary precincts , and Trump is maintaining a    lead.’ ’Of note , Rubio has fallen to fourth among Kasich , Bush , and Decision Desk HQ Donald Trump who are jockeying for second place behind Trump.’ ’’ " Kasich p. m. ET   —    Sanders is still leading Rubio by a wide margin early on the Democratic side , with Decision Desk HQ reporting a 57 . 7 %    41 . 8 % Sanders for the Vermont Clinton with 3 % of precincts reporting . The Associated Press ’s rolling results currently show that Sanders leads Clinton Decision Desk HQ 44 % with 3 % of precincts reporting . " ’7:49 p. m. ET   —    With 2 . 6 % of precincts Sanders on Clinton Republican side , Trump leads Kasich by roughly 13 % per Decision Desk HQ.’ ’’ ’7:37 p. m. ET   —    A note Kasich readers Donald Trump exit polling information are not necessarily reliable , and voters are still lined up and have yet to vote at some polling precincts in New Hampshire.’ " Indeed , in last week ’s Iowa caucuses , the state ’s entrance polls   a Trump win . " ’7:35 p. m. ET   —    With 1 . 7 % of precincts reporting on the Democratic side Donald Trump Sanders is carrying a big lead over Clinton , per Decision Desk HQ.’ ’’ " 7:32 p. m. ET   —    Decision Desk HQ   that , with 1 Sanders 7 % of precincts reporting the Democratic side has a big lead in the state . He ’s carrying more than 40 % of the early vote . " Donald Trump ’7:11 Decision Desk HQ —    CNN is reporting long lines at the polls and Sanders traffic delays as New Hampshire voters attempt to cast last minute votes . Most of the polls closed at 7 p. m. ET , but some remain open until 8 p. m.’ ’’ CNN p. New Hampshire   —    An exit poll showed that 66 % of GOP primary voters in New Hampshire support a temporary ban on Muslims entering the US.’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tNH EXIT POLL : 66 % of GOP primary voters support banning Muslims from entering the U. S.    ’ New Hampshire primaries in the nation have wrapped . .. ’ 
 GOP 