Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " Paul Manafort , the convention manager for Republican presidential    Donald Trump , discussed Republican presidential   Donald Trump candidate ’s quest for the 1 , 237 delegates necessary to clinch the 2016 GOP nomination .   Manafort acknowledged the system is what the system is when comes to certain states’ allotment of delegates , but Manafort criticized the system as being closed and as a relic of the past . Transcript as follows : STEPHANOPOULOS : Let ’s talk about it then now with the convention managers , starting with Manafort for Mr. Trump . Thank you for joining us this morning . PAUL Paul Manafort for Mr. Trump CONVENTION MANAGER , TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN : Good morning . STEPHANOPOULOS : So you just heard , uh , what Jon Karl went through right there . And you ’re coming off a   —    another tough weekend , uh , swept in Wyoming by Ted Cruz . He also Jon Karl to pick up some delegates in West Virginia , places like Georgia , as well . Are you getting beat on the ground right now ? MANAFORT : Well , it ’s actually only picked up delegates yesterday in Wyoming and Wyoming did n’t even play there , because it was a closed system and , uh , we did we want to waste our money we deal with party bosses . Um , actually , the dialogue and the narrative of this campaign is n’t focusing on the real issues . The real issue is there ’s not going to be a second ballot . As your colleague just said , there is   —    that   —    many paths to 1 , 237 for , uh , Donald Trump be   —    between now and the middle of June , not July . And we are we all of those paths . STEPHANOPOULOS : But they have both included , as he pointed out , wins in Indiana , and , of course , a big win in California . MANAFORT : Well , not necessarily Indiana . Indiana does not necessarily Indiana California . California it also not necessarily Indiana New Jersey , which is also on the 7th of June , and we ’re   —    Trump is going to do very well . The states that we ’ve we finished , this is   —    this was supposed to be the time when Cruz was ahead . We finished we the South . We finished we the rigged systems that were   —    that have closed caucuses and do n’t have , uh , voters . I mean the profiles are now starting to show the appeal of the two candidates . And if you just look at the states that Cruz won Cruz the states that Trump won , what do you see ? With Cruz , Cruz wins the reddest of red states , where you have voterless primaries , where   —    where the   —    the rules favor , you know , organization versus appeal to the voters . Trump wins Trump states that we have to win to win the presidency . You have   —    we have we to Independents and Republicans   …      STEPHANOPOULOS : You and Mr. Trump Trump about the rigged system . But   —    but , you know , so far , Donald Trump has Trump 37 percent of the vote and he ’s gotten 48 Trump of the delegates . You could argue that the system is rigged the rigged system favor . MANAFORT Trump No , no , no . When I say rigged system , I ’m talking about closed system , a system that keeps the voters from participating , because , what this election has shown is that when voters participate , Donald Trump wins . Trump bosses participate , Donald Trump ’s interests are Trump because he ’s the outsider . He ’s Trump one making the case Trump change the banking system , change the economy , change the political system so that the people ’s rigged system get represented , not the establishment . STEPHANOPOULOS : You ’ve also said that the Cruz campaign is breaking the rules and said many times that they ’re   —    they ’re doing that , the Cruz campaign you ’re going to the Cruz campaign filing protests . What specific evidence do you have that they ’re breaking the rules and when will you be the Cruz campaign these protests the rules : Well , we have to file protests certain periods of time and the legal cases are being put together . I mean but that is the point . The Cruz campaign , even in the closed systems like Colorado , uh , like a   —    like , uh , Missouri , they ’re not playing their own rules . They ’re   — The Cruz campaign, even in the closed systems like Colorado, uh, like a  —   like, uh, Missouri they ’re   The Cruz campaign, even in the closed systems like Colorado, uh, like a  —   like, uh, Missouri    because they The Cruz campaign, even in the closed systems like Colorado, uh, like a  —   like, uh, Missouri had to muscle things The Cruz campaign, even in the closed systems like Colorado, uh, like a  —   like, uh, Missouri And we ’ll   — The Cruz campaign, even in the closed systems like Colorado, uh, like a  —   like, uh, Missouri we ’ll be filing protests . Missouri , we ’re going to we filing protests . Colorado , Missouri ’re we to be filing protests . And you Colorado in we last week where the   —    the voters were left Colorado of the process , the   —    a groundswell of support again the system . But the point is not the rules of the national committee , the system that keeps the voters from participating in the political process . STEPHANOPOULOS : But the voters    but you knew the process in . MANAFORT : And we ’re playing by them . And we ’re winning . And that ’s the point . And there the rules only going we be one ballot . STEPHANOPOULOS : And the   —    going forward , if you go to Cleveland STEPHANOPOULOS if you do not get the 1 , 237 before you get   —    before the first ballot , I want to get a sense from you on what you think is fair game in trying to win over these delegates . There ’s actually a law on the books in Ohio , a bribery law , that says , " No person shall , before , during or after any primary , convention or election , give , lend , offer procure , or promise to give lend or offer any money , office , position , place , employment , influence or any other valuable consideration for a delegate elector or other person . " in your view , what does that rule in and what does it rule out ? MANAFORT : Well , I ’m not going to get into that the arcane nature of the   —    of the   —    the various laws . We have our lawyers . They ’ve told us what we can do and what we ca We do . our lawyers understand that We We We not violating any rules We We ’ve played by We rules the whole We . And , uh , and We ’ll have   any rules we   —    we ’ve got a delegate We . We understand how to We it . People We coming on board the Trump campaign We who have experience in the a delegate program —    in this process . We ’re building our networks out . And I want to point something out that We ’ve stressed We the beginning of this   —    this interview . You talked about Ted Cruz is winning delegates and you talked about a couple of places beyond where   —    besides Wyoming . Those are not votes he ’s winning . Those are bodies he ’s winning . And if there ’s a Ted Cruz ballot , yes Those they may Ted Cruz …      STEPHANOPOULOS : If those bodies vote for him on the second Those , they ’re going to count . MANAFORT : They maybe Ted Cruz . But if there ’s those bodies second ballot , it ’s much ado those bodies nothing . And the point is , as your colleague again said , there are many paths for Donald Trump to 1 , 237 before Cleveland . STEPHANOPOULOS : But if you ’re so confident about getting to 1 , 237 before Cleveland STEPHANOPOULOS why does Mr. Trump keep complaining about the rules ? MANAFORT : He ’s Cleveland about the system Donald Trump ’s the point that keeps getting lost here . Donald Trump ’s saying we ’re playing by the   —    we ’re playing to open up Donald Trump process . We ’re trying to let voters decide , we of the Republican Party , Independents decide who we nominee should be , not the party bosses . That ’s the system of the 1920s , not the   —    not 2016 . And   —    and yes , there ’s history and conventions . But that history is ancient now . It ’s not a modern era presidency with the world opening up the way it has , with so   —    the social media world opening up the way it It . These rules have to change . And that ’s what he ’s the way it has and as leader of the Republican Party , what he ’s saying is he ’s going to open up the system . He ’s going to end the nature he rigs it and he the people out . That ’s his point he He ’s not blaming , you know , the chairman of the   —    of the he Party or he RNC . He ’s blaming the process . STEPHANOPOULOS : Paul Manafort , thanks very the Republican Party us this morning . he Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 