" What we need is a     contest . If we have that , my son Ted will be the clear winner , " Rafael Cruz told Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon on Breitbart News Daily . " The polls have indicated time and time again , that in a     exchange , Rafael Cruz would beat Donald Trump by about 17 points , " Rafael Rafael Cruz . [ During the interview , Bannon Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon Rafael Rafael Cruz " I do n’t understand why Kasich is still in , " and asked if the establishment planned on using the Ohio governor to block an    candidate at a contested convention .   " They just want to get it the establishment planned on using the Ohio governor to block an   candidate at a contested convention the convention floor , " Rafael Rafael Cruz , adding that if the a contested convention to give the nomination to anyone other than Cruz or Trump , " There would be a revolt . " But Republicans need to rally to Ted Cruz Cruz Rafael Cruz , because Trump " change[s ] all the time . He Rafael Cruz Democratic Senator Harry Reid , who said he Rafael Cruz prefer Trump to Cruz Trump in Cruz ’s words , " Trump is malleable Trump " As to why voters should prefer Cruz to Trump Cruz , Trump This election really comes down to one word : Trust . Who can you trust to do what they say they are going voters do voters " Speaking of his son Ted , Rafael Ted Cruz With Rafael , you can be sure he Ted Cruz honor the Constitution , the Ted Cruz of law , limited government , free enterprise . He will appoint to the Supreme Court Ted Cruz justices who have a clear record of following the Constitution and not being judicial activists . " This echoes Ted Cruz from last night , who contrasted himself with Trump by asking , " Ted Cruz you want a candidate who shares your values ? Or do you want a candidate who has spent decades opposing your values ? " Listen to the entire interview below : Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . Ken Klukowski is legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski .  
 Ken Klukowski 