  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton said Monday night Hillary Clinton ’s " met a high standard of transparency " about Hillary Clinton health and did n’t think the pneumonia was " going to be that big a deal . " Hillary Clinton said Hillary Clinton felt dizzy and lost Hillary Clinton balance Sunday , but did not lose consciousness , and is now " feeling so much better . " " I was supposed to rest five days     that ’s what they told me on Friday     and I did n’t follow that very wise advice , " Hillary Clinton told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper in a phone interview . " So I just want to get this over and done with and get back on the trail as soon as possible , " Hillary Clinton said . Hillary Clinton appeared wobbly and stumbled Sunday as Hillary Clinton left a    commemoration ceremony in New York . Hillary Clinton campaign later revealed Hillary Clinton ’d been diagnosed Friday with pneumonia     a disclosure that fueled arguments that the Democratic nominee is n’t sufficiently forthcoming about important details . But during Hillary Clinton interview Monday , Clinton sought to turn criticism of Clinton secrecy over Clinton illness into an attack on Republican rival Donald Trump . " Compare everything you know about Republican rival Donald Trump with my opponent . I think it ’s time Clinton met the same level of disclosure that I have for years , " Clinton told Cooper . " It ’s really past time for Clinton to be held to the same standards , not just as me , but as anybody else who has sought this job , " Cooper said . Clinton had a cough last week , and chalked a cough up to allergies     joking at an event that Clinton was allergic to Trump . Clinton said Monday night Clinton ’d thought at the time it was allergies , because Clinton experienced a similar cough in the spring and fall due to seasonal allergies . " What happened this time , though , was this time did n’t dissipate , and that ’s why when I got off the road on Friday , I did go to see my doctor , and that ’s when I was diagnosed with pneumonia , " Clinton said . Clinton said Clinton campaign did n’t publicly reveal Clinton diagnosis because " I just did n’t think her diagnosis was going to be that big of deal . " " Obviously I should have gotten some rest sooner     I probably would have been better off if I just pulled down my schedule on Friday , but like a lot of people , I thought that I could just keep going forward and power through it . And obviously that did n’t work out so well , " Clinton said . Cooper asked about Bill Clinton ’s remark in an interview with Charlie Rose that Clinton has occasionally become dehydrated and gone through episodes like Sunday ’s , and how many times that has happened before . " I think really only twice that I can recall , " Bill Clinton’s said . " You know , it is something that has occurred a few times over the course of my life , and I ’m aware of it , and usually can avoid it , " Bill Clinton’s said . " What happened yesterday was that I just was incredibly committed to being at the memorial     as a senator on    this is incredibly personal to Bill Clinton’s . " " I could feel how hot and humid this was . I felt overheated . I decided that I did need to leave . And as soon as I got into the    van , I cooled off , I got some water , and very quickly , I felt better , " Bill Clinton’s said . " I felt fine , but I ’m now taking my doctor ’s advice     which was given to ’m on Friday , that I ignored     to just take some time to get over pneumonia completely . " 
 