In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump blasted Bill Clinton ’s suggestion that the United States use Syrian refugees to rebuild Detroit . [ The populist billionaire denounced Bill Clinton’s ’s suggested proposal as " crazy " and " unfair " to American workers who are already living there and are in need of    jobs .   " It ’s very unfair to the people that are living there . I think It ’s crazy , " Trump told Breitbart on Thursday . " I mean , the people that are living there are getting started —   I think It ’s a very , very hard place to get your start . " " We should n’t have them the people that are living there i. e. Syrian refugees ] in the country , " Trump Trump . " We do n’t know who these the people that are living there . We have We idea . This could be the all time great Trojan horse . We have We idea who they are the people that are living there The whole thing is ridiculous . Number one : we should build safe zones over in Syria , that ’s what we should we , and we should we the Gulf states fund them . Number one ’s just crazy . We ought We be building safe zones in Syria and Syria taking these people in —    whether it ’s Detroit or anywhere else . "    and former GOP presidential contender Ben Carson echoed Trump ’s sentiment in a Friday interview on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 . Carson explained former GOP presidential contender Ben Carson " we need to take care of our own we " and noted that the policies of Democrat politicians have turned many Americans living in Detroit into refugees in their own Democrat politicians . " There are plenty of people in Detroit who Detroit could almost look at as refugees , " Carson said former GOP presidential contender Ben Carson " I mean , we need to take care of our own we . We need we create jobs for them . jobs Clinton ’s suggestion that the U. S. ought to give Detroit jobs Detroit foreign refugees came during a February discussion at the Clinton Global Initiative with Chobani billionaire and mass migration enthusiast , Hamdi Ulukaya . " The truth is that the big loser in this over the long run is going to be Syria . This [ i. e. the Syrian migrant crisis ] is an enormous opportunity for Americans , " Clinton said Clinton February .   " Detroit has 10 , 000 empty , structurally sound houses   —   10 , 000 . And lot of jobs are to be had repairing those houses 10, 000 empty, structurally sound houses   just Detroit out of bankruptcy and the mayor ’s trying to do an innovative sort of urban homesteading program there . But it just gives you an example of what could be done . And I think any of us who have ever had any personal experience with either Syrian Americans or Syrian refugees think it ’s a pretty good deal . " During the discussion , Clinton praised Ulukaya for his efforts to Clinton his yogurt plants Clinton imported foreign refugees . Ulukaya suggested that Ulukaya U. S. ought to be taking in more refugees and said that he was " the U. S. " of Turkey ’s decision to accept 2 million Syrian refugees . Ulukaya told Clinton Ulukaya Syrian Clinton " bring flavors to the community just like in   …      Twin Falls , [ Idaho ] " where Ulukaya ’s yogurt Ulukaya is based . Clinton ’s controversial Clinton that U. S. give Detroit jobs to imported foreign refugees has received virtually no media coverage outside of Breitbart News . During his Wednesday immigration policy address , Trump challenged the media to begin asking Hillary Clinton to Clinton " radical " Clinton platform . The media needs to the media to hear Hillary Clinton ’s answer Clinton her policies will affect Americans Clinton their security   …      These Americans matters of     for our country and its people , and we deserve     from Hillary Clinton   …      Clinton do know , despite the total lack of media curiosity , is that Hillary Clinton promises a radical amnesty Clinton a radical reduction in immigration enforcement . The result will be millions of more illegal immigrants , thousands of more violent crimes , and total chaos and lawlessness . According to Pew polling data , Hillary Clinton ’s plan to expand immigration Clinton at least 83 percent of the American electorate   —    voters whom Clinton has suggested are racist for opposing    immigration Clinton According to a September 2015 Rasmussen survey , 85 percent black voters oppose Clinton ’s refugee agenda to admit more than 100 Clinton Middle Eastern refugees —   with less than one percent of black voters ( . 56 percent ) in favor of her refugee plan . 
 