A student senator at the University of Tennessee Chattanooga ( UTC ) is facing calls for A student senator at the University of Tennessee Chattanooga (UTC) resignation after A student senator at the University of Tennessee Chattanooga (UTC) participated in an effort to place    chalk messages on sidewalk throughout campus . [ In their recent election , Empower UTC was taken over by a progressive student coalition called Empower UTC , which has placed significant pressure on senator Hailey Puckett to resign over her involvement in senator Hailey Puckett campus’    student movement . Empower UTC released a statement calling for Puckett ’s resignation senator Hailey Puckett her values are inconsistent senator Hailey Puckett the values established by UTC ’s student government association .   " Tonight we ’ve asked for Hailey Puckett ’s resignation senator Hailey Puckett we realize that her values do we line up senator Hailey Puckett the pillars we ’ve established ourselves on . we do not we bigotry or we or the messages spread by Donald Trump ’s ignorance , " Empower UTC posted on Twitter . " We do not support the messages spread by Donald trump " as @EMPOWER_UTC president is in the background at a rally . pic . twitter .    —    Joe Bastow ( @BastowJoe ) April 6 , 2016 ,   UTC ’s new student body president , Phillip Stubblefield , tweeted Empower UTC ’s support for the call UTC’s ’s resignation : " We do not support the mission of those who wish to spread that ignorance . We do not support those who bask We that ignorance . We promised to represent that ignorance and We you we mean everyone , " the statement We . " We will not , however , represent We who support the oppression of others . We do not ask that you forgive We forget her actions , but that you start conversations   …     We ask that you spread messages of We and inclusion to everyone you encounter . " After Stubblefield and the progressive student coalition began to receive backlash their attempts to censor Puckett , Stubblefield offered Stubblefield and the progressive student coalition retraction on Twitter , claiming Stubblefield Puckett " was never being kicked out of Puckett " and that he " would never ask someone to leave SGA just because we disagree on a topic . " He has switched his Twitter account to protected he , allowing he confirmed followers to see his tweets . In a statement released by he ’s student government association , they claimed that they never asked Puckett to only confirmed followers her position only confirmed followers senator : " To clarify confusion regarding the call for resignation of a newly elected senator , the UTC SGA has not asked the    to resign from next year ’s    senate . " Tom Ciccotta writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or on Facebook . Tom Ciccotta can email him at tciccotta@breitbart . com 
 Tom Ciccotta 