’   ’ "    The polls have moved . And now everybody who does n’t want him to be    president is trying to figure out why   —    and whether him ’s going to    keep gaining . " "    Obviously , it ’s been a   and most    of the poll analysis has focused on how she has hurt she and    what she can do to improve she position . " "    But here ’s the thought that ’s making me nervous : What if the    shift in the polls is more about Donald Trump    campaigning better ? " "    Specifically , what if it ’s about the fact that he brought in a     started listening to she advice , and    became somewhat less    and more   ? " "    For example , Donald Trump    has resisted the temptation to talk    extensively about Clinton ’s pneumonia , instead staying focused on    the   that Donald Trump    and    Donald Trump    team clearly believe works to Donald Trump    advantage . Donald Trump    has gotten    more attention for Donald Trump    positive policy messages . Donald Trump    even pulled    off a . " "    Most importantly , Donald Trump    ’s so far avoided a repeat of the sorts of    episodes that seemed to be most damaging to Donald Trump    in the campaign :    When Donald Trump    attacked a    person on the basis of religion or    ethnicity , as Donald Trump    did with Khizr Khan and Gonzalo Curiel . " ’    Obviously , these are all very low bars I am describing    Trump as having cleared , and   Trump has continued to make    various outrageous statements and face various scandals . ’ ’    But low bars might be the right measure for the " can   Trump win "    question . ’ ’    For most of this campaign ,   Trump has been just a few points    behind Clinton despite running a comically inept    campaign . What if running a merely somewhat inept campaign    is good enough for   Trump to catch up ? ’ "    It might seem like It ’s too late .   Trump has done a lot over    the last 15 months to cement negative images in many voters’    minds , and most of that damage is irreversible . " ’    But a hallmark of Trump’ ’s career has been successful switching    from vitriolic insult to cordial dealmaking .   Trump fires Omarosa and    then hires her back . You can even see it in   Trump    tweets   —      Trump rails against the " losers and haters " but then       also wishes them well , and even says    sees potential in    them . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tLosers and haters , even you , as low and dumb as you are , can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my    can still succeed ! ’t’t’ "    Trump wo n’t win over anywhere near a majority of the voters      Trump ’s alienated , but   Trump strange charisma positions   Trump to win    over more than most similarly outrageous candidates would be able    to . " ’    Finally , I think Trump is benefitting from a growing disconnect    between media and political elites in New York and    Washington and most white voters over issues of race . ’ ’    I think this disconnect is arising mostly from a    substantively laudable place : a greater focus on white    privilege and an accurate sense that aggrieved whites    are often upset about declining racial privilege , which is not    good cause for sympathy . ’ ’    But I worry this normative judgment is bleeding into a    positive one , causing some Democrats and some media    commentators to underestimate , for example , how much    a claim that half of Trump voters are " deplorable "    bigots is likely to upset white voters who are strongly resistant    to the idea bigots friends and family   —    or themselves   —      are racist . ’ "    Trump ’s numbers with    voters are dismal and likely to    remain so . But approximately 72 % of the November electorate will    consist of    whites , and    message is clearly    at least acceptable to a majority of white voters   —      more voters than Republican insiders thought would warm to    in    the primaries , more than Democrats thought    would go for    in    the general election , and more than most pundits thought       could attract in either . " ’    If Trump gets enough votes from whites , Trump can win the    election . ’ ’    One way Trump could do that is by being modestly less outrageous ,    and thereby winning back some    whites who have    been telling pollsters some   whites who have    are preparing to abandon the    Republican nominee in record numbers , offsetting the unusual    strength Trump has already generated among    educated    whites . ’ "    Trump ’s entirely likely Trump poll rise will stop . The    factors I ’m describing above might not be so important , and    Clinton ’s numbers might bounce back when she Clinton’s back on the    campaign trail and back on message . Trump Trump been this close in       polls before , and so far the equilibrium of this race has had       Trump but clearly behind . " ’   ’ "    The debates could also matter . Historically , they do n’t seem to       mattered much , but historically the candidates have been       evenly matched in qualification and debating skill . " "       think Trump Trump roughest moment of the last month    politically was at last Wednesday ’s Commander in Chief forum .    Half an hour of questioning on foreign policy brought a lot of       and    statements out of him . Three ,      debates under much more pressure from Clinton    . " ’    He him be needled into greater    again ,       if he him upset about how Clinton Clinton him him    the debates . ’ ’    Finally , we are in uncharted territory in the sense that one    major party campaign is likely to have a far more developed    ground game for Election Day than the other . I would expect       to help Clinton Clinton her    , but I have no       if the effect is large or small . ’ ’    The question Business Insider global     Henry    Blodget keeps asking me is whether Trump is likely to win . I       think the answer is " no . " But honestly , I’’m a lot more       than I’’ve been during the campaign . ’ 
 