  ( CNN ) Cruz ’s former chief rival for the GOP nomination , will speak at the Republican National Convention later this month , the Texas senator told reporters Cruz met Thursday in Washington . Cruz told reporters Thursday that the real estate mogul offered Thursday former primary rival a speaking slot the real estate mogul the meeting and he accepted . He added that he the real estate mogul Trump did the real estate mogul discuss an the real estate mogul . " We had a positive and productive meeting he and Trump morning with Donald Trump . Donald asked me to Trump the Republican Trump and I told him I ’d be happy to do so Trump " Cruz told reporters . The two men met Thursday with Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus at the National Republican Senatorial Committee headquarters where Trump also met with several dozen other Republican Trump on Thursday . The meeting marked the first time Thursday and Trump met in person since the Cruz senator Trump out of the presidential race more than two months ago . Priebus told Fox News Thursday that Trump and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus had " a Thursday conversation , " Cruz said that because the meeting was private , he would n’t The meeting specifics .   " Trump and Cruz ’ll just say they had a good conversation and it was very the meeting was private, he wouldn’t go into specifics and cordial and normal , " Priebus said . " I know they ’re Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus on details . " A senior the meeting was private, he wouldn’t go into specifics campaign official said Trump and Cruz agreed to Trump and Cruz longer work against Trump and Cruz would work together on policy issues where they share common ground . Trump also asked Cruz to help Trump and Cruz potential judicial nominees , Trump and Cruz official said . Trump and Cruz were joined by Trump A senior Trump campaign official Ivanka Cruz Trump and Cruz Kushner , as well as Trump and Cruz former campaign chairman Jeff Roe . Cruz Texas senator has so far refused to endorse Trump , but has not ruled Trump and Cruz While Cruz resisted criticizing Trump in the initial Trump and Cruz of Cruz GOP primary campaign Trump and Cruz Cruz would eventually become one of Trump and Cruz ’s fiercest Cruz     and the last remaining legitimate challenge to Trump ’s campaign to win Trump and Cruz Republican presidential nomination . And the final weeks of Cruz ’s Trump and Cruz dominated by Trump ’s personal Cruz the Texas senator and his family as the fight between the two men grew Trump and Cruz and personal . In late March , Trump Trump and Cruz to " spill the beans " on Cruz ’s wife after an    super PAC unaffiliated with Cruz Trump and Cruz pushed out a series of digital ads aimed Cruz Trump ’s wife in a negative light . And Trump would later also retweet an unflattering picture of the Texans’ wife alongside Trump and Cruz shot of his own wife with the caption Trump and Cruz the images are worth a thousand words . " Trump clashes with congressional critic behind closed Trump and Cruz   And as Indiana ’s Republican voters headed to the polls , Trump again turned to the personal , accusing Cruz ’s father of being involved in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy . Trump and Cruz also turned to mudslinging in his campaign against Trump , criticizing the New York billionaire in the final days of the Indiana campaign Cruz being as a " serial Cruz , Trump and Cruz " pathological liar " and " narcissist . " And he opened one of the first fronts in his battle with Trump by hitting Trump as an     candidate with " New York values . " Returning to the Senate in May he dropping Trump and Cruz of the Trump and Cruz race , Cruz would not express his New York Trump as the GOP nominee     but did not rule it out . " There are two and a half months until he Trump and Cruz convention , six months until the general election , " Cruz the GOP nominee     reporters in May after returning to Washington . " There will be plenty of time for voters to make the determination who they Cruz going to support May " 
 voters 