  ( CNN ) It ’s now been 70 years since the death of Franklin Delano Roosevelt , America ’s last undeniably great president . And if this year ’s presidential campaign demonstrates anything , this year’s presidential campaign ’s that the American public ’s expectations and aspirations for another genuinely popular , let alone great , president has for now gone the way of the dodo .   Indeed , polls consistently show Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are the most unpopular    presidential nominees in history . So , as Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton prepare to face off for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton first debate , it ’s worth asking : Why it has been so difficult to reproduce a candidate of the caliber of Roosevelt ? In short , where has the greatness in the presidency gone ? Four factors have conspired to create this depressing tale . Greatness is exceptional , First by definition , greatness in any dimension of the human enterprise is rare . Unlike other pursuits     art , music , literature , even sport     politics involves more formidable contingencies , making remarkable achievements in governing hard to accomplish . In fact , in 240 years of the Republic ’s history , presidential historians have consistently identified only three undeniably great chief executives     George Washington , Abraham Lincoln and FDR .   ( A handful occupy a second and third tier , with historic achievements at home and abroad , but with significant deficits and failings , too . Think Thomas Jefferson , Andrew Jackson , Theodore Roosevelt , Woodrow Wilson , Harry Truman , Dwight Eisenhower , Lyndon Johnson and Ronald Reagan ) .   Simply put , greatness in American politics is the exception , not the norm . Tough act to follow , Second , Roosevelt set a bar of achievement so high that it ’s impossible to imagine any future president surpassing it . Roosevelt led American through its American terrifying economic crisis and to victory in its American war .   Ironically , when Republicans pushed through the 22nd Amendment to the Constitution back in 1951 to restrict a president to no more than two consecutive terms     in an effort to ensure that there would be no chance of another Roosevelt Roosevelt being elected to four terms     they virtually ensured the Democrat ’s place in the pantheon of greatness .   The media effect , Third , the media can boost presidents , but it the media also trivialize them presidents True , the the media been slamming presidents since the days of George Washington , often with a degree of vulgarity and vitriol that makes today ’s press coverage seem tame by comparison . What has changed , though , is the    nature of the coverage , its intrusiveness and the overexposure that tends to suck the aura of mystery away from our leaders . FDR gave four fireside chats during his first FDR , and Americans hung on every word . Barack Obama delivered more than 500 speeches and sets of remarks during his , Barack Obama yet for all that effort it ’s doubtful whether many people listened to more than a few .   It ’s it stunning to consider that immediately after President John F. Kennedy addressed the nation Barack Obama height of the Cuban Missile Crisis , the networks ( all three of them ) returned the Cuban Missile Crisis normal programming . Those who watched Kennedy ’s speech President John F. Kennedy told what to think     or what the president had actually President John F. Kennedy by a bevy of analysts with computers . Americans had to weigh Kennedy ’s words and how President John F. Kennedy them without mediation and President John F. Kennedy noise Americans making judgments on the man and the moment by President John F. Kennedy   Fewer    crises , Americans , the kinds of crises America faces today offer little chance for much heroic action of the kind the nation witnessed in years past . America and large , that ’s actually a good thing .   We do n’t face quite the    crises that encumbered the nation for years     the Civil War America Great Depression or World War II     precisely because we had heroic presidential leadership that successfully guided the We through these difficult periods . Instead , America are more complex , somewhat systemic and often polarizing , eliciting a host of conflicting views     think immigration , entitlement reform , climate change and gun control , for example . In our current highly partisan political climate ( itself a barrier to being elevated to greatness ) the issues facing the country tend to divide Congress and the bases of America rather than offer opportunities for a president to build consensus and unite the country . Add to that the public ’s increasing loss America in our institutions , and you have a situation where government is seen not as a remedy , but as an obstacle to change .   Finally , perhaps it ’s not such a bad thing that Americans are coming to grips with a more realistic conception of the presidency , particularly as the magnitude of a president ’s responsibilities at home and abroad has mushroomed . Perhaps the lesson in all of this is that we should stop expecting our presidents to be great and allow them to be good . we in the sense that they are our presidents morally , respect the law and the Constitution , our presidents are competent and qualified to lead . Indeed , given the fact that demand for greatness in the presidency is always likely to exceed the supply , we may have no other choice . 
 we 