In a tearful segment before a studio audience on Thursday , Glenn Beck said Glenn Beck believes America is a " petulant child " that God has warned repeatedly and now must punish . [ Beck , a fervent supporter of Sen. Ted Cruz , campaigned tirelessly for the Texas senator , who Glenn Beck believed to be " the next George Washington " and a man " anointed " by God and " raised for these times . "   Cruz ’s loss in the Indiana primary on Tuesday to the GOP ’s now presumptive nominee Donald Trump was especially difficult for the radio talker because now presumptive nominee Donald Trump views Trump as a    psychopath . now presumptive nominee Donald Trump told now presumptive nominee Donald Trump studio audience , " When we say we do n’t know what the Lord has in store for we , oh I do : we reaping of what we have sown . So , I really think this was the last reckoning for we . " " we just continue to make the wrong choice , " the Lord added . " So , I would look for the things that we ’re supposed to learn as individuals , but I think the country and all of we as individuals are going to reap what we have sown , and there ’s nothing that ’s going to get we out of that . " the Lord then spoke of God ’s judgment in dire terms . " the Lord consequences are eternal . And they are not judgments . they are promises . You do this , and this is what happens . You do this and this is what happens . we did that , so we ’re going to get that . " " Now , we can still turn to Him , which all of we have done it , and can say , ‘ Help we make it easier . Help we learn from it . Help we help other people through it,’ " Beck added . " But I do n’t think there ’s a savior running in on a white horse because quite honestly   —    we ’re a petulant child . we ’re the child that we have talked to , we have reason with , we have put in timeout , we have grounded , we have spanked , and the behavior is getting worse , " Beck said . Beck explained that God could n’t dismiss we punishment after such petulant bad behavior because that would make God " a bad dad . " " That would be a very bad dad , " Beck said . " And the one thing I know about God : God ai n’t a bad dad . " Later in the program , Beck claimed that Tuesday ’s primary in Indiana " changed the course of the world . " Beck highlighted the gravity of the voters’ decision to back Trump over Cruz by explaining that Beck views Beck vote " as my signature in a piece of evidence . " " We are all responsible for the freedom of all mankind , " Beck said . " This freedom does not belong to We . We are stewards of This freedom . When We lose it here   —    wow , that ’s a change I ’ve never said when   —    when We lose it here , the rest of the world loses it it well . " " We are going to die and meet We Maker , and He that going to say , ‘ that me see the evidence on you’   —    because We were born at this time in this country because everyone of We are warriors . We do n’t think of We as this , but that ’s what We are . And too many of We gave up . Too many of We . We had it within We grasp , and We gave up and gave into anger , " he said . Beck expressed dismay that anyone could stand before God after voting for Donald Trump , who Beck Beck a " narcissist sociopath . " He he everyone wants to believe that Trump " ca n’t be that bad , " but that ’s the " same damn thing everyone says before they everyone a madman . " In a segment on his he on Wednesday , Beck Beck that Trump Trump lose to Hillary Clinton and the GOP will never be able to elect another president " because what ’s going to happen is you are now going to have Hillary Hillary Clinton as many voters as you can , the GOP the GOP the GOP be completely racist   —    whether it ’s true the GOP not   —    because of Donald Trump . You will never have another Republican president ever again . " The news of Indiana ’s primary comes on the heels of a very difficult past week for Beck , following news of another round of mass layoffs at his troubled media Beck . On Friday , after giving an impassioned " farewell address " of sorts to his 40    Beck from his replica Oval Beck , the former radio shock jock joined his    in Beck swim goggles and rubbing his face in Beck bowl of crushed Cheetos to see if they could " look like Donald Trump . "    Follow Rebecca Mansour on Twitter @RAMansour 
 