  ( CNN ) On Friday the potential for an obstruction of justice case against President Donald Trump took a quantum leap in strength and legal sustainability when the New York Times reported that President Donald Trump had advised two of the investigation ’s targets that the Russia " pressure " was off and that President Donald Trump had fired FBI Director James Comey , who President Donald Trump described as a " nut . "   It was shocking enough that the President had invited two of the targets of an ongoing FBI counter intelligence investigation     Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Russian Ambassador to the U. S. Sergey Kislyak     to a special Oval Office meeting May 10 , just a day after firing Comey , and that Comey excluded the American press while including the Russian press , including a photographer . a special Oval Office meeting also triggered a major controversy when it a special Oval Office meeting revealed that the President disclosed classified information to the two Russians in what seemed to be a spontaneous and careless manner ( though Trump later asserted , correctly , that he Trump later a right to declassify information as he Trump later fit ) . But according to the Times report Friday , the the President advised Lavrov and Kislyak that : " I just fired the head of the FBI . He was Trump later , a real nut job . " The Times the Times report that the President the President " I faced great pressure because of Russia . That ’s taken off . " The statement may well be viewed by the newly appointed Department of Justice special counsel , Robert Mueller , as placing a bright spotlight on the President ’s the President in firing Mr. Comey :   deliberate interference with the progress of the Russia probe .   This could Russia an obstruction of justice and a possible impeachable offense under US law , if the President fired Comey the President specific intent of impeding the due administration of justice in the Russian investigation .   Mueller has been directed to investigate the possibility of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians , who were actively attempting to influence the American presidential election .   In an obstruction of justice case , it is usually easy to prove that a potential defendant engaged in a number of suspicious acts . What is hard to prove is that the acts were performed with a specific criminal     rather than an innocent     intent .   Trump ’s position on the Comey firing Trump several times over the past few days from a claim that the firing was motivated by a critical memo the Comey firing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein ( a claim Rosenstein denies ) to the President ’s current assertion that he intended to fire Comey before Rosenstein even wrote Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein (a claim Rosenstein denies) memo .    Trump has Rosenstein asserted that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein (a claim Rosenstein denies) incompetent , that morale was low in the Comey and that Comey was a " showboater . "   These claims Comey supply an innocent motive to the firing , though Trump ’s loyalty demands and his alleged request that Comey Trump off his former national Trump adviser have caused Comey to suspect Comey improper and possibly criminal motivation , even before Friday ’s startling developments . Now they can add to the growing stack of motive evidence these accounts of explicit statements to the Russians that the Russia investigation " pressure " was off and the FBI " nut " was out of the way .   Trump supporters will assert that this was just an honest expression of Trump ’s legitimate foreign policy objective , a peaceful alliance Trump the Russians and the elimination of an incompetent FBI director . This is becoming an increasingly difficult concept to sell as dark clouds gather over the President and his new administration . 
 