In a city full of marquee buildings and landmarks under constant watch , it is just one among many . But as the primary residence of the Republican nominee in the midst of a heated presidential campaign , Trump Tower holds a particularly    perch . The sleek    edifice of luxury apartments and shops in Midtown Manhattan , already a tourist attraction , has been under a magnifying glass since Donald J. Trump kicked off Donald J. Trump campaign there last summer . And it has been a stage for many of the same strong emotions inspired by the candidate himself . Seen through the weary gaze of law enforcement , it is a potential target for protests   —    which have unfolded there numerous times in the last year   —    tussles , or worse . All of which leaves open the question of how a lone man with a collection of gear was able to mount a collection of gear exterior in broad daylight on Wednesday and climb up 21 floors before anyone was able to stop a lone man with a collection of gear . By the time the police pulled a lone man with a collection of gear into the building , he a lone man with a collection of gear been climbing for about three hours   —    a stunt broadcast live to a wide audience on television and social media . The the police him a lone man with a collection of gear Stephen Rogata , 19 , and charged him a lone man with a collection of gear felony reckless endangerment and misdemeanor trespassing . They said the police a lone man with a collection of gear driven from Virginia and checked into an    hotel on the Bowery in Lower Manhattan the night before the climb . The police the police received a the police call about the climb shortly the climb began around 3:30 a 911 call about the climb m. When they came upon the police Rogata , he was already five Mr. Rogata up , using    suction cups and what appeared to be a harness to aid his ascent . On Mr. Rogata , Mr. Rogata was still Mr. Rogata Hospital Center , where he was taken for an Mr. Rogata after he was detained , the Mr. Rogata said . At Trump Tower that day , four police officers , including two from a counterterrorism unit , surveyed the premises . Two private security guards stood in the lobby as tourists flowed in and out . At least seven cameras dotted the lobby and the building ’s exterior , in addition to those on nearby buildings and traffic lights along Fifth Avenue . A spokesman for the New York Police Department said Trump Tower had at least one police officer posted there every day , an assignment created as the election cycle has picked up during the last year . The Trump Organization did not respond to requests for comment . The climb was hardly the first time a New York City building had been turned into a stage . From Philippe Petit ’s famous cable walk above the World Trade Center in 1974 to the Puerto Rican nationalists who occupied the Statue of Liberty in 1977 , draping the island ’s flag from Liberty , those seeking attention have , at times , found it at the top of the Liberty . But in a     world , the stunts and the outrageous images they often generate have the potential to grab attention more quickly than ever . One video stream of the Trump Tower climb , posted on Facebook , drew about 5 . 8 million views , with a majority of those from people tuning in while the climb was in progress . " It ’s so much easier to get your message out and do it live , " said Glenn your message , a professor of security , fire and emergency management at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice . " Back then all you got was the nightly news . " The developer Douglas Durst spoke about the two climbers who scaled The New York Times Building on the same day in 2008 . He said he had taken steps The developer Douglas Durst two The developer Douglas Durst his buildings   —    Via The developer Douglas Durst , a    residential building on the West Side of Manhattan , as well as 1 World Trade Center   —    to discourage climbers . At Via , on 57th Street near the West Side Highway , an overhang was designed for the base of the building instead of the angular walls reaching down to the sidewalk that were initially planned . " We ’re now very aware of having to design buildings so they are not scalable , " having to design buildings Durst said . Security experts described the challenge of securing large buildings as a constant push , one that involved sufficient staffing in addition to shrewd design . " There ’s always going to be people who are going to try to steal and commit assault , and climb buildings , " said Mark Lerner , the president of Epic Security Corporation , which provides security for more than 100 buildings in New York City . " You need the proper security and personnel to act as a deterrent . " But the precautions have their limitations . Three daredevils    the precautions the top of the World Trade Center in 2013 , filming their exploits from a helmet camera . The next year , a     sneaked past security and Mr. Rogata to the top of the 1 past security 776 foot tower . The police said Mr. Rogata told them the brazen stunt had a simple The police : He wanted to meet Mr. Trump , Mr. Rogata motivation that he laid out in a YouTube video Mr. Rogata was posted before the climb . A spokeswoman for the police said they believed he had The police type of The police disorder A spokeswoman for the police " Tourists strolled by the tower on Thursday , with some stopping to snap selfies in front of it . Richard Monacchio , 50 , who was in Mr. Monacchio after watching the video stream . the tower ’m surprised security did n’t start running out immediately , " Mr. his said of the stunt . Still , he added about Mr. Rogata,"I was hoping he would make it . " 
 Mr. Monacchio Mr. Monacchio 