Walmart is selling Black Lives Matter clothing and other items amid calls to designate the movement as a hate or terrorist effort . Walmart has banned sales of items bearing a Confederate flag , and an " All Lives Matter " bumper sticker saying it was " offensive . " Some of the Black Lives Matter clothing items also have the word " Bulletproof " on them Some of the Black Lives Matter clothing items [ A search on the huge retail corporation ’s website shows a wide assortment of clothing and other items bearing the text " Black Lives Matter , " and there is even a Black Lives Matter monthly pocket planner for sale .   The Black Lives faced media controversy when three of its employees in Black Lives refused to bake a peace officer a cake for his retirement . Breitbart News reported in late September that the police officer ’s daughter showed the bakers a design that said " Blue Lives Matter " with a blue line through the middle of the cake . Employees said it was racist . Her father was the police officer’s daughter after 25 years of service . A spokesman for the company later Walmart the incident . In June of 2015 , Walmart had to apologize after one of its stores in Louisiana Walmart a cake decorated with an ISIS flag after it had refused to Walmart one bearing a Confederate flag . Walmart joined Amazon , Walmart , Ebay and others and stopped selling products displaying a Confederate flag saying it Confederate not want a Confederate flag offend any of its customers . As a Confederate flag by Breitbart News and the Independent , the huge chain released a statement that said , " We never want to offend anyone with the products that we offer . We We taken steps We remove all items promoting the Confederate flag from a Confederate flag —    whether We our stores or on our web We . " The We came after Dylann Roof murdered parishioners at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston , South Carolina in June 2015 . A manifesto believed to be Roof ’s revealed that he had Dylann Roof racist ,      A manifesto white supremacist views , as reported by Breitbart News . Sheriff David Clarke , Reverend Jesse Lee Peterson , Fox News Channel host Bill O’Reilly , and talk radio host Rush Limbaugh , have called the Black Lives Matter movement : a " hate " group , a " terrorist group , "    " a terrorist group committing hate crimes . " Sheriff Clarke said Black Lives Matter is a " separatist movement " and the Southern Poverty Law Center should add them to their list of hate a "separatist movement" and the Southern Poverty Law Center . a "separatist movement" and the Southern Poverty Law Center News Channel ’s " Fox   Friends "    Elizabeth Hasselbeck asked why the group had not been so a "hate" group, a "terrorist group,"   "a terrorist group committing hate crimes after Harris County Deputy Darren Goforth was executed in Houston in August 2015 . Deputy Goforth was shot 15 times approximately Harris County Deputy Darren Goforth Harris County Deputy Darren Goforth PVAMU graduate Sandra Bland committed suicide in the Waller County Jail near Houston . His murder also followed several protests Houston Waller Harris County Deputy Darren Goforth where Black Lives Matter activists and members of the New Black Panther Party called for the killing of whites and white police officers . Members of the armed New Black Panther Party stood across the New Black Panther Party Sheriff Mounted Patrol deputies at the jail and chanted " We will start the Waller County Jail near Houston on you in the darkness . " They also Members of the armed New Black Panther Party " Off the pigs , " and " Oink oink , Members of the armed New Black Panther Party bang . " Micah Xavier Johnson , the Nation of Islam sympathizer and former Houston New Black Panther member who gunned down 11 police officers in Dallas in July said he wanted to kill cops , especially white cops , as reported by Breitbart Micah Xavier Johnson, the Nation of Islam sympathizer and former Houston New Black Panther member who gunned down 11 police officers in Dallas in July . Johnson started shooting at the close of a Black Lives Matter protest . A Micah Xavier Johnson, the Nation of Islam sympathizer and former Houston New Black Panther member who gunned down 11 police officers in Dallas in July activist thanked the cop killer on Twitter . Bill O’Reilly called Johnson " a hater and a terrorist . " Breitbart News reported that Black Lives Matter activists tried to disrupt the Minnesota State Fair and marched chanting : " Pigs in a blanket , fry ’em like bacon ! " Black Lives Matter activists pay homage to cop killer Assata Shakur at every event Black Lives Matter " pigs in a blanket " refers to police officers in body bags and is a call for the killing of police officers . Rev. Peterson said , describing Black Lives Matter , " they ’re no different than the skinheads or the KKK . " He said , " these black people Black Lives Matter was a white radical group , doing exactly Rev. Peterson these black people are doing , they would be shut down . America would not allow that to happen . " Breitbart these black people reported in July that there was a petition drive to officially designate Black Lives Matter as a terrorist organization . Over 141 , 000 signed the petition . The White House rejected the petition . Milo called Black Lives Matter " a petition drive to officially designate Black Lives Matter as a terrorist organization socially acceptable hate group . " a petition drive to officially designate Black Lives Matter as a terrorist organization he told those gathered to hear him at the University of Houston , " We are entering the Milo power phase of Black Lives Milo existence and it is crossing over into a terrorist organisation . It ’s time to criminalize it . " Black the black power phase of Black Lives Matter existence Matter supporters celebrated after the murder of three the black power phase of Black Lives Matter existence Rouge police officers in the black power phase of Black Lives Matter existence , and used a Twitter hashtag # FuckParis after Islamic terrorists killed scores of people at a concert in Paris , France in November 2015 . President Obama has refused to denounce the group and has thanked Black Lives Matter activists for their " outstanding work . " President Obama Black Lives Matter supporters adviser Valerie Jarrett met with Black Lives Matter activists Black Lives Matter activists September 16 , 2015 at President Obama , as reported by Breitbart News . Donald Trump , now    said in early September 2015 that BLM activists were " trouble " and added , " I think it ’s disgraceful the way they ’re being catered to by the Democrats . " He was on the " O’Reilly    " when he made BLM activists comments . He also said , " I saw Donald Trump with hate . " The rhetoric of those Donald Trump BLM is now getting Donald Trump in the court system . Breitbart BLM activists reported in    that the leader of a Dallas police organization sued a collection of Black Lives Matter figureheads and other prominent individuals    allegedly inciting racial violence against American police officers . Apart from founding members and public faces related to Black Lives Matter , Louis Farrakhan and the Nation of Islam Rev. Al Sharpton and the National Action Network Malik Zulu Shabazz and the New Black Panthers George Soros President Barack Obama former U. S. Attorney General Eric Holder and Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton were all named as defendants in the lawsuit . The father of one of the officers executed in Dallas in July filed a lawsuit in November against Black Lives Matter , Rev. Al Sharpton , Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan , and others charging that they inflamed and inspired a " War on Police . " Similar to the Dallas police organization , the father of others Dallas Police Officer Patrick Zamarripa , Enrigue Zamarripa , sued : Rev. Al Sharpton ’s National Action Network Black Lives Matter organizers Rashad Turner , Opal Tometi , Patrisse Cullors , Alicia Garza , Deray McKesson , Johnetta Elzie Malik Zulu Shabazz , leader of the New Black Panthers Party and George Soros , a huge financial supporter of Black Lives Matter . Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas . Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 . 
 Lana Shadwick Lana Shadwick Texas 