   Thursday at the Christian Monitor Science breakfast in Washington , D. C. Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) explained the one area where D. C. Sen. Bernie Sanders could find some agreement with    Donald Trump , which is in the area of how to handle corporate America .   D. C. Sen. Bernie Sanders criticized corporations exporting jobs overseas to lower costs to the detriment of the middle class and the working class in the United States and said if Trump indeed has the " guts " to take on corporations exporting jobs overseas to lower costs to the detriment of the middle class and the working class in the United States , D. C. Sen. Bernie Sanders would have an ally with D. C. Sen. Bernie Sanders . " [ T]hey think they can save some money in Indiana by moving to Mexico and hiring people there for $ 3 a hour , " D. C. Sen. Bernie Sanders said . " I will do everything I can to stop those types of transactions . And in that area , I look forward to working with Mr. Trump to tell corporate America you know what ? You can not keep running all over the world whether it is China or Vietnam or God knows where searching for the cheapest possible labor where you destroy the middle class or the working class of this China So I do look forward to coming up with ideas to tell corporate corporate America America the tariff may well be one of them   —    may well be one of those options . " " But I think corporate America , which is doing phenomenally well by and large , large corporations are making huge profits , " he continued . " They ’re stashing large corporations profits in large corporations Cayman Islands . In a given year the corporations like General Electric and others will not pay a nickel in the federal corporate tax . That it is absurd . And if Mr. Trump has the guts to stand up to those corporations , demand that they start paying those corporations fair share those corporations taxes , demanded that they create jobs those corporations protect jobs in America and protect jobs in America , he America have Mr. Trump ally with me . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 