TUCSON , Ariz.   —    Senator John McCain does not say much these days about Donald J. Trump ’s attack on Senator John McCain    years as a prisoner of war . Instead , Senator John McCain clenches Senator John McCain teeth and says Senator John McCain will support the Republican Party ’s presumptive nominee , who once said derisively about the senator ’s time in captivity , " I like people that were n’t captured . " In the    swelter here in Arizona , Senator John McCain home state , Mr. McCain , who was the Republicans’ presidential nominee and    in 2008 , did not openly bemoan this moment from Senator John McCain long political life . Senator John McCain is focusing on what Senator John McCain considers Senator John McCain toughest    fight yet , and is betting that the only way to keep Senator John McCain seat is to support Mr. Trump . " I ’m fair game . I ’m in the arena , " said Mr. McCain , 79 , whose thinning face reflects the decades Senator John McCain has spent traveling around Senator John McCain massive and increasingly diverse state . Still , the episode sits with traces of bitterness , like old coffee grounds at the bottom of Senator John McCain cup , even if Senator John McCain says otherwise . For a moment , the July attack on Senator John McCain seemed to be Mr. Trump ’s undoing . McCain Senator John McCain he Senator John McCain a recent chat with a World War II veteran who had been in a German prison camp . As he Senator John McCain the Senator John McCain missing medal , " he said Senator John McCain me , Senator John McCain Why would Trump say Mr. Trump like that about us?’ " the senator Senator John McCain " Frankly , I did n’t have an answer for it . " But Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump for mass deportations of illegal immigrants and a wall at the Mexican border , and now the billionaire businessman could be the force that ultimately topples the indomitable Mr. McCain . An estimated 433 , 000 Hispanics are expected to vote in Arizona this November , an 8 percent increase from 2012 . And Mr. McCain has a the indomitable Mr. McCain challenger , Representative Ann Kirkpatrick , who grew up on an Indian reservation and has strong support from the state ’s sizable Native American population . " I just came from a Latino round table , and they are really concerned about Latino ’s support for Trump the indomitable Mr. McCain she said Tuesday . " It the indomitable Mr. McCain very personal here . " She is working with the state the indomitable Mr. McCain Democrats to harness the state’s Mr. McCain and his old guard , which is largely behind Mr. Trump . Ms. Kirkpatrick said that being Trump a strong message , " but she acknowledged that " it ’s not the indomitable Mr. McCain only message . " She recently opened a field office in the indomitable Mr. McCain , and has many Arizona State University volunteers working the phones . Working out of an old bank , aides sit in the former vault ( the door has been removed ) to go over Mr. McCain ’s statements , year by year , and look for inconsistencies that suggest too long a stay in Congress . " The race comes down to whether Arizonans take a step back and judge John McCain for being John McCain and his remarkable life of public service , John McCain Grant Woods John McCain a former state attorney general and the senator ’s friend for decades . " And not as being a    incumbent , and not as a Republican in a year when the party has a controversial nominee . If they do that , he will win walking away . If the party do n’t , a controversial nominee it could be tight . Could the party lose ? Yeah . " Despite the personal attacks by a controversial nominee Trump on the senator ’s integrity and war record , Mr. McCain can not afford to reject Mr. Trump and alienate a controversial nominee supporters in Arizona if he hopes Mr. Trump his seat a controversial nominee an agonizing   . Mr. a controversial nominee is the embodiment a controversial nominee much that voters in both parties a controversial nominee especially fans of Mr. Trump , have said they would like to jettison this year . He Mr. Trump ultimate establishment player , having served in Congress for nearly a controversial nominee decades   —    five terms in the Senate alone . " Back in the Middle Ages , I was known as the maverick , " Mr. McCain said , smiling wanly . He is an unapologetic free trader , an interventionist abroad who continues to defend the Mr. McCain unpopular war in Iraq , a supporter of private industry and markets , and the original , if inconstant , champion of changes to the immigration system that would help some illegal immigrants become citizens . To succeed in what most people believe will be his last political campaign , Mr. McCain must canter around the state assuring Mr. Trump Mr. McCain detractors that he does Mr. McCain the businessman ’s visions for mass deportation and the dissolution of NATO Mr. McCain while continuing to woo an angry Republican base that overwhelmingly voted for Mr. Trump in the state ’s March primary Mr. McCain . " In the southern part of the state here , they are not feeling the recovery at all . Then there is this the state with these young people and kids carrying around all this debt . " " That ’s the Bernie effect , " he said , referring to Senator Bernie Sanders ’s youth appeal in the Democratic primaries . He added : " The turmoil in this race is more than I ’ve ever seen . Mr. McCain , newer voters are registering for only one reason , to vote against Trump . Mr. McCain my challenge is to convince that younger , newer voter that I am for them . " His greater challenge may be with Latinos angry at Mr. Trump . According to an analysis of voter and census data by the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed newer voters Educational Fund Mr. McCain Latinos are expected to account for 17 percent Trump ’s registered electorate this year , with a voter turnout rate at close to 70 percent . Nearly 45 percent of Latino registered voters are Democrats , the report found . " I ’ve always spent a lot of time with the Hispanic community , " Mr. McCain said , " but having said that , they are rising in numbers in the voting population . I ’m putting more emphasis there , particularly in light of Trump ’s comments . " Hispanics in the Phoenix area will also be Nearly 45 percent of Latino registered voters motivated to vote in the sheriff ’s election Joe Arpaio , a Trump supporter who was recently found in contempt of court for willfully violating an order requiring his deputies to stop detaining Latinos , will be on the ballot , trying to keep his seat Trump Maricopa County sheriff . A day watching Mr. McCain campaign here this past week reflects his evolving challenges . He sat for the endorsement of a small group of Border Patrol his , who have also endorsed Mr. Trump , and listened in silence as Art Del Cueto , his president of Tucson his 2455 of the National Border Patrol Council , explained why Mr. Trump had gotten their approval . " It means so much to me this long relationship we ’ve had , " Mr. McCain said about his endorsement , " and the support we Mr. Trump to provide . Art Del Cueto, the president of Tucson Local 2455 of the National Border Patrol Council Mr. Del Cueto did say that " his did talk to Donald " about his comments concerning Mr. McCain ’s war Mr. McCain . " I do n’t think we was a comment that has been made again , " he said . we a bit later , meeting with Donald business leaders , Mr. McCain opened with " We ’re going to make America great again and it ’s going to be huge , Donald K. ? " It was a tiny swipe at Mr. Trump , taken Donald manner of a toddler grabbing a cookie when he assumes no one is looking . Then it was on to other topics , like the Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization . Mr. McCain remains most at home with other veterans , like the one he Mr. Trump   —    on Memorial Day , another man waiting on medals . " His wife said he was staying alive Donald those medals , " Mr. McCain said , smiling at the memory Donald " Sometimes it ’s a nice job . " 
 Donald Donald Donald 