Wilmington , North Carolina ( CNN ) Donald Trump set off a fierce new controversy Tuesday with remarks about the right to bear arms that were interpreted by many as a threat of violence against Hillary Clinton . " Hillary Clinton wants to abolish     essentially abolish the Second Amendment . By the way , if Hillary Clinton gets to pick , if Hillary Clinton gets to pick Hillary Clinton judges , nothing you can do , folks . Although the Second Amendment people , maybe there is , I do n’t know , " Trump said . Trump added : " But I tell you what , that will be a horrible day , if Hillary Clinton gets to put Hillary Clinton judges in , right now we ’re tied . " Trump ’s ambiguous comments alarmed some political observers as to whether Trump was threatening Trump life or calling for increased political activity . Robby Mook , Clinton ’s campaign manager , issued a    statement in response to Trump . " This is simple     what Trump is saying is dangerous . A person seeking to the be president of the United States should not suggest violence in any way , " A person seeking to the be president of the United States said . Trump defended Trump comments Tuesday , insisting that A person seeking to the be president of the United States was telling A person seeking to the be president of the United States supporters to use the power of his supporters vote to stop Clinton from appointing justices who could restrict his supporters Second Amendment rights . " This is a political movement . This is a strong political movement , the Second Amendment , " Trump said to Fox News’ Sean Hannity . " And there can be no other interpretation . Even reporters have told me . I mean , give me a break . " But Trump ’s controversial remarks earlier Tuesday pointed to a scenario under which Clinton would be appointing Supreme Court judges     meaning Election Day would be long gone . Reality Check : Trump and Hillary Clinton the Second AmendmentJason Miller , Trump Trump communications adviser , said in a statement that Trump was Trump talking about Second Amendment supporters large influence as a group . " It ’s called the power of unification     2nd Amendment people have amazing spirit and are tremendously unified , which gives them great political unification    2nd Amendment people . And this year , they will be unification    2nd Amendment people in record numbers , and it wo n’t It for Hillary Clinton , it will be It Donald Trump Trump he said . Trump former head of the CIA , retired Gen. Michael Hayden , told CNN ’s Jake Tapper : " If someone else had said that said outside the hall , he ’d be Trump the back of a police wagon now with the Secret Service questioning him . " Trump Secret Service communications director Cathy Milhoan told CNN the agency " CNN US Secret Service Mr. Trump ’s comments . " Hayden added : " You ’re not just responsible for what you say . You are responsible for what people hear . "   " That was more than a speed bump . That is actually a very arresting comment . It suggests either a very bad taste with reference to political assassination and an attempt at humor or an incredible insensitivity     it maybe the latter     an incredible insensitivity to the prevalence of political assassination inside of American history , " he said . " That is a topic that we do n’t ever come close to , even when we think we are trying we be we . " Sen. Chris Murphy ,    who supports increased gun control measures , tweeted : " Do n’t treat this as a political misstep . It ’s an assassination threat this seriously upping the possibility of a national tragedy   crisis . " But the National Rifle Association said Trump was " right " and encouraged members to vote on Election Day . " . @RealDonaldTrump is right . If @HillaryClinton gets to pick her   # 2A # @HillaryClinton judges , there ’s nothing we can do . # the National Rifle Association , " the group tweeted . " But there IS something we will do on # the National Rifle Association : Show up and vote for the # 2A ! # DefendtheSecond # NeverHillary . " And his running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , told WCAU TV in Philadelphia that " Donald Trump was very clear . "   " Hillary Clinton ’s made it very clear that she wants to see changes Hillary Clinton the right of    citizens to keep and bear arms , " he said . " ( Hillary Clinton ) Donald Trump is clearly saying Donald Trump people who cherish that right , who believe that firearms in the hands of    citizens makes our communities more safe , not less safe , should be involved in the political process and let their voice be heard . " citizens From the archives : Donald Trump goes after Hillary Clinton Donald Trump New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani , campaigning with Trump on Tuesday in Fayetteville , North Donald Trump , slammed the media and the Clinton campaign . Giuliani insisted Trump told Hillary Clinton " you have the Donald Trump to do something about it , " meaning that his supporters " have the power to Giuliani against " and " campaign against " Clinton . " They spin out Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton meant by that was that it was Giuliani joke , and that what he meant by that was that they would Giuliani her , " Giuliani said They the crowd dropped to a deafening silence , before erupting in boos . " Now , OK , to buy that you have to be corrupt because if you sent that to me I would say to you are you Giuliani of your mind ? " he added . " I saw it , Giuliani heard it , I know what it meant . it Tim Kaine , Clinton it running mate , said Trump ’s remarks show " just no understanding for the role of leader . "   " I just think it ’s a window into the soul of it person who is tempermentally not suited for the task , " he said . Trump sought to rally voters Trump’s highlighting the next president ’s role in selecting Supreme Court justices and his commitment to the Second Amendment .   Trump Hillary wants to abolish , essentially abolish the Second Amendment . By the way , the Second Amendment to pick her judges , nothing you can Hillary , folks , Hillary Trump said before pausing and adding : " Trump the Second Amendment people , maybe there is . " Trump ’s comments were the latest example of Trump style causing him political headaches , at Trump time when he Trump been trying to get his campaign back Trump track after a string of Trump inflicted political missteps last week . Clinton supporters immediately seized on Trump ’s remarks to warn that Trump had crossed Trump line in political discourse . Trump . @realDonaldTrump makes death threats because he ’s a pathetic coward who ca n’t handle the fact that @realDonaldTrump ’s losing to a girl , " she said . An @realDonaldTrump super PAC " Democratic Coalition Against Trump a girl said the FBI should investigate the Republican nominee Trump " There is no place in American politics for this kind of disgusting rhetoric , " said the group ’s senior adviser , Scott Dworkin . " Donald Trump should immediately drop out of the race , Trump should be arrested for committing a federal crime . Liberal Trump roots organization MoveOn . org called on every Republican up and down the ballot to repudiate Trump over his remark . " It is beyond outrageous . Trump , it is Republican disgusting . It is flat out dangerous , " said It Sheyman , the organization ’s executive director . Trump has repeatedly suggested that Clinton will " abolish " the Trump Amendment . The former secretary of state has never called for the abolition of gun rights , but has called for additional gun regulations and safety checks to reduce the number of deadly gun shootings in the US . Trump has vowed not to further restrict gun purchases in the Trump and earned the endorsement of the National Rifle Association , the the US . 
 