Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is speaking directly to America ’s police officers and law enforcement . [ " We must maintain law and order at the highest level or We will cease to have a country , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump stressed while speaking at The Westin Virginia Beach Town Center .   " I am the law and order candidate , " he declared . The audience erupted in applause and cheers . " Hillary Clinton on the other hand is weak , ineffective , pandering and [ as proven by ] Hillary Clinton recent email scandal   —    which was an embarrassment not only to Hillary Clinton , but to the entire nation as a whole   —     Hillary Clinton ’s either a liar or grossly incompetent   …     it ’s probably both . " Trump said Hillary Clinton ’s conduct with Trump email use and private server was " willful , intentional and unlawful . " " Trump was fully aware of Trump guilt . Trump knew it . Trump ’s probably the most surprised person that Trump was able to get away with it , " Trump alleged of the presumptive Democratic nominee . " This is calculated , deliberate , premeditated misconduct followed by a cover up that included false statements and lies to Congress , the media and the American people . " Trump was critical of Clinton ’s interview with the FBI over the Fourth of July weekend , reminding the audience that it was n’t recorded or under oath . " Clearly , Clinton thinks she Clinton above the law . Come November , the American people will show her that she Clinton not Clinton the law . the law Not only am I the law and order candidate , " but also the " candidate of compassion , " Trump stated , attempting to differentiate himself from Clinton . Trump Clinton will the American people all Americans . " Trump told the audience Trump everyone deserves to walk about their communities feeling safe the audience adding , " without safety , we have nothing . " " It ’s the job of the next president to make America safe again for everyone , " he stressed . Before Trump about veterans issues and his plan to reform Trump Affairs ( VA ) Trump spoke about the attack in Dallas , Texas last week where five police officers were murdered during an    street protest . " Our police officers run into danger every single day , " but often are " under relentless criticism , " Trump stated , defending Trump enforcement . " I want our nation ’s police to know that we thank you from our bottom of our heart . " our We support you and our will always stand our you , " Trump vowed to the Trump , adding that after the attack in Dallas , " Our whole nation is our nation " Law enforcement separates civilization from total chaos , Trump explained . " Trump police are needed the most the police is the highest . " Trump compared the backlash Trump are facing now days to the backlash Vietnam veterans faced in the past , saying , " For too many police today , that is their daily reality . " He then too many police veterans Trump who " represent the very best of America . " Trump said it ’s Trump to Trump the promise to veterans that , " You defend America and America will defend you . America " America that promise has been broken by our the promise " he added . " Trump Clinton recently said of the VA scandal that it has not been as wide spread as the VA scandal has been made out to be   the VA scandal     she ’s been part of this rigged system Hillary Clinton a long time . " " Perhaps it ’s easy for politicians to lose touch with reality , " Trump criticized , saying they ’ve lost touch with real people because Trump ’re being paid by big donors . Trump The disconnect in America is deep . There are two Americas : the ruling class and the groups it favors , and then everyone else . " Trump suggested that if elected , he ’ll Trump an investigation in January 2017 Trump will reveal more corruption within the VA . " Fixing this corruption will be one of my many more corruption priorities . " " Every veteran will get timely access to top quality medical care , " he promised , adding they ’ll have " the Every veteran to choose their Every veteran and clinics . " " We must Every veteran this right to all veterans , Every veteran he stressed . 
 Every veteran 