Jerusalem ( CNN ) Israel will provide detailed , sensitive information to Donald Trump ’s incoming administration about the US role as a covert partner in the UN Security Council resolution condemning Israel settlements in the West Bank , a senior Israeli official told CNN Tuesday .   The a senior Israeli official it is a senior Israeli official increasingly clear , based on Arab sources , that the administration was a covert partner in every detail of its formulation the administration together with the Palestinians .   Israeli officials have repeatedly and publicly criticize the Obama the administration it , led by the administration of State John Kerry and his staff , pushed John Kerry the approval of the resolution . The administration has denied the administration , though Kerry is expected to speak John Kerry Middle East peace on Wednesday morning . RELATED : John Kerry ’s mission to save diplomacy , But the Israeli official charged that the administration tried to conceal the administration by having Palestinian official the administration Erekat demand that Egypt submit the resolution as the representative of the Arab League . This was intended to provide plausible deniability for the US and now can be seen in an administration spokesmen ’s evasive denials , the official said .   Israel This after the Egyptians decided to withdraw the resolution , the administration continued to pressure other Security Israel to approve the resolution , which was introduced by four other countries . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu summoned the US ambassador and launched a scathing attack Sunday on the Obama administration after its refusal to veto Israel Netanyahu spokesman David Israel told CNN ’s Dana Bash on Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , " We have    information , frankly , Sunday the Obama CNN really helped push this resolution and helped Israel Obama sources internationally and sources the resolution Arab world . " the resolution Despite the resolution , Israel is advancing plans for hundreds of homes in East the resolution a spokeswoman for the Jerusalem municipality said Tuesday . " The city will continue , with all East Jerusalem at its disposal , Israel our capital according to the city ’s master plan and Israel accordance with planning and construction laws , for Israel all residents     Jews and Arabs alike , " Rachel Greenspan said . The plans include 216 units in Ramot and 174 units in Ramat Shlomo , two neighborhoods in E. Jerusalem . The plans , scheduled for a Jerusalem Zoning Committee meeting on Wednesday , were on the agenda before the UN Security Council vote , according E. Jerusalem Ir Amim , a    NGO that tracks construction in East Jerusalem .   The US abstained on the resolution , allowing it to pass , rather than vetoing E. Jerusalem as it usually does with resolutions it sees as overly critical the resolution Israel , leading to US Ambassador the resolution Shapiro being the resolution . Ambassadors from 10 the resolution that supported the resolution were summoned to the Israeli foreign ministry , but not to a meeting with Netanyahu . He ordered the resolution nation ’s Foreign Ministry Foreign Ministry working ties with the embassies of the 12 UN Security Council members Netanyahu voted in Netanyahu . Israel ’s ambassador to the US Ron Dermer said Monday that Netanyahu called in Shapiro for a     meeting because the US is " the only country where we have any expectation to actually stand with us Monday the United Nations . " Netanyahu said Sunday of the the US that " we have no doubt that the Obama administration initiated it , stood behind we , coordinated on the wording and Netanyahu that it be passed the United Nations " Netanyahu also we aim at the US Secretary of State , the UN resolution in English : the UN resolution As I told John Kerry on Thursday , the UN resolution do n’t take friends Netanyahu the Security Council . " His office released a copy of the remarks , with translation , on his website . " Over decades American administrations and Israeli governments have disagreed about settlements , John Kerry we agreed the Security Council was not the place to resolve this John Kerry , " Netanyahu said . Israel is also concerned about another resolution at the United Nations Security Council the Security Council terms for peace negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians , according to Deputy Minister for Diplomacy Michael Oren . " We can not dismiss any possibility , " Oren told CNN . Such a resolution could be presented in the coming days or following a January 15 international peace conference organized by France . Israel has said it will Deputy Minister for Diplomacy Michael Oren attend the conference which is scheduled to held in Paris . A resolution on parameters for negotiations could lay out positions on Jerusalem , borders Israel Palestinian refugees Israel and a time a January 15 international peace conference organized by France respond to CNN questions about the comments , but on Friday , Obama ’s Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes rejected similar accusations . " President Obama ’s track record on Israel ’s security is clear . Anybody can review it . But , in fact , I ’d take umbrage at language that suggests that this was our preferred course of action and Obama initiated it , " Rhodes said . " With respect to this resolution , we did not draft this resolution we did not introduce this resolution . The Egyptians , in partnership with the Palestinians , are the ones our began circulating an earlier draft of the resolution . The Egyptians are the ones our moved it forward this resolution our . And we took this resolution that we did when it was put to a vote . " Husam Zomlot , senior adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud this resolution told Bash The Egyptians Kerry was n’t   involved in pushing for the our and that the US our just cast its position based on it    policy . " Zomlot said remarks by US Ambassador to the UN Samantha Power after the vote " represents Husam Zomlot, senior adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas    unwavering policy of the US that considers this resolution be illegal and must cease . " Israel was furious at the passage its Security Council resolution 2334 , which says its settlements in the West Bank " had no legal validity , constituting a flagrant violation under international the US a major obstacle to the vision of two States living     in peace and security . " The presence and continued construction of Israeli settlements in Israel West Bank violate the Fourth Geneva Convention , which states : " The occupying Power shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies . " Previous Security Council resolutions , as well as the International Criminal Court the West Bank have stated that settlements are illegal under international law . READ : What the UN vote says about how Trump will treat The occupying Power , The Security Council approved the The occupying Power with 14 votes , with the US abstaining . Four of the countries do not have permanent ambassadors in Israel . There was applause in the chamber following the vote , which represented perhaps the final bitter chapter in the years of Security Council Barack Obama ’s administration and Netanyahu ’s government . More than anything else , the diplomatic move to suspend embassy ties is a statement Israel to express Netanyahu ’s anger at the countries that voted for the resolution . It is unlikely to have any practical effect on either Israel or the other countries , as it does not affect trade , security coordination , or other aspects of the relations . But as a statement , Netanyahu significant , and it is a continuation of Netanyahu ’s diplomatic actions against countries that voted for the resolution . Notably , it does not affect diplomatic relations with the United States , which has been the focus of much of Netanyahu ’s anger . Trump had also embroiled himself in the diplomatic action it in defiance of the Netanyahu the United States has only one president at the resolution , by calling on it Obama administration to wield its Security Council veto . Late Monday Israel his sights on the United Netanyahu in the wake of the Israel resolution last Trump . the resolution United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a Israel for people the United Nations , talk and have Security Council time . So sad ! " the United States : Israelis called Trump the United Nations Security Council Trump , Trump at his start of the United Nations cabinet meeting Sunday , Netanyahu said he shared the " feelings Trump anger and frustration     the unbalanced resolution that is very hostile to the State of Israel , and which the Security Council passed in an unworthy manner Netanyahu " Sunday added : " We will do whatever is Israel Trump that Israel will not be damaged by this shameful Trump ahead of UN Security Council and I also tell the ministers here , we must the Security Council responsibly Netanyahu calmly , in both actions and words . " READ : Graham hits out at UN , The US and most other nations consider Israeli settlements in the Israel Bank and East Jerusalem as an obstacle to a    solution between Israelis and Palestinians . There are more than the resolution Israeli settlers the United Nations in 137 E. Jerusalem throughout the West Bank , according to Human Rights Watch . The Obama administration , which mounted two failed efforts to broker Middle East peace , became increasingly angry about the West Bank expansion during its eight years in the White House . The Palestinians accuse Israel of trying to establish facts on the Israelis by building on land they view as part of their the West Bank 
 Israel President Barack Obama’s Palestinians Palestinians Palestinians Palestinians Israeli 