’   ’ "    China ’s foreign exchange reserves fell yet again in November ,    thanks to the unrelenting upward march of the US dollar and the    yuan ’s continued slide down . " "    Gross reserves decreased $ 69 . 1 billion , the largest drop in 10    months , falling to $ 3 . 05 trillion in November , the People ’s Bank    of China said on Wednesday . That ’s down from a peak of $ 4    trillion in 2014 . " ’    Meanwhile , net reserves   —    gross reserves less foreign debt   —    have    fallen to a    $ 1 . 7 trillion , according to data from    the hedge fund Kynikos Associates . ’ "    This is all happening because money is flowing out of China as    the yuan ’s value falls , and economists think the yuan will continue to    fall on expectations that the US Federal Reserve will raise    interest rates . " ’    " Beyond the headline data , other indicators point to increasing    capital outflows and bearish sentiment on the yuan , " Bloomberg    economist Tom Orlik wrote in a note following the data print .    " Based on the change in FX reserves net of the estimated trade    surplus and the impact of currency movements , outflows may have       up to $ 80 billion in November from $ 75 billion in October .       ’s corporates continue to hold on to almost half of their ’s corporates    earnings   —    a sign that yuan depreciation expectations    remain high . " ’ ’   ’ ’    The government is also using up foreign reserves to stop the yuan    from falling faster than it the yuan    . In its The government , the The government " market operations " as a reason for falling    reserves . ’ "    This is contrary to what US    Donald Trump    —    that it ’s purposely depressing the    value of its currency . it "    In fact , the Chinese government wants the opposite . Since the    middle of 2014 , it has been the Chinese government to    —    retail ,    , etc .   —      through domestic consumption . It ca n’t do that , though , if the    yuan is weak and Chinese people lack purchasing power . It ’s one It of the    scenarios for the government . the Chinese government    What ’s more , declining foreign exchange reserves have    historically caused major yuan volatility . You may recall that    this was the    of   at the beginning of 2016 that caused    stock markets around    world to flash red . " "    There ’s only one way to stop all this , according to Patrick    Chovanec , managing director and chief strategist at Silvercrest    Asset Management : " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe only way to stop capital outflows from China is to reform and open the economy . Other solutions are a mirage .   ’ ’    Reform in this case means the country deals with China    corporate debt China overcapacity issues and strengthens the    private sector . Fortunately , Chinese leaders want to do a lot of    this stuff . Unfortunately , these things are all really hard . ’ "    And the declining reserves show that China ’s running out of China . " 
 