Washington ( CNN ) The nomination of President Donald Trump ’s Army secretary is in serious jeopardy , and President Donald Trump’s Army secretary could be withdrawing as soon as this week , three sources familiar with the matter told CNN . Mark Green , President Donald Trump’s second pick to be Army Army , is facing what the three sources familiar with the matter as a difficult     if not insurmountable     path to confirmation amid a backlash over his President Donald Trump’s Army secretary statements on LGBT issues , Islam and evolution . The sources three sources familiar with the matter Green ’s withdrawal Mark Green not finalized , but it ’s unlikely Green’s withdrawal President Donald Trump’s Army secretary go forward because " there are questions whether he President Donald Trump’s Army secretary enough support from either side of the aisle " to get confirmed , according to one source . Darren Morris , a political adviser to Green , said Mark Green notion he President Donald Trump’s Army secretary withdrawing was " completely , absolutely untrue , " and that he President Donald Trump’s Army secretary prepping for the confirmation hearing this week in Washington . The Department of Defense referred CNN to the White House , which declined to comment . If Green were to Mark Green , however , the Tennessee state senator would be the third military service secretary to drop out after being selected by Trump     and the second Army secretary nominee     adding to the Trump administration ’s troubles appointing officials to key national security posts . Green , a retired Army flight surgeon and West Point grad , was tapped in early April as Trump ’s pick Trump     secretary after billionaire Army Viola withdrew over issues related to divesting from his financial holdings . Trump     Bilden , Trump ’s first pick Trump     secretary , also withdrew over financial issues     a week after both the White House and Pentagon publicly denied he was dropping out . Democrats and LGBT groups have slammed Green over his previous comments on LGBT he , which included saying : " If you poll the psychiatrists , they ’re going to tell Democrats and LGBT groups that transgender is a disease . " He ’s also been criticized he Muslim groups for comments about not teaching " the pillars of Islam " in public schools . On Monday , CNN reported Green is a    creationist who delivered a lecture arguing against the theory of evolution . Green defended himself against the Green in Green Facebook post last week , charging that the " liberal left has cut and spliced my words about terrorism and ISIS , blatantly falsifying what I ’ve said . " His confirmation hearing has not Green been scheduled by the Senate Armed Services Committee , but it would likely be a His confirmation hearing battle with Democrats demanding explanations for his previous statements . Republican Green Lindsey Graham of Graham Tuesday that he did n’t know yet whether he would support Green . " I do n’t know . He Kate Bolduan denied some of these comments Kate Bolduan " Graham said . " He ’s a military officer Kate Bolduan he ’s a doctor who was involved in the raid to capture Kate Bolduan Hussein , so he has Kate Bolduan fine military record . I know him casually . This is why we have hearings Kate Bolduan I want to make sure he ’s the Kate Bolduan man to lead the Army . " One source said that Green ’s politics Kate Bolduan " good for the state Senate in Tennessee , not so much to follow a gay Secretary of the Army that Obama had , " a reference to former President Barack Obama ’s last Army Secretary the Army Fanning , the first openly gay person to serve in that role . The Trump the Army has yet to confirm any Pentagon officials below Defense Secretary James Mattis . The nomination of former Republican Rep. Heather Wilson of New Mexico for Air Force secretary is pending on the Senate floor . When Green was nominated , Mattis expressed his support . " He had my full support during the selection process , and he will Defense Secretary James Mattis my Defense Secretary James Mattis support during the Defense Secretary James Mattis confirmation process , " he said in a statement . Defense Secretary James Mattis I am confident of Mark ’s ability to effectively lead the Army Defense Secretary James Mattis " 
 Defense Secretary James Mattis 