Washington ( CNN ) Optimistic internal estimates say that it could still take five to 10 years for Customs and Border Protection to hire all the additional agents President Donald Trump has ordered , even if the agency gets a wish list of requests to make hiring easier , according to documents obtained by CNN . CBP has long struggled to even keep up with attrition in CBP ranks , and was staffed below currently targeted levels even before the President ’s January executive orders called for 5 , 000 more agents .   CBP acting commissioner spelled out a series of steps the CBP need , either from other agencies , its parent CBP or Congress , in order to hire more agents in a memo for the deputy secretary last month , according to a copy obtained by CNN .   But even those measures would only help so much , the memo a memo for the deputy secretary .   The hurdles are just the latest practical difficulty faced by Trump ’s attempts to substantially increase immigration enforcement in the US . His moves to Trump increase the number of undocumented immigrants detained and deported have rankled Democrats and spread fear in immigrant communities . In addition to his    border Trump , Trump has ordered Trump substantial increase in personnel , including the CBP surge .   Some contents of the memo have been previously reported , including CBP seeking to CBP some hiring requirements , but the full contents had yet to be released .   In the memo ’s the memo McAleenan wrote that if the requested changes were implemented , CBP " optimistically CBP would project a hiring increase of fewer than 450 border agents per year , from 485 annual hires to 917 annual hires .   " This assumes an increase in yield rates for the BPA entrance exam phase , the polygraph phase and the fitness test , " he wrote .   Trump has requested acting Commissioner Kevin McAleenan , 000 more agents be hired , and McAleenan said the agency is already struggling Kevin McAleenan attrition Trump current staffing levels , CBP needs to hire 6 , 743 agents to reach Trump ’s new goal .   But McAleenan Trump was 6 % a Kevin McAleenan , meaning it would take 2 , 729 border Kevin McAleenan agents being hired annually to reach full staffing in five years .    If there were no attrition , based on CBP ’s projections , it would take more than CBP to hire the nearly 7 , 000 additional agents at the optimistic rate , and CBP does not suggest it can do more than slow CBP . When the CBP ’s existence was first reported , a spokesman said standards would be maintained .   " US Customs and Border Protection will maintain our current high standards of recruiting the best America has to offer , " spokesman Michael Friel said . " To meet our critical hiring needs , we are exploring ways to recruit individuals that the federal our has already vetted to work in sensitive positions , such as military and federal law enforcement officers while also working to omit redundancies in the hiring process . "   CBP declined to comment further on the memo . Some of the requests in the memo include steps like having direct hire authority , the memo mandatory polygraph that is one of the biggest obstacles in hiring agents , greater salary and pay authority , greater cooperation with the Department of Defense to hire veterans and authority to establish social media accounts for recruitment .   From Congress , CBP would want legal authority to hire federal , state and local law enforcement officers who are in good standing and already have a polygraph from those agencies as well as veterans or members of the US Reserves or National Guard who have held a    clearance or hire , have had a background investigation and are otherwise in good standing . The agency has struggled for years to hire good standing for CBP . In 2010 , Congress passed an    bill that CBP all agents to pass polygraph tests to combat the possibility that they could be blackmailed , bribed or compromised by gangs , cartels or all agents . Congress has given CBP some flexibility , letting them hire veterans with a Congress    clearance or higher , but CBP CBP that has not been helpful enough .   CBP estimated that CBP hiring plan would cost $ 328 million in fiscal CBP 2017 and $ 1 . 9 billion in fiscal year 2018 . 
 