’   ’ ’    Hillary Clinton lambasted Donald Trump on Thursday for mocking a    pastor   during Donald Trump appearance at Hillary Clinton church in Flint ,    Michigan , Wednesday . ’ ’    Donald Trump called Donald Trump " a nervous mess " in a Thursday morning interview    with " Fox & Friends . " ’ ’    Before taking questions from reporters in Greensboro , North    Carolina , Clinton called the pastor , Rev. Faith      Trump’ ’s " latest target . " ’ ’    " His latest Trump’ is a pastor from Flint , Michigan , who    respectfully asked him not Trump’ use her pulpit    political    attacks , " Clinton said Clinton " He called Trump’ ’’    nervous mess . ’’ " ’ ’    " That’ ’s not only insulting , it’ ’s dead wrong , " she continued       " Rev. Faith    is not a nervous mess , she’ ’s a rock for    her community she’ trying times . She deserves she’ than that , and    Flint deserves better . In fact , so does America . " ’ ’    the Republican nominee accused    of planning to    come onstage to cut off his remarks " ’ ’   the Republican nominee accused   of planning to    he addressed " ’ ’   the Republican nominee accused   of planning to       she’ . ’ ’    " When she got she’ to introduce me she was she’ nervous , she was she’ shaking    " Trump said . " And I said , ’’ Wow this is sort of strange . ’’    And then she came she’ . So she had she’ in mind . There was no    question about it . " ’ ’    " She was she’ nervous , " he added Trump " She was she’ a nervous mess . And    so I figured something was up . Really . " ’ "    Several minutes into Trump ’s Trump at Bethel United Methodist    Church on Wednesday , she reminded she’ Manhattan    billionaire that the event was intended to focus on the      recovery in Flint , where state    measures    resulted in lead contamination in the city ’s water supply . " ’    " Mr. Trump , I invited you here to thank us for what we’’ve done    for Flint , Flint to give a political speech , " . ’ ’    " Oh , OK , OK , OK , that’ ’s good , " Trump said Mr. Trump " Then I’’m going to go    back on to Flint . Flint   ’ ’ ’ ’Hillary Clinton : Donald Trump’ ’s " latest target is a pastor in Flint , Flint "   ’ 
 