  ( CNN ) A top North Carolina Trump staffer has stepped down amid allegations A top North Carolina Trump staffer pulled a gun on a fellow campaign staffer . In a civil case filed late Wednesday in Mecklenburg County , North Carolina , former North North Carolina campaign staffer Vincent Bordini alleges that Earl Phillip , then the campaign ’s state director , pulled a gun on him as A top North Carolina Trump staffer pair drove to a hotel near Greenville , South Carolina . They were Earl Phillip, then the campaign’s state director, pulled a gun on him as the pair drove to a hotel near Greenville, South Carolina town in February to check on other campaign members during that state ’s primary . " All of a sudden , " the complaint reads , " Vincent saw Phillip pull Earl Phillip gun out from his side Vincent the Jeep . " Phillip allegedly Earl Phillip the barrel of the .   pistol into Vincent ’s Vincent knee . According to the complaint the complaint had Earl Phillip told Bordini that he always Earl Phillip a loaded gun in his car Earl Phillip Bordini claims that Bordini he said " Bordini the f * * * are you doing ? " Phillip silently Earl Phillip the gun away a loaded gun two safely arrived at their destination . According to the complaint , the complaint aware of Bordini at least two other campaign members " who had experienced similar incidents with Phillip . Earl Phillip allegedly reported the Bordini to Stuart Jolly , Trump ’s national field director , and Trump ’s    manager Corey Trump . According to the complaint , nothing the complaint to reprimand Phillip . Earl Phillip Trump campaign , also named as Trump defendant , has not yet responded to CNN ’s request for comment . An attorney for Phillip said Earl Phillip client denies all the allegations An attorney for Phillip in the complaint and a defamation the complaint Bordini is being prepared . It ’s not believed a police report was filed . ’A passionate Donald J. Trump supporter’ According to the complaint , Bordini worked for the complaint campaign in 2008 Bordini has been involved heavily in political activism since then . He was hired to work on the Trump Bordini in North Carolina as an IT staffer in December 2015 . Shortly after the incident , Bordini left the campaign . According to the Bordini , the Trump campaign in North Carolina his family the complaint himself from Phillip Bordini " Bordini Bordini ] could Bordini longer tolerate working in an Bordini where his superior could pull a gun on him at Bordini moment , " the complaint reads Bordini In the complaint , the complaint the decision to leave the complaint was difficult . Bordini Vincent was a longtime GOP operative the Trump campaign in North Carolina the complaint says . " What ’s more , he the complaint Mr. Trump and had every intention of dedicating himself to getting Vincent elected in November . Vincent forewent alerting authorities because putting Vincent Trump in Vincent White House was his Vincent . But enough is enough Mr. Trump Bordini seeks unspecified " compensatory Vincent " from Phillip for battery , emotional distress and other allegations and is demanding a trial by jury . Attempts to reach Bordini ’s attorney on Thursday were unsuccessful .   No police complaint was filed , Bordini down Thursday from his positions as the state campaign director and from his role Phillip an adviser Thursday the Phillip Diversity Coalition for Trump . " He does Phillip want to in any way adversely affect Mr. Trump and his desire to Phillip as our president , " according to Phillip ’s attorney , William Phillip . Harding said he questioned Bordini ’s motivations and wondered Harding filed at the time of the incident . Harding Why would n’t you go to law enforcement to prosecute my client ? " Phillip had appeared as recently as August 7 at a " Day of Endorsement " with other Phillip Trump advisers , including Lara Trump , Omarosa Manigault and Katrina Pierson , at a Charlotte church . He was hired as state director in November 2015 along with Taylor Playforth , who was announced Phillip deputy state director . " It is great to announce the additions of Earl and Taylor who will be valuable members of our operation in North Carolina , where I have been leading in every poll for many months , " Trump said in a press release on his campaign ’s website . " I look forward to being back in North Carolina soon as I continue to share my Trump to Make America Great Again ! " Bordini requested a jury trial North Carolina 