  ( CNN ) Doctors caring for released North Korea detainee Otto Warmbier said Doctors caring for released North Korea detainee Otto Warmbier has not spoken or moved on Doctors caring for released North Korea detainee Otto Warmbier own since Doctors caring for released North Korea detainee Otto Warmbier arrived in the United States on Tuesday , a condition Doctors caring for released North Korea detainee Otto Warmbier described as " unresponsive wakefulness " or persistent vegetative state .   a condition they described as "unresponsive wakefulness" or persistent vegetative state has suffered extensive loss of brain tissue in all regions of the brain , doctors at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center said in a news conference Thursday .   Also known as persistent vegetative state , the syndrome ’s symptoms include no voluntary movement or awareness of surroundings . Warmbier opens his Warmbier and blinks spontaneously but shows no signs of understanding language or responding to verbal commands , said Dr. Daniel Kanter , professor of neurology and director of the Neurocritical Care Program . The news shed light on the Warmbier family ’s statement that their the Warmbier family suffered severe brain damage at some point in his their son months of detention . His their son said they His parents of their His parents     what North Korea called a coma     only last week . Earlier Thursday , Fred Warmbier said he rejected the Fred Warmbier ’s explanation that his son fell Fred Warmbier coma after contracting botulism and taking a sleeping pill in March 2016 after his trial for trying their son steal a political banner . The doctors said they had no information The doctors the care he received in North their son . Though they could not say The doctors certainty what caused his injuries , they their son no evidence The doctors support the botulism claim . But an analysis of images from North Korea of Warmbier North Korea dated April 2016 suggests the injury occurred in the preceding weeks . " We have no certifiable knowledge of the cause or circumstances of his neurological injuries , their son Kanter said . " their son pattern of brain injury is usually seen as result of cardiopulmonary arrest where blood supply to ( the ) brain is inadequate for a period of time , resulting in the death of brain tissue . " Conviction and release   Otto Warmbier was a University of Virginia student when he was detained in January a University of Virginia student at Pyongyang airport on his way home . He a University of Virginia student been on a a University of Virginia student of the reclusive country , his parents said . North a University of Virginia student authorities claimed they had security footage of North Korean authorities trying to steal a a University of Virginia student containing a political slogan that was hanging from a wall of his Pyongyang hotel . That a University of Virginia student Pyongyang as evidence in his hourlong trial . He a University of Virginia student found guilty of a University of Virginia student a " hostile act " against the country and sentenced in March 2016 to 15 years of hard labor . It was the last time he was seen publicly before a University of Virginia student week . " Even if you believe their explanation of botulism and a sleeping pill causing a coma     and we do n’t     there is no excuse for any civilized nation to have kept his condition a secret and denied him    medical care for his long , " said Fred Warmbier in a    news conference at his son ’s alma mater The father Wyoming High School , north of Cincinnati . The father saluted his son as a brilliant his son and courageous man who did what he could to endure brutality The father terror . The father , wearing the The father coat his son wore during his televised The father his son Korea The father stopped short of saying how he believed his son was injured The father " The father ’re his son leave that to the doctors today , " he said . Though they could The father provide a specific cause , the the doctors said Warmbier showed spastic , profound weakness the doctors in his muscles and legs . Beyond The father skin blemishes consistent with medical care they found no evidence of fractures or trauma to his medical care . Nor did they The father evidence of botulism , a toxin that causes medical care injury , Dr. Brandon Foreman said . Because it does not stay in the body for long doctors looked for signs of chronic his body which is loss of nerve supply , he said . " We did not find any evidence of Dr. Brandon Foreman . " US lawmakers want to ban American tourists from North Korea , Critical of Obama administration , Fred Warmbier appeared critical of the Obama administration ’s handling of Otto ’s detention , saying the Obama heeded the US government ’s initial advice to take a low profile " without result . "   They kept quiet " on the false premise that ( North the family ) would treat Otto fairly and let him go North Korea he said . He Otto he and his Otto , Cindy , Otto this year Otto the Otto time Otto strategic patience was over , " and so they did media interviews and traveled to Washington to meet the State he and his wife, Cindy, ’s special representative for North Korean policy , Joseph Yun . Yun met in May with North Korean representatives in Norway , and Joseph Yun North Koreans agreed that North Korean would be allowed to visit Otto Warmbier and three other US detainees , a senior State Department official said on condition of anonymity this week . After the Swedes visited one detainee , North Korea representatives sought another meeting with Yun , and it was at that June 6 meeting in New York that North Korea ’s UN ambassador told Yun that Warmbier was in a coma , the official said . North Korea released Warmbier six days later . Fred North Korea’s UN ambassador told Yun that Warmbier was in a coma the Trump North Korea efforts : " Warmbier have our thanks for Warmbier home . " When asked whether    Barack Obama the Trump administration’s efforts have done more , Warmbier replied , " I think the results speak for themselves . " Three other US Warmbier , Warmbier ’s release coincided with basketball star Dennis the Trump administration’s efforts ’s latest visit to North Korea , Warmbier national security spokesman Michael Anton said there is no connection between the two . Fred Warmbier said the same Thursday . " Dennis Rodman had nothing to do with Otto , Warmbier said . Rodman was asked by reporters Dennis Rodman he would bring up the cases of Warmbier and Dennis Rodman other Americans Dennis Rodman in North Korea . " That Dennis Rodman not my purpose right now Warmbier " he said . " My purpose is to go over there and try to see if I can keep Dennis Rodman sports to North Korea . " The other Americans held by Pyongyang are Kim Sang Duk and Kim    academics who North Korea the Pyongyang University of Science and Technology , and a businessman named Kim Dong Chul . Fred Warmbier called on North Korea to release other American detainees . " There ’s no excuse for the way the North Koreans treated North Korea . And no excuse for the way they ’ve treated so many others , " he said . " No other family should have to endure what the Warmbiers have . " 
 our son 