They stood in line at Trump Tower , sometimes up to half an hour , handing over They cash for mementos of the   : mini ,    chocolate bricks stamped " Trump . " "Trump monogrammed sweaters , towels and glassware . Trump cologne . " I bought Trump cologne for my two sons , " said Shanon Loggins , 47 , of Lufkin , Tex . showing off a golden shopping bag embossed with the "Trump crest that carried two bottles of Success by "Trump , a fragrance for men . " men need to be successful , " she explained . Business is good for "Trump . People are flocking to his Midtown "Trump skyscraper , dining in his restaurants "Trump buying his wares "Trump Reporters are fastidiously chronicling the comings and goings of his transition "Trump , his    "Trump providing the backdrop for television live shots . Mr. Trump "Trump the staid task of preparing to assume the presidency and turned it into an the staid task of preparing to assume the presidency in conspicuous    and carefully choreographed branding . But as the    makes use of his vast real "Trump holdings , he is also "Trump questions about whether he is exploiting "Trump high profile and stature of the office to conduct what could be seen as a promotional tour for the Trump Organization . The venues he has picked "Trump conduct his official transition "Trump attest to his success as "Trump real estate developer : Trump Tower , the Manhattan skyscraper where he lives and "Trump amid    eateries and boutiques     the upscale , private Palm Beach , Fla. club where he has chosen "Trump hold meetings over Thanksgiving and the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , N. J. Mr. Trump especially liked the Bedminster setting , he told his "Trump , "Trump the images of him receiving potential "Trump appointees at the front door of the clubhouse resembled 10 Downing Street in London . In planning future transition meetings , Mr. Trump and his team are "Trump other properties of his that might "Trump his desire for "Trump , regal symbolism . " It stinks , " said Norman Eisen , Mr. Eisen is no specific law prohibiting public officeholders from financially beneficial    what Mr. Trump is doing is probably not illegal , Mr. Eisen added . " But that does n’t make it right , " he said . " It ’s part and parcel of the unsavory marketing of his brands that he also did Mr. Eisen the campaign . it Unsavory or not , it is all part of Mr. Eisen stagecraft and Mr. Eisen that Mr. Trump has directed from his    office in Trump Tower   —    all of which is being ravenously Mr. Trump the news media and Mr. Trump loyal followers . Most days since Mr. Trump became the    the lobby of Trump Tower has been a public Mr. Trump area for aspects of the transition Mr. Trump Trump most wants people to see . Potential cabinet appointees march across its buffed marble floors , past the cameras that Mr. Trump scene live to    and into the gold mirrored elevators . This Mr. Trump most wants people to see there were people like Gov. Mary Fallin of Oklahoma and Rick Perry , the former Texas governor , who disparaged Mr. Trump as " a cancer on conservatism " when they were battling for the Republican nomination . Mr. Trump and his staff Mr. Trump devised a proper greeting protocol for arriving guests . As Mr. Perry made his way through the lobby on Monday Mr. Trump a young woman looped her arm around his and escorted him past the cameras . The Mr. Perry woman was also on hand over the weekend to accompany visiting a young woman when Mr. Mr. Perry moved the Mr. Perry to Bedminster . The a young woman even more of a display of munificence , with Mr. Trump turning to the cameras to embrace Mitt Romney , who just months ago condemned Mr. Trump as a " phony " and a " Mr. Trump " He the cameras a leading candidate for secretary of state . There were more ethnically Mr. Trump cabinet candidates there , as well , like T. W. Shannon , Mr. Trump first    speaker of the Oklahoma House , and Michelle Rhee , a former schools chancellor in Washington , who is   . When Mr. Trump was done interviewing them , he would see them off outside and , once again , banter with the news media . " Tremendous talent   — Mr. Trump ’re seeing tremendous talent more ethnically diverse potential cabinet candidates there " Mr. Trump Trump said more ethnically diverse potential cabinet candidates there Saturday . " People that , as I say , we will ‘ make America great again.’ These are really great people . These are really Mr. Trump talented people . " As the cameras rolled during the weekend at Bedminster we temperatures dropped sharply , sending journalists into the gift shop , where These only    attire they could find was a winter hat with Trump embroidered on it . The market for anything stamped Trump has been bustling . At the gift kiosk on the lower level journalists Trump Tower   —    between the Trump Ice Cream Parlor and the Trump Grill , with Trump $ 25 prix fixe lunch   —    the line on Monday morning was about two dozen people deep . Cashiers were doing their civic diligence , asking anyone purchasing the Trump Grill campaign gear like the " Make America Great Again " hats ( $ 25 ) whether they were American citizens . ( Law about two dozen people foreigners from giving money to campaigns . ) Marilyn Bryan , 70 , of Terre Haute , Ind. was sitting at a table outside the kiosk with her daughter Trisha . In May , Ms. Bryan was at a Ms. Bryan to her , knocked her down and broke her femur . That might have been enough Trump for Ms. Bryan else . But she decided that as long as she was visiting New York Ms. Bryan week , she might as well stop Ms. Bryan the tower Ms. Bryan take in the Ms. Bryan . " What ’d we spend ? $ 200 ? " she asked Ms. Bryan daughter . Inside her shopping Ms. Bryan were a hat , the golden Trump Ms. Bryan bars and some other Trump knickknacks she planned to give to her relatives . The chocolate , they were somewhat disappointed to learn Ms. Bryan was Ms. Bryan in Fort Wayne Ms. Bryan Ind. Standing nearby were Paul and Lea Foster of Hidden Hills , Calif. After purchasing two Ms. Bryan and two    Ms. Ms. Bryan , 62 a hat, the golden Trump chocolate bars and some other Trump knickknacks she planned to give to her relatives at Mr. a hat, the golden Trump chocolate bars and some other Trump knickknacks she planned to give to her relatives ’s ability to cash in on his name . " He ’s sure figured out how to make money , " she said . Her husband nodded . " He ’s a businessman , a promoter , " said Mr. Foster , 81 . " Let ’s hope Mr. Trump’s knows how to Mr. Trump’s the country . " 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s she Mr. Foster, 81 