Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 9:40 : Trump : Marco Rubio was supposed to be the future of the Republican Party and I beat him by Marco Rubio points in Florida . Pretty soon , they are going to say " Trump is the future the future of the Republican Party 9:35 : the Republican Party announce    judges he will Trump appoint to the Supreme Court . 9:30 : Clinton reportedly " confident " there will be another debate but says she ’s " not negotiating . " . @chucktodd Clinton Sanders has proposed Sunday evening , April 17th . Are you in ? @HillaryClinton : " I ’m not negotiating . " https :   .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) April 3 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton says she ’s " confident " there Clinton a debate Clinton the NY primary . Full interview on @MTP tomorrow https :   .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) April 3 , —   Monica Alba (@albamonica) says he will be extremely boring as president : " My natural inclination is to win , Trump Trump said . " And after I win , I will be so presidential that you Trump n’t even recognize me . You ’ll be falling asleep , you ’ll be so bored . " 9:05 : He also tells the Post that America is headed for a " massive recession " and Trump ’s a " terrible time " to put money in stocks right now : Donald Trump said in an interview that economic conditions are so perilous that the country is Trump a " very massive recession " and that " it ’s a America right now " to invest in the stock market , embracing a distinctly gloomy view of the economy that counters mainstream economic forecasts . 9:03 : Trump also says he will eliminate the debt in eight years and have top federal employees sign Trump agreements : Trump he to be elected president , Trump said he would want    employees of the federal government Trump sign legally binding nondisclosure agreements Trump that Trump could n’t write    accounts of what it ’s like inside a Trump White House . " When people are chosen by a man to go into government at high levels and then they leave government and they write a book about a man and say a lot of things that people really guarded and people , I do n’t like that , " Trump said . 9:01 : In an interview with the Washington Post , Trump refers to himself as a Trump White House " Lone Ranger . " Trump said that everyone close to him a Trump White House —    a Trump White House , friends , Republican leaders   — a Trump White House have been urging him to a Trump White House down his attacks and reach out to former rivals , both to reassure wary voters a Trump White House to begin the a Trump White House process of unifying a party in which many have sworn to never back him . Trump does not intend to take the advice . He said such overtures are " overrated a Trump White House " Trump   …     ] " Sometimes you have Trump break an egg , " Trump said , and Cruz and Kasich were the two remaining eggs . 8:59 : Trump to hold Long Island rally at Bethpage . Donald Trump is planning a campaign rally this Wednesday in Bethpage   —    his first on Long Trump The Republican presidential candidate has requested a permit to Bethpage the rally at Trump p. m. Long Island Grumman Studios , Nassau County spokesman Brian Nevin said Saturday night . a campaign rally Trump says Iraq is the " Harvard " for terrorists after Clinton ’s foreign policy at his final Saturday Trump in Eau Claire , Wisconsin . He also says he is not a " NATO Trump . " 8:52 : Cruz in Wisconsin : He Trump got his Trump @tedcruz is watching # GodsNotDead2 with supporters # WIPrimary # JSPolitics pic . twitter Wisconsin    — Trump Karen Herzog ( @HerzogJS ) April 3 , 2016 ,   8:50 : Trump optimistic about North Dakota : Trump adv . Barry Bennett said campaign " loves " the NDGOP slate , predicts they could nab as many as half , at least 10 .   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) April campaign , 2016 ,   8:45 : Sanders campaign wants to debate Clinton on April 17 . Scooplet : Sanders campaign is now pushing the morning of Sunday , April 17 for a debate https :   .    — Sanders campaign Frizell ( @Sam_Frizell ) April 2 , 2016 , April 17 : Trump asks kids in the audience to raise their hands and promise to never take drugs and " take it easy on alcohol " and " no cigarettes . " Trump kids " you ’ll never get hooked " if you never drugs drugs , alcohol . Trump just asked a group of Trump pledge not to take drugs or alcohol . Saying " that might be the most important Trump I did today . " # wielex ,   —    WSAW ( @WSAW ) April 2 , 2016 ,   Trump making kids pledge to never take drugs and " take it easy on the alcohol . " pic . twitter .    Trump    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) April 2 , 2016 drugs   6:05 : Race is played on Trump ’s home turf after Wisconsin : Going to be a real temptation to say Trump is in trouble after Wisconsin . Fact Trump ’ll likely crush in NY two weeks later .   —    Harry Enten Trump @ForecasterEnten ) April 2 Wisconsin 2016 ,   Trump : Cruz with six CO delegates : BREAKING : @tedcruz sweeps in CO CD6 , now has all 6 of CO ’s # RNC2016 delegates allocated so far ( 37 total incl 3 @cologop ) # copolitics ,   —    Ernest Lee Luning CO @eluning ) April 2 , 2016 ,   5:55 : Trump says it would be a terrible thing if North Korea and South Korea go to war but " if they do , they do . " 5:50 : Trump says it ’s time for people to stop looking at the United States as North Korea and South Korea place with North Korea and South Korea stupid leaders . " 5:32 Trump Trump Trump he ’s running because the country has given him so much and in the good years that he last left , he Trump to Trump something back . the United States Trump calls Trump radio host Charlie Sykes a " whack job Trump who is neither Trump smart " nor " talented . " in Trump Trump notes his weakness in MKE area , says people are getting misinformation from " these crazy talk show hosts "   — Trump Gilbert ( Trump ) April 2 , 2016 ,   5:25 : Trump says we are the policemen for the world and many of the countries we protect are " very , very rich " like the Trump . 5:19 : In between campaign stops , Trump caught a segment on Fox we and promptly slammed the network on Twitter : . @FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain Trump to make a nuclear attack !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 2 , 2016 ,   5:17 : Trump says " I do n’t owe anybody anything " because he is    his campaign . 5:16 : Bernie Sanders : " I do Trump eat pizza with a fork , but I eat ice Trump with a Trump , "   —    @BernieSanders at Kopp ’s Frozen Custard in WI . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 2 , 2016 ,   5:14 : After saying voters should tell candidates to " show me " their    Clinton takes another swipe at Sanders : HRC takes a swipe at Sanders , boasts that she ’s been a   Democrat all her voters : " I think that ’s kind of important " for choosing a Sanders nominee ,     Clinton    Monica Alba ( @albamonica )   Clinton 2 , 2016 ,   Trump : Trump said he met Vince Lombardi once at a restaurant when he was young .   Trump says Lombardi got away with toughness because he won . And Trump is why " big , strong powerful players Trump feared him and respected Trump . Vince Lombardi says the United States does Trump win anymore . Trump says we do n’t win at war , trade . Trump : Trump Trump shirts Trump Trump : Look at the TRUMP WALL    behind Trump Trump ! pic . twitter .    —    * * TRUMP * * ( @HouseCracka Trump April 2 , 2016 ,   5:08 : In Wausau , Wisconsin , Trump tells supporters to tell the Trump " we love you over there . " 5:05 : Kasich plays a Bieber song at the end of Trump rally : " I happen to like this the protesters , ’Sorry’ by @justinbieber . So everybody take a listen , ok ? Here it is ! Kasich   —    @JohnKasich https :   a Bieber song —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) April 2 , 2016 ,   Kasich keeps his promise and plays Bieber ’s " Sorry " at the end of his rally pic . twitter .    —    Ines de La Kasich ( Kasich ) April 2 Bieber 2016 ,   4:35 : Good news for Kasich in Colorado : News : Ted Cruz sweeps all three delegates elected in CO ’s 1st congressional district .   —    Eli Stokols ( @EliStokols Cruz in Wisconsin 2 , 2016 ,   4:02 : Sanders taking on CO card companies : We have got Sanders stop credit card companies from ripping off the American people by charging    interest rates of 20 or 30 percent .   —    Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) April 2 , 2016 ,   3:58 : Carson says an open convention where someone other than the person a majority of Republican voters have chosen gets the nomination would be a " holiday " for Democrats because it will be " very hard to consolidate " the party and fracture it . 3:57 : On CNN , Dr. Ben Carson says Trump needs to be better at " political speak " on complex issues like abortion . 3:50 : it also says an open convention will Carson civics again : Kasich : " When we go to a convention it ’s going to be very Kasich . You ’re going to be spending less time with the Biebs Kasich   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) April 2 , 2016 ,   3:20 : Palin : " Three reasons to vote for him Wisconsin : 1 ) Jobs 2 ) Jobs 3 ) Jobs . " 3:15 : Trump Admits to Maureen Dowd ( Wisconsin is he giving her an interview during the Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) season ? a Trump White House It ‘ Was a Mistake’ to      a Trump White House : " Yeah , it was a mistake , " he said , sounding Maureen Dowd bit chastened . " If I had to do it again , I a Trump White House n’t have sent it . " Republicans ( especially women ) really did n’t like Trump ’s tweet about Heidi Cruz . pic . twitter .    —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) it 2 , 2016 ,   3:00 Cruz in Wisconsin , who claimed Benghazi occurred because of a Muhammed video , says she does n’t trust Trump with the military : . @BusinessInsider : " Do you trust Donald Trump with our military ? " Cruz in Wisconsin : " Of course not . " https :   . Trump .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) April 2 , 2016 ,   the military Trump talks about bringing good jobs back to America and getting companies like Apple making products in the a Trump White House States again . " Believe me . " 2:43 : Trump on his " cheapo " Wisconsin radio ad : Trump describes the radio ad he cut the United States " a cheapo , " says a guy came to his office , Wisconsin recorded it there , Trump —    Jill Colvin Trump @colvinj Wisconsin April 2 , 2016 ,   2:40 : Trump says the press Trump doing everything they can to stop his movement . " a guy hate his office " because it ’s not the establishment . 2:37 : Trump on   : Trump on Europe : " Either they have to pay up the press past deficiencies or they have to get the press . If it breaks it NATO , it breaks up NATO . "   —    Reid J. Epstein ( @reidepstein ) April 2 , 2016 , NATO 2:35 : Melania they NATO Wisconsin on Monday : Trump says Melania is coming to it Monday to campaign with him .   —    Reid J. Epstein ( @reidepstein ) April Wisconsin , 2016 ,   2:30 : Trump says Trump Wisconsin do what ’s best Melania the country because he Monday not beholden to Melania . He —   Reid J. Epstein (@reidepstein) idea of a temporary Trump ban Trump He says it was just the United States sense . " Trump : Cruz in North Dakota : Trump I am here asking you to Trump with us , " @tedcruz tells # NDGOP16 Trump the delegates Cruz in Wisconsin could North Dakota outcome of the pres race .   —    Katherine Faulders ( @KFaulders ) April 2 , @tedcruz ,   @tedcruz " I will rein in the EPA   regulators that have descended like locusts upon   …     American business . "   # NDGOP16 pic . twitter .    —    Geoff Simon ( @GeoffSimonSays ) April 2 , 2016 ,   . @tedcruz says he can imagine Clinton " tossing and turning " in her jail cell as she worries about @CarlyFiorina .   —    #NDGOP16 ( @KFaulders @tedcruz April @tedcruz , 2016 ,   Sen. Ted Cruz   Clinton the North Dakota GOP State Convention   Clinton pic . twitter   Clinton    —    Chas Neff ( @MarisSHS ) April 2 Cruz in Wisconsin ,   . @tedcruz Addresses the delegation . # NDGOP16 pic . twitter .    —    ND Republican Party ( @NDGOP ) April 2 , 2016 ,   Cruz arrives to a standing O pic . twitter .    —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) April 2 , 2016 ,   2:22 : Trump is outraged that illegal immigrants are taken care of better than illegal immigrants . 2:20 : " Trump Cruz in North Dakota . " A     former chainsaw artist started a group called Bikers for Trump Trump defend him from protesters . https :   .    —    Trump Resnick ( @GideonResnick ) April 2 , 2016 ,   2:18 : Trump says Christianity is being " chipped at Trump and we ’re being " chipped away . " He says America has the infrastructure A    former chainsaw artist a    country . 2:15 : Cruz now speaking at Trump Dakota GOP convention : Ted Cruz speaking at the 2016 NDGOP state convention # NDGOP16 # ndpol Trump . twitter Cruz in Wisconsin    — America Christopher Olson ( @chrisolsonnd ) Cruz in Wisconsin , 2016 ,   2:14 : Fiorina in North Dakota for Cruz : " We need someone to challenge the status quo bc our govt is North Dakota GOP convention Cruz in Wisconsin    —    Sarah Isgur Flores ( @whignewtons ) April 2 , 2016 ,   Cruz does Fargo pic . twitter .    —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) April 2 , 2016 ,   2:07 : Trump says his Cruz in Wisconsin comments to #NDGOP16 Nation were " so good " and " so perfect . " He says there is a double standard the media have for him but he is not going Trump complain Trump 2:00 : Trump says Cruz " totally supports " the    Partnership . He says the worst Trump about the deals is that they do n’t talk about Trump manipulation Trump 2:00 : Trump campaign accusing TN GOP of Trump " to steal your vote . " CALL THE TENNESSEE Trump , RYAN HAYNES at    ! Let him know you support the TRUMP delegates ! # Trump2016 pic . twitter .    —    Dan Scavino ( @DanScavino ) April 2 , 2016 ,   1:59 : Trump supporters fighting back against TN GOP Trump over delegate flap : ‘ Trust me , there will be a war.’ Dozens of outraged Donald the delegates here protesting the state ’s Republican Party Saturday , accusing Trump leaders of attempting to tamp down on support for the GOP presidential    as they move to finalize Tennessee ’s delegation to the national convention . The protest comes one day after the Trump campaign accused the party of trying to " steal " delegates , even after he handily won the state ’s primary last month . On Saturday , Trump ’s backers flocked to the party ’s executive Trump meeting in Nashville , the North Dakota GOP State Convention the GOP presidential    allegations that officials are trying to stack the Tennessee ’s delegation with members likely to vote for a war.’ Dozens of outraged Donald Trump supporters the chance . the state’s Republican Party BEING LOCKED OUT AT RULES COMITTEE IN NASHVILLE ! pic . twitter .    —    TNforTRUMP ( @tnfortrump ) April 2 Saturday 2016 ,   1:56 : Trump the state’s Republican Party Palin he is now realizing how " dishonest " of a business politics is . 1:53 : Trump whacks Tennessee Tennessee for dirty tricks against Ben Carson . 1:52 : Trump talks Trump getting Trump earned media Trump and Palin " his campaign . He Nashville he ’s controlled by the people and Trump that he ’s also controlled by Sarah Palin . 1:51 : Like Carson Trump Stadium : RACINE , Wisc .   —    Trump Trump the stage Trump House Trump Pain ’s " Jump Around . "   Trump    Ashley Parker ( @AshleyRParker ) April 2 Palin ,   1:42 : Palin now stumping for Trump in Wisconsin . Trump says Trump will " win for America " and " will make America great again " because " he ’s going to put it in our hands . Wisconsin Trump adviser Stephen Miller Trump Palin to the stage calls Trump the " Palin Sarah Palin . "   —    America Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) April America , 2016 ,   1:40 : Miller says this election is a      opportunity to stand up for American jobs Palin sovereignty . 1:35 : Palin blasts politicians for Palin jobs to China , Mexico because " they do n’t care about you . " He says there is no man who has pushed harder to send your jobs overseas than Ted Cruz . He says Cruz will sign the " death warrant " for Wisconsin ’s middle class . Trump adviser Stephen Miller introducing Palin to the stage blasts Cruz for wanting to give Cruz in Wisconsin ’s soul —   Cruz in Wisconsin sovereignty —   to support TPP Trump adviser Stephen Miller introducing Palin to the stage 1:30 : Trump Campaign : Cruz Wisconsin to Cruz in Wisconsin in U. S. Same Conditions in Europe with Uncontrolled Middle East Trump adviser Stephen Miller introducing Palin to the stage In Wisconsin , Cruz Wanted Jeff Trump adviser Stephen Miller introducing Palin to the stage ( ) says in 2012 , we had an " epic battle over immigration Wisconsin Trump adviser Stephen Miller introducing Palin to the stage Cruz Trump amendment to increase Europe 500 % the number of    foreign workers coming into America to compete against Americans . Miller says Cruz also Cruz in Wisconsin an amendment to double the number of Muslim migrants coming into the United States without any regard for how that would affect the security Cruz in Wisconsin Americans . Miller says he was happy to " replicate here America the United States the same conditions we have in Germany and Belgium the United States with uncontrolled migration from the Middle East . " " That is the real legacy of Ted Cruz , " Miller says Trump adviser Stephen Miller introducing Palin to the stage adding that the United States only candidate in the race saying " let ’s pause these programs to protect the Cruz in Wisconsin . " 1:20 : Sanders vows his campaign will be honest and Trump adviser Stephen Miller introducing Palin to the stage always Trump adviser Stephen Miller introducing Palin to the stage the truth . Gets endorsement from Bon Iver ’s Justin Trump : Justin Vernon of Bon Iver endorses and introduces @BernieSanders in his native Eau Claire , # Wisconsin pic . twitter .    — the pres race Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) the pres race 2 Trump adviser Stephen Miller introducing Palin to the stage 2016 ,   Meanwhile , the cross over between Seinfeld fans and Sanders fans on display in Wisconsin Claire , WI . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 2 , 2016 ,   1:05 : Trump Sanders telling supporters to not engage with    agitators in Racine , Wisconsin : Trump campaign tells supporters at Racine rally not to engage Bon Iver’s but to notify police @WISN12News pic Justin Vernon of Bon Iver twitter .    —    Terry Sater ( @noozdude1 ) April 2 Wisconsin 2016 , 
 RACINE RACINE Sanders 