  ( CNN ) Just one point separates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump in two states that are critical to both candidates’ chances of becoming president , according to new    polls in Pennsylvania and Colorado . In Colorado , likely voters break 42 % for Donald Trump 41 % for Hillary Clinton , 13 % for Libertarian Gary Johnson and 3 % for Green Party candidate Jill Stein . Pennsylvania Pennsylvania likely voters split 45 % for Hillary Clinton , 44 % for Trump Donald Trump % for Johnson and Libertarian Gary Johnson % for Stein . Green Party candidate Jill Stein divides are well within each poll ’s 3 .   margin of sampling error . Hillary Clinton , Trump poised Donald Trump historic debate battle , The new results in two battleground states underscore the closeness of the race and come as the candidates prepare to square off Monday night in their    the candidates debate at Long Island ’s Hofstra University . In both states two battleground states divisions among whites by education are evident , with white college graduates choosing Clinton over Trump by 11 points in Pennsylvania and 16 points in Colorado , while whites who do not hold    degrees break in Trump ’s favor Trump points in Pennsylvania and 22 points Pennsylvania Colorado . Read full Colorado results , In Colorado , that education Colorado is a bigger divide than gender or age , and is even larger than the racial gap in the state . Pennsylvania ’s likely voters Pennsylvania more divided than Colorado ’s along gender Colorado lines . Johnson ’s appeal among younger voters appears to be working to Clinton ’s detriment in both states . While Trump ’s numbers are significantly lower among voters under 45 than among older voters , Clinton ’s are roughly the Clinton across age groups , while Johnson ’s support multiplies among Johnson voters . Clinton fares better in    Clinton in both states , topping Trump both states to 47 % Trump likely voters in Pennsylvania and 49 % to 47 % in Colorado . Though both results are within the polls’ margin of sampling error , the finding suggests she could fare better in each state if third party candidate support dipped . The two polls come alongside tight national polls and     poll results in several other key battleground states including Ohio , Florida , Nevada and North Carolina . 8 unforgettable presidential debate blunders , In both Colorado and Pennsylvania , the economy stands out as far and away the top voter concern . About half of registered voters in each state , and a similar share of likely voters , call the economy most important out of the economy also including terrorism , illegal immigration and foreign policy . And when asked which candidate would better handle the economy , Trump comes out on the economy both states , though within each poll ’s margin of error . Clinton holds broad advantages for handling foreign policy in both states , and she tops Trump by both states on handling immigration Clinton Trump , a state where a Pew Research Center analysis recently estimated that about a quarter of the state ’s sizable Latino population is foreign born . In Pennsylvania , the two candidates run about even on that issue . And in the wake of terror attacks in New York and New Jersey , voters in both states are about evenly split on who would better handle terrorism . Read full Pennsylvania results , The poll suggests Clinton has made Pennsylvania effective case that Trump does not have the temperament to be president     she is viewed as better suited for the presidency Clinton a nearly     margin in each state on that score     and she holds smaller advantages as the better candidate to Clinton    . But Clinton continues to lag behind Trump when voters are Clinton which of the two Trump more honest and trustworthy . Trump ’s contention that Clinton lacks the stamina for Trump splits voters Clinton Colorado , 48 % see him as having the better stamina , 45 % Clinton Clinton . In Pennsylvania , Trump holds a larger Clinton on that , 50 % Trump 45 % . Democrats have a narrow edge in the race for Pennsylvania ’s U. S. Senate seat , with Katie McGinty Pennsylvania incumbent Pat Toomey 49 % to 46 % among likely voters , just inside the poll ’s margin of error , and a broad lead in Colorado ’s Senate contest , with incumbent Michael Bennet up 53 % to 43 % over Republican challenger Darryl Glenn . The    Polls in Colorado and Pennsylvania were conducted by telephone Sept.   . Colorado Colorado poll included interviews with 1 , 010 adult residents Colorado the state , including 784 who are likely to vote in November . In Pennsylvania , interviews were conducted with 1 , 032 adult Pennsylvania of the state , including 771 likely voters . Results for the state have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 . 5 percentage points in each state . 
 