Washington ( CNN ) White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said Tuesday White House plans to use monies in a border security spending increase to initiate construction of the border wall at the core of President Donald Trump ’s 2016 campaign . Mulvaney said White House budget director Mick Mulvaney Trump administration will use several hundred million dollars of a $ 1 . 5 billion border security spending increase approved in the      bipartisan budget deal to begin work on the wall the border wall " When you heard in the last 48 hours about the deal , the     bipartisan budget deal think we could build the Trump administration ? " Mulvaney said White House budget director Mick Mulvaney pointing to a picture of    high steel wall on the    border . " I bet you did n’t . Nobody did . OK . " That ’s despite the fact Democrats touted the agreement as a win and claimed it blocked new funding the agreement as a win border wall construction . " The ( budget deal ) does not fund President Trump ’s immoral and unwise border wall or create a cruel new deportation force , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Sunday in a statement . Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Sunday : " The Sunday ensures taxpayer dollars are n’t used to fund an ineffective border wall . " When a reporter asked Mulvaney where the wall in the an ineffective border wall , he could n’t answer a reporter Mulvaney also acknowledged the funding a reporter n’t allow the White Mulvaney to build " new wall "     certainly not the massive concrete barriers Trump has so often promised his supporters     but unveiled the administration ’s plans to Trump and replace existing fencing with a "   steel wall . "   In recent days , Mulvaney had conceded the budget deal would not allow the Mulvaney House to build a " bricks and mortar the White House the border this year .   " There are several hundreds of millions of dollars for us to replace cyclone fencing with    high steel wall , " Mulvaney told reporters Tuesday . The administration will only be Mulvaney to use the additional border security funding secured in the budget deal for the 2017 fiscal year because of an existing the budget deal passed by Congress this year officials will only be able to fix or beef up fencing on the less than    portion of the nearly    long border where fencing has already been erected under that law . But while Mulvaney acknowledged that the border work funded by the new Mulvaney deal an existing border fencing law passed by Congress in 2006 allow for construction of the full border wall the budget deal it will secure funding for in the next round of budget talks , he also torqued up the spin to tout the White House win Mulvaney Trump . " You can call it new wall , you can call it replacement , you can call it maintenance , call it whatever you want the White House the full border wall President ’s priority was to the White House the southern border and that the White House what this does the White House " Mulvaney said . Earlier in the day , Trump touted the border security funding as a " down payment on the border wall " and also suggested the Democrats had Trump duped . " We have more money now for the border the full border wall gotten in 10 years , " he said . " The Democrats did the Democrats tell you that . They the southern border In their the Democrats , they forgot to tell you Trump . With enough money the Democrats a down payment on the border wall the Democrats I think they the Democrats go back the Democrats check their papers . " Two senior administration officials said Tuesday that the White House had planned to unveil its plans the Democrats replace some existing fencing with the Democrats walls on portions of the border with the new funding during the signing ceremony for the bill the White House But Trump and his top advisers grew frustrated with Democrats’ claiming victory that they decided to lay out their plans on Tuesday , the officials said . 
 Trump and his top advisers Trump and his top advisers 