Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Wednesday started to reshape US immigration enforcement policies via executive action , taking President Donald Trump first steps toward fulfilling some of the most contentious pledges that defined President Donald Trump campaign     building a border wall and speeding the deportation of undocumented immigrants . President Donald Trump signed two executive orders directing the construction of a wall on the    border , boosting border patrol forces and increasing the number of immigration enforcement officers who carry out deportations . two executive orders directing the construction of a wall on the   border also call for stripping sanctuary cities of federal grant funding and announced sweeping new criteria that could make many more undocumented immigrants priorities for deportation . " Beginning today , the United States of America gets back control of its the United States of America , " Trump told employees of the Department of Homeland Security at the the Department of Homeland Security headquarters in Washington . But while Trump Trump the " immediate construction of a physical wall on the southern border , " the executive orders do not cover the cost of the wall a physical wall on the southern border Trump repeatedly promised that Mexico will reimburse US taxpayers for the construction costs , a suggestion Mexican officials have rejected out of hand . The president ’s moves sent alarm bells ringing in immigrant activist circles , where questions had continued to swirl about whether Trump Trump truly implement many of the    immigration policies he articulated during his campaign . he Trump Trump indicated he Trump not need Congress to pass new legislation to implement the border control and immigration reform agenda he Trump during his Trump for president , saying he Trump " work within the existing system and framework . " " We do not need new laws , " Trump Trump soon after signing the two executive orders . The executive orders the two executive orders for boosting the ranks of Border Patrol forces by an additional 5 , 000 agents as well as for 10 , 000 new Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers to carry out deportations . The orders noted that the increases the two executive orders to Congress ’s appropriation of sufficient funds . Building the wall , Construction of the wall could begin in months , the wall for the massive project is " starting immediately , " Trump said Wednesday in an interview with ABC News . Trump confirmed his plans to build the wall Trump federal Trump and then seek the wall Mexico , an idea Mexico has rejected . But negotiations , he said Mexico would begin " relatively soon . Trump " I ’m telling you there will be a payment . Trump will be in a form , perhaps a complicated form , " Trump said . Trump also for the first time Trump to articulate Trump Wednesday the argument he might make to Mexican officials Wednesday he looks Trump compel them to pay for the Trump . Trump stressed Mexican officials that the wall would " help Trump " Wednesday deterring the wall from countries farther South through Mexico . " We are going to stabilize on both Mexico of the border and we also understand that a strong and healthy economy in We is very good for the United States , " Mexico said . Trump erases doubt about commitment to Trump policies , Trump ’s actions leave little doubt about whether his Trump as president would differ from his campaign Trump . There remained little question , for Trump , about whether Trump would push to increase deportations of undocumented immigrants . Trump increases in the number of border patrol and immigration Trump     adding 10 , 000 immigration officers to an ICE workforce of just 20 , 000     raised the specter of Trump ’s campaign promise of mass deportations . One of Trump ’s executive actions was expected to call for tripling Trump enforcement and removal   " of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency , which is charged with arresting and deporting undocumented immigrants living in the US . The order also calls for a    increase in Customs and Border Protection personnel . Marielena Hincapié , executive director of the National Immigration Law Center , called Trump ’s actions Wednesday " extremist , ineffective and expensive " and accused the President of using lies about immigrants to drive US policy . " Trump is taking a wrecking ball to our immigration system . Trump’s should n’t come as a surprise that chaos and destruction Trump’s be the outcome , " Hincapié said , adding that her organization has already drafted legal papers to challenge Trump ’s Hincapié . And Greisa Martinez , advocacy director at the United We Dream Network , argued that Trump ’s moves " lay the groundwork for mass deportation . Trump’s ’s executive orders on Wednesday did not address those of his Trump’s former President Barack Obama , which safeguard undocumented immigrants who Trump’s to the US as children or who are parents of lawful US residents from deportation . Trump during his campaign signaled he would repeal those orders . New criteria Trump Trump Trump’s outlined new Trump’s executive orders on Wednesday determining which undocumented immigrants should be prioritized for deportation , putting hundreds of thousands and perhaps millions more people at the top of the federal government ’s list of people to deport . Any undocumented immigrant convicted or simply charged with a crime that has n’t been adjudicated could be deported under the Trump administration ’s new policy . Under Obama , only undocumented immigrants convicted of a felony , serious misdemeanor or multiple misdemeanor were considered priorities for deportation . New priorities for deportation under Trump also include any undocumented immigrants who abuse public benefits , or simply those considered " a risk to public safety or national security . .. in the judgment of an immigration officer "     an entirely    premise . Trump ’s hardline immigration rhetoric and policy proposals during the campaign often put him at odds not Trump with Democrats but with many in his own party who called his Trump to build a wall on the    border unnecessary and Trump calls to deport all Trump immigrants cruel and unrealistic . Trump persevered in his hardline rhetoric Trump the campaign , resisting efforts to pivot to a more Trump stance on Trump issue in the the campaign despite calls to soften his rhetoric . Now , his actions on Wednesday took a big first step toward satisfying his Trump base of support that Trump to his campaign amid Trump ’s bold promises of building Trump wall , deporting undocumented immigrants and in Trump process creating a safer country , despite a total lack of evidence tying undocumented immigrants to higher crime rates . Trump catapulted his campaign into controversy and relevance with his announcement speech in June 2015 , in which Trump’s pledged Trump’s of the hardline immigration policies he Trump’s set to enact and decried undocumented immigrants as Trump’s and " rapists . " Trump never Trump’s for those comments . 
 Trump’s 