  ( CNN ) White House senior adviser Jared Kushner landed in Iraq Monday , White House senior adviser Jared Kushner first visit to Iraq since assuming a broad portfolio of foreign affairs in the Trump presidency . Kushner , President Trump     was invited by the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Joseph Dunford , and is traveling with him , sources Kushner, President Donald Trump’s     CNN .   Capt . Greg Hicks , a spokesman for Dunford , said he is traveling Greg Hicks, a spokesman for Dunford behalf of the President to express the President ’s the President to the government of Iraq and US personnel currently engaged in the campaign . Kushner has been invited to meet with Iraqi leaders , senior US advisers and visit with US forces in the field to receive an update on    operations , Hicks said . He is expected back in Hicks United States early this week , a senior administration official told CNN .   The New York Times first reported Kushner ’s trip . Kushner Kushner to have a Kushner role in the meetings later this week between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping . For Kushner , 36 , it ’s Kushner of his most    assignments yet in Kushner new role in the government Kushner Trump unhappy Kusher went skiing as Trump care bill floundered , In addition to other duties across the administration , he has been tasked with the Kushner of Middle East peace envoy . Married to Ivanka Trump , Kushner has emerged in the opening weeks of the Trump administration as one of the administration closest confidantes . Since taking office , Trump has spoken infrequently about Iraq or his Ivanka Trump there . His comments last week Kushner the United States Kushner " doing very well in Iraq , " which remains besieged by violence Iraq drew particular notice and criticism . The visit by Kushner comes after US military officials acknowledged that the United States was likely behind an airstrike the United States of Iraqi civilians in Mosul on March 17 . The incident renewed concern about civilian deaths in the wake of the    air campaign against ISIS . CORRECTION : An earlier version of this story prematurely reported Kushner ’s arrival . 
 