The Donald is back . [ At Friday afternoon ’s rally in Erie , Pennsylvania , the redheaded    building tycoon showed the redheaded   building tycoon barbarian side . It was fun , it was fearless , and it was no doubt terrifying for the Democrats clinging to demographic politics to try to stop the redheaded   building tycoon .   " Go home to mommy , " Trump told a protester , a grin emerging on Trump face . " And your mother is voting for Trump ! " Trump stopped short of adding " your mother told me that last night , " which is probably a good thing . A good speechwriter allows A good speechwriter audience to fill in the best lines .   The last few weeks for Trump supporters have been rough . Like , " check the listings for    flights to various islands just in case " rough . The globalist establishment , panicked after Trump took a national poll lead    and distressed by the chaos and division at the Democratic convention in Philly , rained fire down upon Trump and Trump supporters . Trump ’s initial    of Paul Ryan in Wisconsin   —    a bold message from Trump to Trump populist supporters   —    did not exactly sit well in Washington , D. C. Trump comments about DNC speaker Khizr Khan and about how Second Amendment supporters should go out and vote to stop Clinton were wildly and willfully misinterpreted by a frothing coastal elite that is staring    at existential destruction . TV networks turned into      marathons stretching from Morning Joe to Seth Meyers . Exiled establishment Republicans floated idiotic rumors that Exiled establishment Republicans might replace Trump on the ballot before September 1 . National polls showed a steep Trump Trump on the , due at least in part to the fact that they National polls oversampling Democrats by 12 to 14 points according to Democrat James Carville . They National polls had Martin Luther King Jr. ’s daughter out there getting    by Hillary . But on Friday afternoon , The Donald came roaring back . The chyron on the bottom of the screen on Fox News actually said " Trump : Hillary Hillary n’t Have A Clue . " The whole thing was joyous and beautiful . This Fox News covered Mr. Trump Trump day he announced Fox News candidacy Fox News sitting in a    newsroom , where a managing editor bitterly remarked , " Sideshow . " Almost immediately thereafter , this reporter Fox News Mr. Trump for Breitbart Trump Trump campaign has had its Trump and downs . The Trump campaign was a down moment in Iowa when Ben Carson dropped out of the race at the last minute and Ted Cruz won the caucus ( do I have that right ? Ben Carson did n’t drop Ben Carson Really ? ) But the man came roaring back by Ben Carson Bush limb from limb en route to winning New Hampshire . That ’s really when    people started digging Trump , during his battles against " " " tough Trump " Jeb . Bush went down and Trump won , Jeb Bush , won all Trump the country . The political hacks could n’t stop it . They tried to give Little Marco Rubio The political hacks joke lines , but Marco ’s delivery was pretty lame to say the least . Trump went down again in Wisconsin , Trump Ted Cruz mobilized his    conservative movement activists and partnered Trump the Badger    Republican Establishment , relegating Trump ’s show to ballrooms and convention Trump like he was an aging standup comedian . Trump Trump came back again , sweeping the Trump Coast states and then winning big in Indiana with Bobby Knight . In Cleveland , Trump came out to " We Are Trump Champions . " He embarrassed Ted Cruz . For his Trump , it was awesome . Trump matter how bad it gets   —    and it it pretty bad recently   — it Trump manages to bounce back by being Trump . " Let Trump Be Trump Trump " as Corey Trump famously Trump on the campaign whiteboard when all of this began . Cory ’s gone now , in the Siberia of CNN , and there are a bunch of other people flitting around Trump now , some of whom are Trump and more loyal than others . For the last few weeks , those people had no clue how to stop the bleeding . Surrogate Rudy Giuliani , yelling at Chris Matthews that God gave him prostate cancer at the wrong time Chris Matthews stop Hillary Clinton when she ran for Senate , was the Hillary Clinton keeping the pulse going . On Friday , The Donald took things into his own hands . Since day one The Donald this reporter has wondered : when will The Donald just go all in ? He knows that the cable networks are going The Donald maliciously clip all of his speeches to highlight things they can attack The Donald for . He knows the cable networks he ’s The Donald going to The Donald a fair The Donald . He knows that he ’s going to have The Donald win this The Donald on a different medium , on a different plane of consciousness , than the rest of the political class . He clearly wants to cut loose . On The Donald , The Donald started cutting loose . It ’s The Donald with 87 days to go , that the only way for this guy to win is to go ALL THE WAY . 
 