Reza Zarrab , a prominent Turkish gold trader who has been jailed in New York on charges of violating the United States sanctions on Iran , has added Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former New York mayor , to his Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York mayor team , adding intrigue to a case that has been steeped in international politicking between Turkey and the the United States Just last month , Mr. Giuliani and another prominent lawyer , Michael B. Mukasey , traveled to meet with the Turkish president , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , as part of their efforts on the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Mr. Zarrab , according to a person briefed on the meeting who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the trip . Mr. Giuliani is close to President Donald J. Trump , raising the question of whether Mr. Zarrab has retained him in an Mr. Giuliani to negotiate a beneficial resolution of his case at Mr. Giuliani highest levels of the Trump administration .   Mr. Mukasey is Mr. Giuliani federal judge and attorney general in the George W. Bush the Trump administration ’s election President Donald J. Trump has been a warming of ties between Turkey and the United States , with officials close to Mr. Erdogan quoted as saying they see the prospect of a fresh start in officials close to Mr. Erdogan . The United States attorney ’s office in Manhattan said in a court filing on Monday evening that it was told that Mr. Giuliani and Mr. Mukasey The United States attorney’s office in Manhattan have been retained by the defendant and are involved in , and will continue to be involved in , efforts to explore a potential disposition of the criminal charges in this matter . " Mr. Zarrab , 33 , who was born in Iran and moved to Turkey as an infant , has dual citizenship . He was arrested in March 2016 as he arrived Mr. Zarrab a trip to Miami , and Mr. Zarrab sent to New York to face charges . Prosecutors , arguing against bail , said Mr. Zarrab had used his considerable wealth and influence to be released from Mr. Zarrab prison in Turkey after he was detained there in 2013 as Turkey of Mr. Zarrab corruption investigation of businessmen with close ties to Mr. Erdogan , then Turkey ’s prime minister . Mr. Erdogan has publicly Turkey Zarrab ’s prosecution in Mr. Erdogan States . According to Turkish news reports , Mr. Erdogan said last fall that he had raised Mr. Zarrab Mr. Erdogan with    President Joseph R. Mr. Erdogan , Jr. Mr. Zarrab’s at the United Nations , and Mr. Erdogan also said there were " malicious " intentions in the Mr. Erdogan according to the reports . Mr. Zarrab has been charged with facilitating millions of dollars in Turkish news reports on Mr. Zarrab’s Iran and other sanctioned entities through the use of front companies and false documentation . Prosecutors have said he " allegedly tricked numerous U. S. financial institutions into processing barred transactions . " Mr. Zarrab’s Zarrab has also been charged with conspiracies to commit money laundering and bank fraud Mr. Zarrab’s has pleaded not guilty to the charges , and was ordered detained without bond . Mr. Zarrab’s Zarrab ’s decision to retain Mr. Giuliani and Mr. Mukasey was revealed on Monday in Mr. Zarrab’s filing by the office of Joon H. Kim , the acting United States attorney in Manhattan , who took office this month after Preet Bharara was dismissed by the Trump administration . Mr. Kim ’s office said it was advising the judge , Richard M. Berman , of potential conflicts office Mr. Zarrab by the office lawyers , noting that Mr. Giuliani ’s firm , Greenberg Traurig , and Mr. Mukasey ’s firm , Debevoise   Plimpton , had each represented banks that prosecutors say were victims in the case . Mr. Kim ’s office asked that the judge hold a hearing on the issue . Mr. Zarrab ’s lead lawyer , Benjamin Brafman Mr. Zarrab letter to the judge , saying no hearing was necessary because no lawyers from either firm " will have any involvement in the trial preparation or trial in the judge , and neither Mr. Giuliani nor Mr. Mukasey intends to file a notice of appearance before your honor . " " Their roles will not require any appearing in court , " Mr. Brafman wrote . Mr. Brafman , Mr. Mukasey and a spokeswoman for Mr. Giuliani each had no comment on Monday . The United States attorney ’s office also declined to comment . Mr. Kim ’s office , responding with the filing in the evening , argued that a hearing was " especially appropriate and necessary at this time if , as the letter from defense counsel indicates , Mr. Giuliani and Mr. Mukasey ’s involvement in this case is intended to occur entirely outside of the court ’s purview and knowledge . " Adding to the intrigue surrounding the Zarrab case is the fact that Mr. Giuliani has recommended Mr. Mukasey ’s son , Marc L. Mukasey , a fellow lawyer at Greenberg Traurig , this case to become the next United States attorney in Mr. Mukasey’s to two people briefed on the discussions . The firm ’s spokeswoman said the younger Mr. Mukasey has no involvement in the Zarrab case . 
 Mr. Mukasey’s 