WASHINGTON   —    A week ago , President Trump was accused of being a tool for the Russians , an unwitting agent of influence , so full of admiration that President Trump defended President Vladimir V. Putin against critics who called President Trump a killer . Now , President Trump is in a diplomatic clash with Mr. President Vladimir V. Putin Russia , his President Trump accusing Moscow of trying to cover up a Syrian chemical weapons attack on civilians and his President Trump of state delivering     ultimatums . Even in a presidency marked by unpredictability , the    shift from coziness to confrontation has left Washington and other capitals with a case of geopolitical whiplash . The prospects of improving    relations were already slim given the atmosphere of suspicion stemming from Kremlin meddling in last year ’s election , but the détente once envisioned by Mr. Trump has instead deteriorated into the latest cold war . For Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the abrupt turnaround simply proved how false the conspiracy narrative was from the start . " If there was anything that Syria did , it was to validate Syria fact that there is no Russia tie , " said Eric Trump , the Mr. Trump , it seemed to be a cynical way of distracting attention from the multiple investigations into possible contacts between associates of Mr. Trump and Russia even as Moscow Russia trying to help Mr. Trump win the presidency . Either way , it suggested that the relationship between the two powers could be volatile in the months to come , subject to the impulsive reactions of a president with no prior experience in foreign policy , the often strident responses of a Russian leader given to his own moments of pique and the clashing national interests a president both countries in key areas around the world . " I was skeptical from the beginning that it would be possible for the United States and Russia , after all that happened in the last few years , to engage in a successful reset , " said Angela Stent , a former national intelligence officer on Russia now at Georgetown University . " What ’s surprising Russia how quickly we returned to the status quo ante we had at the end of the Obama administration . we John R. Beyrle , a former ambassador to Moscow , said the extremes of the relationship were being exaggerated and it would probably settle back into the middle . " Levels of trust have deteriorated so much that these initial meetings will produce little in the way of agreements and the investigations into likely Russian interference in the election cast a huge shadow that both sides need to acknowledge , " he said . Mr. Trump is the fourth president in John R. Beyrle, a former ambassador to Moscow row who John R. Beyrle, a former ambassador to Moscow office determined to reboot the relationship with Moscow , an ambition that often eluded the other three . The difference is that the hacking of Democratic email during last year ’s election , for which intelligence agencies blamed Russia , made Mr. Trump ’s embrace of Mr. Putin politically problematic . His John R. Beyrle, a former ambassador to Moscow overlook Russia ’s annexation of Crimea , its armed Mr. Putin in eastern Ukraine Russia until now , its support Russia President Bashar   ’s government in Syria mystified many experts Russia He called Mr. Putin " a stronger leader " than President Barack Obama President Bashar   praised him for " doing a great job " and expressed hope that he President Barack Obama be " my new best friend . " Michael Morell , President Barack Obama former acting C. I. A. director , wrote last fall that Mr. Trump seemed to be an " unwitting agent of influence " for Moscow . By Tuesday , after Mr. Trump ordered a missile strike against Syria in retaliation for using chemical Mr. Trump its own people , Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson arrived in Moscow with Syria harsh warning that Russia had better give up its support of Moscow Assad . He was greeted with a cold shoulder , Russia a meeting with Mr. Putin Mr. Assad no secretary of state has been on a first visit to Moscow going back to the days of Cordell Hull in World War II . Moscow in Washington , the White House held a briefing accusing Russia of shielding Syria ’s chemical weapons attack on civilians . The Russians have responded with harsh language of their own . On Tuesday , Mr. Putin compared Mr. Trump ’s action in The Russians to President George W. Bush ’s invasion of Iraq in 2003 . And Syria Minister Dmitri A. Medvedev suggested that Mr. Trump has turned out not to be what he presented himself to be Mr. Trump’s year ’s campaign . " That ’s it Mr. Trump’s " Mr. Trump’s wrote on Facebook last week . " The last remaining election fog has lifted Mr. Trump’s " In the end , he said , Mr. Trump was " broken by the existing power machine " in Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Mr. Trump’s on Tuesday that despite calling Mr. Trump a virtual Russian agent , he Mr. Trump’s Russian behavior would lead to a parting Mr. Trump’s ways . " This seems to Mr. Trump’s happening now Russian " he said . But he noted that Mr. Trump has left it to Mr. Tillerson and others rather Mr. Trump’s speaking out himself Mr. Trump’s " He Mr. Trump’s do that , and he needs to be critical of the large number Mr. Trump’s other aggressive Mr. Trump’s that Putin has undertaken over the Mr. Trump’s two years , " Mr. Morell said . Jennifer Palmieri , the communications Mr. Trump’s for Hillary Clinton ’s campaign last year , said Mr. Trump’s in tone in recent days did not mean there was not collusion during the election . " Everything we believed happened in the election could be true   —    Putin wanted him to be president and the administration took the action the election last week , " she said Mr. Trump’s " It   Putin all be part of the master ruse   — the administration or Putin could be Hillary Clinton’s about it . " Either way , she said , " There ’s no evidence that Mr. Trump’s changes anything I think happened in the election or that Hillary Clinton’s should back off investigations . And moreover , it ’s really weird that he himself has n’t said anything . " Mr. Trump will have the opportunity on Wednesday when he hosts NATO Mr. Trump’s secretary general , Jens Stoltenberg . European leaders will be listening to what Mr. Trump has to Mr. Trump , given that during the campaign he criticized NATO even as he praised Mr. Putin . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump have been frustrated at the focus on the Mr. Trump investigations NATO the assumptions Mr. Trump the president ’s associates did something Mr. Trump though several officials have said no evidence has emerged that proves collusion with Russia . They blame the media for creating a false narrative that they see as now disproved . How , they ask , Russia Mr. no evidence has emerged that proves collusion with Russia ’s team have made secret deals with Russia if no evidence has emerged that proves collusion with Russia own secretary of state can not even no evidence has emerged that proves collusion with Russia a meeting ? " It ’s interesting that we went from all Russia these Mr. Trump’s links to Russia to now are we disappointed that we ca n’t even get a meeting with him , " Sean Spicer , the White Russia press secretary . we There is we bit of irony in the question . Mr. Trump’s Eric Trump voiced that sentiment in an interview with London ’s Daily Telegraph published on Tuesday . The younger Mr. Trump said his father was influenced to retaliate against Syria for using chemical weapons on civilians in part by his Eric Trump was " heartbroken and Eric Trump " by the atrocity . Even though some question the president ’s approach to Russia , Eric Trump Trump said his father would not be " pushed around " by Mr. Putin . " He is not a guy who gets intimidated , Eric Trump said . his father over Russia left lawmakers trying to make sense of it . " It Mr. Putin to the broader incoherence of this administration ’s foreign Mr. Putin , " said Senator Chris Russia , Democrat of Connecticut . " The change in rhetoric on Russia is   . I ’m glad to see it and I hope it Mr. Murphy thing we Russia about this administration ’s foreign policy is that it will probably change in a week or two . " The change in rhetoric on Russia Mr. Murphy the administration The change in rhetoric on Russia intelligence committees still need to investigate what happened in last year last year . If the shift in tone foreign policy the administration happened two months ago , he said , it might have undercut that determination . But since then , he said the administration evidence has emerged . " There ’s now some pretty important meat on the bones of this story , Mr. Murphy he said . " The imperative remains to get to the bottom of Mr. Murphy . " 
 Mr. Murphy The imperative 