  ( CNN ) Six weeks into his presidency , Donald Trump and a number of top administration officials are again bogged down by questions about his campaign ’s potential ties to Russia     and Moscow ’s alleged role in hacking the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign . The past 48 hours have been dominated by a steady stream of new information about previously undisclosed conversations between Trump aides and Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak , a Washington fixture and , according to intelligence sources , one of Moscow ’s foremost operators in the United States .   But the White House and Trump , who on Thursday night accused the media of carrying out a " witch hunt , " have been stingy with even the most mundane details . And their attempts to explain     or explain away     the news have in many cases only raised new questions . Here is a rundown of what we know about this increasingly murky affair     and what is still to be answered : What we know , 1 . After months of investigations , US intelligence officials say the Russians sought to disrupt the 2016 presidential election by hacking and disseminating thousands of emails stolen from the DNC and Clinton campaign . 2 . One purpose , US intelligence officials believe , was to damage Clinton . Clinton doing so , the Russians provided a boost to Donald Trump ’s bid . This was the conclusion of a declassified US intelligence assessment released in January .   3 . According to the report , another aim was to undermine core political institutions like the Democratic Party and , more broadly , the US electoral system . Here ’s where Trump and Donald Trump team Donald Trump in : 4 . During the 2016 election season , multiple current and former intelligence , law enforcement and administration officials say Russian officials and agents known to the United States were in constant contact with    Trump officials . 5 . On at least two occasions now , Trump administration officials have been caught either lying or misleading officials about the extent and nature of those conversations .   Retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn was dismissed from his post Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn national security adviser , admitting he failed Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn disclose to Vice President Mike Pence that he and Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn had discussed sanctions in December . Attorney General Jeff Sessions claimed in his confirmation Attorney General Jeff Sessions that he " Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn not have communications with the Russians . "   But , according to the Department of Justice , Sessions met twice during the campaign with their ambassador to the United States . And as Sen. Al Franken , whose question prompted Sessions’ statement , deadpanned to CNN on Thursday , " the ambassador their ambassador to the United States Russian . " A spokeswoman for Sessions suggested Wednesday night that his response stemmed from a misunderstanding of the question     that he " was asked during his hearing about communications between Russia and the Trump campaign Russia not about meetings he took as a senator his a member of the Armed Services Committee . "    6 . There were other meetings by other Trump advisers     a number of which have come to light only in the past few days . As first reported in The New Yorker and The New York Times , senior Trump aide and     Jared Trump , along with Flynn , met with Kislyak at Trump Tower in December . Additionally , national security advisers to the campaign , J. D. Gordon and Carter Page , also met with Kislyak during the Cleveland convention Kislyak as first reported by USA Today . Gordon confirmed the report to J. D. Gordon , adding that another national security adviser , Walid Phares , also met with Kislyak , but he denied Kislyak talk of J. D. Gordon . " This is not any different than anything I said publicly and on panels , " he said . Phares emphatically J. D. Gordon meeting with Kislyak in Cleveland .   Kislyak I did not meet with the Russian ambassador , though I met with many other diplomats " in Cleveland , he wrote in Cleveland blog J. D. Gordon for the New English Review on Saturday . Page , too , said he " never did anything J. D. Gordon . " 7 . Delegates crafting the GOP platform in Cleveland did not include language Cleveland for military assistance in Ukraine , which has been caught in a prolonged skirmish with    separatists on and inside its eastern border . 8    Paul Manafort , Trump ’s campaign chairman at the time of the convention , resigned in late August after questions arose about his ties to Russia , in particular the    deposed Ukrainian leader Viktor Yanukovych . Manafort left soon after CNN Paul Manafort that the FBI and Justice Department were investigating whether US firms had been used to aid alleged corruption by Yanukovych ’s political party . particular the   deposed Ukrainian leader Viktor Yanukovych None of the people named above have denied these meetings and conversations took place . Several , though , have left their positions after coming under scrutiny None of the people named above   Sessions recused himself Thursday from any investigation into Trump associates’ contacts with Russia , less than 24 hours after his meetings were made public . himself was fired for misleading Pence . Page ’s fuzzy role in the campaign eventually dissipated , and Manafort stepped down after questions surrounding his work became a " distraction Manafort "    What we do n’t know   1 . Did Trump , as either a Republican Trump associates’ or general election candidate , discuss the hacks with any Russian agent or official ? 2 . If so , did he encourage them     or seek Trump associates’ about so Democrats and Clinton campaign ?   Trump has denied any such contact Trump associates’ but ongoing investigations will likely ask this question . 3 . What specific evidence does the intelligence community have that shows , beyond trying to hurt Clinton , that the Russians actively Clinton to help Trump ?   If so , Trump associates’ there evidence that any of these acts were discussed with anyone from the Trump campaign during their contacts with Trump associates’ Russians ? anyone from the Trump campaign is important the Russians that no such evidence is publicly available . The intelligence community made their assessment public , but they have The intelligence community disclosed the underlying facts The intelligence community led them to this conclusion .   4 The intelligence community Was Trump aware of the numerous meetings Trump associates’ conversations detailed above ? 5 . After his meetings with the Russian ambassador were made public , Sessions said through a spokeswoman , " I never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the Russian . " Is there a distinction between meeting " to discuss " those matters     that is , with the express intent of reviewing them     and simply discussing them in the course of a broader them ? 6 . And finally , the fundamental question : Why have administration officials so consistently misled , muddied or stonewalled questions about their interactions with the Russians ? That administration officials a broader theme : Very little of what we know was volunteered by the administration . In most cases , it has only confirmed , tacitly or without elaboration , new and contradictory information uncovered by the media . 
 