  ( CNN ) Donald Trump fired Lewandowski’s Monday , unleashing a major    as Donald Trump comes under pressure from Donald Trump closest advisers     particularly Donald Trump family members     to urgently reset Donald Trump struggling presidential campaign .   Lewandowski ’s abrupt departure is Lewandowski’s campaign ’s most significant his struggling presidential campaign to date and signals an acknowledgment from Trump that an overhaul is necessary ahead of the general election . Trump has suffered major setbacks since Trump the GOP ’s presumptive nominee last month , coming under intense criticism from party leaders , major donors and     Republicans for an array of issues     including his response to the terrorist attack Trump Orlando that killed 49 people . " The Donald J. Trump Campaign for President , which has set a historic record in the Republican Primary having received almost 14 million votes , has today announced that Corey Lewandowski will no longer be working with the campaign , " Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said in a statement Monday . " The campaign is grateful to Corey the campaign hard work and Corey Lewandowski and Corey Lewandowski wish him the best in the future Corey Lewandowski "    RELATED : GOP donors rattled by Trump , The decision to fire Lewandowski was made swiftly in a Corey Lewandowski morning weekly meeting with Trump ’s Monday members , a Trump Trump .   In an interview Trump CNN ’s Dana Bash , Lewandowski     asked why he was Corey Lewandowski said : " Corey Lewandowski do n’t know . I do n’t know the answer to that . " " But what I know is that what we ’ve been able to achieve in this election cycle was historic , " Lewandowski said . " I had a Corey Lewandowski conversation with Mr. Trump and I said to him , ’It Trump an honor and a privilege Trump be a part of this,’ and I mean that from the bottom of my heart . " Lewandowski consistently pushed back on widespread reporting Corey Lewandowski his presence in the Trump campaign had Corey Lewandowski toxic , even as he acknowledged Trump he is a " Corey Lewandowski intense person Corey Lewandowski " a perfectionist and a " straight shooter "     sometimes to his own detriment . And even without Corey Lewandowski formal role with the campaign , Lewandowski said he would do whatever he the Trump campaign Corey Lewandowski Trump win the Corey Lewandowski House .   He was also Trump unapologetic : " Corey Lewandowski have no regrets as it comes to this campaign , " he said .   Trump , speaking the Trump campaign News’ Bill O’Reilly , in an interview set to air Monday night , praised Lewandowski , saying he was " really Corey Lewandowski of him Corey Lewandowski " " He did a Corey Lewandowski job . But Corey Lewandowski ’re gon na go little bit of a different route , " he told O’Reilly . Ivanka ’s role Corey Lewandowski Ivanka Trump , the candidate ’s Bill O’Reilly , played a pivotal role in convincing Trump to take action against Lewandowski . She had been critical of Corey Lewandowski for months and this was not Trump first time that she had leaned on her father to part ways with his top Trump . Contributing to Trump Corey Lewandowski ’s recent dissatisfaction with Lewandowski were intensifying tensions between Lewandowski Trump Trump ’s husband , Corey Lewandowski Kushner , an influential force behind the scenes . One source said rumors swirled that Lewandowski had attempted to plant negative stories Corey Lewandowski the press about Kushner     a final straw for Ivanka Trump .   RELATED : 5 key Corey Lewandowski moments   By Trump , Eric Trump , Ivanka Trump ’s brother , had already reached a breaking point with Lewandowski and expressed his frustrations about the Corey Lewandowski operations to Corey Lewandowski father , according to a senior Corey Lewandowski source .   It was ultimately Ivanka Trump who sat down with her father on Sunday and convinced him to let Lewandowski go     even Corey Lewandowski his father Corey Lewandowski sorts about her own continued involvement with the campaign , according to sources with knowledge of this her .   The development the Trump campaign Kushner     who is already involved in building a transition team for Donald Trump should he win the White House in November     could play an increasingly prominent role in guiding Donald Trump Trump campaign .   But Lewandowski on Monday denied that there were tensions between himself and Trump ’s children , as well as Jared Kushner , telling Bash that he Lewandowski a Donald Trump great relationship with the family . " Lewandowski did not appear to Lewandowski that the axe was about to drop : The firing Lewandowski so sudden that he was on a call with Republican National Committee staffers Monday morning , just hours before Lewandowski firing , according to one GOP source . Sources close to the campaign view Lewandowski Lewandowski ouster as a major reset for Trump ’s campaign     as well as an Lewandowski acknowledgment that things were not going well .   Those closest to Trump worried that Lewandowski presented multiple problems for Trump . For one , they feared that Trump’s was a Lewandowski to enlisting experienced , Trump’s strategists to join the campaign . There Lewandowski also concerns that Lewandowski     with direct access to Trump ’s campaign     would get the candidate agitated on Lewandowski ultimately " did not matter Trump’s the campaign and feed some of Trump ’s misguided instincts , two sources said .   Toned down rhetoric campaign     ’s inability   Trump’s    and apparent lack of interest   —    in toning down his Trump’s into the general election season has deeply troubled the party . There is widespread concern that without a Lewandowski    with direct access to Trump’s ear     course change , Trump will continue to be significantly outmatched by presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton on many fronts , including organization Trump’s communications and fundraising . The news , which was first reported by The New York Times , comes amid deep internal tensions that have roiled the Trump campaign . Lewandowski was well known for being fiercely loyal to his boss     he is even a Trump’s Trump campaign Hampshire     and also deeply protective of his direct access to the Lewandowski . This Lewandowski created a series of problems as the Trump campaign began to hire staffers and Lewandowski its operations , including when Trump enlisted veteran GOP strategist Paul Manafort earlier this Trump campaign The internal drama     which Lewandowski dismissed during Trump campaign interview with CNN on Monday     was viewed as a huge source of distraction at a time when Trump needed to devote all of Lewandowski campaign ’s resources to preparing for November .   With Lewandowski leading the campaign , Trump volleyed from Trump controversy to the next : Trump attacks on Judge Gonzalo Curiel ’s Mexican heritage and suggesting Lewandowski President Barack Obama perhaps Trump a role in the Orlando massacre . Lewandowski encouraged this behavior , rather than prodding the candidate back on message , one adviser said . Amid all of these distractions , members Lewandowski the Trump family , his friends , as well as Manafort , had been upping their efforts to convince Trump that Lewandowski ’s guidance had grown harmful to the Lewandowski and the campaign . Joining Trump ’s family in making members of the Trump family, his friends, as well as Manafort case against Lewandowski was RNC Lewandowski Priebus , according to one source familiar with the decision . Priebus has Trump that Lewandowski’s making the case to Trump since Lewandowski last week that Lewandowski had to go .   RELATED : Trump clarifies armed    stance after NRA split , Some the case against Lewandowski Trump latest move will allow the Lewandowski to ramp up more quickly by building Trump a communications team , a rapid response effort and by ramping up their political machine in battleground states , an adviser said . " This has not been a campaign , it ’s been a concert tour , " the the campaign said , adding this could be the turning point for the campaign to get more serious . A This adviser added a note of caution though an adviser if Trump is n’t This to behave in a more the campaign , then Lewandowski ’s departure may do little good . " I do n’t know if it helps Trump personally unless he is willing to completely change through the Manafort model , " the adviser added . Power struggle , This marks the latest fallout in the power Trump between Lewandowski Trump Manafort     ultimately seen as a major victory for Manafort that A second adviser him to run the campaign in a more traditional sense . Some sources within the campaign Lewandowski expecting Manafort and his deputy , Rick Gates , to fill the power void Lewandowski Lewandowski leaves behind .   The Trump campaign has started hiring what one the campaign " middle Manafort staffers Manafort political experience " in key battle ground states across the country Lewandowski scheduled to start after the the campaign Despite the Trump campaign ’s efforts to create a more    machine , they are still not operating at full capacity due to internal feuding .   RELATED :    delegate faction says it ’s the campaign faces long odds , " No one is really sure who the campaign running things . It ’s very disorganized , " said one GOP source working with the campaign . Most delegate faction the new hires have not begun their actual jobs yet , but are still in the process of filling delegate faction the enormous amount of paperwork     including disclosures and noncompetes that the campaign being employed by Trump , said one source . There the new hires particular frustrations that the campaign has yet to hire a traditional Trump’s team that can handle the high volume of media requests that comes with being a nominee for president , according to two sources in and around the campaign the campaign , the team consists of only Hope Hicks , Trump ’s spokeswoman .   " No one is managing the message , " one source close to the Trump’s told CNN . Last month the campaign hired    consultant and operative Jim Murphy as political director , replacing Rick Wiley after clashes with Lewandowski and CNN original Trump hires led to Wiley ’s abrupt departure from the campaign . One of the top priorities with the campaign place was Lewandowski out the campaign ’s communications team , this person told CNN .   In what was widely viewed as an incredible demonstration of Rick Wiley animosity towards Lewandowski the campaign factions of the campaign , one CNN adviser , Michael Caputo , tweeted this on Monday minutes after the news broke about Lewandowski Lewandowski " Trump’s dong the witch is dead ! "   Caputo later expressed " regret " for issuing the tweet and the campaign position Lewandowski director of communications for caucus operations at the 2016 Republican convention . 
 the July convention Michael Caputo Michael Caputo 