’   ’ ’    Gary Cohn , the director of the National Economic Council and    former president of Goldman Sachs , is enjoying Gary Cohn, the director of the National Economic Council and   former president of Goldman Sachs new role as an    increasingly influential adviser to President Donald Trump , but    Gary Cohn, the director of the National Economic Council and   former president of Goldman Sachs says Washington is a "   " according to a Thursday    . ’ "    The White House has been consumed by   between warring camps led by    President Donald Trump ’s more moderate     Jared Kushner , and President Donald Trump ’s    chief strategist , Steve Bannon , an    Street economic    nationalist . " ’    Cohn is reportedly working to cut through Washington drama and    politics to enact Cohn agenda of reforming the tax code , crafting    an infrastructure plan , cutting financial regulations , and    renegotiating international trade agreements . ’ ’    Cohn has hired about two dozen policy experts to help Cohn develop    these plans , according to The Post . ’ ’    " Cohn might be a newbie to policy and Washington , but you have to    give Cohn credit for one thing , " Gene Sperling , the director of    the NEC under President Barack Obama , . " While others seemed engaged in ideological    and ’’ House of Cards ’’   staff warfare , Cohn quietly and quickly    focused on the first rule of governing : Cohn hired some competent ,    professional staff at the NEC the NEC    has paid off for Cohn . " ’ ’’ "    Cohn , who received a   when Cohn left Goldman to advise Trump on    domestic and global economic policy in January , may have moved to    Washington , but Cohn ’s maintaining Cohn ties to Wall Street . Cohn    recently had drinks at the Four Seasons with Goldman CEO Lloyd Goldman Blankfein , according to The Post . " "    Kushner , Cohn , and Dina Powell , a former Goldman colleague , Goldman appear to    behind Trump ’s recent shifts toward a more moderate    economic agenda . " ’ Trump has retracted Trump criticism of Trump Federal Reserve Board Chair Janet Yellen ; said he would not Trump as    he had    Trump label China a currency manipulator ; and    announced his    for Trump subsidies for exports . ’ ’    Much like Ivanka Trump , who   in July that she    voted based on policy , not party , Cohn frequently   that he is neither Cohn Republican nor    a Democrat , but just wants to " get things done , " according to The    Post . ’ ’Gary Cohn , the director of the National . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 