Wednesday in New York City , presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump criticized Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , saying presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump undisclosed foreign donations while at the State Department means presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is the " most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States . "   presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said , " In the words of the Secret Service agent posted outside the Oval Office , somebody that saw presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump a lot and knows presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump probably better than almost anybody , presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump simply lacks the integrity and temperament to serve in the Oval Office . From the bottom of my soul , I know this to be true . presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leadership style —   volcanic impulsive , disdainful and disdainful of the rules set for everyone else —   has n’t changed one bit . Perhaps the most terrifying thing about Hillary Clinton ’s foreign policy is that she Hillary Clinton to acknowledge the threat posed by radical Islam . In fact , Hillary Hillary Clinton a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into the United States , and that ’s an increase over president Obama ’s already high number . Under her plan Hillary Clinton we would admit hundreds of thousands of refugees from the most dangerous countries on earth , with no way to screen who they are hundreds of thousands of refugees what they are hundreds of thousands of refugees what they believe hundreds of thousands of refugees where they come hundreds of thousands of refugees . Already hundreds of recent immigrants and their children recent immigrants been convicted of terrorist activity inside the United States . The father of the Orlando shooter was a Taliban supporter from Afghanistan , one of the most repressive    and    regimes on earth . I only want to admit people who share our values and love our people our He added The father of the Orlando shooter " Hillary Clinton wants to bring in people who believe women should be enslaved and gays put to death . Maybe her motivation Hillary Clinton among the more than 1 , 000 foreign donations Hillary failed to disclose while at the State Department . Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 