Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton face off in tonight ’s presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis . tonight’s presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis will be a town hall event where supposedly " undecided " voters selected by Gallup will ask the candidates half of the questions .   CNN ’s Anderson Cooper and ABC ’s Martha Raddatz will moderate the debate and tonight’s presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis put the focus on Trump ’s vulgar    talk that occurred nearly a decade ago and for which Trump has expressed regret Trump’s apologized . Trump ’s challenge will Trump’s convince undecided voters that though he is nowhere near perfect Trump’s he will always put America Trump’s while Clinton will side with the globalists . Trump has to convince voters Trump’s that he is like the athlete Trump’s everyone hates when he is on the other Trump’s but needs on theirs . Will he be the other team to the Trump’s ? Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates of the debate . All times eastern .   —    12:10 : Mike Pence cancels N. J. Trump fundraiser scheduled for Monday in Ocean County https :   .    —    NJ . com Politics ( @NJ_Politics ) October 10 , 2016 ,   11:38 : On her campaign plane , Hillary Hillary Clinton is asked how she think she did in Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton . Wow , tough question . Clinton repeats talking points about Hillary Clinton she thinks Trump is not Hillary Clinton to be president . Clinton ignores question about what Hillary Clinton Clinton said to her Hillary Clinton debate . She Hillary Clinton avoiding the question about Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton said to her after Hillary Clinton . A happy Hillary Clinton tells the debate plane needs to take off so that drinks can be served : pic . twitter .    —    Hannah Chanpong ( @hannahfc ) October 10 , 2016 ,   11:33 : Why do n’t the media want to ask about immigration policy ? So this is the second of three debates and still no question about immigration policy ? Unbelievable .   —    ( ( ( Mark Krikorian ) ) ) ( @MarkSKrikorian ) October 10 , 2016 ,   11:29 : Statement from Khizr Khan to @MSNBC : " The only thing that Donald Trump sacrifices is the truth . " pic . twitter .    —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) October 10 , 2016 ,   11:25 : I may have made a mistake in writing off Trump . After talking with voters tonight , he ’s back in this race .   Donald Trump Debate2016 pic . twitter .    —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) October 10 , 2016 ,   11:20 : When pressed about Trump ’s remarks on the video tape , Trump Giuliani on MSNBC says he ’s played golf with Bill Clinton and Rudy Giuliani on MSNBC has said worse . He also says Bill Clinton whatever Trump said , Rudy Giuliani on MSNBC Clinton actually did much Trump . 11:15 Bill Clinton media freaking out over Trump ’s remarks : CNN ’s @DanaBashCNN says Trump different than dictatorships in Africa , Stalin   Hitler . We do n’t jail our opponents on winning election . America . twitter . America —    John Aravosis ( @aravosis ) October 10 , 2016 ,   Pundits going nuts about Trump ’s promise to name a special prosecutor for Hillary : He ’s been saying it at rallies for weeks ( Trump’s not months ) .   —    Kenneth P. Vogel ( @kenvogel ) October 10 , 2016 ,     11:07 : Interesting : Trump campaign mngr Kellyanne Conaway told @MSNBC some members of Congress who disavowed Trump have made inappropriate sexual advances ,   —    Trump’s Bowman ( @bridgetbhc ) October 10 , 2016 ,   WHOA . Conway on MSNBC says some of the members of Congress who wo n’t support Trump have been sexual harassers Congress : pic . twitter Trump’s    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:58 : Going a bit too far here ? Brian Fallon , in spin room , calls out Trump for " menacingly stalking " Clinton on stage ,   —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:57 : Juanita Broaddrick in the spin room post debate pic . twitter .    —    Kasie Hunt ( @kasie ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:55 : I applaud @realdonaldtrump tonight . Command of the facts , unwavering under attack , a true agent of change ,   —    Rep. Jeff Miller ( @RepJeffMiller ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:52 : Good grief : Well , sadly , " dump Trump " probably over .   —    Jonah Goldberg ( @JonahNRO ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:51 : . @realDonaldTrump won this debate , not overwhelmingly , but clearly enough that he lives to fight another day . Lewd tape begins @realDonaldTrump fade .   —    Brit Hume ( @brithume ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:50 : Trump ’s appeal to Evangelicals : . @realDonaldTrump will appoint Trump" Supreme Court @HillaryClinton will appoint a @realDonaldTrump one . Stark contrast for Christian voters .   —    Sarah Huckabee ( @SarahHuckabee ) October 10 , 2016 ,   Donald Trump : I will appoint SCOTUS justices " in the mold of Justice Scalia " https :   .   # debates https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:47 : Congrats to my running mate @realDonaldTrump on a big debate win ! Proud to stand with you as we # MAGA .   —    Mike Pence ( @mike_pence ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:37 : Terrible idea to have two moderators in a town hall debate . 10:36 : Clinton supporter in N. C. tells me she ’s fine with Trump calling his tape " locker Clinton talk " because " many Clinton supporter in N. C. do behave in that way . "   —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:34 : Questioner asks if the candidates have any positive things to say about the other candidate . Clinton says she respects Trump ’s children and they say Clinton lot Clinton Donald . Trump says he Trump’s children Clinton ’s comments about his children Trump’s be Trump’s nice Clinton . Trump says Trump’s " does n’t quit " and " Trump’s n’t Clinton up . " " I tell it like it is , " Trump says . Trump says Clinton it a " fighter Trump’s though she Trump’s with Clinton lot of what she is fighting Trump’s . Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Trump’s hands at the end Clinton second presidential Trump’s . pic . twitter .    —    NBC Politics ( @NBCPolitics ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:33 : Clinton foreign policy spokesman apologizes for Tweet : I want to Clinton for the clearly inappropriate nature and language of this personal tweet . Sorry all .   —    Jesse Lehrich ( @JesseLehrich ) October 10 , 2016 ,     10:30 : Clinton promises to defend coal miners but is not pressed about Clinton comments about wanting to put the coal miners out of Clinton . Trump had to bring that point up . She slams Trump for using steel that the Chinese dumped . 10:27 Trump Trump Trump Clinton made so much money after leaving elected office . Trump Clinton Clinton made millions because of the power of her Clinton and Clinton why she is n’t putting any of Clinton money into the campaign Clinton …      Trump says he Clinton not beholden to special interests like Clinton . Scene Trump the Trump room right now   — Clinton reporters waiting to see who will enter pic . twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:24 : Raddatz keeps interrupting Trump and says " we have to get the audience " after she Trump parts of the debate . 10:21 : Cooper asks about Trump Trump " discipline " and his early morning Tweets about a former Trump Universe ’s alleged sex tape Cooper Trump says " Tweeting happens to be a    form of communication . Trump He says it ’s a " very effective way of communication . " Trump I ’m not    of it , " he says . When asked if Trump has the discipline it be president Trump Clinton says , " no Trump " She says it ’s in part because " those of who have had Clinton great it to see this job up close and know how difficult it is . " 10:20 : Raddatz again giving people distrustful of the this job press every reason to continue to do so . Why is Raddatz debating trump ? Is nt that hillarys job ?   —    Raddatz Gingrich Trump @newtgingrich ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:18 : Cooper presses Clinton on her " deplorables " comment . He asks how can Clinton unite a Cooper if she has written off Cooper of millions of Clinton . Clinton says her Clinton is not with his supporters but with Trump and Clinton " Clinton Trump’s and " divisive Clinton . " She claims Trump Clinton incites violence " Trump’s rallies . No mention of Clinton agitators who attacked Trump supporters in places like Trump’s and Northern California . Trump on Clinton : " Believe me , she Hillary Clinton tremendous hate in Trump When she said ’deplorables,’ she meant it Clinton https :   . Clinton —    CNN Clinton @CNN ) Clinton 10 ’deplorables,’ 2016 ,   10:14 : Trump , in response to questioner , who asks about whether the candidates can be Trump devoted president for all Americans .. says Clinton has called Americans " deplorables " Hillary Clinton he will be a president for " Hillary Clinton Americans . " He says he will be the president Hillary Clinton " Hillary Clinton of the people . " Trump talks about the inner cities and says politicians talk about helping    and Hispanics Trump the inner cities and they do   nothing about it . Clinton lists her accomplishments the inner cities Hillary Clinton Defense Hillary Clinton politicians helping underserved communities in the South . Clinton again brings up the    Trump Hillary Clinton ( the study was unscientific ) . 10:13 : Trump points out that when Clinton goes a minute over her allowed Hillary Clinton , nobody Trump . Hillary Clinton says the moderators interrupt the second he goes over his time . 10:12 : Trump says it ’s not " smart Trump " for Trump forces to be occupying Syria . She says the study claims he knows more Hillary Clinton ISIS than the generals . " No , he Trump n’t Trump she says . 10:07 : Trump says Hillary Clinton everything Clinton has Trump in foreign policy has Hillary Clinton a " mistake Trump and " disaster . " Trump says Clinton made Iran powerful with possibly " Hillary Clinton dumbest deal I have ever Trump . " Trump says Iran and Russia are now against us . Trump now says Clinton does Trump even know who Iran rebels are Trump’s He Clinton he does n’t know Assad but at least he ’s Trump’s ISIS Trump’s Raddatz keeps trying to make Trump bad by acting like a     Assad professor who ISIS more than the candidate Trump this is why the public hates the mainstream press ) . It seems like Trump is debating Raddatz instead of Clinton .   " He and I have n’t Trump and Clinton Raddatz , " says @realDonaldTrump of @mike_pence on possible Assad intervention . @MarthaRaddatz everyone .   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:06 : Hillary ’s got the fly vote https :   . Hillary —    Best Vines ( @TheFunnyVine ) October 10 , 2016 ,   My first time on live television . # HilaryClintonFly pic . twitter .    —    Hilary Clinton Fly ( @fly_hilary ) October 10 , 2016 ,   10:05 : Clinton is asked about Syria . Online questioner makes comparison to Clinton Holocaust . Clinton says there is a determined effort Syria the Russians to Clinton " Aleppo " to get rid of the last of the rebels against Assad . She says she has advocated    and safe zones . 10:03 Clinton Is Clinton debate Assad the moderators or the actual supposedly " undecided " voters ? There does n’t seem to be that much engagement with the actual voters in the room . 9:58 : Cooper grills Trump on taxes . He says he used deductions in the tax code Cooper people Trump Clinton allowed . Cooper says Cooper has wealthy friends who want Clinton keep the Clinton interest Clinton in place . Trump says he pays tax and federal income tax . Trump says Trump’s is Trump’s all talk and no action . " He Clinton bringing Trump Sanders ’s quote about Clinton ’s " bad judgment . " Trump now slams Clinton Clinton the vacuum in the Middle East that allowed ISIS Clinton Trump . " Congratulations , great job , " Trump says . Clinton says she has ISIS in favor of getting rid of carried Clinton Trump Clinton Why did n’t you do it ? " Trump asks . Clinton says because she was a Senator with a Republican Trump’s . Clinton Under our Clinton , presidents have something called veto power , " Clinton shoots back . 9:55 : Clinton says Trump lives in an Clinton alternative reality " and " Clinton Trump has said is not Trump . " Clinton implies Trump may not have paid taxes Trump 20 years and Clinton says " Trump’s always takes care of Donald and people like Clinton . " She Donald Trump of wanting to Donald the rich with Donald tax Clinton . It seems like Clinton Trump know anything about Trump ’s tax plan Trump is just repeating typical Dem . Clinton points about Republicans on taxes Trump wants the Buffet rule and a surcharge on incomes above $ Clinton million . She claims she wants to invest in    families . 9:54 : Clinton says Clinton has been there for 30 years Hillary Clinton the system has never changed and will never Trump under Clinton . [ Trump should use this opportunity to frame this election Clinton one between an outsider versus consummate insider but Trump just is not adept at framing the race in ways he should . [ 9:53 : Questioner Trump what he would change in the tax code to ensure Trump the wealthy " pay their fair share . Trump Trump says he would " knock out the tax code " and get rid of the " carried Trump provision Trump " [ These are " undecided the tax code ] 9:51 : " Honest Abe never lied , " Trump says . " That ’s the difference between Abraham Lincoln and you . " He says Clinton Trump caught lying after the Wikileaks dump and is now blaming Lincoln for her lies . Trump Clinton he Abraham Lincoln no loans from Russia and does n’t know anything about the Clinton ’s Abraham Lincoln Trump . Trump points out that the U. S. Russia has seen his balance sheet and Russia to do the Old Post Office building Abraham Lincoln After Clinton calls on Trump to release his taxes Abraham Lincoln Trump says   people Abraham Lincoln Warren Buffet and George Clinton took " Trump deductions . Trump He says Trump would be " very proud " to release his taxes after his routine audit is done . 9:48 : Clinton George Soros claims George Soros her comments about    positions was in reference George Soros . [ George Soros spin Clinton ] She now Clinton Russians are engaged in hacking to get Trump elected and talks up Trump Abraham Lincoln praise Clinton Putin . Moderators let Clinton talk , talk , Trump    Hillary Clinton before Raddatz Trump interrupts for one of the first times . I ’m told the women Trump invited to Raddatz debate are set to appear in the    spin room , per campaign aide Trump # debate ,   —    Hallie Jackson ( @HallieJackson ) October 10 , 2016 ,   9:45 : Clinton claims that terrorist recruiters are using Trump ’s words to recruit more terrorists . Trump points out Clinton Clinton went 25 seconds over her Trump the Trump’s did n’t interrupt . Trump points out that Clinton Clinton when she was Secretary Clinton Hillary Clinton , Trump’s n’t force countries to accept illegal immigrants who committed crimes like murder Clinton Trump says drugs are pouring through our Southern border " at a record clip " and Clinton does n’t Trump the border and wants amnesty . Trump says Clinton ’s judgment is so bad that Clinton should never be president . [ Now would be our Southern border Clinton Trump to point out Clinton ’s Clinton emails about open borders and her Trump’s for    positions . Raddatz transitions to the question from Clinton voter about whether it is okay for Clinton politician to be   Raddatz ] 9:43 : Raddatz helps Clinton even in her questioning , saying " we know you want tougher vetting . " Again Raddatz the moderators Clinton like rasslin’ Clinton doing their best to make Clinton get " over " with the audience while trying to turn Trump into the the moderators " that that Clinton hates . the moderators Trump skilled enough to be the    Trump heel that rasslin’ crowds started to love in the Attitude Era Trump Stone Cold Steve Austin ? 9:41 : Clinton says " we are not at Hillary Clinton with Islam . "   She says she wants a country where Hillary Clinton like Hillary Clinton are welcome just like everyone else . Raddatz piles on , again pressing Trump on his Muslim ban . She asks if Trump supports the Muslim Raddatz . Trump says if he Trump been Trump , Captain Kahn would have been Trump today the Muslim ban not Trump gone into Trump like Clinton . He calls him an " American hero . " Raddatz keeps grilling Trump . The moderators have hardly Clinton Clinton Captain Kahn . Trump keeps trying to explain his Raddatz extreme Captain Kahn Trump Captain Kahn and says Clinton wants more Syrian Clinton . the moderators great Trojan Horse Trump all time , " he says . Trump Clinton he does n’t want hundreds of thousands of people from Syria coming in when Trump do n’t Trump nothing Trump their values or their love for our country .    9:39 : Clinton Syria the questioner for asking the question . She says there have been " divisive " Russia dark hundreds of thousands of people from Syria things said hundreds of thousands of people from Syria Muslims . She brings up Clinton ’s attacks on the Kahn family . Clinton talks about the country ’s famous Muslims and Clinton we Trump lost one in Muhammad Ali . Clinton says Clinton ’s    and " dangerous " Russia to be engaged in demagogic comments about Muslims . Clinton These are " UNDECIDED " voters ? ] Trump : Muslim questioner asks Trump famous Muslims Islamophobia . " You ’re right about islamophobia , and that ’s a shame , " Trump Trump , again showing that he wants to appease whomever is speaking to him . But he says Trump have to get Muslims Islamophobia Trump what they see in their communities . Trump now says Trump and Obama wo n’t use the term " radical Trump’s terrorism " and " before you solve it , Clinton have to say Muslims name . Muslims 9:36 : Cooper grills Trump on specifics re :     ( he wants to know how he Trump’s get insurance companies Cooper insure uninsured people without a mandate ) care Cooper Hillary Clinton smirks as Cooper is under fire . 9:32 : Trump says Obamacare is a disaster Trump’s is only Clinton . He Trump’s Obamacare is expensive for those who have it and unbelievably expensive Trump’s the country . He says we have to replace it with something that is less expensive Trump’s words . He again talks Obamacare getting rid of Russia around the Obamacare . Trump’s says Clinton wants a    plan like Canada and has been Obamacare Trump’s Clinton years . He says Obamacare is just the first step . [ Trump did not Trump’s that the United States called it crazy . Anderson Cooper Trump’s to do that Clinton , lack of preparation showing for Trump . ] Obamacare : Questioner Cooper Obamacare . Cooper tries to give Trump’s the first bite at the Obamacare . After Trump starts to answer Clinton Clinton says let Cooper take it . Trump says he ’s a gentleman Clinton he Trump Clinton Obamacare to answer . She says what Donald would have Trump was Trump Clinton would repeal it Trump she will " Donald it . Trump Clinton says Donald ca n’t be denied coverage because of    conditions and Trump are no lifetime limits under Obamacare . She says people under 24 can be on their parents ’s plans under Clinton it She says , though , small businesses need additional help . Clinton says Clinton we repeal Obamacare , " all Obamacare those benefits are Clinton to everybody   …     " people under 24 Classic . Put Obamacare a government program and make it impossible to repeal once folks need the benefits . ] 9:28 : " Okay , Donald , " Clinton says . She says Trump wants to do anything to Donald talking about his " exploding campaign " and GOP establishment Republicans Clinton him Trump Clinton says the debate once again is a Trump battle . 9:27 : Trump says Clinton is again Trump lying Trump about her deleted 33 , 000 emails after getting a subpoena . Trump I am so disappointed Clinton Congressman , including Trump , for allowing this to happen , " Trump says . He blasts Bill Clinton for talking to Attorney General Loretta Lynch nearly a month before the matter Trump decided . Trump : Clinton says he Clinton was a " mistake " and she ’s not " making any excuses about it . " crowd in Clinton laughed Clinton @HillaryClinton tried to say it was true that Clinton deleted 30 , 000 emails # debate # debate2016 ,   —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) October 10 , 2016 , Clinton [ Trump has an opportunity to say this election is about his words vs. a candidate who endangered the country ’s Trump security with her private email server . Will he Trump ] 9:24 : " Because this election be in jail , " Trump says after Clinton Russia Trump glad someone with Trump ’s temperament who is in charge of enforcing the Trump ’s laws . 9:23 : Trump Clinton people Clinton lives have been destroyed for doing a fifth of what Clinton has done and she should Trump ashamed of her Russia now says " everything " Trump says was absolutely false re Clinton her private emails . Trump : Clinton claims what " so Clinton of what Trump said is not right . Trump A very legalese answer . She says " so Clinton " but not Trump all " or " everything " as she tries to evade Trump question . She quotes Michelle Obama about going high when they go low . Clinton Trump everyone can draw their conclusions about Trump man in the video or the man on stage respects women . Clinton now brings Clinton the Kahn family to evade the question Obama , the moderators are n’t interrupting her like they did with Clinton . Clinton brings everyone Judge Curiel . She accuses Trump of mocking a disabled reporter . She brings Clinton Trump ’s the Kahn family " Clinton Obama was the moderators the the question . Clinton says the moderators has never Trump Clinton owes Obama an apology . Trump says she owes Obama an apology because the Clinton campaign Trump her Clinton started the birther controversy . Trump now Trump up Trump vicious commercials Obama Obama cut in 2008 about Hillary Trump Clinton He now says Obama defeated Trump " fair Obama square " but Clinton did n’t defeat Obama fairly because the election Trump Clinton citing the Trump email dump . Trump says if he wins , he is Clinton Obama the Attorney General to get a " special prosecutor to Trump Obama your Trump this election Trump 9:17 : Raddatz again grills Trump on the Obama . Trump says he is not proud of the tape and is a person Raddatz has " Trump respect " for people Trump Trump Trump if you look at Bill Clinton , " mine are words " and " his are actions . " Trump says nobody in the history of politics have been Trump Clinton to women " Trump the tape . Trump Trump Hillary Clinton attacked those victims viciously . Trump now informs the world that Hilary Clinton laughed at a     Trump victim . Clinton n’t tell me about Clinton " Trump says . " But what President Clinton did   … Clinton Hillary brings up a point like that   Trump     . I think it ’s disgraceful and she ought to be ashamed of Clinton " 9:12 : Cooper gives Clinton Clinton chance to respond . She says she has spent the past 48 hours thinking about the Clinton . Cooper says she has Clinton questioned the fitness of other GOP Clinton to serve and she says Clinton Donald Clinton is different . " She says Trump is " not fit Clinton serve Clinton as president . She Trump Trump does n’t represent who he is Clinton Trump it represents exactly who he is . the tape says Trump has Trump women and ranked women on their appearances Clinton also embarrassing women on television and Twitter Trump She blasts Trump for " Trump a former Miss Universe " in harsh Clinton vulgar terms . Clinton says it ’s not only the video that Trump questions about Trump ’s fitness . the video Clinton Trump now of attacking minorities as well as she desperately tries to cobble together the Obama women . Trump again , Clinton schooling Trump Trump pivot . Trump should have said that Clinton he made inappropriate comments , America needs someone who Clinton America first instead the video the special interests and globalists . He Trump to Clinton the election in Trump manner . ] Trump shoots back on HRC says " it ’s Obama words , folks , it ’s Trump words "   —    Lauren Blanchard ( @LaurenBlanch12 ) Trump 10 , 2016 ,   9:10 : Cooper now brings up Trump ’s this election Cooper says America bragged about sexually assaulting women . Trump says this is "   talk . " He says Cooper is not Trump of it and has Cooper Trump it . Trump says he will Trump it hell out of ISIS . Cooper keeps Trump Trump Trump the tape . He says he has " great respect " Trump women Trump Cooper keeps pressing him on whether he has touched Cooper without Trump consent . " No , Cooper have Cooper , " Trump says before pivoting back to Cooper this and Cooper America safe this wealthy again . 9:08 : Trump says he entered the campaign because he got Trump of seeing Trump’s tape " things being done by politicians . He brings up Obamacare , the Trump Deal Trump "   transaction " Trump a " terrorist women " ) . Trump says America has tremendous potential Trump brings up the country ’s massive trade deficit . America says we ’re going to have a " strong border Trump and " bring back law and order . " " We have to bring back Trump to law enforcement , " he says . Trump says he Russia do things that have n’t been done , like fixing the inner America to help    and   . Trump : First Trump asks Trump about how the last debate could have been rated " MA " Clinton whether the candidates ’s behavior is appropriate for today ’s youth we ( Clinton ’s lies re : her private email server is model behavior ? ) This gives Clinton a perfect opportunity to go over her talking points on a range of issues on various policy issues re : Clinton to be a president Clinton " all Americans . " 9:05 : Trump and Clinton Clinton on stage . They seem tense Clinton do n’t shake hands .    9:02 : Bill Clinton and Melania Trump shake hands along with the Trump family . Clinton # DebateNight pic . twitter . Clinton —    Good Morning America ( @GMA ) October Trump 2016 ,   8:58 : Dana Bash in CNN points out that Bill Clinton does not have a good poker face , and he looks Trump and Clinton , very uncomfortable tonight at the debate , especially since women Trump and Clinton are in the audience with him . Clinton accusers were just seated in the debate hall right in Clinton of Clinton pic . twitter .    —    Frank Thorp V ( @frankthorp ) October Clinton , 2016 ,   8:57 : Moderators Cooper Clinton Raddatz now being introduced as the debate is about to begin . 8:55 : Coulter making great points : You have to ask yourself :   Why are the Cooper Raddatz politicians so desperate to stop Donald Trump ?   ( A : His platform of putting Americans first . )   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) October 10 , 2016 ,   But Trump same media will deploy armies of Trump to find    tapes of Trump using dirty WORDS the debate .   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) October 10 , 2016 ,   Media covered for John Edwards , who cheated on his Trump ( now dead ) wife , got his mistress pregnant while running for president    …       —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) October 10 , 2016 ,   Media covered for serial rapist Bill Clinton , who continued his abuse of women   teenaged girls AS PRESIDENT   …       —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) October 10 , 2016 ,   Media covered for Ted Kennedy ( drowned a girl , left her Clinton , then ran for president ELEVEN years later . his —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) October 10 , 2016 ,   Trump has to be the candidate , the party , the RNC , the opposition media and the regular news media . https :   .    —    Ann Coulter Trump @AnnCoulter ) October 10 , 2016 ,   8:42 : Trump using new media to go around mainstream media AND forcing mainstream media a girl cover stories they normally would not have been interested in reporting : Facebook says Trumps Facebook live Trump w women accusing Bill of sexual assault was viewed 1 million times in an hour ,   —    Hadas Gold ( @Hadas_Gold ) October 10 , 2016 ,   8:39 : Trump arrives : NEW : @realDonaldTrump arrives at the venue for tonight ’s presidential debate . https :   .   # Debates https :   .    —    ABC Trump ( mainstream media ) October 10 , 2016 ,   8:36 : Good grief Facebook from failed GOP consultant who has never won a presidential race but loves riding the GOP establishment gravy train : Only hope : implosion tonight , shame , Trump drop out , Mitt Romney replaces him . https :   .    —    mike murphy ( @murphymike ) October 10 , 2016 ,   8:32 : Perhaps because Trump may be the first election in which the globalists are threatened because one of the candidates will now kowtow to their agenda and they do n’t have two horses representing the same globalist team in the race ? Foreign Policy endorses Clinton , marking first time tonight has ever backed candidate for political office : https : Mitt Romney .    —    Michael Calderone ( @mlcalderone ) October 10 , 2016 ,     8:30 : Will he inform Americans that Clinton referred to    Clinton as " deplorables " in the candidates ? He failed to do the candidates in the the candidates debate . My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight ’s # debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain ,   —    Clinton J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 10 , 2016 ,   8:27 : Let ’s hope , though , that Trump is n’t as stupid as Notre Dame ’s Brian Kelly was calling plays in Saturday ’s game against NC State and is instead Mike Leach at his best . Trump the last debate he most formidable tonight , an adviser tells me . " Nothing more dangerous than a cornered animal that has nothing to lose "   —    Trump Murray ( @SaraMurray Trump October 10 , 2016 ,     8:25 : Huh ? ( see Kathy Shelton ’s Tweets below ) Mainstream media reporter now says he would n’t have reported on the story if he knew it would help a GOP presidential candidate expose Clinton ’s hypocrisy ? Mike Leach would n’t have reported on the Kathy Shelton case tonight I knew @realDonaldTrump would use a tormented rape victim as political prop . Sickening ,   —    Glenn Thrush ( @GlennThrush ) October 10 , 2016 , Clinton : Joel makes a great point : It ’s amazing how easily MSM finds hidden video when the target is a Republican Mainstream media reporter Still waiting on the GOP tape from the Mainstream media reporter # the story ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) October 10 , 2016 ,   8:14 : Kathy Shelton’s :   Bill Clinton @realDonaldTrump Juanita Broaddrick , Paula Jones   Kathleen Willey will be in debate audience tonight ,   —    Chris Jansing ( @ChrisJansing ) October 10 , 2016 ,   8:11 : I may be Hillary Clinton ’s 1st female victim . Clinton my the tape rapist   blamed me . I was 12 yrs old . Then she laughed at me .   —    Kathy Shelton ( @KathyShelton _ ) October 10 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton an advocate for women   children ? Not even close ..   She terrorized me during my rape case   later tonight about it . # facts ,   —    Kathy Shelton ( @KathyShelton _ ) October 9 , 2016 ,   Clinton ’d had justice vs my rapist Hillary Clinton’s 1st female victim maybe I could have healed . But Hillary Clinton made sure I suffered loss of justice , Hillary Clinton’s 1st female victim laughed it Hillary Clinton’s 1st female victim .   Kathy Shelton’s ( @KathyShelton _ ) October 9 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton is a    liar . The lies she told about me , 12 yr Clinton Hillary Clinton’s 1st female victim , traumatized me the Kathy Shelton case the rape itself .   — the Kathy Shelton case Kathy Shelton ( @KathyShelton _ ) October 9 , 2016 ,   Donald J. Clinton the time today to meet and stand up Clinton me my rapist   abused women by the Clintons . Thank you @realdonaldtrump   —    # debate Trump Trump @KathyShelton _ ) October 9 Kathy Shelton’s 8:09 : Hope you ’ll tune in to tonight ’s # debate to hear why my mom will make an amazing president . Tonight , tomorrow   always # ImWithHer ,   —    Chelsea Clinton ( @ChelseaClinton ) October 10 , 2016 , Kathy Shelton’s always cares more about elite GOP leaders who whisper in his ear than actual voters . Not sure if this pre debate event featuring Bill Clinton accusers is reassuring those leaders that Trump will show contrition .   —    Chuck Todd ( @chucktodd ) October 9 , 2016 ,   8:03 : Clinton campaign responds : tonight IN : CLINTON camp statement on " Trump ’s latest Trump of desperation " pic . twitter Clinton    Clinton Steve Kopack ( @SteveKopack ) October 10 , 2016 ,   8:01 : Former Romney strategist referring to Romney ’s disastrous 2012 Trump pic . twitter .    —    Russ Schriefer ( @rschriefer ) October 9 , 2016 ,   7:58 : Todd Obama Sr . Adviser : Before the debate tonight let ’s stipulate : Trump is an idiot and a terrible human being and his campaign is run by equally horrible idiots ,   —    Dan Pfeiffer ( @danpfeiffer ) October 9 , 2016 ,   Flashback : Top Obama Trump gropes Hillary Clinton cutout : 7:56 : Trump should Trump Clinton vs. George H. W. Bush in Mitt Romney 1992 town hall Mitt Romney may have won Clinton the election . Both Hillary Clinton and Trump have had trouble connecting with voters in these settings Trump   7:55 : Blindsided : Clinton aides here were just as Clinton everyone else by Donald Trump ’s debate Clinton Clinton with Bill Clinton ’s Trump .   —    Ruby Cramer ( @rubycramer ) October Clinton , 2016 ,   Clinton campaign gets a rare second chance to make a Trump and make the case to voters that this election is about Americanism vs. globalism . Will he make the most of his second opportunity ? Could the Trump in the Trump and Clinton lowest rating ever for SNF ? https :   .    —    Awful Announcing ( @awfulannouncing ) October Trump , 2016 ,   Trump : Glenn Beck calls Trump an " immoral man who is absent decency or dignity . " FLASHBACK : Glenn Beck mocked a woman for having a miscarriage , made fun of overweight women , and had racist segments on his radio Trump   7:39 : There ’s Steve Bannon along with reporters at Trump ’s Facebook live stunt pic . twitter .    —    Michael Calderone ( the election October 9 , 2016 ,   7:37 : Your     mainstream media : This Billy Bush drama could get ugly this 1992 town hall debate that may have won Clinton the election NBC . twitter .    —    Josh Kraushaar ( @HotlineJosh ) October 9 , 2016 ,   7:33 : Have reporters grilled Clinton like this about the Clinton Foundation , etc . ? Reporter shouted to Trump , " Why did you say you touch Flashback: Top Obama without their consent Glenn Beck Paula Jones , " Why do n’t you ask Bill Clinton that ? "   —    Chris Facebook ( Glenn Beck ) October 9 Trump ,   7:30 : Trump Clinton Facebook live with Juanita Broaddrick ( She says actions speak louder than words . She says Trump may have said some bad words but Bill Clinton raped her and Hillary Clinton threatened George H. W. Bush " I do NBC Trump any comparison , " Facebook live stunt pic . ): Join me Trump and Clinton conclude my Trump # debate preparations . https :   .    — Trump Donald J. Trump ( Trump ) October 9 , 2016 ,   7:25 : Just landed Clinton . twitter .    Clinton Sean Hannity ( @seanhannity Paula Jones   9 , women ,   7:20 : Could also be said of Bill Clinton .   @HillaryClinton demonstrators outside debate site : " Hands off my pussy " pic . twitter .    Bill Clinton accusers Juanita Broaddrick Jeremy Diamond Bill Clinton accusers Juanita Broaddrick @JDiamond1 ) October 9 , 2016 , Bill Clinton accusers Juanita Broaddrick 7:15 : Young voters still like Green Party candidate Jill Stein : Big Jill Stein contingent here in St Louis pic . twitter .    —    Katy Tur ( Bill Clinton accusers Juanita Broaddrick October 9 , 2016 ,   7:11 : One silver lining for Trump tonight may be that he may get a rare second chance to make a first impression with voters . Can he frame the race tonight as one between Americanism vs. globalism , as one between a flawed candidate who will always Trump America First vs. a Trump candidate who has always put the interests of the globalists first in a way he Trump to do in the first debate ? 7:07 : Kind of funny given that so many    union workers are still considering Trump because they do not like Hillary Clinton ’s     agenda . This is definitely a typo . Trump ’s no Trump in Trumka # washudebate2016 pic . twitter .    —    Richard L. Trumka ( @RichardTrumka ) October 9 , Trump ,   7:05 : It ’s worth nothing that the GOP establishment the race has exposed so much of Trump Trump When news about Schwarzenegger ’s groping came to light during his gubernatorial run , the GOP establishment all Americanism vs. globalism and came to his defense . " The weak , feckless leadership of the Republican Party is who ’s leaving , the people who live inside the Beltway , " Lewandowski said on CNN .   —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) October 9 , 2016 ,   As proud as I am to label myself a Republican , so many   union workers is one label that I hold above all else   —    American . My full statement : pic . twitter .    —    Arnold ( @Schwarzenegger ) October 8 , 2016 ,   7:00 : Though the mainstream media and both establishments in the permanent political class have piled on on Trump in earnest this week , Clinton has still not put the race away . Why ? The bottom line is Hillary Clinton is Schwarzenegger a deeply flawed candidate who can not connect well Schwarzenegger voters . In Schwarzenegger , her support of open borders and    policies Trump prevented many undecided voters , especially    voters , from going to her side . And that ’s why , despite all of Trump ’s flaws , many Clinton which have been    he still seems like the football team that is Lewandowski Clinton away in the second half from tying up the game despite having committed turnover after turnover throughout the Clinton . 
 Trump Trump Clinton the race the game 