’   ’ ’    A former US solicitor general said this week that what will be    key to whether President Donald Trump is victorious defending President Donald Trump    immigration moratorium in the court system is whether the    executive order is interpreted solely based on the text of the    document . ’ ’    Charles Fried , who served as solicitor general under President    Ronald Reagan and is now a Harvard law professor , told Business    Insider that things may not bode well for Trump if the court    decides to consider statements he made along the campaign trail    about banning Muslims from entering the country . ’ ’    " What shadows any such effort is the question whether these    executive orders have to be interpreted within the four corners    ( purely on the text of the documents ) . .. or whether various    statements   —    including statements by candidates , including    statements by advisers , including 3 a. m. tweets   —    whether those    bare on the constitutionality in the sense that they are    considered competent evidence of the intent of the order , " Fried    said . ’ ’    If the executive order is viewed " within the four corners , " " Fried    said he " Fried    it the executive order is really pretty secure . " ’ ’    " If you let in all this other stuff , who knows , " he " Fried    . ’ ’’ ’    In late December of 2015 , Trump announced that he Trump seek an    indefinite ban on Muslims entering the US if he Trump the election .    From then on , Trump Trump a number of statements related to the    barring of Muslims from entering the country , at times backing       from the severity of his Trump remark . ’ ’    Following the implementation of his Trump ban last month , Trump Trump Christians would be given preferential treatment .    Additionally , one of his top Trump and advisers , former New    York mayor Rudy Giuliani , told Fox News that Trump was Trump    for a way to do such a Muslim ban " legally , " and enlisted    Giuliani to help figure out exactly how to do so . Giuliani later Giuliani walked back the comment . ’ ’    At the heart of the matter is the fact that presidents have the    authority to suspend entry to groups of individuals deemed to be    detrimental to the United States , while , as the 9th Circuit Court    wrote in its Thursday    , the First Amendment prohibits any    " law respecting an establishment of religion " and the Equal    Protection Clause " prohibits the government from impermissibly    discriminating among persons based on religion . " ’ "    The states arguing against Trump ’s executive order , Washington    and Minnesota , used Trump ’s Trump’s to make the case that    it was discriminatory based upon religion . But the 9th Circuit    Court , in its ruling , the 9th Circuit   Court not make a determination on whether the    executive order was discriminatory . " ’    Fried said " there are great dangers " about bringing Trump’ ’s and    his advisers ’’ Trump’ statements into consideration . ’ ’    " Because candidates say all kinds of things , and this president    says all kinds of things , " the Harvard law professor explained .    " Some of which , he contradicts himself the Harvard law professor within the Harvard law professor next 10    minutes . So a court might be tempted in that context to say ,    ’’ we’’re not going to look at any of this stuff , it’ ’s just the text    of the order [ that will be reviewed ] . ’’ " ’ ’    Although he said he the Harvard law professor wouldn’’t the Harvard law professor that far " and say the order was the order based alone on the text of the order , Fried the order say the the " four corners " interpretation would boost the Trump    administration’ ’s chances of success . ’ ’    " I would say that it has a very much better chance , " he said . the Harvard law professor ’    Reince Priebus , White House chief of staff , said Friday that the    administration would be " fighting out this case on the merits . "    Trump has vowed to take the case to the Supreme this case ’ ’    The White House is additionally White House    and replacing the executive order with one that is altered    slightly and not under a temporary restraining order . ’ ’A former US solicitor general said this week . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 