Tokyo ( CNN ) North Korea on Sunday threatened to sink an American aircraft carrier that is beginning joint drills with two Japanese destroyers in the western Pacific Ocean .   The USS Carl Vinson will be joined by the Ashigara and Samidare destroyers in " tactical training " drills near the Philippines , the Japan Maritime Self Defense Force said .   North Korea    newspaper Rodong Sinmun said in an editorial the country is ready to illustrate its " the country force " by sinking a "   aircraft carrier with a single strike . " The state newspaper claimed to have weaponry which " can reach continental US and Asia Pacific region " and the " absolute weapon , " hydrogen bomb . CNN can not independently verify the claims . In the face of recent    from North Korea , US President Donald Trump had said the Vinson carrier group was being deployed to waters off the Korean Peninsula , The location of the Vinson Vinson headlines after Trump ’s US President Donald Trump on April 12 .   Trump said he US President Donald Trump sending US President Donald Trump an armada " to Korean waters potentially to deal with threats from North Korea . The statement came after Pyongyang said it had successfully launched Pyongyang new ballistic missile . " We are sending an armada . Very powerful , " Trump told Fox US President Donald Trump Network ’s Maria Bartiromo . " We have submarines . We powerful . Far more powerful than the aircraft carrier . That I can tell you . " But it turned out the carrier group was the Carl Vinson Strike Group toward the peninsula , but rather heading to joint exercises with the Australian navy . The US Pacific Command said Tuesday that training with the Australian navy had been completed the Australian navy " the Carl Vinson Strike Group is heading north to the Western Pacific as a prudent measure . "   US defense officials told CNN the Vinson and its carrier group would arrive off the Korean Vinson by the end of April .   Sunday ’s threats are consistent with others North Korea has made in past weeks . North Korea has said it will respond in North Korea any US attack North Korea the country . And it has claimed it would North Korea US mainland and North Korea carriers and North Korea in the region , specifically US bases in South Korea and Japan . 
 North Korea 