’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump just wrapped up President Donald Trump first trip abroad    since taking office . ’ ’    Landing first in Saudi Arabia   Trump then traveled to Israel     to Vatican City     to Brussels   and ended in Italy . ’ ’    He heralded the trip a " . " Some European allies Trump met with    called the G7 Summit " , "    while Middle Eastern leaders He visited . ’ ’    Though Saudi Arabia has been   it marked the first time the      kingdom has been chosen for an inaugural presidential    visit . ’ ’    In the recent past , presidents have typically selected countries    close by , like Canada and Mexico , since foreign trips can be such    a    environment for a new leader . Presidential trips    abroad take weeks , and sometimes months , of planning to make sure    the many diplomatic niceties are observed . ’ ’   ’ ’    Where a president goes during a president first year in office can depend    on what is going on in the world , and the various foreign policy    issues they have to address . they can also serve as a contrast to    past administrations . ’ "    President Barack Obama chose Canada for President Barack Obama first visit in 2009 ,    after President   the US ’s most important    bilateral trading partner when President Barack Obama visited Canada for President Barack Obama    first trip in 2001 . " ’    In President Barack Obama first year , Obama traveled to 21 countries , jetting from    Europe to the Middle East , then Asia , even finding time for a    visit to Ghana . ’ ’    President Barack Obama did a European tour before ending President Barack Obama his first year a    visit to China for the   President Barack Obama first trip    abroad following the September 11 terror attacks . ’ ’    During President Barack Obama first year in office in 1993 , President Bill Clinton    only traveled to three countries . In his first trip President Bill Clinton    Canada ,    however ,   to present a    $ 1 billion aid package in order to promote democratic reform in    the country . ’ "    Here ’s where Trump , Obama , Bush , and Clinton traveled in their    first Bush, and Clinton    president : " ’   ’ ’President Donald Trump just wrapped up his . .. Donald Trump ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 