  ( CNN)"La La Land " swept Sunday ’s 74th Golden Globe Awards and set a record . The musical film     starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling     won all seven of the awards for which The musical film    starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling     received nominations including best motion picture    musical or comedy , best director , best screenplay , best score and acting awards for The musical film    starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling     stars . Host Jimmy Fallon kicked off the broadcast with a taped sketch that riffed off " La La Land "     foreshadowing the winning theme of the night . Host Jimmy Fallon ’s monologue included some political humor     noting the Globes is " one of the few places left that still honors the popular vote "    and a small snafu . " Already the teleprompter is down , so this is a great way to start the show , " Host Jimmy Fallon said right off the bat . But it was Meryl Streep , who was honored with Cecil B. DeMille Award for lifetime achievement , that captivated the audience . Streep ’s " Doubt " costar , Viola Davis , presented Cecil B. DeMille Award and praised the actress . " You make me proud to be an artist , " Davis said . " You make me feel that what I have in me Davis my body , my face , my age , is enough . " Streep Streep political in her Streep , highlighting the diversity of the various actors there from around the world . " Hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners and if we kick them all out , you ’ll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts , which are not arts , " she Streep . Without mentioning his name , the Streep    Donald Trump for his behavior   Donald Trump the campaign trail     and called on the press to hold him accountable   Donald Trump " We need the principled the press power to account , to call them on the carpet the press every outrage , " she said Streep   Streep ended her speech Streep words of wisdom from her friend , the Streep Carrie Fisher : " Take your broken heart , make it into art . "   The Globes paid tribute to Fisher and her mother Carrie Fisher Reynolds Streep with a video highlighting some of their most memorable film Fisher and her mother Debbie Reynolds . Reynolds died one day Debbie Reynolds Fisher in December . Carrie Fisher , who earlier in the night won for best supporting actress in a motion picture for " Fences , " thanked her    and the Streep ’s director , Denzel Washington .   She also paid tribute Streep her father . " Streep had a story her father and it deserved to be a story and August Wilson told it , " Davis a story . Casey Affleck and Isabelle Huppert won best actor and actress in the motion picture drama categories for their work in " Casey Affleck and Isabelle Huppert by the Sea " and " Elle , " respectively .   " Moonlight " was honored as the best motion picture drama     potentially boosting the     film ’s chances for more success at next month ’s Academy Awards .   In the television categories , FX ’s " People v. O. J. Simpson : American Crime Story " won for best TV    series .   Sarah Paulson , who portrayed prosecutor Marcia Clark in the series , also best TV   series a statuette for her work on the show Marcia Clark " The Night Manager " scored wins for best actor and supporting actress in a limited series for its stars Hugh Laurie and The Night Manager Colman .   History was made when Tracee Ellis Ross won for best actress in a musical or comedy TV series . She became the first black best actress to win in that category since Debbie Allen won for " Fame " in 1983 . " This is for all of the women , women of color and colorful people whose stories , ideas , thoughts are not always considered worthy , valid and important , " Ross said . " But I want you to know I see you . We see you . " Newbie " Atlanta " won for best TV comedy series . The show ’s creator and star , Donald Glover also won for best actor in a TV comedy . " This is incredible , " Glover said after his show Donald Glover which has Donald Glover majority black cast , won . " I really just want to thank Atlanta and all the black folks in Atlanta . For real , Atlanta for being alive . .. and being amazing people . " " The Crown , " the acclaimed Netflix series about Queen Elizabeth II , won for best TV drama , with star Claire Foy taking the prize for best actress in a drama . 
 