Kayne West ’s Saint Pablo Tour concert in San Jose quickly turned chaotic Thursday night after the rapper delivered a nearly    political speech in which the rapper said the rapper would have voted for Donald Trump in the U. S. presidential election . [ " I told y’ all I did n’t vote , right ? But if I were to vote , I would have voted on Donald Trump in the U. S. presidential election , " the rapper told the crowd , which responded with a chorus of boos .   " I would have voted for Trump Donald Trump in the U. S. presidential election "   —    Kanye West pic . twitter .    —    billy ( @billycrossover ) November 18 , 2016 ,   West then praised Trump Donald Trump in the U. S. presidential election    correct stance and said that he Donald Trump in the U. S. presidential election vindicated after having been persecuted for supporting the   .   West continued the show , ordering his Donald Trump in the U. S. presidential election to play his Donald Trump in the U. S. presidential election hit " Heartless . " The crowd loudly sang the song ’s lyrics , but were interrupted by yet another rant from the    rapper . " I just said that I would have voted for Donald Trump and then I did a song and y’ all sang it at the top of your lungs , " West West the The crowd " That does n’t mean that you ’re a Trump supporter Donald Trump That just means you ok with a celebrity having their own opinion . Or that someone else is ok to have their own their . That might not be your opinion but you can still like that person or still like that person ’s music . " Later in the show , West sparked another round of boos when he rebuked black people for focusing on racism . " Specifically to black people , stop focusing on racism . This world is racist , ok ? Let ’s stop being distracted to focus on that as much , " the    said . West noted West neither Hillary Clinton nor Trump winning the election would ’ve ended racism in America . " It ’s just a fucking fact . We are in a racist country . Period , " he said . " Not one or the other candidate was going to instantly be able to change that . " Kanye West tonight speaking on racism in America . America Specifically to black people , stop talking about race so much . " pic . twitter .    —    Brandon E. Patterson ( @myblackmindd ) November 18 , 2016 ,   West continued to rant , as noted by one concertgoer who    the monologue . He also bashed the audience for being    and allowing the " more liberal " media and the internet to convince them that the "more liberal" media and the internet would win . Another show stopped . Kanye is asking who voted for Hillary , mixed cheers and boos . Kanye is Kanye out Trump supporters .   —    Raptor ( @RaptorJesuss ) November 18 , 2016 ,   " People who voted for either side come out to the show Another show know media is more liberal , what I ’m saying is I ’m not judging ’m voters " Trump —    Raptor ( @RaptorJesuss ) November 18 , 2016 ,   " There are Hillary supporters that Hillary be louder , but MY fact is that there are people who who voted for Trump here at Trump show " Another show    Raptor ( @RaptorJesuss ) November 18 , 2016 ,   " The dumbest thing about politics is that politics separate , not one side or the other side is bad , it ’s not Democratic the other side Republican "   —    Raptor ( @RaptorJesuss ) November 18 , 2016 ,   " Echoing is what made people think Hillary was going to win , you thought because what the Internet was telling you , that she was gon na Hillary "   —    Raptor ( @RaptorJesuss ) November 18 , 2016 ,   " Rappers are philosophers of our now , celebrities are the influencers of our now , just our at the president , he was n’t in the president   won "   —    Raptor ( @RaptorJesuss ) November 18 , 2016 ,   Before continuing his politically charged rant the president West hinted at his plan to run the president president in 2020 . When Kanye announces he ’s running in the president pic . twitter .    —    Mikaela ( @WhiteMikaela ) November 18 , 2016 ,   Someone in the crowd apparently threw something at West , while he West beginning yet Someone in the crowd    rant . Kanye West just stopped West again to tell us that Kanye liked Trumps campaign . Kanye threw something at Kanye but he is n’t Kanye . Someone —    Raptor ( @RaptorJesuss ) November 18 , 2016 ,   Moments later , another flying object apparently hit the rapper . Someone threw something at Kanye that hit him , Kanye ’s now Someone to Someone the show . " Am I not allowed to have an opinion ? "   —    Raptor ( @RaptorJesuss ) November 18 , 2016 ,   West has gone radio silent since Thursday night ’s controversial concert . His next show is Saturday the show , California .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 