  ( CNN ) The 2016 election was not rigged by Moscow . Rex Tillerson , tipped to be the next secretary of state , is not a KGB agent .   Donald Trump is , however , trying to reset US policy toward Russia to begin a constructive dialogue . For this , Donald Trump ought to be applauded . Instead , Donald Trump is almost accused of treachery . The situation is surreal . Let ’s analyze those two allegations separately . First , the CIA reportedly believes that Russia likes Donald Trump , hacked the Democrats during the election , and leaked information via WikiLeaks to assist the Democrats preferred candidate . If the CIA the CIA claims are true , and doubts exist , then this is very bad news and must be investigated .   Donald Trump is wrong to criticize the the CIA the CIA all the facts at Donald Trump disposal . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is right to lend his support Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell a congressional hearing into Russian activities . Conservative David Frum , a senior editor at The Atlantic and the chairman of Policy Exchange , lays out five critical questions that the public needs answers to : who did they hack Conservative David Frum, a senior editor at The Atlantic and the chairman of Policy Exchange when did it happen , was it coordinated it are there financial ties involved and are the Russians doing this elsewhere , too ? But let ’s keep the Trump hack story in perspective . Messing about in other people ’s elections is     however awful     not unheard of . Trump supporters Trump sharing a Los Angeles Times article from 1996 in which American political strategists boast about their role American political strategists helping    President Yeltsin in the recent Russian presidential election , and foreign governments have had a hand in various aspects of the US electoral process for decades .    The question that Frum omits from his list Frum " did the Russians change the outcome of the 2016 election ? " The answer is almost certainty " nyet . " After all , WikiLeaks had a very small role in the campaign the Trump people complained that its revelations WikiLeaks overshadowed by the infamous " grabbing women " tape . The FBI ’s investigation of Clinton ’s emails certainly had a much , much bigger impact than anything done by the KGB . Who were they working for ? The North Koreans ? If I sound cynical then it ’s I sound cynical then I am . The core of senators demanding an investigation of Russian involvement     Chuck Schumer , Jack Reed , John McCain and Lindsey Graham     are two Democrats who have votes to win on this issue and two Republicans who are prominent neoconservatives .   McCain and John McCain opposed Trump throughout the primaries in part because he threatens John McCain hawkish consensus that has dominated Washington for a very long time . A consensus that sees Russia as a perpetual and imminent threat to Western security . Trump ’s Trump see things differently . Peter Beinart of The Atlantic suggests they are informed by a view of history at odds with the Russophobic neocons . For Trumpites , the Cold War was a struggle with an atheist , socialist superpower that had to be won . Once it was over and Russia reverted to its Christian Russia , Moscow evolved from an enemy to a cultural ally in the far more relevant conflict with radical Islam . Many Trumpites , Trumpites is true , see Vladimir Putin as a champion for traditionalist values . They ask why America pretends to loathe him when Vladimir Putin ’s Vladimir Putin on the same side in Syria . The answer , of course , is that he ’s Vladimir Putin . Putin is Vladimir Putin with President Bashar       not for democracy but to sustain a bloodthirsty dictator who serves Moscow ’s strategic interests . Russophiles are just as myopically enthusiastic about Putin as Vladimir Putin neoconservatives sometimes seem suicidally    on war . Between these two positions is a rational third way . There ’s evidence that Trump inhabits it . Trump Rex Tillerson , the subject of the second allegation I noted at the beginning of this article     that Trump is Trump about appointing a Moscow patsy as secretary of state . This is nonsense . Yes , Tillerson knows Putin and has done business with him . Putin these not strong qualifications for dealing with Russia ? He has Putin Russia ’s Russia of Friendship , true . But so have a former archbishop of Canterbury and the former Prime Minister of Canada . If those two are KGB assets then the world really is in trouble . Finally , Tillerson has opposed sanctions on Russia . Russia that makes sense given that he is the CEO of ExxonMobil , which was hurt by sanctions imposed after the partitioning of Ukraine . He is he statesman of business     that ’s what stands out about his appointment he Trump is compiling a Cabinet of    of largely aging , white , male business leaders who see the world in terms of the bottom line rather than grand theories of international relations .   They are not , I suspect , motivated by Slavophilia or a passion for Russian orthodoxy . Rather , they see They for what he really Putin : a strong man in a weak position . Russia ’s economy and army are antiquated and not particularly strong     and the country Russia by a ring of NATO countries committed to mutual defense . All Putin Putin Putin his advantage is Putin lot of hackers and an arsenal of nuclear weapons . The latter is why we still have to be very , very careful when dealing with him . Why Putin talk to Putin ? Why Putin acknowledge that America can not run the world and that other nations have legitimate strategic interests ? What ’s fascinating about Trump is that while he might regard America Trump an exceptional America , he ’s honest about Trump failings and refuses America pretend it has a right America global domination .   He is assembling a Trump that does contain some hawks , such as , potentially , John Bolton , and that has tough talk for countries like Iran . But it ’s also a America of realists .   Somewhere between Obama ’s retreat from the Middle East and George W. Bush ’s invasion of it is an approach based on cautious national   . I sincerely hope Trump adopts it . 
 it 