Billy Bush , a host on the " Today " show who has received stinging criticism for his role in a video with Donald J. Trump , has been suspended by NBC . The NBC executive in charge of " Today , " Noah Oppenheim , wrote in a memo to his staff members on Sunday that " we ’ve all been deeply troubled by the revelations of the past 48 hours . " " Let me be clear   —    there is simply no excuse for Billy ’s language and behavior on that tape , " his said . " NBC has decided to suspend Billy , pending further review of this matter . " It is unclear how long the suspension will last . his was at the center of an explosive 2005 video that was released on Friday , in which he his heard laughing and goading Mr. Trump as they engaged in a vulgar and misogynistic conversation about women . The news of the suspension is a reversal for NBC News , whose executives maintained throughout the weekend that it whose executives no plans to discipline Mr. Bush and that he Mr. Bush expected to address the controversy on Monday ’s program . But in the two days since the video ’s release , there has been a strong social media backlash , including hundreds of angry comments on his Mr. Bush page , many of them Facebook women . Mr. Mr. Bush a statement on Friday saying that he was Mr. Bush embarrassed and ashamed " of his role Mr. Bush the recording . But he added Mr. Bush " This happened 11 years ago   —    I was younger , less mature and acted foolishly in playing along . " " Today " is gripped in a ratings battle with ABC ’s " Good Morning America , " and both shows rely on women as a significant part of their viewership women At the time the video was shot , Mr. Bush Mr. Bush host of NBC ’s " Access Hollywood " and talking with Mr. Trump , then the star of " The Apprentice , " as he was about Mr. Bush leave a bus to visit a soap opera set . In the video , the video laughs Mr. Bush Trump ’s most outrageous Mr. Trump and the two vividly discuss the physique of a " Days of Our Lives Ms. Zucker " Mr. Bush said at Mr. Bush ) . In a statement on Sunday , Ms. Zucker said : " How we treat one another , whether behind closed doors , locker rooms or face to face , should be done with kindness , dignity and respect . Unfortunately , there are too many people in power who abuse their position and disregard these simple principles and are rewarded for it . " 
 these simple principles 