Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign manager said Sunday Donald Trump’s campaign manager will soon be courting black voters more directly , scheduling events in front of predominantly    audiences .   " Those events are actually being planned , and we ’re very excited about Those events , " Kellyanne Conway told " Fox News Sunday , "    acknowledging that Donald Trump’s so far has n’t yet held a rally in front of a largely black audience .   Such a move could help blunt criticism from figures like the head of the Democratic National Committee , who blasted Donald Trump’s Sunday Sunday failing to reach out directly to black voters .   " Donald Donald Trump’s not held an event in the black community , " DNC interim chairwoman Donna Brazile said Sunday on Sunday ’s " This Week . "   " He has Donald Trump’s gone to a black church , as Hillary Clinton has done , " she said Hillary Clinton " He ’s Donald Trump’s gone to historical black colleges     Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton ) . He ’s Donald Trump’s met with the mothers of children who have been slain and killed from violence in the country as Hillary Clinton has Hillary Clinton " Brazile ’s Donna Brazile , and Conway ’s pledge for new events , comes after Trump had linked the shooting death of basketball star Dwyane Wade ’s cousin to his efforts Donald Trump’s reach black voters in a tweet Saturday .   " Dwyane Wade ’s cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago Dwyane Wade’s Just what I have been saying .    will VOTE TRUMP ! " Trump Trump . Trump Trump mate Mike Pence defended that tweet     for which Trump has faced criticism Trump immediately linking a shooting death to politics     in an interview with CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union " Sunday .   " The truth of the matter is , Donald Trump is laying Trump that tweet     in short form it is , what , 140 characters     that we have a choice to make as a country , " Pence said . " We can continue with the we that has left us with dangerous streets in we cities , failing schools we no jobs , " he said . " Or Trump we can go with someone who is committed to educational choice for minority families and families all across this country for a commitment to law and order and standing with and standing by our law enforcement community committed to bringing jobs and opportunity and hope to every American , regardless of race and creed and color . " Trump made a stark pitch earlier this month to    voters in Michigan , saying of voting for him : " What the Trump do you have to lose ? "   But the firebrand GOP candidate has struggled with winning over minority voters .    Trump was at 2    Trump among    voters and 26 % among Hispanics in a recent Pew Research poll . A recent NBC    Street Journal poll shows Clinton beating Trump 91 % % among Trump . A Monmouth poll this month found that Trump only picked up 10 Trump of    voters . Some Republicans , including pollster Whit Ayres , have said Trump ’s outreach to    Trump more to do with bolstering his image among white voters who Trump uncomfortable with his campaign .   " After Trump months of denigrating every nonwhite minority in sight , it ’s hard to believe that he can actually do significantly better Trump nonwhites , " Ayres recently told National Public Radio . " But he may be able to soften Trump image a bit with some Trump and maybe a few independent whites who have been put off by his harshness thus far . " Trump 