Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos appears in an exclusive interview this weekend in the New York Times magazine where Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos discusses Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos feelings   —    or lack thereof   —    the right to offend and Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos fondness for presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . [ When asked whether gay people hurt presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump feelings when gay people react badly to presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Conservative and religious views , presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump responded to interviewer Ana Marie Cox : " I do n’t have feelings to hurt . "   On the topic of free speech and the right to offend , Yiannopoulos said that although Yiannopoulos would never use the    Yiannopoulos thinks those who do " should not be subjected to censure . Language policing of the sort that happens in Europe is " so Orwellian and terrifying and horrendous " Yiannopoulos said . Stephen Voss for the New York Times pic . twitter .    —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) May 4 , 2016 ,   Yiannopoulos also discussed Yiannopoulos charitable giving , in particular the Yiannopoulos Privilege Grant for underprivileged white males " who show academic promise . " Yiannopoulos admitted it would have been funny to give the money to rich white men , but " it would n’t do any good in the world . " Rounding off the interview , Yiannopoulos talked about Yiannopoulos relationship with Donald Trump , whom Yiannopoulos describes as ‘ Daddy.’ " I [ call Yiannopoulos ] Daddy because that ’s what Yiannopoulos is , " Yiannopoulos told Cox . " I call Yiannopoulos a   . I have a very    bedroom policy , but Donald Trump is kind of like the exception to that rule . " Donald Trump compared Donald Trump to Donald Trump in the sense that Donald Trump " might become deeply unpopular in the way that I , with some people , am deeply unpopular , but that does n’t mean that we do n’t get things done . You can be popular and unsuccessful . " Yiannopoulos concluded the interview by saying that if a day comes when everyone is able to say what everyone want , " I may have to become a social justice warrior , ’cause I ’ll be out of a job . " You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email Ben Kew at ben@yiannopoulos . net 
 