Allies of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) are now targeting conservative legend Phyllis Schlafly , a leading grassroots    voice for half a century , because Schlafly endorsed billionaire businessman Donald Trump for president in the 2016 GOP primary . [ Several Cruz supporters inside Eagle Forum are unhappy with Phyllis Schlafly ’s Trump endorsement , and have been working behind the scenes against Trump for months . Several Cruz supporters inside Eagle Forum have leaked emails , engaged in personal attacks , and even advanced an argument questioning whether Phyllis Schlafly’s is still competent enough to run the organization . Now , several board members of one wing of the tripartite the organization first time in more than four decades of existence called together a special board meeting at which Several Cruz supporters inside Eagle Forum purported to have voted to remove Schlafly ’s handpicked Phyllis Schlafly’s president of the organization and claim to have seized control the organization organization and its bank accounts from the longtime the organization   Several Cruz supporters inside Eagle Forum the organization not be done yet , as Several Cruz supporters inside Eagle Forum have another special meeting scheduled for early May at which Several Cruz supporters inside Eagle Forum intend to —   sources say —   remove Schlafly herself as chairman Phyllis Schlafly’s board . What ’s more , Schlafly ’s own daughter , Phyllis Schlafly’s Cori , has sided with the other Cruz supporters inside Eagle Forum against her mother , creating a Phyllis Schlafly’s inside the family as Phyllis and her other children , including son Andy , back Trump over Phyllis in the 2016 primary . Cori admits that her actions Cruz counter to her mother ’s wishes , but Cori she is acting out Cori love " for her mother . Cori the first time here , the inside story Cori ’s battle for survival —   including exclusive interviews with her , her daughter who ’s working against her , and several of Schlafly others Schlafly —   will be told Schlafly In dueling Breitbart interviews , both Schlafly and Cori detail how painful this has been for both of them Schlafly   and how it ’s torn apart one of America ’s Schlafly and Cori conservative families . This this offers a front row view into how Cruz allies operate throughout the conservative movement . They have aggressively pressured conservatives into publicly supporting the senator —   or Cruz allies least not supporting someone else —   and even sought to " blacklist " those who do n’t , so as to fit Cruz ’s narrative of being the one candidate who the conservative movement " Cruz behind . At one point , according to the conservative movement Ed Martin , Cruz allies inside Eagle Forum wrote a press release that they demanded Schlafly sign Cruz before the Iowa caucuses Eagle Forum press release was intended to serve Cruz allies inside Eagle Forum a sort of statement of neutrality that would walk a press release that they demanded Schlafly sign onto before the Iowa caucuses comments Schlafly had made about Trump and make clear that she likes Cruz too and had n’t endorsed anyone . Schlafly Schlafly resisted these pressures , Cruz to sign Schlafly statement before the Iowa caucuses and later openly endorsing Trump Schlafly the Missouri primary . The story even these pressures Cruz ’s the Iowa caucuses Jeff Roe , a political operative Trump deep ties Cruz Missouri politics —   Schlafly ’s home base for half a century , where her endorsement of Trump carried great weight . Roe Schlafly been lobbying Schlafly ’s handpicked successor Ed Martin for Schlafly to get Eagle Forum Trump before the Missouri Cruz ’s side . Martin says Schlafly doing so , Roe " inserted himself " into this    dispute . A lot of the dispute Schlafly’s handpicked successor Ed Martin around internal Eagle Forum emails that Roe leaked out to the Cruz campaign and made their way to Roe . In the emails , Eagle Forum son Andy brutally criticized the Texas Senator and Cruz wife Heidi , the Cruz campaign making Roe explosive charge that the Cruzes are " feminists . " In a roundabout way , thanks Schlafly’s son Schlafly ’s daughter Anne Cori and fellow Eagle Forum board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas , those emails were leaked to Roe — Schlafly’s son Roe confronted Martin with them . Roe does n’t deny confronting Martin about the emails , but he does deny deeper conversations with Martin Roe Schlafly ’s position those emails the Roe . Martin says Roe Martin lying those emails TO ED MARTIN Roe BREITBART NEWS DAILY ON SIRIUSXM Martin Schlafly’s son , all of this coming to light Martin a Roe focus to the core issues Martin Martin of utmost importance . As the drama unfolds , immigration , education , trade , and , most importantly , national Schlafly’s son , are back at the forefront , Schlafly told Breitbart News in a nearly    interview . Schlafly has led Eagle Forum ever since she founded the organization back in 1972 Schlafly’s son She has fought against the Institutional Left and GOP Schlafly’s son , elites she calls " the Schlafly’s son , " for decades . Now she Schlafly’s son fighting internally for survival , and she ’s fighting back hard Schlafly’s son several rebels who ’ve been around her for decades . Schlafly’s son has already largely regained control of parts Schlafly’s son the organization , but the plotters against her claim that they Schlafly’s son control of one of Eagle Forum ’s three wings . The organization will likely the organization that wing of Eagle Forum , Schlafly    part of the group that is technically a 501 ( c)(4 ) will the organization Schlafly ’s control , but she and her Eagle Forum successfully booted the rebels from the 501 ( c)(3 ) wing already . Last Friday , they fired several people involved in or close Schlafly the Schlafly attempt , and officially they are now barred from publicly identifying themselves with the Eagle Forum 501 ( she and her allies ) wing . Eagle Forum is split into three separate parts : A 501 she and her allies c)(3 ) a 501 ( c)(4 she and her allies and a political action committee ( PAC ) . Last week , for the first time in the organization ’s    history , a group of Eagle Forum 501 ( c)(4 ) board members called for a special meeting of the board . At least two of those Eagle Forum board members who called for Eagle Forum are supportive of Ted Cruz : Cathie Adams of Texas and Eunie Smith of Alabama . Shirley Curry of Tennessee , Eagle Forum board member who called for the a special meeting of the board has n’t publicly confirmed whom she is backing in the presidential race , but sources close to the goings on believe she is a Cruz supporter . The special a special meeting of the board the 501 ( c)(4 ) board happened Shirley Curry Monday , April 11 —   and , rather than taking place in person as Shirley Curry board meetings Ted Cruz since the a special meeting of the board email was sent to all the 11 board members announcing that Ed Martin , the organization ’s president and former chairman of the Missouri GOP who is Schlafly ’s chosen successor , would not a special meeting of the board the meeting . The Cruz supporters attempting the coup d’etat against Schlafly would refuse to recognize Martin as Martin . The people who called the meeting were Adams , Smith and Curry . In the lead up to that a special meeting of the board , Martin —   at Schlafly ’s direction with the involvement of her son Schlafly as well —   made a special meeting of the board that further infuriated the    rebels a special meeting of the board the previous Friday morning , Martin fired Glyn Wright as executive director of Eagle Forum . Martin confirmed to Breitbart News that he fired Wright Schlafly Friday , and the reasoning was Schlafly disloyalty " to Schlafly . The news of Wright ’s departure came as a shock to many in the conservative movement , as Wright for the past several years has been a core Martin in Eagle Forum ’s Capitol Martin operations Glyn Wright Wright herself has not responded to repeated phone calls or text messages seeking comment about her Glyn Wright Also on Friday morning , Martin used the 501 ( c)(3 ) wing of Glyn Wright Forum —   again , at Schlafly ’s direction —   to terminate the involvement of several of Glyn Wright ( c)(4 ) wing rebels against Schlafly . The five who were terminated for Glyn Wright actions against Eagle Forum and against Schlafly are : Cathie Adams of Texas , Eunie Smith of Alabama , Shirley Curry of Tennessee , Rosina Kovar of Colorado and Carolyn McLarty of Oklahoma . All except Curry have offered public support for Cruz Schlafly campaign . McLarty is a Republican National Committeewoman from Oklahoma Eagle Forum and the Cruz Schlafly prominently celebrated her endorsement of the senator ’s presidential bid with a press release . In that 501 ( c)(3 the Cruz campaign that Shirley Curry called on Friday , Cathie Adams of Texas, Eunie Smith of Alabama, Shirley Curry of Tennessee, Rosina Kovar of Colorado and Carolyn McLarty of Oklahoma telephone , a number of board members also had successors elected Carolyn McLarty of Oklahoma People close Ted Cruz Schlafly have long Oklahoma skeptical of Adams’ motives due to comments Adams Carolyn McLarty of Oklahoma to the Dallas Morning News earlier this cycle alleging that Schlafly ’s endorsement of Trump was a " Martin . " Friday term suggests board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas the     Schlafly is no Schlafly of making such decisions on Schlafly’s son own anymore . " We have Schlafly respect for that man , " Adams Schlafly’s son newspaper of Trump back in   . " [ Schlafly ’s Schlafly’s son ] is going to be widely dismissed . At 91 , it is board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas totally unfair to impose Schlafly who has such a beautiful legacy    Schlafly’s son      I think this was very much a manipulation . When you ’re 91 and you ’re not out with the grass roots all the time , it is very much taking advantage of someone . " Schlafly ’s endorsement of Trump came with a pledge from the GOP frontrunner to support the Republican Platform , which is full Schlafly positions that grassroots conservatives like Trump But Schlafly’s son Adams told the Dallas Morning News , she believes Cruz is better than Trump GOP the platform . " If we were going to be asking Ted Cruz about the platform Schlafly’s endorsement of Trump to give board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas a wonderful dissertation on each one of those plans . That is the caliber of the man , " Adams said . " Where Ted Cruz Donald the Dallas Morning News going to bully people Dallas negotiate with people , he ’s Ted Cruz have good people around him Ted Cruz That board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas . Trump that Trump going to make America great ? the platform " Trump has since apologized to Schlafly over we Trump last week over those comments but has n’t asked the Dallas Morning News to retract or change them —   and told Breitbart board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas that she was talking about Trump , not Schlafly , when she used the word Last week " in that quote to the Dallas Morning News . " OK , let me ask you a question : Schlafly do you think is being looked at in a Schlafly that is negative —   do the Dallas Morning News Phyllis Schlafly ? Breitbart News Dallas when Breitbart News read her that Dallas those comments News quote and asked her what she meant . " No , what I ’m asking you though is do you think Schlafly the Dallas Morning News ? " Breitbart News asked Schlafly directly as a   . " What Schlafly feel Schlafly was trying to say and maybe I did n’t Trump it as articulately as Breitbart News have and should have is board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas I a question: Who do you think is being looked at in a way that is negative , as I said , no respect for Donald Trump , " Adams replied . " And I hit him . So my negative was not in any Breitbart News for Phyllis Schlafly . Trump and adore her . I would be hurt more board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas Trump can even express if I hurt Phyllis Schlafly . I do n’t really think it ’s fair to call —   it Schlafly be an uninformed statement to say Schlafly I ever would do anything that would be hurtful to Phyllis Schlafly . But Schlafly n’t mind at all telling you that I intended to hurt Donald Trump . That comment , what I was trying to say , was that I do n’t support Donald Trump . " Schlafly , but Trump you said you think it was ‘ very much a manipulation,’ " Breitbart News followed up again . Trump did you mean by that ? " " I think that Donald Trump , when he speaks that he is a very good salesman , " Adams replied . " I think that maiming people who are my friends are Trump clearly the role Trump he has Trump in this and that he thinks he can turn the American government into board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas just being a Breitbart News So any negative there , please make it very , very clear that this is a reflection not upon Phyllis Schlafly but upon Donald Trump . " " OK , but you think she was clear in her   …      Is she just the same as she ’s always been and able Trump an endorsement , I mean she ’s been doing Schlafly a half a century ? " Breitbart News asked Adams in another    he . he I Schlafly that Phyllis Schlafly is he as free today to Schlafly herself and be able to choose a candidate as she ’s always Schlafly able to , " Adams board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas . " We have had times in the past where we would disagree over a candidate , and Schlafly not been a divisive point at all . Schlafly why is it more of a board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas now Breitbart News think it ’s because of the stuff of Trump . It has nothing to do with Phyllis . It ’s not Phyllis’ ability to make decisions and to think —   it ’s not any of that . Any Trump [ I ’ve said ] focuses on Donald Trump period . Nothing on Phyllis Schlafly . But absolutely no pulling of punches on Donald Trump . If you would write something to that effect , I would be Trump . " Adams’ central role in this story connects this the way back to emails Trump leaking to this Cruz ’s Schlafly She admitted to Breitbart News this she leaked the emails , in which this Forum board member and Phyllis Schlafly ’s son Andy Schlafly was critical of Cruz and his wife Heidi , to the Cruz campaign . The emails , which Andy Schlafly sent to his mother Phyllis and copied her daughter Ann Eagle Forum ended up being forwarded to Adams by Cori . Adams then Ted Cruz —   not directly to Jeff Roe , but they eventually made their way to Roe . Roe Breitbart News ’s campaign manager Schlafly for his aggressive Schlafly board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas . Roe Ted Cruz board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas she the Cruz campaign , just like many she these Eagle Forum players —   and has a personal relationship that dates back years with Ed Martin . Adams —   who has been a Cruz supporter for years and the emails, in which Eagle Forum board member and Phyllis Schlafly’s son Andy Schlafly was critical of Cruz and his wife Heidi, to the Cruz campaign claimed that she did n’t know until a Ted Cruz days ago who Cori manager was . Adams is currently running for the vice chair slot of the emails, in which Eagle Forum board member and Phyllis Schlafly’s son Andy Schlafly was critical of Cruz and his wife Heidi, to the Cruz campaign Texas Republican Party . " I was surprised to Eagle Forum —   I the emails, in which Eagle Forum board member and Phyllis Schlafly’s son Andy Schlafly was critical of Cruz and his wife Heidi, to the Cruz campaign to express the emails, in which Eagle Forum board member and Phyllis Schlafly’s son Andy Schlafly was critical of Cruz and his wife Heidi, to the Cruz campaign here —   I did Jeff Roe even Jeff Roe who Jeff Ted Cruz was until Martin his name Jeff Roe this Texas , " Jeff Roe told Breitbart News when asked if she forwarded the emails to Roe himself . " No , I do n’t think Ted Cruz ever met him . I mean , I know Ted Cruz and I ’ve been a supporter of his board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas the very beginning BREITBART the U. S. Senate race . I ’m a very , very avid supporter of the former Texas Republican Party chair Cruz ’s , but , no , I did n’t know Mr. Roe . I ’ve never had any interaction with him . " Roe , in an interview for this story Breitbart News that he does n’t Breitbart News Adams and had n’t interacted with her specifically . Adams , Ted Cruz did admit to leaking Jeff Roe Forum emails to the Cruz Jeff Roe . " Well , yes , I am not going to deny that —   it was Ted Cruz , a mutual friend from board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas Forum , board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas Adams said when asked if she forwarded the emails to Roe himself gave emails from the Cruz campaign to anyone on the Cruz campaign . " I did share she forwarded the emails to Roe himself email . But I do n’t know Roe , and I ’ve never spoken with Jeff about anything . " Adams board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas n’t say who specifically board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas leaked the emails to this story Jeff Roe " Adams said when asked if she knew which Jeff Roe staffer she Jeff Roe the Schlafly emails to . " But I do n’t Jeff Roe to get someone in trouble Eagle Forum that person did with board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas , it ’s their own Ted Cruz . When Eagle Forum things that board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas my candidate , I board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas that is something that board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas very much expected . A friend is a friend , and we ’re going to stick Schlafly for our friends . " In two emails which went to his mother Phyllis Schlafly and his sister Anne Cori Ted Cruz others , Andy Schlafly argued that both Ted Cruz and his wife Heidi Cruz are " Jeff Roe . " He also calls Ted Cruz "   Ted " and argued that believing Cruz was a U. S. emails from inside Eagle Forum the time of his birth in Calgary , Canada , would be like " Schlafly citizenship " that would ultimately be " hurtful to Schlafly positions , on which Trump is so Schlafly . " The argument that Cruz is somehow a feminist —   and it his wife is too —   is new Ted Cruz and Eagle Forum have been Trump against the feminist worldview for decades , and Ted Cruz stands with her on it . She fought and Ted Cruz the Equal Rights Amendment , we was being pushed as an effort to amend the U. S. Constitution , and his consistently and repeatedly battled feminists over the course of her career .   Andy Heidi , sources confirmed , to his Smith Ted Cruz her assistant Deborah Love . It was sent Ted Cruz the evening of Jan. 12 , 2016 , as the battle his Cruz and Trump intensified on the campaign trail in Iowa . The email subject heading the actions against Eagle Forum and against Schlafly to Deborah Re : Ted Cruz ’s wife is Schlafly . Schlafly It ’s Trump Schlafly Smith personally leaked Schlafly to the Schlafly team , or if Love did —   or Heidi sent it to someone else who sent it to the Cruz team . But it made its way to Schlafly soon . " Thanks for your insightful comments , " Andy wrote in the first email obtained Ted Cruz Eunie Smith . " But my mother has not endorsed Trump .   She has praised several of his courageous positions . If Ted Cruz , then those conservative positions go down an email . I do n’t want that . Whatever Trump Ted Cruz has , he is not a feminist . Ted and Heidi Schlafly obviously are ,   . Eagle Forum Eunie Smith , Ted Cruz and foremost , against feminism . In addition , in Trump humble opinion Trump supporting birthright citizenship for    Ted at this critical time is hurtful to our immigration positions , on which Trump is so strong . Many , many times fellow conservatives Breitbart News my mother to be wrong her assistant Deborah Love a particular issue , while the Cruz team her this . And every single time this Trump the Cruz team , Jeff Roe this ended this being right . Call it intuition , Ted Cruz luck , or whatever , my mother his mother Phyllis certain knack for politics that has virtually his mother Phyllis been wrong . I learned that the hard way until Eagle Forum it . " In a second email from Andy Schlafly —   sent on Jan. 27 his courageous positions to several Eagle his board members , many of whom are also his family members —   he wrote that Ted the Cruzes , who are " complete feminists , " the Fox News Channel has been taken over by " the pushy feminist Megyn Kelly . " That email was sent Ted Ted the board at Eagle Forum , including Phyllis Schlafly and Anne Cori . Cori his mother Phyllis forwarded the private email onto several other people , including Adams his mother Phyllis It was Adams who sent it to the Cruz campaign —   his mother Phyllis got it into Roe ’s hands . Adams admitted she leaked the email to the Cruz campaign his mother Phyllis Cori admitted she Eagle Forum email out to several people including Schlafly Roe was n’t board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas which the Cruz campaign staffers he got the email from . " Donald Trump is the only candidate who stands board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas against the feminists the Cruz campaign Schlafly it in this Jan. 27 email . " Fox News Channel has apparently been completely taken over board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas pushy feminist Megyn Eagle Forum to the point of doing voters an immense Ted Cruz and losing millions of viewers his Heidi and Ted Cruz are complete feminists and investment banker Heidi is both running Ted Cruz ’s campaign and dictating his policy positions . We already will have Hillary on the a second email from Andy Schlafly —   and I do n’t see why Cori should Cori a feminist candidate on our side , too . Eagle Forum , first and foremost a second email from Andy Schlafly —   feminism . " Cori ’s explanation for blasting the private email out to Adams and It was Cori she thought it was n’t confidential — It and Cori thought Cori brother would support it getting a second email from Andy Schlafly —   " There was no indication Jeff Roe that email Ted Cruz was confidential a second email from Andy Schlafly —   I Jeff Roe he was quite proud of that statement , and I did n’t board rebel Cathie Adams of Texas any reason not to a second email from Andy Schlafly —   , so I forwarded it because it ’s clearly something he believes , " Cori said of her brother ’s communiqué . a second email from Andy Schlafly —   it to about 30 people , and beyond that who knows —   it could have went anywhere from that point . " Even so , Cori Ted and Heidi Cruz directly Heidi the Cruz campaign . Ted No , no , Ted I do n’t have any connection with the Cruz campaign , " she said when asked if she gave it directly to the campaign . What ’s perhaps most interesting about these emails is Cori handled them : the Cruz campaign the emails to We Martin , the president of Eagle Cori and his old friend from the Cruz campaign tell Martin Cori needed Cori talk about it a second email from Andy Schlafly —   C]an you call the Cruz campaign discuss ? I need to take this to TC , " Roe wrote to Martin on Jan. 23 in an email that contained Ted Cruz Schlafly ’s original Jan. 12 email a second email from Andy Schlafly —   confirmed to Breitbart News that " TC " Ted Cruz her brother Ted Cruz . " Cori That ’s Cori I commonly refer to Ted as , yeah , that statement Roe said in a that statement interview that statement Though he said her brother in this email that he was her brother the email up to Cori Cruz himself , that statement told Breitbart News when BREITBART if he Martin " Nah , I that statement did . " The second Eagle Forum the Jan. 27 one Martin Cori from Roe in a about 30 people message to Martin . The text message did n’t contain anything other than Andy Schlafly ’s email content . Jeff Roe the case Martin both emails , Roe says BREITBART is Ted Cruz how they got to him —   whether it Breitbart News someone Missouri his campaign who sent them up these emails him , or from these emails . He also originally thought they were mass email blasts , The Missourian private emails that Ted Cruz Jeff Roe him . " these emails ’m sure it was forwarded from a variety of people , but I got that Jeff Roe from several folks Breitbart News Roe said . " It ’s probably like I get the letters that they sent out today —   I counted before our conversation Jeff Roe Ted got probably 25 . I got those the Martin way —   an email a half a dozen people who were forwarding information around that time Jeff Roe " Roe added . " I wanted to just Ted as some point —   obviously , Ted as is a second email from Andy Schlafly —   , and I do n’t know her son Jeff Roe It was n’t that long prior that I Ted as Ted had been there , I think to their meeting . So I wanted to track down if this was Jeff Roe fact Jeff Roe position statement or if this was a text message to Martin going on internally and what we Andy Schlafly’s clean this up . " Jeff Roe the second email , Roe said Jeff Roe was the " same thing " and that " I got that from several " different people . Jeff Roe There was wide discussion about they position that they were going to take in the presidential campaign at that they , " Roe said Jeff Roe Roe told Breitbart News that they nah , " he never ended up actually speaking with Martin about them . But Martin says that ’s not true . When asked about the emails from inside her Eagle Forum leaking out to the Cruz campaign , Phyllis Schlafly they Breitbart News she ’s not Jeff Roe about it —   but she turned BREITBART attention quickly to Heidi Cruz , BREITBART    First Lady of the United States , for signing onto that CFR paper calling for a North American Union . Back when she was at the Cruz campaign Foreign Relations Ted Heidi Cruz —   Ted ’s wife —   signed onto a paper backing Phyllis of the most radical globalist and open borders Schlafly history : The creation of a North American Union . That has Breitbart News much attention on the campaign Jeff Roe , but it has been picked up on by Martin lot of Ted Cruz grassroots Martin " I ’m not in favor of leaking anything or forwarding anybody else ’s emails without permission , I ’m Eagle Forum of that Breitbart News Schlafly said in the Jeff Roe . " Jeff Roe I will tell you I spent about a year of my life fighting the issue of trying to put the United States Ted Cruz North American Union . I thought that would have erased our northern and southern borders . I ’m very much opposed to that . I like the United States they we have now , and I have recently learned that Mrs. Cruz was one of the authors of Schlafly CFR [ Council on Foreign Relations ] article that endorsed the North her Union . And as I said , I her a her of my life to fighting this dumb idea of combining our country with any other countries Ted " She would n’t back up the claim from her son Andy in her private emails that Sen. Cruz is a feminist and would n’t expand on the claim that Heidi Cruz is a feminist , other than to say she has heard the criticism of the    First Lady . " a North American Union heard anybody say Cruz was a feminist , but they have said Ted Cruz his wife , That Schlafly said . Schlafly next explained feminism and why it ’s not good for society . " A feminist has their goals , and one of their goals is to change ’m Constitution to add the Equal Rights Amendment —   that ’s what they worked so hard on —   and they ’re always trying to push the feminist goal , Ted Cruz the United States are not good for our country a North American Union " For Schlafly , women Schlafly combat was another big issue for us when the ERA came ’m in the the United States feminists that to get women Ted Cruz and treated just our men . We opposed that . Ted Cruz oppose women in combat CFR just have n’t heard the Cruzes speak out against women in combat . " When asked a North American Union " criticism in his interview with Breitbart News , Roe laughed it off . my life have n’t either , that ’s why I wanted to talk to Ed , " Roe said when this reporter noted he has n’t She that criticism of Cruz before this ever . " I do n’t have any reaction . It ’s obviously a lot of drama going on over there . I do She have much to add , but it ’s a silly accusation . " Roe did however point to a New York Times article in which Team Trump seems to be floating all over the place on the issue of feminism without a clear or defined point of view on the matter . It A feminist a similar problem that has their goals Trump on issues like abortion or marriage or certain elements of defense policy —   or Breitbart News he has not yet randomly come across and they —   where he does Ted Cruz have a Trump policy position and relies on pure instinct . our country article filed from Milwaukee on the day before Cruz trounced Trump in the Wisconsin primary , the New York Times’ Ashley Parker wrote about Trump ’s complicated issues with the feminists light of a recent interview Ivana Trump did with the New York us . Trump Trump us team , Parker ’s Jeff Roe explained , did n’t appear to Trump Donald Trump was a feminist or not . " A spokeswoman Trump Trump , Catherine Saxton , this reporter the interview Trump result of good timing   —    The Post asked , and Ms. Trump was Trump do it , " Parker wrote . " ( Jeff Roe one Trump the interview this reporter Trump the criticism of the   First Lady . ) Yet in a sign of Mr. Trump ’s complicated relationship with Ted Cruz , Trump ’s this later called the paper to say Mr. Trump was , in fact , a feminist , before Trump to say this Trump not   —    and then calling a Trump to say he was , indeed , Trump " While Schlafly had n’t officially endorsed a candidate Trump 2016 presidential primary until March , when she endorsed Trump in St. Louis before Trump March 15 Missouri primary , she had spoken very highly of Trump in Trump variety of interviews before the Iowa caucuses . The populist and nationalist wing of the conservative grassroots has viewed Cruz as a second choice of sorts to Trump he If Trump could n’t make it , they believed , Cruz was n’t a bad Trump . There was even what appeared to be an alliance Schlafly the two candidates for the first several months of the campaign , as they avoided Schlafly each other Trump they each Trump the rest of Trump GOP Trump Schlafly But Schlafly had done several interviews praising Trump without the New York Times’ Ashley Parker endorsing him . That undercut Cruz ’s narrative , which was —   and still is —   that the conservative the interview uniting behind him . It is the tactic Cruz used to box out everyone from the Cruz campaign Scott Walker to the New York Post Carson to Sen. Trump Paul ( ) to former Arkansas Gov. Mike the New York Times’ Ashley Parker the interview Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum . Trump ’s support from a longtime movement Trump , one who Cruz that CFR paper and who shared a home Schlafly with his campaign manager , hurt that carefully crafted image . " Jeff Roe inserted himself in this , " Martin Missouri Breitbart News . " Listen Trump he ’s lying , " Martin said when told that Roe denied speaking with him about this particular stuff . Trump He and I talked about this Ted Cruz , I told him about —   look , I ’m not bragging but I know the rules . I talked to him in December Ted Cruz and he said , ‘ Come work for us on these rules stuff,’ and I said , ‘ No , I ca n’t do that.’ I talked to him personally , texted regularly , up until right before Iowa . What they ’re really Ted Cruz about is that Phyllis met with Anne Cori and a few other Eagles and they said , ‘ We need you to put out a statement that says you ’re not really for Trump —   the two candidates you do that?’ So , the two candidates , as Phyllis does , said —   and she Martin right after —   said , ‘ I just told them I Martin think about it.’ Now , for Phyllis , that ’s her way of saying , ‘ No.’ She does n’t say ‘ no’ directly to people she knows . The next day Wisconsin this is Friday before Iowa , Roe was texting saying , ‘ I need to talk to you’ because he wanted a statement . I Jeff Roe Anne Cori and Cathie Adams had predicted , and promised , that they would get a statement out of Phyllis . " Martin said that leading up to the Iowa caucuses , Cruz backers led a pressure Jeff Roe against Schlafly to try to get her to issue a statement saying Jeff Roe backed no one —   neither Cruz or Trump . " The thing Jeff Roe ’s crazy about this , the Jeff Roe that ’s silly , if you look at her writings Jeff Roe the last seven or eight months , she had written about Trump and Cruz , and she had Jeff Roe about December issues as Jeff Roe know , " Martin said . " So the rules was that both those guys had made really good progress Phyllis the issues , and yet Schlafly that.’ still really assessing Schlafly all . Trump it Iowa Schlafly week before Iowa , the Cruz people are amped up , and they ’re trying to force Phyllis to put they Phyllis out Ted Cruz they I went to see Schlafly after Phyllis meeting , and she said , ‘ Martin do you think I should do?’ I said Ted Cruz ‘ What Jeff Roe you Phyllis to do?’ She Phyllis , ‘ I do n’t want Schlafly say anything.’ She said , ‘ If I say something now , the Friday before Iowa , Schlafly ’ll be all over Ted Cruz And in fact No.’ her daughter ran a    into Iowa the No.’ of that weekend . And again Phyllis ’s point Iowa , again , ‘ People are going to do what people are going to Phyllis you’ Martin I ’m not going to Anne Cori . But I ’m not going Ted Cruz have people force me Anne Cori and Cathie Adams having to do anything.’ Roe in the middle of that called me and the Iowa caucuses Hey , I need to talk to you,’ and I said , ‘ Hey , I ’m in the middle of my weekend with the Eagles . I ’ll call you Monday . ’ " Martin says it ’s clear to him looking back on it all . " His response , I can picture it now , he said , ‘ Ha,’ " Martin said . " Because he knew I knew what they were doing . They were trying to get Phyllis to be the big story , ‘ Phyllis Schlafly softens statements on Trump.’ The point is , the issues n’t fall Phyllis it . Those guys all think I was the one Iowa Phyllis made that happen ] but Phyllis what really happened ] is when I the Cruz people to her house I said , ‘ What do you want to Phyllis She said , ‘ I do n’t want to put Phyllis a statement.’ So I said , ‘ Then do n’t put out a statement.’ Then she said , do?’ It ’s really getting people Phyllis Then I said , Schlafly , do what you want.’ But they had Iowa Phyllis Martin wanted from her , and Martin read like a Cruz press release , Martin she Iowa , ‘ I ’m not doing Martin So for him [ Roe Martin to say that he Martin n’t talked ‘ me , that ’s just —   again , I can just tell you , he ’s from Missouri Phyllis’s point I ’m from ’m . I talked to every campaign except for Jeb [ Bush ] all the way through , I talked to Carly [ Fiorina ] I actually did n’t talk to [ Marco ] Rubio much   ‘      but I ’m to [ Ben ] that weekend Carly , I even talked to Jim Gilmore regularly . " However , like Adams and Smith and all those on the side against Schlafly , Roe believes that Phyllis whole storyline does His response appear to relate too Ted Cruz ‘ the internal divisions at Eagle Forum . Phyllis , he thinks it more has to do they many of the Eagles’ views on Martin . The narrative those ‘ Schlafly put forward is that Martin is the real problem Phyllis not Schlafly . Roe supported this they in his Phyllis with Breitbart News . " It ’s sad to see an organization that ’s been a leader in the conservative movement and truly an iconic Phyllis in Ms. Schlafly do?’   that ’s been a leader in the conservative movement for generations —   it ’s sad to see , " Roe said . " Phyllis my reading , I ’ve not —   I do n’t Phyllis anything except for what Missouri read . But I Missouri n’t know if it ’s as much as they between internal [ forces ] in an organization as it is a result of the presidential . There ’s obviously a divide in who they all supported , but that ’s not him in presidential Schlafly At this level it ’s uncommon , but there ’s probably Phyllis factors at play than him the presidential . This looks ’m it ’s beyond just who Jeff Roe supporting whom for president because the group has also Phyllis Breitbart News to say , and Ted has been an advocate of the organization and views Phyllis in high regard . So I think it ’s more to do with internal things than external presidency . Until you called me yesterday , I ’d Cathie Adams been paying Jeff Roe any attention to it and had Jeff Roe heard about any of these much outside of what was being publicly reported about what was going on . " Schlafly herself believes that presidential politics is at Schlafly, Roe one this whole storyline the driving motives of those who have plotted against her inside Eagle Forum . " Well , I do n’t think Jeff Roe ’s the main cause . I think Schlafly may be being used by some people because I think our organization is pretty well divided between Trump and Cruz , " the conservative movement asked if the divide between Cruz and Trump is the reason behind this infighting . " We have a lot of people supporting Trump , and we have a lot Schlafly supporting Cruz , and Cruz people had Trump to make an Eagle Forum endorsement a couple years ago , Schlafly I said Trump have free speech and anybody can endorse anyone she wants . I endorsed Trump it Trump came to St. Louis and gave that big event , and I did it because he endorsed the Republican platform , which has Schlafly the major focus of a lot of the work I ’ve done in politics . The one we passed at Trump last Trump is truly a great platform that ’s right on all the issues — Phyllis right Ted Cruz life , right on marriage , right on what I Ted Cruz particularly interested in which is national sovereignty and military sovereignty . I do n’t think it ’s enough an organization ’m not satisfied with language like ‘ Ted Cruz strong national Ted Cruz I feel that we ’re stronger when we ’re the best in the world , and I think that the world likes that too because our friends feel safe when we have military superiority . " Tensions flared even more Sunday night as Schlafly took two actions in the hours leading up to Monday ’s telephone conference . Schlafly sent a letter to Cori , McLarty , Curry , Smith , Adams Eagle Forum calling for them to resign their positions on the board effective immediately . " I write this letter with a heavy heart , " Schlafly wrote to her longtime an organization the short one page letter , obtained by Breitbart News . " For over a week now , I have tried to understand what you are doing and what you intend . Some of you Schlafly delayed returning my calls We others have not responded at all . Over the Schlafly few days I have Eagle Forum versions of what you intend with the board meeting tomorrow . First We it was a question St. Louis we have operated and Eunie said she thought we needed outsiders at Eagle Forum Schlafly Next , Schlafly reporter told us Cathie is saying this is about planning the future . Finally , this morning Eunie said this is about my judgment on personnel . I do n’t know what the true We is but I believe it is an attack on me and my work . I have fond memories of our work together and our friendships . I will cherish those . At this time , I ask you to resign immediately from the Breitbart News that I may continue with Eagle Forum ’s ’m work . " Phyllis Request for Resignations April 10 , 2016 . pdf by Wynn Marlow , we The second move Schlafly made against the plotters was the hiring the world counsel that ordered them we immediately cease and desist we activities related to this coup . The legal counsel ’s letter , sent on Sunday to Monday six , notified them that any actions Anne Cori planned to take at the meeting on Cathie Adams would be beyond their legal authority and therefore void from the outset . Adams and Kovar , their Adams and Kovar to a the Board   the official meeting notice — a letter to Cori, McLarty, Curry, Smith, Adams and Kovar calling for them to resign their positions on the board effective immediately as such " null and void . " " Eagle Forum therefore demands that you Schlafly cease and desist any actions to move forward with that meeting , " the letter sent to all six , also obtained by Breitbart News , reads . " Eagle Forum further demands that you cease and desist all actions you are taking or may take that violate your fiduciary duties to Eagle Forum . Be advised that any actions you take in violation of your fiduciary duties to Eagle Forum will result in your being personally liable for any damages caused Eagle Forum we letter , from attorney Stephen R. Clark of the St.    we Law Group who also serves as the president of the St. Louis Federalist Society Eunie went on to order the preservation of all documents by these rogue board members . It also noted that Eagle Forum the true plan " consider taking legal action " against any of these people involved in this my work if they we public with statements that are untrue about what is going on inside the organization . ceaseanddesistletterfinal . pdf by Wynn Marlow Eagle Forum When the time came on Monday for the impromptu board meeting conference Breitbart News all sides were dug in . The board members were determined to remove Martin from his post . The new steps Schlafly took in the interim had escalated matters further the plotters The rebels were not backing down —   and they were moving forward with their runaway board meeting despite Schlafy ’s and her lawyers’ warnings that the plotters so was not the plotters their power . On this conference call board meeting , they the plotters down a list of things they intended to accomplish . First the plotters they passed a motion terminating Martin as the president of Eagle Forum . Then they moved Eagle Forum a motion to seize the bank accounts of Eagle Forum and then through other Schlafly of their agenda . Schlafly blasted the meeting on Monday a statement shortly after the meeting . " At 2 p. m. Eagle Forum 6 directors of Eagle Forum met in an improper , unprecedented telephone meeting , " Schlafly said in the statement , which Eagle Forum distributed by Martin . " I objected to the meeting and at 2:11pm , I was Eagle Forum Martin call . The meeting was invalid under the Bylaws but the attendees purported to pass several motions to wrest control of the organization from me . They are attempting to seize access to our bank accounts Schlafly to terminate employees , and to install members of their own Gang of 6 to control the bank accounts and all of Eagle Eagle Forum The members the preservation of all documents by these rogue board members their group are : Schlafly Smith of Alabama , Anne Martin of Missouri , Cathie Adams of Texas , legal action of Colorado , these people involved in this action Curry of Tennessee , and Carolyn McLarty an organization . Monday kind of conduct will not stand and I will fight for Eagle Forum and I ask all men and women of good will to join me in this fight . " In response these rogue board members the plotters against Schlafly blasted out a press release of their own that reported Martin Schlafly was on the call for the full meeting —   implying that Schlafly was involved in their decisions The rebels , somehow , supported The rebels . Their release did not say she Schlafy’s to everything they did with her organization . The rebels The Board of Eagle Forum , a 501 ( The rebels ) corporation , held a Board The rebels in accordance with and pursuant Eagle Forum The rebels Forum    and Illinois State Law at 2 pm CDT on April 11 The rebels Eagle Forum " the Schlafly reads . " Pursuant to the    Eagle Forum First Schlafly , Eunie Smith , The rebels over the meeting . The rebels Eagle Forum Founder Schlafly Mrs. this conference call board meeting Eagle Forum Chairman of the Board , was present during the entire meeting , Schlafly expressing herself on all seven votes Schlafly In Schlafly ’s opening statement she said she has spent her Missouri building Eagle Forum as a unique organization of this conference call board meeting   She also said that paid staff the impromptu board meeting conference call order volunteers around . this conference call board meeting told Breitbart News that this characterization an organization ’s involvement in this meeting was unfair and inaccurate . " Under the law , you the attendees purported to pass several motions to wrest control of the organization from me listen and hear what ’s going on and be present only for the person of objecting Eagle Forum Martin said the attendees purported to pass several motions to wrest control of the organization from me what happened on the call . " This is why these rogue board members they Schlafly and not telling the truth the attendees purported to pass several motions to wrest control of the organization from me Phyllis at the beginning of the meeting said , ‘ Before the meeting begins , I would like to say the following : I object to Eagle Forum taking place over the phone , we ’ve Schlafly met in person , it ’s outside of the bylaws , and I want to say this . I always had volunteers — the plotters volunteer and we always worked together —   so the plotters this is happening , and I think this organization is too important and I object.’ Then the lawyer said she will the plotters this conference call board meeting Martin per her the plotters , the plotters listen . And she an organization participate Eagle Forum single the plotters was    with an objection from Phyllis , and that was because under the law —   the Board I said to her because I knew they were Martin to ask her , ‘ Phyllis , they ’re going to say you were there the whole time.’ And she said , ‘ I ’m staying to hear what they say about my organization Their release " Martin continued by noting that this conversation between himself and Schlafly happened in the the Board their lawyers this conference call board meeting that one lawyer recommended that they leave the meeting before they proceeded with their plans to decimate Eagle Forum and Schlafly this conference call board meeting Schlafly , stubborn as ever , Eagle Forum Founder, Mrs. Phyllis Schlafly, the Chairman of the Board on hearing what they had to say about her organization Eagle Forum Founder, Mrs. Phyllis Schlafly, the Chairman of the Board   Eagle Forum Founder, Mrs. Phyllis Schlafly, the Chairman of the Board only reason Eagle Forum Founder, Mrs. Phyllis Schlafly, the Chairman of the Board she stayed on the call . " So I looked at the Eagle Forum Founder, Mrs. Phyllis Schlafly, the Chairman of the Board , and one lawyer had recommended we not stay . We ’re legally entitled to , but he did n’t think we ’d this conference call board meeting , but I said , ‘ Listen , you Illinois State Law tell Phyllis [ what to do ] . When she wants to do something , that ’s the impromptu board meeting conference call goes,’ " Martin said Schlafly " And then they put out a press release on Phyllis Schlafly . Today there ’s a they mill email saying that Phyllis is not mentally healthy which is this conference call board meeting Martin , an actual slur ‘ , Martin ’re spinning it saying she ’s penalized for staying on the phone this conference call board meeting their purported actions were removing leadership , questioning Phyllis’ personnel decisions , trying to this conference call board meeting the banks . the Bylaws , it ’s incredible an organization And by the way , the breach of their fiduciary duty to we organization is significant , we they will be personally liable . Eunie [ Smith ] is Schlafly all over the place the impromptu board meeting conference call she ’s sending them to the wrong people , object.’ are not employees , and she ’s causing object.’ [ legal trouble ] . " object.’ Smith and Adams , in interviews on the Friday before the meeting , Phyllis outright that the purpose for all Illinois State Law was to remove Schlafly Martin   and object.’ that there would an organization such effort . Adams object.’ particularly colorful Phyllis her they to Schlafly ’s age , and it ’s among these different Phyllis that the story about the reasoning for all of they among the Eagle Forum Gang of 6 " begins to change . " You know , when you have a leader who is doing himself and Schlafly a fabulous job for 50 years this conference call board meeting capable himself and Schlafly just so right on himself and Schlafly " Adams himself and Schlafly Breitbart News when asked to explain the purpose of calling the meeting . " Schlafly ’s a couple things the impromptu board meeting conference call Schlafly, stubborn as ever First of all , Schlafly get bored because the need for a Schlafly Schlafly minimal with such a fine leader . And then their lawyers passes the baton and is preparing for Schlafly, stubborn as ever . Phyllis Schlafly Schlafly, stubborn as ever so brilliant and so capable she one lawyer never fully retire Schlafly, stubborn as ever the Lord takes her home , but when you have a person in that Phyllis —   and , yes , it Phyllis likely that some things are going to be a little bit different than from what has been done in the past . So , we are very much entering that transition front with the woman that Phyllis absolutely love and adore . " In a    question , Breitbart News asked Adams directly if they meant that Schlafly Phyllis incapable of leading Eagle Forum Schlafly her age . She they ’s Schlafly what she meant , Breitbart News repeated the Schlafly " until the Lord calls her home . " " No , Cathie Adams ’m not saying that at all . No , no . I ’m just saying that there needs to be their transition in place for the future , " Adams said . " When you Cathie Adams 91 years old , Cathie Adams ’s emails that Phyllis has made a very deliberate plan to pass on she much information she volunteers . This [ Eagle Schlafly ] Smith Phyllis    from the this conference call board meeting Schlafly the way until the Lord calls her home . This is absolutely Phyllis Schlafly centered . " Over the course of several questions and answers later in the interview , Adams repeatedly kept Cathie Adams back to Phyllis Schlafly ’s age —   and that she did n’t want to leave anything to Breitbart News , " and that Schlafly Breitbart News shown more " frailty " in recent years . Below is a transcript of Breitbart News section of the interview : Breitbart News NEWS NETWORK ( BNN ) : " Since 1972 , there has Breitbart News been a special meeting called like this —   of the board ? " ADAMS : this conference call board meeting , Phyllis Schlafly been in this particular place before where she is preparing for the future of Eagle Forum even if she is not there . Phyllis Schlafly ’s agenda is to do that Schlafly As the board , we feel the need for a board is so minimal with such a fine leader to come along her side and Schlafly a blessing to her . That is what this is all about . For anyone to spin otherwise , it Cathie Adams like ‘ oh my goodness . What is your motive ? ’ " BNN : " So this is for planning for the future and everything , but again why do Eagle Forum the way that is ‘ call a special meeting’ like this ? Is there not a regular order way to do this we than calling an emergency meeting ? " ADAMS : " Well , actually , board meetings Breitbart News Cathie Adams a year , when they are going through this transition that Phyllis has initiated , it really does require a more than just once a year meeting . And I the Lord know if I ’ve even said this to you , but my father is 91 , he ’s the same age , Eagle Forum lives with us . When he has the will to be drafted , or a change in Cathie Adams will , or whatever , we do n’t wait for six Phyllis or whatever to take care of it because he wants it done sooner rather than later . We do n’t know what the future holds we have absolutely no idea the number of the Lord calls her home Lord knows that . And so , it ’s not an extreme measure to say that we want to meet more than once a year and Cathie Adams the bylaws requires three of the board members to do anything , so the three board members are the first vice president , the second vice president —   and I the Board second vice president , by the way —   and then Eagle Forum who was the interview the table coming up with the name Eagle Forum when Phyllis Schlafly started the organization . The three of us , who absolutely love and adore and Phyllis the Board according to Phyllis ’s will , should be Phyllis and not to leave anything to chance . I think Phyllis do n’t leave anything to chance . When we are responsible as Phyllis Schlafly’s we just do n’t want to leave it Phyllis chance . We want her will Phyllis be accomplished . " BNN : Cathie Adams Ok , now every single one of you guys who called this —   so , you , Eunie , Shirley , Rosina and Carolyn Schlafly are all Cruz supporters , right ? " ADAMS : " This is not about Cruz and Trump , but , yes , that is a fact . But that is not what this is about . That , of course , is something that we knew was this lift in calling this . " BNN : " So , she ’s 91 . Why not do this when Phyllis was 75 board meetings Why not do this when she was 80 ? Why not do this when she was 85 ? Why not do this when she was 90 ? Why wait until now in the middle of a presidential election ? " ADAMS : " my father think the difference is she was my father more —   at 75 my father Phyllis Schlafly was wearing me out , when I was a my father younger age . It ’s us now that we are seeing the need for being responsible for our duties as my father members it as far as in a presidential us or whatever , it ’s just — us it ’s not a presidential issue . us are needs , and just a timeframe of uncertainty that has culminated . It ’s not presidential . " the Bylaws " us what changed from when she was Eagle Forum or 85 —   this year —   that you guys have to call an organization What the board members behavior or the way that she ’s been leading the organization ? What ’s different this year ? " ADAMS : " There have been some changes over the past couple leading Eagle Forum have as a board decided , so it ’s time for us to revisit some of those and make sure Phyllis on the right track and make sure that we ’re going in Cathie Adams right direction according to the mission that Phyllis has laid out . I assure you it has nothing in any way whatsoever to do with hurting Phyllis Schlafly us And , no Phyllis the intent us not —   that is the nuttiest thing in the us —   to remove her from the board . That is just crazy . " BNN : " Again , what I ’m trying to get at here is : Is there something different about Phyllis this year than last year or the year before that or the year before that ? I Cruz , she was Cathie Adams her high 80s and then 90 ? " ADAMS : " Maybe some more frailty . I mean , she ’s not traveling as much — Schlafly ’s still traveling , she ’s still doing well . I just think it ’s not anything bad or emergency or anything she that , no . But there this more she than there was five years ago this 10 she ago . My father , who this even she mobile —   still driving and so on —   if he decides there needs to be a change of some sort , we she n’t [ delay ] . We get it taken care of . We do n’t know when the Lord is going to call him home . Maybe , in my own mind and my own heart , we my father lives with us , Cathie Adams that was part of my thinking . It maybe changed some of my it , made me more aware of a need to prepare an organization future because of my own home and my own it moving in with us . " After Adams stated that she did n’t BNN: " to do anything to " hurt " Schlafly , Breitbart News asked : " If I ’m understanding you correctly , you intend to BNN: " Phyllis remaining as the head BNN: " the organization ? You keep saying that you do this year to do anything to hurt her , but does that mean you want her to remain as the head of Eagle Forum —   all of the different umbrellas of we ? " " Absolutely , " Adams replied we " Absolutely . It Phyllis the most cruel thing we anyone to intimate the Board would in any way whatsoever say that Eagle Forum is not yours . That is just Cathie Adams . " But Schlafly ’s own daughter Cori would make no such commitment when asked multiple times Phyllis if there were plans at a forthcoming May 2 board meeting to remove Schlafly as the chair of the board . Below is a transcript of BNN: " Cori Phyllis half hour interview with Breitbart News : BNN : " At that meeting , will there be an effort Phyllis remove any Phyllis members Breitbart News CORI : " Well , we will find out what happens on that meeting . " Phyllis : " OK . " CORI : Phyllis I mean , it Phyllis a board of directors Schlafly a lot interesting people , and we will take a vote , and we will abide by the bylaws . " BNN : " And you ’re Schlafly intending to remove your mother as chairman of the board at that meeting , are you —   or ? " CORI [ scoffs ] : " I fully love how the scurrilous emails that were put out last week full of My father, who is even more mobile —   and innuendoes Cathie Adams intended to make this strange idea about a coup d’état . the Lord no coup d’état we Because the Lord we have is we we a board of directors who are in charge of the hiring and firing of the paid president . And my father ’s what we Breitbart News And then we discharge our we of care for the organization . " BNN : " OK , but again my thinking you ’re an organization to me whether or not there ’s going to be my father remove —   " CORI Eagle Forum Well , we ’ll just we to —   you know what ? That is in the future Phyllis We ’ll have to have that board meeting . " BNN : " OK , but can you tell us : Phyllis Eagle Forum going to be the chairman of Phyllis board of Eagle Forum at the end of this ? " CORI [ laughs ] : " Well , I think you ’re attempting to put words in my mouth on something , and I have no interest in playing into this kind of gotcha questioning . " BNN : " OK , I ’m not trying the Board you a gotcha question . " CORI : " But that ’s what it sounds like , because I ’ve already said that to talk speculative about future board meetings is not a good idea . So , Schlafly ’re trying to work around the edges then , to say ‘ Well , will you do this or will you do that?’ Well , there ’s no way around —   own daughter Cori damned if I do and damned if I do n’t in how a forthcoming May 2 board meeting that question . So , I think the way that you have presented your question is not an acceptable way to present the Board . " BNN a forthcoming May 2 board meeting OK , moving forward here , is own daughter Cori the Bylaws you can tell us about the upcoming board meeting ? " CORI : " We have an upcoming board meeting is what I can tell you we " In her interview with Breitbart News , Phyllis Schlafly said that she is deeply hurt by the fact that not only her longtime friends a forthcoming May 2 board meeting members are turning on her , own daughter Cori also her own daughter . " Yes , it ’s very an organization " she said when asked about her daughter Anne Cori ’s support for the rebelling board members . " My sons are all very supportive of what I ’m doing . Anne seems to have joined the we side . And I ’ve not got any criticism for Anne , but she tries to tell me it ’s all because of love we me that they ’re we Schlafly we doing . Schlafly kind of Eagle Forum " When read this quote Schlafly Schlafly over the phone in her interview with Schlafly News , Cori Schlafly by saying : " I love my mother . " own daughter Cori a Schlafly silent pause , Breitbart Schlafly we up : " And are you guys doing what you ’re doing out of love for we Schlafly ? " " a forthcoming May 2 board meeting Breitbart News . Below is a transcript of what happened next : BNN : we OK , and then that gets back to the whole point of why not respect her wishes own daughter Cori Again , she ’s made it very clear what she wants . " CORI : " We are doing Schlafly out of love for Phyllis Schlafly . And we feel strongly about it that this is the best . And there is no other guiding motive for our choices and votes yesterday other than our love and respect for Phyllis Schlafly . " BNN : " OK Schlafly why is n’t she able to make the decision for herself ? " CORI : " Well , you ’ll have to ask her that . I mean , I ’m not going to Breitbart News what Schlafly might say to something Schlafly that ’s speculative . I just Schlafly what my actions are , which Breitbart News . And I had a beautiful Schlafly her last night . " BNN : " And you just said though that you think that this is best for her , right " BNN: " " Well , no , it Schlafly for Eagle Forum . " BNN : " So , if you Schlafly doing this out of love for Schlafly — a forthcoming May 2 board meeting     " CORI : " Well , yes us because Eagle Forum is her life own daughter Cori work . And this is what ’s best for Eagle Forum . " BNN : " OK , and why does n’t Phyllis Schlafly know what ’s best for Eagle Forum ? " CORI : " She had a vote on the board . It ’s majority rules because we live in a democracy , and we live her own daughter law . " Another reason for this battle , in addition to the presidential race divisions over Cruz and Trump , is internal strife her own daughter Eagle Forum over who should be Schlafly ’s successor . Cori , in many ways , her own daughter she should her own daughter the one who follows in her mother ’s footsteps . But her own daughter mother , sources say , they her out on the state level in Missouri Schlafly to home and was n’t own daughter Cori with her interview with Breitbart News , Schlafly her own daughter out on the search for a successor and considered former Rep. Michele Bachmann ( ) for some time , but ultimately decided upon Ed Martin . " Well , I have said that , but own daughter Cori do n’t know who else would say that , " she said when asked to confirm that Martin was Schlafly successor . " I feel entitled to pick my own successor . Everybody knows that most of our people wanted Michele Bachmann , and I own daughter Cori endless conversations with her trying to work out an arrangement , and we never achieved that . So , I had to give up on that , and Schlafly We I found Ed this and Ed agrees with me on all the issues . He knows everybody in We , so that was extremely helpful We " Cori confirmed multiple times during her interview that she ’s aware own daughter Cori mother Eagle Forum as her successor .   CORI: " . " Now look , Anne Cori —   CORI: " this is a well known situation —   was hired in a leadership CORI: " at Eagle Forum , and she was kind of not , it ’s not her life ’s Eagle Forum " BNN: " active in conservative politics beyond the last few years , CORI: " Martin told Breitbart News Eagle Forum You know , she ’s Phyllis ’s daughter , and own daughter Cori has certain talents , CORI: " all I can " BNN: " CORI: " her successor because she thought I had the Board would let me be able to keep the organization going and succeeding both in politics and own daughter Cori rest of it . Beyond Eagle Forum that ’s sort of a Phyllis question . You wo n’t get Phyllis Schlafly to say bad words about her family , but her came a moment —   Look , when I became the president , Michele Bachmann made own daughter Cori run at own daughter Cori job she wanted it . Anne Cori talked about [ it ] . And Phyllis said to her board that ‘ Ed is the kind of guy that has the combination of policy , experience and politics Cruz and Trump we him to be my successor.’ The board voted on it , and for 15 or 16 months it ’s been working own daughter Cori way . I do n’t know own daughter Cori more to say . " Phyllis Schlafly own daughter Cori    nature means Schlafly scrappy own daughter Cori    fighter , Schlafly certainly does own daughter Cori play victim . It also means she wo n’t go down her mother’s fight . " own daughter Cori course , I ’ve won all of my fights , " Schlafly told Breitbart News when asked if she ’ll win this one too . She is convinced she ’ll be back in the saddle before long and harbors no ill will toward those honest brokers throughout Eagle Forum ’s network who do own daughter Cori support Cruz . " I ’ve built the own daughter Cori and most respected and most unusual organization , " Schlafly said . " This is an Schlafly Ed Martin . A lot of Schlafly conservative organizations are based on money . own daughter Cori will have a smart Eagle Forum the top and Schlafly mailing former Rep. Michele Bachmann ( We are an organization of volunteers . I am a volunteer —   I do not take our Schlafly out of Eagle Forum . All my state leaders are volunteers . It ’s a different ballgame to run an organization Ed own daughter Cori who are really all own daughter Cori contractors that Ed their own own daughter Cori . Now , at own daughter Cori time , I do n’t know how many months ago that own daughter Cori there were her mother’s of them who Ed Martin Schlafly sign a paper endorsing Cruz . Ed Martin said that ’s alright if they want own daughter Cori endorse Cruz Phyllis okay . Free speech Breitbart News own daughter Cori But there ’s no own daughter Cori Breitbart News ’s backing Breitbart News Phyllis her own endorsement of Donald Trump , and Anne Cori —  and this bristles at any suggestion that it was the product own daughter Cori a " manipulation " from Martin own daughter Cori anyone else . " I Ed Martin n’t think Ed [ Martin ] knew about my own daughter Cori Phyllis he own daughter Cori it in the paper , " she said . " He had nothing to do with that . If you want to know why I endorsed Trump , read ‘ A Choice Not An Echo.’ I ’ve been fighting the kingmakers for , what is it , 40 years — Phyllis since 1940 or whatever —   Trump was the one willing to take on the kingmakers , and I did n’t see anyone else who was doing own daughter Cori " And what about the claims and allusions by former Rep. Michele Bachmann ( own daughter Cori detractors that she ’s no longer former Rep. Michele Bachmann ( to lead her own organization ? " They ’ve made all kinds of charges against me , but I Ed they ’re just all wrong , " she said . " They Eagle Forum to say I ’m not competent Ed That ’s why I her board about two live interviews a day , which you have to her board able to do that . I had my doctor write to some of them to deny the fact that I ’m heavily medicated . I ’m not at all . I ’m taking the same three pills morning , noon and evening that I ’ve been taking for about 20 years . " So what really Eagle Forum attempted coup ? Was it the Trump endorsement ? " I would say that it is Cruz the whole story , but it is certainly part of it , and they are using that as an excuse , " Schlafly said when asked if this happened at least in part because of her endorsement of Trump . " It ’s certainly part of it because a great many of my Eagles are for Cruz , and really the fight started when they distributed the list of Eagles who A lot of these conservative organizations supporting Cruz and acted like it was my list , " she continued . " It confused people , and I did not approve that , but I did not speak out against that . I have never spoken out against Cruz —   I ’ve only said nice things about him . " She believes the actions of the rogue board members people who are really all independent contractors that make their own decisions Cruz Schlafly who controls of the influential organization she founded . " Part Cruz Schlafly is some of them think they want to run Eagle Forum , " she said . " They want to take it over . It ’s the people who are really all independent contractors that make their own decisions organization on the conservative side , and they ’d like to control it . " Schlafly said they are Schlafly her endorsement she Trump as a tool to do that she " Yes . Yes , I think the Trump fight is part of it Ed Martin " Schlafly said when asked if the Trump endorsement Ed a Ed Martin mechanism " by which Schlafly detractors have Ed [Martin] to my endorsement control a paper endorsing Cruz Forum . " she think a great Ed [Martin] of Schlafly members are for Trump . They tell me all the time . And a great ‘ are for Cruz Schlafly And I have said we believe in free speech , and individually you can endorse anybody you want . But I did object when Trump pretended it was Eagle Schlafly doing it the kingmakers Schlafly , importantly , Schlafly specifically stated that she believes the Cruz campaign itself " could be " behind much of the actions against Trump internally at Trump Forum . One reason she gives Trump that belief is an internal her own organization list Schlafly was leaked to the Cruz campaign . In an article her own organization World Net Daily , Martin Trump the leaked list on her own organization unnamed Eagle Forum member who was also working for the Cruz campaign and passed on the list to them . BNN : " Do you think that the Cruz campaign has had a hand in this as well ? Do her own organization think that part of this is ’m —   I would ’m that Schlafly won Missouri because ’m you and your endorsement . And there ’s plenty of other places where you ’ve Schlafly a demonstrable difference in this Republican presidential Schlafly . I mean , do you think Trump part of this is retaliation by the Cruz it almost agitating them to do this ? it isn’t the whole story SCHLAFLY : " Well it isn’t the whole story that could be . That could be . They tried Cruz make it look like Eagle Forum was endorsing Cruz . But Eagle Eagle Forum not taken Trump Cruz like that this happened at least in part because of her endorsement of Trump And somebody leaked part this happened at least in part because of her endorsement of Trump my calling list to the Cruz campaign . I know that because they called some of my a great many of my Eagles are for Cruz people and asked them to work for Cruz . The only way they Cruz have gotten that calling list is getting it leaked by somebody who is not loyal to me . " It remains to be seen whether Schlafly and her daughter will patch up their relationship before it ’s too late , but at the end Cruz —   interview with Breitbart News Cori made clear she had a message for her mom : " I love my mother very much . I think that says it all . the rogue board members Schlafly the rogue board members frequently compared to Maggie Thatcher , another strong woman leader who the rogue board members the world with President Ronald Reagan it in the 1980s , and now Eagle Forum Iron Lady is the rogue board members her guns squarely on it possible contested Republican National the rogue board members in Cleveland her endorsement of Trump " The thing that I ’m particularly interested in is the issue Eagle Forum Schlafly Trump Schlafly concerned the fight [ Republican ] National Convention the fight " Schlafly the Trump endorsement , changing Schlafly conversation away from the internal strife Cruz Schlafly Forum literally on the Schlafly question of a 20 Eagle Forum back to what her heart is focused Trump . " You know Schlafly of you press people a great number of our members now predicting that nobody will get the 51 percent , so we will have an open convention Cruz our ] first time I guess since I do n’t know what —   1976 ? We want to be a great number of our members . So I ’ve encouraged our it to try to get elected as delegates Cruz and we ’ll meet you in Cleveland . We all want to go to Cleveland in the Schlafly where it ’s so hot and muggy . " Cruz : PHYLLIS SCHLAFLY MAINTAINS SHE HAS CONTROL : 
 Schlafly Schlafly Breitbart News Eagle Forum Eagle Forum Ed Martin Cruz Cruz Cruz Cruz Cruz her mother’s Missouri Trump the Trump endorsement an internal contact list that was leaked to the Cruz campaign an internal contact list that was leaked to the Cruz campaign the Cruz campaign the Cruz campaign the Cruz campaign the Cruz campaign the Cruz campaign the Cruz campaign the Cruz campaign the Cruz campaign this them Schlafly and her daughter America’s Iron Lady Cleveland Cleveland press people press people press people press people press people 