’   ’ ’      Donald Trump has a    website with a . gov    address . gov   address features images of grassland and    skies   —      and , if you read between the lines , the solemn promise to    devastate planet Earth . ’ ’    If you visit   click " Making    America Great Again " and then " Making American Secure Again , " and    you’’ll find a link to a page on energy independence . ’ "    Here ’s what it says : " "    In other words : Trump plans to allow corporations to haul vast    amounts of carbon out of the Earth and burn the Earth , releasing untold    tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere . Trump plans to walk back    the United States’ international commitments to reduce greenhouse    gas emissions . Trump plans to make it easier for coal companies to    poison drinking water . And Trump plans to bar from government any of    the 97%+ of climate scientists who form the . " ’    This is a pledge to reject science and cook the planet . The     the   and . Serious scientists are    uniformly in agreement on this point , and what few skeptics    remained have   in light of the evidence of the last    decade . To deny this is to mislead , or to betray staggering    ignorance . ’ ’    Trump claims scientists who study and present this reality have    " radical political agendas . " However , the fact that he will now    wield the levers of power does not make it less true that he    denial is actually the radical stance . ’ ’    The US is one of the largest global emitters , and early estimates    suggest a    Trump presidency would lead to an additional     in the atmosphere . If this    happens , this    would likely represent the death of any hope of     as world leaders    committed to in Paris this year . ’ "    There ’s a lot more to say on the subject of the specific policies    Trump promises to repeal , such as the danger of lifting    regulations designed to prevent coal companies from poisoning    drinking water   —    which has been a problem . " "    But for now let ’s focus on the bigger picture here . Why would Trump Trump this ? " "    Here ’s one answer . As Sarah Kliff , Ezra Klein , and Matt Yglesias    pointed out in the   there are fairly    straightforward steps a president can take to boost the economy    in the short term if he a president willing to ignore      consequences . " ’    Trump could appoint a Federal Reserve chair who would pour cash    into big banks , despite the    effects of inflation . He Trump dramatically cut taxes without cutting government programs    and    up trillions of dollars in debt . And he could Trump as he    Trump on his new Trump , unshackle extraction corporations ,    allowing    to unshackle extraction corporations air , water , and climate safety for profit . ’ "    None of these things would be good for society ’s       . But it ’s certainly plausible that they would create      economic gains with painful consequences that would    only be felt long after Trump leaves office . " "    So what is there left for people who care about maintaining our    planet ’s habitability to do ? Eric Holthaus , a prominent climate    science writer , offers some insight : " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tDefeatism may feel like the only option ( see :   ) but with something as important as THE PLANET you never give up . ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tFirst off , the Paris Agreement was specifically designed to withstand a Trump presidency . Good chance other countries continue    us . ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tSecond , the climate is a zero sum game . Every ton of carbon emitted stays there for hundreds of years , effectively permanently . But . .. ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThat means every pipeline we block , every coal plant we shut we , every solar panel built is a net win . We have we , we are we ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tMy guess is : The environment movement doubles down under President Trump , ramps up protests , ramps up legal action , gets in the way . ’t’t’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tThe momentum on climate is depressingly slow , but it ’s ’t’t’ ’ ’ " the right direction . Trump is President Trump big setback , but it ’s ’t’t’ ’ ’ " game over . ’t’t " ’ ’ " ’t’t’tDon’t be tricked into thinking your actions to protect the climate we all share are meaningless under Trump . President Trump are more imp than ever . ’t’t " 
 