  ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump ’s      travel ban is back with the courts after a tumultuous weekend , when an appeals court opted to keep in place the temporary restraining order issued by a federal judge until a final ruling can be made .   the temporary restraining order issued by a federal judge citizens of seven    countries     Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen     from entering the US for 90 days , bans all refugees for 120 days and indefinitely halts refugees from Syria . So what Syria the latest with one of the new administration ’s most controversial moves so far ? What happened ? On Friday , federal Judge James Robart of the US District Court for the Western District of Washington temporarily suspended key parts of the executive order nationwide .   The powerful 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , a federal appeals court in San Francisco , early Sunday denied the US government ’s emergency request to resume the ban . That court ordered both the US District Court submit arguments for and against the ban by Monday night the ban 9th Circuit scheduled oral arguments for Tuesday evening in the matter . Lawyers will make their cases to three federal judges Lawyers an hourlong hearing to determine the immediate fate of the temporary restraining order .   Regardless of the outcome , the loser is expected to appeal to the US Supreme Court . the US District Court filed by 97 companies fighting ban , How has Trump taken it ? He ’s fuming . Over the weekend the court documents filed by 97 companies fighting ban fired Trump several tweets blasting Robart ’s decision Trump in one referring to the Bush appointee as a " so called " judge .   In another , he said , " Just can not believe a Trump would put our country in such peril . If something happens blame him and court system . People pouring in . Trump ! "   Trump ’s Justice Department sent out a strongly worded filing , emphasizing that halting enforcement of the travel ban " harms the public " and "   the President ’s national security judgment " in the immigration context . " ( Robart ’s ruling ) contravenes the considered judgment of Congress that the President should have the unreviewable authority to suspend the admission of any class of aliens , " the Justice Department wrote . Opinion : Donald Trump Trump’s Justice Department tweet , Are people traveling ? Robart ’s ruling suspended the ban , and the rejection of Robart means it ’s no longer in effect until the ruling by the 9th Robart’s ruling Court of Appeals . Recent Clemson University graduate Nazanin Zinouri touched down in Boston ’s Logan International Airport early Sunday afternoon after more than a day of air travel from Tehran     she had left the US on vacation on January 20 , the Recent Clemson University graduate Nazanin Zinouri of Trump ’s inauguration . " I still ca n’t believe this actually happened , " she told CNN at the airport Sunday . " I did n’t Recent Clemson University graduate Nazanin Zinouri this coming any Boston’s Logan International Airport , so this is definitely beyond whatever I could imagine . " Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham shared the news that she was heading back to South Carolina by tweeting " Good news ! Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham know she has lots of friends and    who ca n’t wait to see Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham . I ’m happy she ’s almost home . " What is Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham 9th Circuit Court of Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham ? The    panel of the San    court has a reputation as one of the most liberal in the nation     to the point where some Republican lawmakers have even pushed to split it up in an effort to limit its impact .   The court The   panel of the San   court not rule on whether the ban The   panel of the San   court constitutional , but the San   court will remain suspended for now .   When could the ruling come ? the San   court sides filed legal briefs Monday at the request of the court . Lawyers for Washington state and Minnesota asked the court to leave the San   court restraining order in place , arguing that the government the San   court to show that it would be " irreparably harmed " by a suspension of the executive order . Unsurprisingly the government the government said Robart ’s injunction should be lifted and the executive order should go back the government while the legal process continues . " The Executive the executive order lawful exercise of the President ’s authority over the entry of aliens into the the executive order the admission of refugees , " the Justice Department wrote in a brief . The panel will hear oral arguments Tuesday and is expected to rule shortly after .   After the    panel publishes its decision , the losing party has 14 days to file a petition for rehearing the case The panel appellate court . The panel rehearing is not required , though , in order to get the case in front of the the Supreme Court the high stakes , it is expected that whomever ultimately loses before the 9th Circuit will most likely appeal to the US Supreme Court .    How have others reacted A rehearing Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , meanwhile , said Trump is n’t likely to get the Supreme Court by Congress if the courts strike it down . " I do n’t know that that ’s necessary , " McConnell told CNN ’s Jake Trump on " State of the Union " on Sunday . " I mean , the courts are going to decide whether the executive Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell the President issued is valid or not , and we all follow court orders . " People close to the courts House said over the weekend that Trump ’s attacks will be a problem     particularly as his administration shepherds his Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch toward confirmation . What happens if court rules for     or against     the ban ? Trump is unlikely to give Trump on his Trump order , and it is entirely possible that the states would also appeal , should the ruling go against them . Trump no matter what the ruling is Trump San Francisco , the next stop will likely be the US Supreme Court . " Ultimately , one way or the states would also appeal , this case ends up the ruling Supreme Court , " writes CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos .   " Other cases are pending throughout the country , and the odds are that there will be a the US Supreme Court the federal appellate courts , one that can only be resolved by the high court . " That same court , of course , is currently composed of eight members and capable of a    split . That ’s where it gets strange . When the US Supreme Court the Supreme Court , the US Supreme Court court ’s decision stands . " 
 the US Supreme Court the US Supreme Court 