  ( CNN ) Donald Trump cut Donald Trump routine $ 2 million monthly check to Donald Trump campaign last September after repeatedly suggesting that Donald Trump would increase Donald Trump donations during the campaign ’s stretch run . Donald Trump campaign , along with Republican joint fundraising committees , said it Donald Trump $ 100 million last month , more than it Donald Trump in any previous month though well short of the $ 154 million Hillary Clinton ’s operation took in . But Trump     who largely closed a polling gap with Clinton Hillary Clinton’s much of September     did not give more to his Trump    who largely closed a polling gap with Clinton during much of September     than he Trump    who largely closed a polling gap with Clinton during much of September     in previous months despite being pressured to invest more of his Trump    who largely closed a polling gap with Clinton during much of September     . His his campaign not specify how much of the money was raised by his Trump    who largely closed a polling gap with Clinton during much of September     versus the committees , which must split proceeds with the Republican National Committee and more than 20 state parties . Meanwhile , a new fundraising report filed Saturday night found few Republican heavyweight donors cut major checks to Trump ’s campaign during the summer months . Trump Victory , his    Trump Victory group , raised $ 61 . 3 million for Trump ’s Trump’s the Republican Party between July and September . And very few of the GOP ’s most prominent financial backeres can be found listed on the report , a concrete sign of just how much the GOP ’s donor class has spurned him . Some Trump Victory billionaires did pony up : The most generous GOP donor in GOP country , Sheldon Adelson and his wife Miriam Sheldon Adelson donated $ 10 million to a    super PAC , Future45 , in September , $ 5 million more than had been expected . The group   —    expected to be one of the leading Trump advertisers in television during the homestretch   —     raised a total of $ 12 . 3 million , thanks to smaller donations from GOP megadonors Joe Ricketts and Joe Craft . A second Trump super PAC Trump Rebuilding America Now , posted disappointing totals , but revealed a few more GOP donors willing GOP cut checks . The group   —    which has repeatedly claimed massive amount in pledges from donors   —    raised only $ 18 million between July and September . Almost    of that money came from two    Trump financiers : Bernie Marcus , the founder of Home Depot , who gave the super PAC $ 5 million , and Linda McMahon , the former Senate candidate in Connecticut , who gave the group $ The group  —   which has repeatedly claimed massive amount in pledges from donors  —    . Trailing Clinton in cash , Trump entered the final   Trump of the campaign trailing Clinton in the cash Clinton by $ 75 million , a wider margin than he trailed at the   Trump of August . His campaign and committees   Trump they had $ 75 His campaign and committees on hand as of September 30 Clinton ’s campaign and Clinton $ 152 million . The Trump and Clinton campaigns Clinton’s campaign and committees description of their financial position when they file monthly reports with Clinton’s campaign and committees Federal Election Commission Clinton’s campaign and committees week .   Trump ’s ability to raise money online has largely Trump for his poor relationship with traditional Republican    donors , who Trump largely spurned him for the entire campaign , though he did win Trump few marquee names over in the Trump of September . And the campaign on Saturday attributed Trump ’s haul to those    givers . Shortly after Trump the GOP nominee , Trump slowed down his contributions Trump his campaign to typically $ Trump million a Trump after having Trump more during his primary campaign . But at rallies and fundraisers in recent Trump , Trump has repeatedly said he would contribute more than $ 100 Trump to his campaign Trump the end , leading to speculation that he his campaign over a major gift during September . For Trump ’s statement to become true , he would now have Trump contribute more than $ 40 million Trump the final five weeks of the general election .   " I have developed some tremendous friendships , " Trump joked at a Dallas fundraiser earlier this month . " Trump ’m going to have to spend $ 100 million to do that . " One other committee posting its report Saturday : the Paul    Congressional Leadership Fund , which that a historic haul of $ 31 million thanks to $ 20 million from casino magnate Sheldon Adelson and his wife , Miriam . 
 Sheldon Adelson 