’   ’ ’    Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump are expected to divest from    " substantial assets " in Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump businesses as the former accepts a    job in    Donald Trump’ ’s White House administration ,     on Monday ,    citing transition officials .   ’ ’    The AP also reported that Ivanka will not be taking a job in the    administration . ’ ’    The news came shortly before Kushner was formally announced    as a senior adviser to the   . Kushner will focus on    domestic and foreign policy , particularly on issues related to    the Middle East and international trade . ’ ’    Kushner’ ’s appointment could be challenged by a 1967      law meant to bar officials from hiring relatives ,    but a Kushner lawyer , Jamie Gorelick , said    does not apply to    the White House , citing a later congressional authorization that    gives the president " unfettered " and " sweeping " ability to hire    in the Executive Branch . ’ ’    Kushner was expected to resign as CEO of Kushner family’ ’s real estate    company and as publisher of the New York Observer , as well as    divest from " substantial assets " Kushner holds , Gorelick said .     Kushner will not be taking a salary in Kushner new West Wing job . ’ ’’ ’    In addition to not taking a formal White House job , Ivanka will    leave Ivanka executive role in the Trump Organization and in Ivanka    fashion brands , officials said on a conference call with    reporters , according to multiple reports . A Trump transition    spokesman did not immediately return a request for comment from    Business Insider . ’ ’    Both Ivanka and Kushner were exepcted to divest from all    common stock . Ivanka will now receive a series of fixed payments    from a pool of projects , . ’ ’    Trump called Kushner a " tremendous asset " and " trusted adviser "    in a statement announcing Trump appointment . ’ ’    " I am proud to have Trump in a key leadership role in my    administration , " Trump said . " Trump has been incredibly successful ,    in both business and now politics . Trump will be an invaluable    member of my team as I set and execute an ambitious agenda ,    putting the American people first . " ’ 
 