TEL AVIV   —    Bill Clinton rape accuser Juanita Broaddrick has said that NBC News correspondent Andrea Mitchell told Juanita Broaddrick by phone that the network would not conduct a new interview with Juanita Broaddrick " because you have nothing new to add " since Juanita Broaddrick first went public in an NBC interview in 1999 . [ Let ’s put aside the awkwardness of NBC News correspondent Andrea Mitchell judging the newsworthiness of the recently rehashed and newsmaking accusations based on whether there is anything " new " about a rape that allegedly transpired in 1978 . In dismissing Juanita Broaddrick ’s freshly relevant narrative now that Hillary is running for office and Hillary is accused of attempting to silence Bill ’s accusers ) NBC News correspondent Andrea Mitchell actually missed several major " new " details about Juanita Broaddrick ’s dealings with Bill and Hillary Clinton .   I ’m intimately familiar with several major "new" details about Broaddrick because each one was disclosed in numerous interviews with Juanita Broaddrick on my weekend talk radio program and right here at Breitbart News . Juanita Broaddrick speaks volumes about the sorry state of affairs of the news media today that it takes a reporter based 5 , 000 miles away in Tel Aviv to conduct these interviews and to provide a forum for Juanita Broaddrick to first go public after nearly a decade of silence . This while the New York Times spent six weeks conducting 50 interviews probing Donald Trump ’s alleged past treatment of women while largely ignoring the far more serious accusations against both Bill and Hillary . In January , after Juanita Broaddrick returned to the headlines , an NBC spokesperson stated the network pursued an interview with Juanita Broaddrick , but decided against it the network determining there was nothing " new . " " When Juanita Broaddrick went public last week , NBC News sent an associate producer to Arkansas to see if there was anything new in her Juanita Broaddrick . We established there was not , and decided not to pursue it any further , " the NBC an NBC spokesperson So I dedicate this list of " new " details about Broaddrick Juanita Broaddrick to NBC News in general and NBC News intrepid investigative reporter Mitchell , including one troubling tidbit involving NBC News itself .   None NBC News details were covered in NBC ’s "new" details about Broaddrick’s story to NBC News in general and to fellow intrepid investigative reporter Mitchell, including one troubling tidbit involving NBC News itself Dateline " interview with Broaddrick in Juanita Broaddrick indeed , Broaddrick says Juanita Broaddrick one of the accusations below was scrubbed from that very interview . 1   —    Broaddrick says Juanita Broaddrick repeatedly called her after Juanita Broaddrick alleged rape . In January , Broaddrick told Juanita Broaddrick that within a few weeks after Clinton allegedly raped her , he started to call her repeatedly Clinton the Clinton of meeting again Clinton " I was shocked to say the least that he would have the audacity to call me Clinton what he did to me , " Broaddrick said Clinton She said Juanita Broaddrick just a few weeks after the 1978 alleged sexual assault , " He called the nursing home that I owned Clinton they patched the call through to my office and I did n’t know that it was him . And he immediately said , ‘ Clinton , this Clinton Bill Clinton . I was just wondering when you were coming back to Little Rock again.’ " This just caught me so off guard . I had not expected anything like this at all . And I told him I would not be coming back to Bill Clinton Rock again and definitely would not ever be seeing him again . And I hung up . Bill Clinton But that was n’t the end of it . Broaddrick recalled that Clinton , at the time the attorney general Bill Clinton Arkansas and candidate for governor , called the nursing home where she worked on numerous occasions over the next Broaddrick months . And you would think that would have been the end of it . But it was the end of it or three weeks later , I was in a meeting and my administrator came into the meeting and she said , " You are wanted on a meeting . Broaddrick And she said it was Mr. Clinton . And I told her Broaddrick I said , " please tell him I ’m Broaddrick here . " She was n’t aware of Mr. Clinton had happened to me . Broaddrick were the nurses . The two directors of nursings [ sic ] were the only two who had known what he had done to me . So she was n’t aware , Mr. Clinton she was very me off Broaddrick why I would n’t speak Broaddrick him . And I went into her office later and I said Mr. Clinton there are ever any Broaddrick calls from him , I ca n’t explain but I do not want to Mr. Clinton any phone calls from him .   Whenever he calls please tell him that I ’m Mr. Clinton here . And Mr. Clinton it happened a Mr. Clinton of more times . The board secretary answered the phone . And she said , " Mr. Clinton is on the phone . Broaddrick And I just looked at her and I the phone tell him that I ’m not Broaddrick . And I think there was Mr. Clinton a I’m not here or five calls within a    period after the assault . And I think he finally figured out I was n’t going to talk to him Mr. Clinton . Broaddrick was asked what she thought Clinton wanted from Mr. Clinton . She replied : " I think he thought , Broaddrick this Mr. Clinton just a Broaddrick occurrence Broaddrick I probably was with him Broaddrick I am wondering whether I can get with this woman again . I was Broaddrick to say the least that he would have the Broaddrick call me after what he did Mr. Clinton me . " 2   —    Broaddrick says Mr. Clinton tried to silence her . This is a serious and newsworthy accusation against the Broaddrick Party Broaddrick frontrunner for president Broaddrick Three weeks after the incident , Broaddrick says she was still in a state of shock and denial about what she said had Broaddrick . Broaddrick said she attended a private Clinton fundraiser at the home of Broaddrick local dentist , where Broaddrick had Broaddrick encounter with the Clintons and was directly approached by Hillary . Broaddrick said a Broaddrick of hers who had driven the Clintons to the fundraiser from a local Broaddrick informed her that " Broaddrick whole conversation was the Clintons coming from the airport . Mostly from Mrs. Broaddrick . " She recalled : " And so then about that a local airport I see them coming through the Broaddrick area . And some people there are pointing to me . He goes one Mostly from Mrs. Clinton and she comes directly to me . Then panic sort of Broaddrick to set in with me . Broaddrick I thought , Broaddrick Oh my God , what do I do now ? Broaddrick " Broaddrick told me that Hillary approached her " and said ‘ It ’s so nice to meet you’ and all of the niceties she was Hillary to say at the time . " " And said , ‘ I just want you Hillary know how much Bill and I appreciate the things you do for him.’ And I just stood there , Aaron Broaddrick I was sort of you might say   . " " And she said , ‘ Do you understand ? Everything you do . ’’ ’ " She tried to take Hillary hold of my hand and I left . I told the girls I ca Hillary take this . I ’m leaving . So I immediately left . " Broaddrick said that " what really went through my mind at that time is ‘ She knows . She knew . She ’s covering it up and she expects me to do the very Hillary thing . Hillary " 3 Hillary —    Broaddrick says NBC Hillary the bombshell charge that Hillary tried to silence her . When Broaddrick originally broke her Broaddrick by speaking to NBC ’s Dateline in 1999 , Clinton ’s Hillary accuser says Broaddrick told the Hillary ’s reporter , Lisa NBC , on camera that she believed Hillary tried to silence Clinton . In January , Broaddrick recalled to me that during the    Clinton , Clinton began to tell Clinton about the personal meeting with Hillary described above in which , Broaddrick believes , Clinton future First Lady strongly implied the alleged rape victim Clinton to stay silent about her Broaddrick experience . Broaddrick says that an NBC staffer present for the 1999 filming rushed in front of Clinton camera , interrupted Broaddrick prerecorded session , and declared that the allegations against Hillary could not be included in the interview . She charges that NBC went so far as to    Clinton portion of the interview , with Myers asking Clinton same question NBC and Broaddrick sidestepping the Hillary meeting in the new the interview " We were sitting on my couch , " Broaddrick recalled of Clinton interview . " All the cameras were behind me . She asked some question about whether Broaddrick was intimidated the interview by anyone , and I started right in Clinton the meeting with Hillary while we were filming the interview . " And almost as soon as I started to explain the Hillary meeting staffers , I believe the interview a producer , came rushing in and said , ‘ No , no . We ca n’t go there . ’ " Broaddrick said Myers    the question for the camera and the following exchange , which made the final cut , took place : Lisa Myers : Did Bill Clinton or anyone near him ever threaten you , try to intimidate you , do anything to keep you silent Myers    Broaddrick : No . Myers : This has Bill Clinton strictly your choice . Broaddrick : Yes . Broaddrick , inexperienced in media relations , Broaddrick Breitbart News why she gave Myers    altered answer the second time around . Broaddrick I did n’t Broaddrick interviews before and I ’m not a lawyer . I thought from Breitbart News sound of what the NBC staffer was saying that there was some legal reason why we could n’t talk about Hillary and that we just could n’t go there for legal reasons . " When the story Broaddrick in January , NBC News did not provide Breitbart January NBC News statement we Broaddrick ’s Juanita Broaddrick being given five business days to do so . It has yet to reply to that request for comment Breitbart News filming the 1999 interview , NBC waited 35 days until finally airing the exclusive . The timeline is critical . The Senate voted to acquit Clinton NBC the impeachment case on Feb. 12 . NBC ’s interview , conducted January 20 , 1999 Mr. Clinton did not run until Feb. 24 , and the network placed NBC’s the    Grammy Awards . Some have questioned NBC ’s motivation in waiting to air Broaddrick ’s the network rape . " The    interval between tape and air NBC NBC’s of the legends of the impeachment process . Why did n’t the American public get to hear Mrs. Broaddrick before the Senate voted to acquit Mr. Clinton on Feb. 12 Broaddrick wrote Philip Weiss in the Observer in 1999 . Speaking in 1999 Mr. Clinton News vice president Bill Wheatley vehemently denied the NBC News The Senate interview until after the Senate vote . Feb. 12 NBC took the normal period of time for properly vetting stories . " the network no pressure from the White House the interview . NBC as some were claiming was there any pressure from The Senate or G. E. NBC News vice president Bill Wheatley    to kill the story , " said Wheatley . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and NBC investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow NBC News vice president Bill Wheatley on Breitbart @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook .  
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 