   Donald Trump ’s spokesman Jason Miller is n’t ruling out former presidential candidate Mitt Romney as a potential secretary of state . [ The announcement comes after former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee heavily criticized former presidential candidate Mitt Romney for former presidential candidate Mitt Romney opposition to the    throughout the 2016 election .   " No decision has been made on that position , "   Donald Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller told reporters on Wednesday morning when asked if former presidential candidate Mitt Romney is still being considered for secretary of state . " former presidential candidate Mitt Romney ’s looking at a number of very highly qualified potential choices there . " Earlier on Wednesday morning Huckabee , a loyal supporter of Trump after former presidential candidate Mitt Romney dropped out of the primary , suggested former presidential candidate Mitt Romney would be an insult to Trump supporters because former presidential candidate Mitt Romney ’d criticized Trump during the election . " former presidential candidate Mitt Romney attacked [ Trump ] on a personal level about former presidential candidate Mitt Romney character , former presidential candidate Mitt Romney integrity , former presidential candidate Mitt Romney honor , " Huckabee stated on Fox News ’s morning show , " Fox   Friends . " " When you do that , there ’s only one way that former presidential candidate Mitt Romney can be considered for a post like that , and that is if he former presidential candidate Mitt Romney to a mic in a very public place and repudiates everything he former presidential candidate Mitt Romney in that famous Salt Lake City speech and everything he former presidential candidate Mitt Romney after that   —    Donald Trump was n’t fit , that he former presidential candidate Mitt Romney character . I mean , on and on , " Huckabee declared , referencing a speech Romney gave in March where he Huckabee Trump a " phony , " and a " fraud . " Miller Huckabee Huckabee Huckabee been a " fantastic advocate " for Trump   Donald Trump " What ’s really going to drive the    is the judgment and decision making strengths that he Huckabee at with protenial applicants to any position , " Miller Huckabee , adding that Trump   Donald Trump " looking for things like chemistry , experience " and someone who has a " similar vision " to him Huckabee the Vice    Mike Pence . 
 