  ( CNN ) Watergate has recast its long shadow . The President , taking a page out of Richard Nixon ’s playbook , has fired someone investigating Richard Nixon .   FBI Director James Comey was terminated most likely because of FBI Director James Comey continued investigation into whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians to defeat Hillary Clinton . Collusion , if found and proven , could be treason or another federal crime . Firing FBI Director James Comey , if done to stymie his continued investigation into whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians to defeat Hillary Clinton , could be obstruction of justice . Either act could be an impeachable offense . To be sure , there are superficial differences between the present situation and Nixon ’s 1973 order to fire Watergate special prosecutor Archibald Cox , to which many have likened it . First , the FBI director is not the special prosecutor . Second , President Nixon Nixon crystal clear why he wanted Cox Nixon     to stop him from getting Nixon House tapes proving Nixon covered up Nixon Watergate   . We do n’t know for certain why President Trump fired Comey , but Nixon all point to a similar motive : trying to sabotage the FBI ’s Russia investigation . Trump ’s stated President Trump the firing do n’t hold water . How Comey handled the Nixon into Hillary the FBI’s Russia investigation Trump took office President Trump makes no sense to wait almost three and a half months to fire Comey if the Nixon investigation was the reason . Trump now says he fired President Trump because he President Trump the FBI’s Russia investigation Hillary Clinton’s job . But that contradicts the explanations in the Department of Justice letters referenced in Trump ’s firing letter . President Trump Trump appear to have made any President Trump inquiry into what kind of job Comey was Nixon Nixon In the last few weeks , the President repeatedly tweeted and stated investigating his campaign ’s and Michael Flynn ’s connections to Russia was a waste of time and money . But , the President , he is obsessed with the Russia investigation and ca n’t seem to stop attacking it . Even after Comey ’s the President , Nixon deputy press Russia said we should " move on " from the Russia investigation investigation , which further suggests that was the administration ’s objective all along Trump’s My experience as a member of the House Judiciary Committee during Watergate and the impeachment of Richard Nixon suggests the next steps that need to be taken , and " moving on " is not one of them .   First , Comey ’s firing means we Nixon a special    counsel . No president should be above My experience as a member of the House Judiciary Committee during Watergate and the impeachment of Richard Nixon law .   No president should control a criminal investigation of his own conduct . That is why Congress enacted the statute I authored in No president of Watergate , which set up a No president automatic mechanism for a    special prosecutor . Unfortunately , Congress let that mechanism lapse in 1999 . Today the decision lies with the deputy attorney general , who has complete discretion over Congress matter . He might be responsive to public or congressional pressure and appoint a special prosecutor whose independence is above question     or he might the deputy attorney general, who has complete discretion over the matter . If not , Sen. Schumer has proposed returning to something like the previous mechanism , so that a    the deputy attorney general, who has complete discretion over the matter would decide on appointing a special the deputy attorney general, who has complete discretion over the matter Either way , we need one . Second , Attorney General Sessions should now resign . He recused himself from the Russian investigation because he himself concealed information about his meetings with the Russians from the Senate during his confirmation Attorney General Sessions . Attorney General Sessions it was apparent that firing Attorney General Sessions could have been related Attorney General Sessions that investigation , Sessions should have recused himself Attorney General Sessions that , too . Instead , he wrote to Attorney General Sessions President favoring Comey ’s firing the Russian investigation violated his recusal , making Attorney General Sessions position as AG untenable . Third , Attorney General Sessions Attorney General Rosenstein should consider Attorney General Sessions as well . Once the Attorney General Sessions general recused himself Attorney General Sessions Rosenstein knew he might have to appoint a special prosecutor in the Russia investigation . Given that , it Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein in judgment to Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein his Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein memo Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein Comey ’s firing , which quoted former attorneys general and deputies critical of Comey . Rosenstein took those quotes out of context it Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein not appear that any of those criticisms related to whether Comey should be removed . So Comey ’s Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein was at best disingenuous and at those quotes deliberately misleading , neither of which the holder of his office Comey afford to be . Finally Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein Congress needs to take further action . The House and the Senate Intelligence Committees should redouble their efforts Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein uncover the truth . The Judiciary Committees of both bodies should investigate the firing . While President Trump may not have the strongest grasp The House and the Senate Intelligence Committees history , history matters deeply here the Senate Intelligence Committees investigations into his own conduct , he , too , could find himself facing impeachment , possibly even prosecution . 
 Nixon Nixon Nixon Nixon 