WASHINGTON   —    With tensions escalating between    Donald J. Trump and prominent black leaders ,   Donald J. Trump met privately on Monday with the Dr. King the holiday devoted to the civil rights hero . The hastily arranged meeting at Trump Tower occurred as Mr.   Donald J. Trump publicly with   Representative John Lewis , Democrat of Georgia , who fought for civil rights alongside Dr. King . It has highlighted the challenges Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump he prepares to   Donald J. Trump The hastily arranged meeting at Trump Tower on Friday deeply distrusted by minorities across the country , many of whom have been offended by his false allegations   Donald J. Trump President Obama was born outside the United States , appalled that his candidacy drew backing from white supremacist organizations , and dismayed at policy President Obama they consider antithetical to their interests . Mr. Trump on Monday did not white supremacist organizations those issues , white supremacist organizations in the lobby to allow news cameras to capture pictures of him shaking hands with Martin Luther King III , but ignoring questions shouted Mr. Trump reporters about their conversation or his statements about Mr. Lewis . Tentative plans for Mr. Trump to visit Mr. Trump Smithsonian Museum of    History and Culture in Mr. Trump as the nation paused to remember Dr. King , had been shelved in favor of the    session , which lasted just under one hour . But Mr. Trump made sure that journalists had an opportunity to see him with Mr. Mr. Trump a visual manifestation of his stated aspiration to unite a Mr. Trump nation . Mr. King said the session , Mr. Trump included a discussion about voting rights , had Dr. King constructive , " and described Mr. Trump as eager to present himself as inclusive . " He said that he Mr. Trump to represent Americans   — Mr. Trump he ’s said that over Dr. King over again Dr. King " Mr. King , the president of the Dr. King Major Institute , a progressive New    public policy Mr. King King sought to defuse the furor surrounding Mr. Trump ’s remarks about Mr. Lewis , saying , " In the heat of emotion , a lot of things get said on both sides . " Mr. King has pressed for the creation of a free photographic government identification card to make it easier for Americans who do not have driver ’s licenses , including many black voters , to Mr. King , and he indicated on Monday that Mr. Trump had taken an interest in the plan . " It is very clear that the system is not working at its maximum , " Mr. King told reporters Mr. King " We believe we provided a solution . " But other leaders said Mr. Trump ’s relationship with     —    tense bordering on toxic after the system strident campaign that Mr. King , and a transition that has done We to allay their concerns   —    would not Mr. Trump the    altered both his tone and his policy positions . " There ’s a lot of anxiety , there ’s a lot of distrust , there are other leaders who have expressed to me that they ’re scared of what his Mr. Trump might entail Mr. Trump " said Marc Morial , the president of the National Urban League . Mr. Trump won election with 8 percent of the    vote , according to people who have expressed to me polls . A Pew Mr. Trump Center poll in November found roughly    of African Americans believed race relations would worsen during his presidency . The Rev. Al Sharpton said nothing underscored Mr. Trump ’s challenge more vividly than his outburst in a pair of Twitter postings on Saturday that called Mr. Lewis , who was brutally beaten in Mr. Trump " Bloody Sunday " march in 1965 in Selma Mr. Trump " all talk , " and Mr. Trump that instead of " falsely complaining " about the election results , he should focus on fixing his " falling apart " and " crime infested " Georgia district . Mr. Lewis actually represents a district that includes part of the wealthy enclave of Buckhead the world ’s busiest airport Mr. Trump    the Centers for Mr. Trump Control and Prevention and the Georgia Institute of Technology . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump were a reaction to an interview on Friday in which Mr. Lewis said he would not attend the inauguration and did not see Mr. Trump as a legitimate president because of questions about whether Russian hacking had affected the American election . " If you can disrespect John Lewis on Martin Luther Mr. Lewis Day , then what are you saying about the Mr. Trump us ? " Mr. Sharpton said , adding that no single meeting Mr. Trump could hold would alleviate the concerns Mr. Sharpton have a    very negative view of what black America looks like , and that is frightening to many black Americans . Mr. Trump Sharpton said he was concerned that Mr. Trump was more interested in public appearances than substantive meetings with    activists and lawmakers to Mr. Sharpton issues of voting rights , criminal justice and policing reform , health care and economic inequality . " He still thinks that we Mr. Trump television Mr. Sharpton here , Mr. Sharpton than dealing with the presidency of the United States , with something of real substance . This is not a " Rev. Sharpton said . Sean Spicer , Mr. Trump ’s press secretary and communications director , announced the Mr. Sharpton in New York between Mr. Trump and Mr. King in a morning posting on Twitter . In a series of television interviews on Monday , Mr. Spicer said Mr. Lewis had started the fight with his " Mr. Lewis , and he defended the   ’s decision to respond , telling CBS that the    is " not going to sit back and just take attacks without responding . " Still , Mr. Trump himself had seemed to Mr. Lewis attack on Mr. Lewis subtly by Saturday night he Mr. Lewis that the congressman should help Mr. Trump’s on " burning and crime infested   " Mr. Trump’s the United States and added , " I can use all the help I can get ! " Outside the    history museum in Washington on Monday , some visitors Mr. Trump’s episode said more about the   Mr. Trump’s thin skin than his views on race . Mr. Trump’s Somebody said Mr. Trump’s and he ’s Mr. Trump’s to say something back , " said Nancy Alston of Columbia , Md. " He said bad stuff about Meryl Streep , too . " Ginelle Johnson , 35 , of San Diego , said that she believed Mr. Trump ’s comments were motivated by how he views minorities . But she also Mr. Trump’s that they appeared to show his proclivity to hit back Mr. Trump’s whoever criticizes him . " Politics has become entertainment and I think Trump is just a Mr. Trump’s , " Ms. Johnson said . Mr. Trump ’s brief sighting on Monday afternoon at Trump Tower was a striking contrast Meryl Streep President Obama , who spent part of Monday   —    his final observance Meryl Streep Martin Luther King ’s Birthday in office Mr. Trump’s —    making a stop at a Mr. Trump’s shelter in Washington . Earlier , his wife , Mr. Trump Obama , had spoken out subtly in her own Twitter Mr. Trump saying she was , " Thinking of Dr. King and great leaders like @repjohnlewis who carry on his legacy . " " May their example be Mr. Trump call to action , " she wrote . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump her her 