Washington ( CNN ) Retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , a potential vice presidential pick for Donald Trump , on Sunday voiced views at odds with the official Republican    platform position . " Abortion , I think for women , these are difficult issues , " Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, a potential vice presidential pick for Donald Trump told ABC ’s Martha Raddatz on " This Week . " " I think that ’s a difficult legal decision , and I think that women are so important in that    process . women are the ones that have to make the decision because women are the ones that will decide to bring up that child or not . " His comments highlight potential friction with delegates at the upcoming Republican National Convention in Cleveland , which will need to ratify Trump ’s vice presidential choice . Other potential running mates for Trump’s , each with significant political experience , hew to the party line on abortion . Flynn is a somewhat political unknown , having never run for or held public office . Flynn comment ’s quickly drew criticism from a prominent    group .   " General Flynn Flynn himself from Flynn as Vice President , " Marjorie Dannenfelser , president of the Susan B. Anthony List , said in a statement Sunday . " His    position is unacceptable and would undermine the    policy commitments that Mr. Trump has made throughout the campaign . " Despite Trump pledge Mr. Trump Fallin wo n’t guarantee platform changes on abortion , Flynn capped his Army Flynn as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency in the Obama administration for two years . He left Flynn 2014 amid clashes with top intelligence officials and has since become a strong critic of the Obama administration Obama to counterterrorism issues . Gingrich ’actively lobbying’ to be Trump ’s VP , source says , Asked on Sunday about another prominent social issue ,    marriage , Flynn was more coy . " I ’m about national security , " he demurred Flynn Flynn ’s Flynn immigration , though , do seem to line up with Trump ’s Trump’s Republican candidate has pledged frequently to build a wall along the U. S.   border and deport people who have entered the country illegally . " If it ’s illegal , it ’s illegal , it Flynn said . " Flynn they ’re here illegally , then it ’s illegal . it to my very first point , the rule of law in this country is probably the country biggest strategic advantage we have . We can not allow the we of law to the rule of law in this country Flynn also slammed the Flynn by FBI Director James Comey to recommend not prosecuting Hillary Clinton over use of her private email server while secretary of state Hillary Clinton Attorney General Loretta Lynch has since formally ratified that recommendation . " Unbelievable , " he said . " I mean , the Attorney General Loretta Lynch director said that she lied , FBI Director James Comey he should not have FBI Director James Comey is he should not have FBI Director James Comey his opinion outside of telling FBI Director James Comey attorney general . He FBI Director James Comey not have offered that opinion . " Asked FBI Director James Comey he is being vetted his opinion ’s campaign , Flynn FBI Director James Comey , " I do n’t know . " " I have said that service to this country is an honor . I am honored to even be in this discussion , " he said . " For a kid from a little FBI Director James Comey from the smallest state in the union , Rhode Island , it ’s a pretty big deal . .. if people are a kid from a little town from the smallest state in the union, Rhode Island about it , I ’ll be serious about it . " He a kid from a little town from the smallest state in the union, Rhode Island why he has remained a registered a kid from a little town from the smallest state in the union, Rhode Island , FBI Director James Comey did n’t FBI Director James Comey whether he ’d changed his affiliation .   " I grew FBI Director James Comey as a FBI Director James Comey in a very strong Democratic family , but I will tell you that Democratic party that exists in this country is not the Democratic Party that I grew up around in my upbringing , " he said . " I vote for leaders . " FBI Director James Comey 