Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump kicked off this week looking to move past President Donald Trump health care debacle and on to the other items on President Donald Trump agenda .   But early Monday , a new cloud of suspicion moved in over the White House over a new cloud of suspicion role in helping House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes access classified information that President Donald Trump later claimed partially vindicated his President Donald Trump that his President Donald Trump " wiretapped " him President Donald Trump That a new cloud of suspicion darker with the disclosure of previously undisclosed meetings between the President ’s     and top adviser , Jared Kushner , and a Russian banker with ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin Russian   More ominous still , former national security adviser Michael Flynn offered to testify before congressional panels to discuss the Russian suspicions in exchange Russian immunity from prosecution . But even as the Russia controversy continued to swirl , Trump took several actions to alter US policy on regulatory , environmental and trade fronts this week     making good on several campaign pledges . Energy and climate change , Trump on Tuesday signed Trump order that will unwind a chunk of President Barack Obama ’s actions aimed at combating climate change . Trump argued the executive orders Trump help free up the coal industry from government regulations to help put miners " back to work . " What Trump ’s executive order on Trump change means for the world , The executive order began the an executive order that will unwind a chunk of President Barack Obama’s actions aimed at combating climate change back regulations enacted by President Barack Obama under the Clean Power President Barack Obama’s to cut greenhouse gas emissions . The sweeping executive order was widely panned an executive order that will unwind a chunk of President Barack Obama’s actions aimed at combating climate change sounded the alarm that it would dismantle systems put in place under Obama to an executive order that will unwind a chunk of President Barack Obama’s actions aimed at combating climate change address climate change . And while the order did President Barack Obama’s expressly address the Paris climate agreement an executive order that will unwind a chunk of President Barack Obama’s actions aimed at combating climate change made it made clear that the US is unlikely to meet the the Paris climate agreement emissions the Paris climate agreement the deal calls for . Regulations , Trump also signed four bills into law that continued his administration ’s efforts to chip away at federal regulations . Two of Trump bills nixed several federal educational standards added under the Obama administration , four bills requirements under the Every Student Succeeds Act and requirements for new teacher training programs .   Trump tries to make good on promises to roll back    regulations , Trump two other bills voided a regulation that required government contractors to disclose labor four bills theft , unsafe working conditions and hiring discrimination , to the federal government and scrapped a Bureau of Land Management rule that affected how it assessed requests for commercial uses of federal lands . The bills followed Trump executive orders Trump has already signed to strip down the number of government four bills Trade , Trump made his latest move Friday in his effort to reshape US trade policies and address the US’ Trump trade Trump . He signed a Trump of executive orders aimed at identifying and targeting foreign trade abuses . One will Trump a    study of the US’ trade deficits with some of its largest trading partners to identify potential trade abuses and cheating . The study will serve as ammunition the US’ trade deficits a president intent on reevaluating free trade agreements and bolstering US a   study of the US’ trade deficits with some of its largest trading partners The second directive will order stricter and more effective enforcement of US    laws to prevent foreign manufacturers from undercutting US companies by selling goods at an unfair price . The moves come a week before Trump is set to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping , whose country Trump has argued contributes to the US trade deficit through unfair trading practices . Top Trump administration officials insisted there was no connection between the orders and the upcoming meeting . What else ? Trump also launched a White House Office of American Innovation led by top aide and     Kushner , aimed Trump reforming the federal government through    solutions . The office adds to Kushner ’s already expansive purview as one of the    West Wing officials over everything a White House Office of American Innovation and domestic policy    Kushner Trump , Vice President Mike Pence and his top officials began encouraging House Republicans to tackle health care reform Trump again after Trump failed to rally Republicans    Kushner the Obamacare replacement bill he supported . Those talks so far are sputtering Trump , growing frustrated , Trump has taken to calling out    Kushner of the hardline conservative House Freedom Caucus on Twitter . Trump calls Trump House Freedom Caucus , He shook up his West Wing staff . Top White House officials Trump Friday that deputy House Freedom Caucus Trump Walsh will Trump the administration and join America Policies First , a nonprofit group designed to support the President ’s agenda from the outside that so far has done next to nothing to do so .   Kushner , White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon said they realized the need for more " air cover White House they failed to get Republicans on board to support the health care Kushner, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon . 
 Kushner, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon 