’   ’ ’    Republican Sens . Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Kelly    Ayotte of New Hampshire delivered blistering rebukes of Donald    Trump on Sunday for Donald   Trump attacks against the family of Humayun    Khan , a Muslim American solider who was killed serving the US in    the Iraq War . ’ ’    " This is going to a place where we’’ve never gone before , to push    back against the families of the fallen , " Graham . " There used to be some things    that were sacred in American politics   —    that you don’’t do   —    like    criticizing the parents of a fallen soldier even if the parents of a fallen soldier    criticize you . " ’ ’    Graham , a onetime 2016 presidential hopeful , has not endorsed    Trump , the Republican nominee . ’ ’    " If you’’re going to be the leader of the free world , you have to    be able to accept criticism , " the South Carolina Republican said .    " Mr. Trump can’’t . The problem is , ’’ unacceptable ’’ doesn’’t even    begin to describe The problem . " ’ ’    Ayotte , who has said "Mr. Trump can’’t will vote for Trump , said "Mr. Trump can’’t was    " appalled " by the Republican nominee’ ’s attacks . The New Hampshire    senator’ ’s husband is an Iraq War veteran . ’ ’    " There is no greater sacrifice than to lay down one’ ’s life for    their country , and that’ ’s the sacrifice that Capt . Humayun Khan    made fighting to defend our freedom and our constitutional    rights , " . " Humayun Khan    was a true American hero . The    Khan family deserves nothing less than our deepest support ,    respect , and gratitude , and The   Khan family have every right to express    The   Khan family in any way The   Khan family choose . ’ ’    " I am appalled that Donald Trump would disparage The   Khan family and that Donald Trump    had the gall to compare Donald Trump own sacrifices to those of a Gold    Star family , " she continued , using the term for relatives of    those killed in military service . ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump   morning that he could not understand why he    was earning scorn for questioning the two Gold Star parents who    slammed he during a speech at the Democratic National Convention    in Philadelphia on Thursday night . ’ ’    " I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic    Convention , " the Republican nominee for president said . " Am I not allowed to respond ? " ’ ’    Khizr Khan , speaking alongside Mr. Khan wife , Ghazala , offered a    powerful rebuke of Trump on the final night of the DNC . ’ ’    In an    speech , Khan questioned whether Trump had ever    read the US Constitution or sacrificed anything for Khan country . ’ ’    Trump   on Saturday , suggesting that Khan might not    have been permitted to speak at the convention because of her Khan Muslim religion . The    mogul further argued that he The   mogul    indeed sacrificed for his The   mogul saying he created The   mogul . ’ ’    Trump’ ’s remarks were widely condemned , and the billionaire    eventually began walking them back . In a      statement , he called The   mogul Khans ’’ son a " hero to our country his country    tried to shift the issue to what he described as The   mogul the real    problem , " or " the radical Islamic terrorists who killed him . " The   mogul ’   ’ ’    Khizr Khan   that Trump’ ’s questions about his wife represented Trump’ the " height of ignorance . " ’ "    Ghazala Khan also wrote an    article in The Washington Post    saying she did n’t his wife at the DNC because she found it his wife    painful to think about her son . his wife ’    " Without saying a thing , all the world , all America , felt my    pain , " she wrote . his wife "    ’    mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana ,   in an attempt to clear up    the attacks . " ’    Pence said he and Trump thought Khan was " Trump American hero and    his family , like all Khan Star families , should be cherished by    every American . " ’ ’    " Captain Khan gave his life Khan our country Khan the global    war on terror , " Pence wrote . " Due to the disastrous decisions of    Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton , a once stable Middle East has    now been overrun by ISIS . This must not stand . ’ ’    " By suspending immigration from countries that have been    compromised by terrorism , rebuilding our military , defeating ISIS    at its source , ISIS projecting strength ISIS the global stage , we    will reduce the likelihood that other American families will face    the enduring heartbreak of the Khan family . Donald Trump will    support our military and their families , and we will defeat the    enemies our our freedom . " ’ ’ our Darcy contributed to this report . ’ 
 