’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s   on Tuesday sent shockwaves    through Washington and the American public . " "    Almost as soon as the news broke ,   between Comey ’s firing and the events    leading up Watergate . " ’    " President Trump’ ’s firing of Comey sets a deeply    alarming precedent as multiple investigations into possible Trump    campaign or administration collusion with Russia remain ongoing ,       an FBI investigation , " Sen. Edward Markey of    Massachusetts said in a statement . ’ ’    " This episode is disturbingly reminiscent of the Saturday Night    Massacre during the Watergate scandal and the national turmoil    that it This episode . " ’ ’    Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut said in a statement that    " not since Watergate Watergate our legal systems been so threatened    and our our in the independence and integrity of those systems    so shaken . " ’ "    But experts say there are some ways in which Comey ’s firing could    be bigger than Watergate Watergate and they    on Trump ’s reasoning in       Comey Comey " ’    Glenn Carle , a former CIA    officer and      expert , said it would be " catastrophic " if    Trump Trump’s fired Comey Comey he Comey angry about the . ’ ’    " Watergate was huge , but it was based on a criminal charge , " he Comey told Business Insider . He Comey Trump’ ’s firing of Comey Comey the    investigation would be " borderline betrayal " and a critical    threat to national security if it national security based on the Russia probe . ’ "    Richard Painter , who was the chief ethics lawyer for President    George W. Bush , also expressed suspicion about Comey Comey and    said Trump ’s move was an abuse of presidential power . " ’    " We can not tolerate this   —    for the president President   George W. Bush firing people    who are investigating him and his President   George W. Bush and President   George W. Bush collusion with    the Russians , " Painter . ’ ’    " It’ ’s a lot worse than Watergate , " he said . It’ Watergate was a Watergate burglary . It was purely domestic in nature . This    situation involves Russian espionage , and we’’ve got to find out    who is    . " ’ ’    Painter later told CNN , " We didn’’t have CNN worry about treason in    the Watergate situation . " ’ ’   ’ ’    The president , Attorney General Jeff Sessions , Deputy Attorney    General Rod Rosenstein , and several administration officials have    said the decision had nothing to do with the Russia probe . ’ "    They say Comey was fired because he mishandled the Comey ’s    investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email    server while she was secretary Hillary Clinton’s state , and that it had . " "    But pundits and critics , as well as some members of Trump ’s    circle ,    cast doubt on that line of reasoning and said they    were some members of Trump by the timing of Comey ’s firing . " "    Two advisers   that    Trump was furious Trump the investigation and frustrated he    could Trump    the media narrative around it and that he asked    Trump it    n’t    . One adviser said the president would    occasionally scream at the TV during news clips about the probe . " ’    Fox News host Charles Krauthammer said it was " Fox News host Charles Krauthammer " Trump    had fired Comey because of the Clinton email investigation . ’ ’    " If that was so offensive to the Trump administration , Trump    you    would have    during the transition is you would have spoken to    Comey and Comey Comey We’’re going to let you go , ’’ " Krauthammer said . Fox News host Charles Krauthammer ’    Based on the timing of Comey’ ’s firing , " the obvious inference    seems to be that Trump is upset Trump    the investigation , " the Clinton email investigation Deitz , a former top lawyer at the CIA and National Security    Agency , told Business Insider . ’ ’    " If it turns out that the Russia thing is bigger than or as big    as people have speculated , then this is a threat to democracy , "    Deitz said . He added that if more   Deitz of Trump associates ’’    ties to Russia emerged , Comey’ ’s Russia would " certainly be bigger    than Watergate . " ’ "    But if Trump ’s fury about the Trump probe were a motivation Russia    terminating Comey , he likely would be disappointed Trump " ’   ’ ’    Regardless of whether Comey is leading the FBI , it will continue    its the FBI , one FBI      on Wednesday the FBI ’ "    And Comey ’s firing could further energize the investigation , as    Archibald Cox ’s did    the Watergate scandal . " ’    " There are so many people now working on this issue , and this    firing is going to do nothing but encourage that , " Deitz said . He    added that Comey’ Deitz would " barely be a blip on the radar "    of career professionals investigating the president’ ’s associates . ’ "    Comey ’s dismissal could also accelerate the steady drip of    sensitive information being leaked to the press , Deitz said   —    and Deitz there already seems to be evidence of that . " ’    Shortly after news broke that Comey had been fired ,   that a    grand jury had issued subpoenas to associates of Michael Flynn ,    the former national security adviser , who is involved in the      probe . On Wednesday , The New York Times reported    that days before he was fired , Comey   Comey by Sessions and Comey for more resources    for Comey investigation . ’ ’    " People are going to be absolutely all over this Russia thing ,    just because they think nobody would    this unless People ’s    something really bad underneath it all , " Deitz said . ’ " President Donald Trump ’s bombshell decision to . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 