Bill Clinton rape accuser Juanita Broaddrick " damages Juanita Broaddrick mainstream credibility " by associating Juanita Broaddrick with    politics , BuzzFeed charged in an extensive profile released on Monday . [ " Juanita Broaddrick wants to be believed , " was the title of the piece , which was largely a fair and accurate portrayal of Broaddrick Juanita Broaddrick her Juanita Broaddrick .   However , one highly problematic sentence stands out : " Broaddrick Juanita Broaddrick move to the right damages her Juanita Broaddrick credibility , " writes BuzzFeed reporter Katie J. M. Baker . Here is the context of that statement : But even if Broaddrick Juanita Broaddrick n’t want to admit it Juanita Broaddrick she Juanita Broaddrick become increasingly cozy with conservatives as election day draws nearer . She Juanita Broaddrick to tweet mostly about her Juanita Broaddrick story and other sexual assault —   related issues these days , her Juanita Broaddrick are filled with outlandish Clinton conspiracy theories and angry posts about Benghazi . She Juanita Broaddrick have once donated more than $ 1 , 000 to Obama , but now she Juanita Broaddrick criticism about him Obama his Obama . Broaddrick ’s move to the right damages her Juanita Broaddrick credibility . Liberals may not want to call her Juanita Broaddrick liar , but they Liberals n’t understand why she Juanita Broaddrick to back Trump , either , especially since his Trump has been mostly absent from   —    if not antagonistic toward   —    the ongoing national conversation on sexual violence . But the progressives who started that conversation are n’t eager to include Broaddrick in it . The    may have an agenda , but at least they the progressives who started that conversation Broaddrick Broaddrick the progressives who started that conversation her Broaddrick That ’s all she Broaddrick ever wanted . Firstly , what is BuzzFeed implying here ? That only    rape victims are credible ?   That a    rape victim found in her Broaddrick room with a swollen lip and mouth , and ripped off pantyhose loses credibility because she Broaddrick becomes " cozy with conservatives " 38 years after the incident and 17 years after she Broaddrick went public ? Is politics really the meter through which the " mainstream " news media assess the credibility of a    old rape survivor whose entire life has been stained by that one traumatic event , as BuzzFeed itself relates ? Does BuzzFeed BuzzFeed itself that Broaddrick should remain silent as her BuzzFeed itself rapist and the wife that Broaddrick Broaddrick attempted to silence her BuzzFeed itself make their way back to the White House ? The same wife , Hillary Clinton , who released a campaign ad exclaiming , " You have the right to be heard . You have the right to be believed , and we ’re with you . " Broaddrick Broaddrick so offended by that statement that she Broaddrick public in a tweet recalling the alleged rape . BuzzFeed itself revealed in its BuzzFeed itself that " in February , shortly after Broaddrick Broaddrick viral tweet made headlines , the line ‘ you have the right to be believed’ was cut from the text " of Clinton ’s campaign website . The charge that " Broaddrick ’s move to the right damages her "Broaddrick’s credibility " seemingly overlooks that the    mainstream has largely ignored , sidelined , or even attacked Broaddrick Broaddrick story , leaving her "Broaddrick’s little choice but to conduct interviews with the " right " to receive fair treatment in the news media . On my radio show earlier this month , Broaddrick Broaddrick as much when she Broaddrick on her Broaddrick at the hands of the the news media " I just think it ’s a double standard . I do n’t think that they want to bring out these bad things that Bill Clinton has done . And they are letting they victims of his crimes suffer Bill Clinton they do n’t they to go up against him and his Bill Clinton . Bill Clinton She Broaddrick demanded that NBC News Anchor Andrea Mitchell issue a public apology for calling Broaddrick " discredited " during a segment that aired May 19 on the    Today Show . In response to a retraction demand letter from Broaddrick ’s attorney , who is also her Broaddrick , the network quietly scrubbed the word " discredited " from the online version of Mitchell ’s report Andrea Mitchell Breitbart News first reported . Neither Mitchell nor the Andrea Mitchell provided the network or evidence to back up the " discredited " claim . As critics pointed out in response to Mitchell ’s claim Andrea Mitchell Mitchell’s accusation has not been discredited . NBC itself vetted Broaddrick ’s story when she Broaddrick broke her silence Broaddrick speaking to Broaddrick network ’s show Dateline in 1999 . The network also caught up the network Rodgers , Broaddrick ’s friend and employee Broaddrick confirmed Broaddrick ’s story of how Norma Broaddrick in her hotel room in the Broaddrick aftermath of Norma incident with a badly swollen lip and mouth and that Broaddrick ’s pantyhose had been ripped off Broaddrick Broaddrick had stated that Clinton bit her Broaddrick the lip during the alleged rape Clinton which a badly swollen lip and mouth transpired in 1978 at her room in Clinton Little Rock hotel . NBC Clinton Lisa Myers , who conducted the 1999 interview with Broaddrick for the network , stated in Broaddrick 2014 interview that " [ N]othing has come up since that story was reported that in any way undercuts what Juanita Broaddrick said . " Myers has Broaddrick from the network . NBC ’s actions , meanwhile , are the network the NBC " treatment of Broaddrick . In January , Broaddrick said that Broaddrick ’s Mitchell told her Broaddrick phone that the network would NBC Broaddrick a new interview with Broaddrick " because the network nothing new to Broaddrick " since Broaddrick first went public in an NBC interview Broaddrick 1999 . An NBC News spokesperson confirmed to NBC in January that the network pursued an interview with the rape accuser but decided against running the network after purportedly establishing that there was nothing new . " When Juanita Broaddrick went public last week , NBC Broaddrick an associate producer to Arkansas to see if there was anything new NBC News story . We established there was not , Broaddrick decided not to pursue it any further , " the spokesperson said at the time . In sidelining Broaddrick story , NBC seems to be overlooking a Broaddrick new revelations from Broaddrick , including : NBC has a history of minimizing Broaddrick ’s rape story . Imagine how things would be different Broaddrick NBC show or Breitbart News were around in 1999 ? After filming the 1999 interview , NBC waited 35 days until finally airing the exclusive . The timeline is critical . The Senate voted to NBC Clinton in the impeachment case on Feb. 12 . NBC ’s interview , conducted January 20 , 1999 , did not run until Feb. 24 , and the NBC it opposite the    Grammy Awards . Some have questioned NBC ’s motivation in waiting to air Broaddrick ’s charge of rape . " The    interval between tape and NBC now one of the legends of the impeachment process . Why did n’t the American public get to hear Mrs. Broaddrick before the Senate voted to acquit Mr. Clinton on Feb. 12 ? " wrote Philip Weiss in the Observer Broaddrick . Speaking in 1999 , NBC News vice president Bill Wheatley vehemently denied the network deliberately held the interview until after the Senate vote . He said NBC took the normal period of time for properly vetting stories . " There was no pressure the Senate the White NBC News vice president Bill Wheatley , period . Nor as some were claiming was there any pressure from NBC or G. E. corporate    to kill the story , " said Wheatley . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau NBC and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio Aaron Klein " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 