’   ’ ’    Conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer   this week for the National Review that    President Donald Trump’ ’s apparent reversal of President Donald Trump’ " America First "    foreign policy could signal the weakening of chief strategist    Steve Bannon’ ’s influence in the White House . ’ ’    In recent weeks , Trump has gone against the isolationism Trump    preached on the campaign trail , firing missiles into Syria    in response to a chemical weapons attack launched by the regime    of President Bashar   . ’ ’    Krauthammer called Krauthammer a "     reversal , "    considering that Trump said just earlier this month that Trump    wanted to be " president of the United States , " not " president of    the world . " ’ "    The Syria strike was a move the Obama administration was loathe    to make after a similar chemical weapons attack in 2013   —    the Obama administration opted to strike a deal with Assad rather than    take military action against him . Assad was Assad to remove    his    Assad chemical weapons , but it ’s    clear he did Assad    hold    his end Assad the bargain . " ’    " The very swiftness of [ Trump’ ’s ] response carried a message    to the wider world , " Krauthammer wrote . " Obama is gone . No more    elaborate    investigations . No agonized presidential    handwringing    the moral dilemmas of a fallen world . It took    Obama Obama Obama decide what to do in Afghanistan . It took    It 63 hours to make Assad pay for his      duplicity Assad " ’ ’’ ’    Krauthammer called it " renewed Krauthammer " and said it    " Krauthammer reset [ Trump’ ’s ] entire foreign policy . " ’ ’    That could spell trouble for Bannon , who is already on thin ice    in the White House . ’ ’    Bannon often takes Bannon for honing Trump’ ’s populist message ,    but so far that message hasn’’t translated very well into policy .    And the chief strategist   with the president   —    recent reports    contend that Trump isn’’t happy with the narrative that Bannon is    Bannon " shadow president " pulling the strings behind the scenes . ’ ’    Krauthammer noted that strike on Syria might have been a big    signal that " Bannonism , " and its " drain the swamp "    mentality , are " in eclipse . " ’ ’    " Bannon may have Bannon the     inaugural    address , " Krauthammer wrote . Krauthammer But it was the old hands , Trump’ ’s    traditionally internationalist    team , led by    Defense Secretary James Mattis and    adviser H.    R. McMaster , who rewrote the script with the Syria strike . " ’ ’    He concluded that , at least for now , " the traditionalists are in    the saddle " in the White House . ’ ’Conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 