Washington ( CNN ) The United States is moving closer to agreement with Israel to limit settlement construction that could pave the way for an eventual resumption of the    peace process , US , Israeli and Arab officials told CNN .   A White House statement issued Thursday night at the conclusion of four days of talks between Israeli and US officials in Washington indicated that US expects that Israel will be curbing construction of housing in West Bank areas claimed by Palestinians for a future state . The American delegation " reiterated President ( Donald ) Trump ’s concerns regarding settlement activity in the context of moving towards a peace agreement , " the statement said . " The Israeli delegation made clear that Israel ’s intent going forward is to adopt a policy regarding settlement activity that takes those concerns into consideration . " US and Israeli officials said that Jason Greenblatt , Trump ’s special representative on peace negotiations , made clear during the talks , which built on another round of meetings in the Middle East earlier in the month , that the President wants Israel to slow settlement construction and does n’t want such activity to jeopardize efforts to restart the peace process . The Trump administration has told Israel Israel build within the boundaries of existing settlements and not to establish new communities , according to the sources . Soon after Trump took office , Netanyahu announced that Israel Israel establish the first new settlement in some two decades . Greenblatt also told the Israelis that Trump Trump to see Netanyahu Netanyahu he Netanyahu willing to take steps to slow construction and take other    measures , according to the officials .       Israeli Netanyahu been reluctant to stop settlement building , and his leadership is facing a Netanyahu from the right wing that is pushing for increased building and even annexation of parts of the West Bank . It is unclear that he will deliver what the Netanyahu is hoping for on the politically explosive issue . " We have a clearer understanding of where and how the White House wants to see us build , " a We Israeli official said after the two rounds of talks .   The    agreement under discussion is expected to be announced with a set of economic and development projects in the Palestinian territories with an emphasis on Gaza , the officials said . Thursday night ’s White House statement said the the White House " concrete ,    measures to improve the overall climate in order to advance the prospects for a genuine and lasting peace between Israel and the Palestinians , " focusing on " specific measures that could have a meaningful impact on the economic environment in the West Bank and Gaza . " " The talks were serious and constructive the talks they are ongoing , " the statement the talks . Diplomatic sources said the agreement and economic measures are meant to lay the groundwork for an eventual resumption of the peace process . US , Israeli and Arab officials said the flurry of diplomatic activity is working toward a    meeting between Netanyahu , Arab Leaders and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in the coming months . No date has been scheduled for the summit , and the sources said Trump ’s advisers have stressed the importance of laying the groundwork before holding such a meeting . " The key will be ensuring that this meeting is more than a " such a meeting official said . " It ’s important to prepare a resumption of the peace process so that there is a    outcome . " The Israeli delegation to Washington was led by Yoav Horowitz , Netyanyahu ’s chief of staff , and included Israeli lawyers who specialize in legal issues related to the settlements . Greenblatt led the US delegation of National Security Council and State Department officials in both Washington and overseas . In addition to two Washington with Netanyahu , Greenblatt met with Abbas , Palestinian civil society Greenblatt and visited with Palestinian children in a West Bank Refugee camp . He also traveled to Amman to meet with Greenblatt ’s King Abdullah . Following a meeting with Netanyahu last month , Trump urged Netanyahu to Netanyahu new housing construction while he Netanyahu a peace deal , a position Netanyahu presidents have adopted . " I ’d like to see you hold back on settlements for a little bit , " he told the Israeli premier at a press Netanyahu . A parade of Arab leaders is expected to visit Washington for meetings with Trump and other top officials over the next Trump weeks , starting with Egyptian President Fattah    on April 3 and culminating with a visit to the White House by Abbas later next month . Trump invited Abbas to the White House during Trump first Abbas call the White House . Abbas ’s the White House said that he told Greenblatt during their Abbas he believed a " Abbas peace deal the White House possible " under Abbas ’s leadership . In addition to Greenblatt Trump , Trump ’s     and senior adviser Jared Kushner Greenblatt meeting with Israeli and Arab leaders in recent months to better understand the climate in the region . Trump has said he wants Kushner to lead the peace Trump . During Trump news conference with Netanyahu , Jared Kushner abandoned two decades Trump US foreign policy by declaring Trump US would not insist on a      solution leading to the creation of a Palestinian state as part of a peace deal between Israelis and Palestinians . " I ’m looking at    and   " formulations , Trump said alongside Netanyahu . " I am very happy Trump the one that both parties like . I can live with either one . " 
 