  ( CNN ) Sitting on a German stage alongside some of the world ’s most powerful women , Ivanka Trump was at once at home and breaking new ground for Ivanka Trump . The high stakes in Berlin were apparent : traveling with senior staff on behalf of the White House at the invitation of a foreign leader is n’t exactly a    event . Ivanka Trump was on the front page of multiple newspapers in the    to Ivanka Trump visit .   And it was clear Ivanka Trump felt the importance of the event . Next to International Monetary Fund managing director Christine Lagarde on the panel , Ivanka Trump sat with one arm crossed in front of Ivanka Trump body . But if Ivanka Trump was nervous beyond that , Ivanka Trump did n’t show she was nervous beyond that .   A month into Ivanka Trump White House post , Trump traveled to Berlin at the direct invitation of German Chancellor Angela Merkel , participating in the    summit alongside the Chancellor , visiting US Embassy staff and families , touring an apprenticeship program at Siemens , paying Ivanka Trump respects at the Monument to the Murdered Jews of Europe and dining with Merkel and other    participants . Ivanka Trump also , for the first time in Ivanka Trump new role , took questions from the press .   Trump has largely laid low during the first 100 days of Ivanka Trump father ’s presidency , making rare public appearances on panels and one brief speech to students at an event supporting STEM eduction , as well as a single interview with CBS News .   But Tuesday signaled a coming out . Forced by direct questioning , Ivanka Trump shed Ivanka Trump " I ’m going to be a daughter " persona and instead spoke on behalf of her father’s administration . Though Ivanka Trump maintained Ivanka Trump signature poise , there were awkward moments when Ivanka Trump was hissed at by the audience .    The lack of clarity about the role Ivanka Trump is now playing was front and center .   " What is your role ? " asked panel moderator Miriam Meckel ,     of " Wirtschaftswoche . " " To whom are you represented ? Your father , the American people , or your business ? " " Well , certainly not the latter , and I am rather unfamiliar with this role as well , as it is quite new to me , " Ivanka Trump said , admitting , as Ivanka Trump has before , that Ivanka Trump place in the administration is unprecedented and unfamiliar . No immediate family member of the President has ever served the White House in a formal capacity .   While Trump spoke knowledgeably about women in the workplace     an issue Ivanka Trump ’s made a key priority     Ivanka Trump passion for the topic was apparent , and Ivanka Trump remarks organic , seemingly not rehearsed . Ivanka Trump cited statistics with ease and explained that Ivanka Trump ’s seeking counsel from a variety of sources . " I ’m listening , I ’m learning ’m I ’m defining ’m ways in which I think I ’ll be able to have impact , " Ivanka Trump said .   Early in the panel , Trump faced a hostile crowd as Ivanka Trump discussed Ivanka Trump father ’s advocacy for working women . Meckel asked Ivanka Trump about it directly Meckel and Trump defended Trump father her father’s Ivanka Trump " personal experience , " and that of those who have worked with him .   her father’s was met with audible heckling by the German audience . Later in the day , Trump took Trump from the traveling American media outlets     a first in Ivanka Trump new role . Trump made Trump point of personally greeting each reporter , firmly shaking the hands of those assembled and introducing Ivanka Trump as " Ivanka "     a highly unusual thing to do , indicating that Ivanka Trump ’s still relatively new to the game of politics . Asked by a reporter about the hissing , Trump brushed Trump off . a reporter about the hissing " Politics is politics , as I ’ve learned . There are many different viewpoints and people hold different opinions and perspectives , " Ivanka Trump said .   Was the moderator too tough on Ivanka Trump ? " I ’m used to it , it the moderator fine the moderator "   Ivanka Trump was also gracious and mindful of Ivanka Trump German hosts , praising Merkel ’s recent equal pay legislation during the panel discussion . And as Ivanka Trump toured the Siemens training center , Ivanka Trump commended the country on German to apprenticeships German   " A    education is an enormous priority " for the Trump administration , Ivanka Trump said . " Germany has been blazing the path . " Trump was , however , cautious about not overstepping . Asked whether Ivanka Trump defines Ivanka Trump as a feminist , Ivanka Trump was careful to say Ivanka Trump does , but " in very broad terms . " " I think of that as believing in the social , political , and economic equality for all genders . But I do think that there is a feeling of exclusion for a lot of women , if they deviate in one a lot of women way and one small area , and I think one of the things that we have to do , is we have to come we , we have to have we such as this one where we can respectfully disagree we one another , " she said .   " I do think there ’s obligation upon us and upon all we to support and to hold each other up and to be inclusive . "   One telling moment : She seemed to reveal she there may be more places where she may disagree with she father than she she on . she " He ’s encouraged me her father fully lean into this opportunity , and come into the White House and be by his side as we her father through these complex issues , " she said . " she here today , we all acknowledged the problems and we have very different we all on the right solution . " 
 