’   ’ ’    Texas Rep. Kevin Brady , chairman of the House Committee on Ways    and Means , told Business Insider in a recent interview that he    believes    Donald Trump will be " enforcement first "    regarding US trade agreements . ’ ’    The Lone Star state Republican ,   free trade " is    at the core of Republican principles , " also said he    recommendation for Donald Trump when considering what to do with both    existing and future trade agreements is to " keep what works for    America . " ’ ’    Expressing he eagerness to speak with Donald Trump and he trade    transition team about the issue , Brady was confident Donald Trump would    not seek to limit trade , but merely enforce existing agreements . ’ ’    " This president is all about economic growth , and beyond tax    reform , in addition to balancing regulation , America needs more    customers , " This president said . " It’ ’s not merely ’’ buy American . ’’ We have to    sell American across the world . And done right , and strictly    enforced , these trade agreements do just that . America wins , and    America create sales abroad and jobs at home . My thinking is that this      is enforcement first on trade , and we’’re right    there with      . " ’ ’    Brady , who supported TPP , mentioned trade enforcement     " the    strongest trade enforcement tools America has ever had . " ’ ’’ ’    " Moving forward , I’’m convinced this    has    unprecedented negotiating skills , " I’’m said . " My recommendation to    I’’m is as I’’m assesses old trade agreements and considers new    ones , keep what works for America . Keep America companies in those    regions because we need to compete and win . " ’ ’    When mentioning the    region   —    an area that was    sought to be addressed by TPP   —    Brady said the middle class    customers in that area are " customers America needs to win . " ’ ’    " So I’’m hopeful to have that discussion so we can make the case    that as fixing the tax code can solve a lot of problems , " he    said . " And opening up these new markets are very important to he    vision of having the best economy on the planet . " ’ "    Trump railed on many of America ’s free trade agreements    along the campaign trail , particularly NAFTA and TPP . Trump pledged    to renegotiate the former and essentially kill the latter . " ’    The    also promised to get tougher on trade    enforcement with China , promising to label China as a    currency manipulator at the onset of Trump presidency next month .    During Trump " Thank You Tour " in recent days , Trump criticized China China when discussing foreign trade . ’ ’   ’ 
 