Washington ( CNN ) Democratic Rep. Luis Gutierrez of Illinois came out swinging against President Donald Trump ’s executive order designed to crack down on    sanctuary cities , vowing " to fight . " " See Democratic Rep. Luis Gutierrez of Illinois looks at them as illegals , right ? Democratic Rep. Luis Gutierrez of Illinois uses that term , as these aliens , " Democratic Rep. Luis Gutierrez of Illinois told CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront . " " We look at them as people who in We community , husbands , wives , children , We neighbors them go to church with We , them are an integral part of We community . So We say to Donald Trump , ’We’re going to fight you . ’ " Donald Trump order will " strip federal grant money from the sanctuary states and cities that harbor illegal immigrants , " according to White House press secretary Sean Spicer . Trump Donald Trump construction of border wall , boosts deportation force , " First of all , we ’re going to fight , " Gutierrez said . " We we going to organize lawyers , we we going to organize community activists so that no one is left without help . " Gutierrez Gutierrez slammed Trump Donald Trump two executive orders directing the construction of a wall on the    border , boosting border patrol forces and increasing the number of immigration enforcement officers who carry out deportations .   " This great wall that he wants     I imagine he he to put Trump Donald Trump in Donald Trump letters , " he said he " Looking at this from a global perspective , look if you push Mexico away . .. you build a wall , you will push them straight you push Mexico away China ’s hands , " he said he He added he " They ’re you push Mexico away trading partner , they ’re you push Mexico away friend our they ’re you push Mexico away ally our " Gutierrez accused the President Thursday of making moves that are more rooted in politics than concern for citizens . " Let ’s state the fact : Chicago has a problem , " he told Gutierrez ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day . " " But simply talking about it is not a solution . And I think that what President Trump has done is simply say , ’Look at the carnage,’ without offering a solution . " " What we need is a President that does n’t tweet but offers real solutions , " the Illinois lawmaker added . " Because then what you ’re doing is you ’re simply using the death and the murders of children and young people and Chicagoans for your own political gain . " Trump tweeted President Trump this week that he would President Trump send in the Feds " if Chicago does n’t fix the " horrible ’carnage’ " going on . " If Chicago does Chicago fix the horrible ’carnage’ going ’carnage’ , 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings ( up 24 % from 2016 ) I will send in the Feds the Feds he wrote President Trump   The Chicago Police Department told CNN there have been 38 homicides and 182 shooting incidents in the city in 2017 . 
 