Republican elected officials , donors and strategists grappled uncomfortably on Wednesday with the inevitability of Donald J. Trump as Republican elected officials, donors and strategists presidential nominee , an unexpectedly sudden denouement that left many in a state of political paralysis and others vowing to oppose the party ’s new   . While some called for unity , many Republican leaders refrained from falling in line behind Donald J. Trump , with dozens avoiding inquiries about where they many Republican leaders or saying they many Republican leaders Mr. Donald J. Trump detail his policies Donald J. Trump tone down his language Donald J. Trump . Others tied themselves in Others as they praised Others criticized Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump single breath , or suggested that they could abide Others Trump but Donald J. Trump agenda . Senator Donald J. Trump Ayotte of New Hampshire , who is in a tough    race , signaled that she would " support " Mr. Trump but not Donald J. Trump " him , as a spokeswoman Donald J. Trump it , a rhetorical contortion that other Republicans repeated privately . Representative Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho , a staunch conservative , said he would support Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump derided him Donald J. Trump not knowing much Donald J. Trump the Constitution or politics . " Former Gov. Bob Martinez of Florida , who retains a strong network of donors , said he would raise money for Mr. Donald J. Trump but was unsure about Donald J. Trump , like temporarily banning foreign Donald J. Trump from entering the United States . For a party that usually rallies around its presumptive nominee quickly , the brutal primary campaign and the questions about Mr. Trump ’s substance and style have Donald J. Trump level of dissatisfaction   —    antipathy that will not fade simply because Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio have ceded the race to him . The journey from denial and resistance to Donald J. Trump acceptance , and even peace , with the Trump nomination may never be complete for some Republicans . But leaders hope to change that quickly , to save the party from splintering and to have a real the Republican Party winning in November . " There will be some that will take days and weeks to realize that there are two choices and that it ’s between Donald Trump and the Democratic nominee , which most of us believe will be Hillary Clinton , " said Gov. Phil Bryant of Mississippi . Mr. Bryant , who supported Mr. Cruz , called on him and others to back Mr. Trump . " Realistically , and I think Republicans Donald Trump , this is an opportunity to have a Republican president sitting in the Oval Office , " he said . But Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma , a him House member and Republican strategist , said he was counseling his colleagues in competitive races to be coldblooded him how they him their nominee . " Position yourself in the way his colleagues think his colleagues best for you , " he said , allowing that " it is difficult " for him members . " I know a lot of Republicans who are in    districts in blue states who see Trump as more helpful to them than they would have Cruz , " Mr. Cole said , citing them Elise Stefanik , who represents a sprawling district in upstate New York . " But if you ’re in a heavily Hispanic district , your calculation is very different . " Mr. Trump ’s achievement also drew a rebuke of sorts from Trump two Republican presidents . Aides to former Presidents George Bush and George W. Bush said they would not participate in or comment on the presidential campaign . George Bush and George W. Bush contrast , they supported the Republican nominees in the last two elections : John George Bush and George W. Bush in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012 . Mr. Trump ran a sharply negative campaign against former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida , the son of the elder Mr. Bush and brother of the younger , who dropped out in February . For some in the party , the question of whether to embrace Mr. Trump is not merely an intellectual exercise . Some staff members Mr. Trump Republican National Committee were told Wednesday that if they were unable to get behind the nominee , they should leave by Some staff members at the Republican National Committee end of the week . Representative Peter T. Some staff members at the Republican National Committee of New York , whose Long Island district Mr. Trump won overwhelmingly in the April 19 primary , echoed other Republicans in pledging to vote for Mr. Trump even though he had reservations , calling Mr. Trump " a whose Long Island district Mr. Trump no knowledge of whose Long Island district Mr. Trump ’s going on . " " As far as any involvement or campaigning , it ’s really going to depend on him filling in the gaps and consolidating his policies , " Mr. King said whose Long Island district Mr. Trump " Right now , there ’s whose Long Island district Mr. Trump real coherence . whose Long Island district Mr. Trump lingering resistance to Mr. Trump is especially strong in some of the states and congressional districts with hotly whose Long Island district Mr. Trump this year . Representative Carlos Curbelo , who is from a competitive district in South Florida and has been outspoken about his refusal to support Mr. Trump , said Hispanics in his district were furious at Mr. whose Long Island district Mr. Trump over his inflammatory whose Long Island district Mr. Trump Latinos . " Resentment is a competitive district in South Florida way of putting whose Long Island district Mr. Trump " Mr. whose Long Island district Mr. Trump said . " People are offended and really incredulous . " He added that he would consider supporting a    presidential candidate , though that option did not appear to Mr. Curbelo much support Mr. Curbelo other Republicans on Wednesday . But the widespread discomfort and anxiety about Mr. Trump was utterly clear in the hours after he became the presumptive nominee on Tuesday night . Most leading Republicans were publicly silent . And the dearth Mr. Trump congratulatory news releases and Twitter posts spoke volumes . Over the last two days , more than 70 Republican governors , senators , representatives , officials and donors were contacted directly or through aides for comments about Mr. Trump . Only about 20 replied , with many aides saying their bosses did not want to take a stand yet others begged off by saying the officials were traveling many aides " too busy " to email , call or release a statement . Mitch McConnell , the Senate majority leader , said in a news release issued after 7 p. m. Wednesday that Mr. Trump had " the opportunity and the obligation to unite our party around our goals . " Democrats Mr. Trump : Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign issued a list of more than 40 conservatives our party Mr. Trump ’s success , among them Gov. Charlie Baker of Massachusetts , who said Wednesday that he would not Mr. Trump Mr. Trump . ( A Democrats later said Mr. Baker would not vote for Mrs. Clinton , either . ) Some Mr. Trump biggest Republican donors were warily eyeing Mr. Charlie Baker Wednesday . Associates of Mrs. Clinton’s Paul E. Singer and of the Ricketts family , both of whom helped Mr. Trump failed " Stop Trump Wednesday efforts , said they were still evaluating the race . While most donors and Republican leaders had become resigned to Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump would be their nominee both of whom the withdrawals of Mr. Cruz on Tuesday night and Mr. Kasich on Wednesday forced them to face Mr. Trump than expected to a question most donors and Republican leaders had been dreading . " A ton of Republicans are waking up this morning   — most donors and Republican leaders and I know because we ’ve already chatted   most donors and Republican leaders    and many are saying , ‘ I ’m not getting in this mess,’ " said Gregory W. Slayton , a top Republican    who remains adamantly opposed to Mr. Trump . " ‘ are saying , ‘ Well , I ’m going to have to back Trump,’ and of course many are saying , ‘ I do n’t know what I ’m going to do.’ " Two influential Republican groups , the Club for Growth and the Republican Jewish Coalition , said they planned to focus on helping House and Senate candidates this fall and on keeping both chambers under Republican control , rather than making the presidency their " Two influential Republican groups, the Club for Growth and the Republican Jewish Coalition priority . William Kristol , editor of The Weekly Standard , said the hostility toward Mr. Trump could be damaging if the Republican convention this " Two influential Republican groups, the Club for Growth and the Republican Jewish Coalition gets out of hand or if his unusually high negative ratings end up hurting other Republicans on the ticket . " I think people are underestimating the degree to which you could see Mr. Trump crisis in the Republican Party , " he said . Still , in some quarters , reconciliation between Mr. Trump and his onetime critics is underway . Senator Marco Rubio of Florida , who Mr. Trump bitterly with Mr. Trump before dropping out of the presidential race , has Mr. Trump Trump conversations with him recently , according to Republicans close to Mr. Trump . ( Aides Trump Mr. Rubio declined to the race Trump Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina , who supported Mr. Rubio and had castigated Mr. Trump at times , issued a statement Wednesday reiterating that she would support Trump Republican Ms. Haley Lott , a former Senate Republican leader from Trump supported Mr. Kasich , said he thought more Republicans Mississippi come around to Mr. Trump once they appreciated his appeal among conservative Democrats and independents , as well as Trump who do not Ms. Haley vote . " The thing about Trump Mr. Lott here , " Mr. Lott said . " I Mr. Trump to some Mr. Trump union people Mr. Lott my hometown , they ’re for Trump . " 
 more Republicans Mr. Lott some labor union people in my hometown 