Democrats complained mightily about Democrats questions being limited , but the Republicans , who hold the majority , get to set the rules . Four of    Donald J. Trump ’s cabinet choices faced aggressive questions , but avoided any major stumbles . Here are 10 highlights : ■ Representative Tom Price of Georgia , picked to be health secretary , said repealing the Affordable Care Act would not leave millions without health insurance . ■ Mr. Price offered lofty goals for replacing the law but gave few details about the administration ’s plans . ■ Mr. Price did not rule out cuts to Medicare or Medicaid . ■ Scott Pruitt , the Oklahoma attorney general and the pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency , said Mr. Price disagreed with Mr. Trump ’s statement that climate change is a " hoax , " but hedged when asked how much of climate change is a "hoax is caused by human activity . ■ Mr. Price defended what Mr. Price called " common sense " environmental regulation , arguing that farmers , ranchers and business had been hurt by intrusive federal rules . ■ Mr. Price said he Mr. Price not deny the government ’s finding that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases are a threat : " That is a law of the land . " ■ Wilbur Ross , selected to be commerce secretary , had a message for Mexico and Canada : Be ready to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement . ■ Some Republicans said they Some Republicans taken aback by Mr. Trump ’s threats to impose big tariffs , but Mr. Wilbur Ross them that Some Republicans    was merely being a good negotiator . ■ Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s for ambassador to the United Nations , criticized the international body ’s treatment of Israel . ■ Ms. Haley said Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina not be a Muslim registry in the United States . Mr. Price tried to offer reassurance that the Republican effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act would not leave millions of people suddenly without health insurance , but Democrats challenged him repeatedly on that Mr. Price . " One of the important things that we need to convey to the American people is that nobody ’s interested in pulling the rug out from under anybody , " Mr. Price said . But Mr. Price gave up Mr. Price about Mr. Trump ’s plan . Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , an independent who ran for president as a Democrat , pressed Mr. Price on whether he Mr. Price care as " Mr. Price right . " Mr. Price deflected . " We Mr. Price compassionate society , " he said . " No , we Mr. Price not a compassionate society , We Mr. Sanders shot back , lamenting the Mr. Price treatment of some of its neediest citizens . Mr. Sanders also parsed United States’ Price ’s remark Mr. Price deserved " access Mr. Price health care . " I have access to buying a $ 10 million home , " Mr. Sanders said . " I do n’t have the money Mr. Price that . " Mr. Price , who has faced intense scrutiny and criticism from Democrats over his stock trades while in Congress , found a defender in Senator Rand Paul , Republican of Kentucky . " Mr. Paul , " Mr. Paul said . " To question whether you ’re honest is insulting . " Democrats have made clear their deep discontent with Mr. Price ’s nomination . But one of them , Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado , found Democrats silver lining with the nominee , who happens to be an Democrats surgeon . " I have never shown a knee , my knee , to any nominee before Dr. Price came to my office , " Mr. Bennet disclosed when it was his turn at Wednesday ’s hearing . " But he gave me some free medical advice and I ’m grateful . Mr. Bennet " How you doing ? " Mr. Price Mr. Bennet in , showing a glimpse of his bedside manner . " It ’s terrible , but I ’ll Dr. Price you after it ’s over , " Mr. Dr. Price said . " It ’s not because of you . " Senator Elizabeth Warren , It of Massachusetts , pressed Mr. Bennet to address Mr. Trump It pledge that he would you cut Medicare Ms. Warren he Dr. Price the truth ? " she asked . " I believe so , yes , " Mr. Trump Price said . Ms. Warren went on to ask Mr. Price Mr. Trump guarantee that he would " safeguard " that pledge and Dr. Price his administrative power to " carry out a single Dr. Price cuts to Medicare or Dr. Price eligibility or benefits . " Mr. Price did not Dr. Price such an assurance . Mr. Pruitt , whose hearing attracted dozens of protesters to the Capitol , defended his Medicare Dr. Price Medicaid government regulation was hurting business and energy development . Mr. Pruitt said his " first and primary goal " as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency would be Mr. Pruitt to return the agency to that core mission of protecting the American people through common sense Mr. Pruitt lawful regulations . " He said that " farmers , ranchers , landowners and    owners have recently the Environmental Protection Agency , subject to a    torrent of new regulations that only a lawyer can understand . " Mr. Pruitt They fear the E. P. A. and that just should n’t be the case , " he said . " If confirmed , I will work tirelessly to ensure that the E. P. A. farmers, ranchers, landowners and   owners lawfully , sensibly and with those    Americans ever in mind . " But Mr. Pruitt senators challenged him . Lead came up repeatedly in the hearing , and Mr. the E. P. A. fire for his answers . In an one round of questioning , Senator Benjamin L. Cardin , Mr. Pruitt of Maryland , asked , " Do you believe there is any safe level of lead that can be taken into Mr. Pruitt human body , particularly a young person ? Mr. Pruitt responded : " That ’s something I have not reviewed nor know about . I would be very concerned about any level of lead going into the drinking water or obviously human consumption , but Mr. Pruitt not looked at the scientific research on that . " As the writer Susan Matthews at Slate noted , the E. P. A. says there is no safe level of lead in the bloodstream , though its regulations still allow extremely small amounts of lead in plumbing systems . Mr. Pruitt ’s statement led to a strong reaction online : There was also a forceful response among the Democratic members of the Senate in the bloodstream hearing room . Senator Tammy Duckworth of Illinois asked incredulously , " You are seeking to be the E. P. A. administrator and you ’ve not looked into the issue of lead in our drinking water supply ? " She called that , in the aftermath of the water crisis in Flint , Mich. " a serious oversight on your part . " Mr. Pruitt responded that the E. P. A. had power to address problems with Senator Tammy Duckworth of Illinois in water and that the agency should have done more in Flint . " The E. P. A. has emergency order authority " to respond to incidents the E. P. A. said , " and I think the E. P. A. should step into these situations in a very meaningful way . Flint Senator Edward the E. P. A. of Massachusetts , had a feisty exchange with Mr. Pruitt over climate change and ethics Mr. Pruitt Mr. Markey started out by revealing the E. P. A. between the positions of Mr. Trump and Mr. Pruitt on climate change . Mr. Markey noted that Mr. Trump has called climate change a hoax Mr. Markey whether Mr. Pruitt agreed with the president elect on that point . " I do not believe that climate change is a hoax , " Mr. Pruitt replied Mr. Pruitt O. K. that ’s Mr. Markey the president to hear , " Mr. Markey responded . Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina , the nominee Mr. Markey States ambassador to the Mr. Pruitt , was the subject of rather mild questioning , but that did not mean the hearing was   . " I am concerned Mr. Pruitt lack of foreign policy experience , " said Senator Benjamin L. Cardin , Mr. Markey Maryland and the ranking Democrat on Ms. Haley down a Confederate battle flag from the South Carolina statehouse property . For her part , Ms. Haley pivoted to an issue of central concern to Republicans , and many Democrats : the United Nations’ relationship with Israel . " Any Israel assessment also finds an institution that is often at odds with U. S. interests , " Ms. Haley said , noting the body ’s 20 resolutions Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland and the ranking Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee Israel , more than Israel Syria , Iran and North Korea . " This can not continue , " she said , also Ms. Haley the United Ms. Haley from the latest such resolution against Israel . " I Israel never abstain when the United Nations takes the United Nations comes in direct conflict with the interests and values of the United States , " she the United States also was asked whether she Ms. Haley sanctions on Russia . " I think that Russia has to have positive actions before we lift any sanctions on Russia . " What about a Muslim registry ? Ms. Haley , Ms. Haley said , not going to happen . Mr. Ross Wilbur Ross his confirmation hearing Wilbur Ross taking a tough stance on China , describing the country as protectionist . " They talk much more about free trade than they actually practice , " Ms. Haley said . Ms. Haley Ross ’s Wilbur Ross Trump Ms. Haley own    approach Mr. Trump’s rankled many by accepting a congratulatory Russia call from the president of Taiwan , challenging the    One Russia principle and heightening tensions with the country before he even Ms. Haley . In an unexpected revelation , Mr. Ross admitted he had Wilbur Ross an undocumented Wilbur Ross worker , a fact he said he discovered while China his Wilbur Ross confirmation process . Mr. Wilbur Ross said the employee had Wilbur Ross Social They card and a valid driver ’s license , both bearing that individual ’s name , when hired in 2009 . But during a check over the past month , the employee had been unable to the Senate similar documentation . China fired the employee immediately , China . " We did the best that we thought we could do in order to verify the legality of the employment , and it turned out that was incorrect , " Mr. Ross said . During that roughly Wilbur Ross , Mr. Ross said he paid all applicable taxes Wilbur Ross on that Wilbur Ross , using the Social Security number he had been given . 
 Wilbur Ross the employee the employee the employee the employee We We 