  ( CNN ) The debate expectations game . A busy October for President Obama . And a curious New Hampshire visit from a former presidential candidate .   These stories and more are a part of the " Inside Politics " forecast this week .   1 ) Team Clinton tries to raise the debate bar    Hillary Clinton ’s campaign has an eye on the 2000 presidential race as ’s campaign tries to frame the expectations for Team Clinton upcoming debates with Donald Trump .   Back then , Democrats think Democrats made a mistake by ridiculing George W. Bush and suggesting George W. Bush was n’t up to the task of debating Al Gore . When George W. Bush did better than expected , it diminished Al Gore ’s standing .   Fast forward 16 years , and Team Clinton wants a different outcome . Julie Pace of the Associated Press reports the Team Clinton campaign is determined to set a higher bar for Trump heading into the first debate next month .   " the Clinton campaign feels like Team Clinton is going to go into the debates with the heightened expectations that normally saddle an incumbent president while Trump will Trump a low bar to clear , " Pace explains . " We ’ll start to see officials reminding reporters and voters that Trump was Trump pretty good in his Republican Trump and obviously has a lot of experience being on television . "    2 )   Obama to hit campaign trail    President Obama Obama to return to the campaign trail in a little more than two weeks , stumping for Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia .   And CNN ’s Jeff Zeleny reports that is just a down payment .   The President has Obama of his October schedule to Obama Clinton campaign , with Hillary Clinton emphasis on mobilizing    voters but also boosting turnout in areas where he did well and Obama is weak . Hillary Clinton " He is setting his Obama on Iowa Obama Nevada , two states with more white populations , where he won and she Obama struggling mightily , " Zeleny reports . Sources tell him Joe Biden and Obama Obama will also be stumping for Clinton .    3 Hillary Clinton Florida voters turning more independent    Florida was the closest Florida the states that went blue in 2012 , with President Obama narrowly squeaking Michelle Obama victory over Mitt Romney .   So of course it is a major battleground in 2016 . And it ’s getting more complicated it   Ed O’Keefe of the Washington Post shared his reporting on the rise Ed O’Keefe of the Washington Post unaffiliated , or independent , voters in Florida .   One interesting   Florida : a big jump in the percentage of younger voters who refuse to align with a major political party .   " Under     voters are increasingly unaffiliated : 34 % compared to 38 % for Democrats and 26 % for Republicans , " explains O’Keefe . " They ’ve Ed O’Keefe of the Washington Post considerably . voters they have caught up to voters overall across the state , it ’s   Florida of the continuing trouble that both parties are going to have     but especially Republicans this year as they see more young voters , both parties minority voters , go no party affiliation . "   4 )    GOP senators face primary battles ,   This week there are two primaries that will test GOP incumbents and may provide a   GOP on the    fervor that fueled Trump ’s candidacy . The big question : Is that movement still bubbling ?    Marco Rubio is looking to be renominated for the U. S. Senate in Florida . John McCain is asking the same of Arizona Republicans .   Both are heavily favored , but both also have been less than Both in their support for Trump . The Both margins Tuesday Trump’s be watched closely .   The Atlantic ’s Molly Ball delved into the potential lessons .   " In Florida Marco Rubio , the once Florida future Senate candidate , has a challenger , a wealthy businessman who has made him spend money in that primary , " Ball says . " In Arizona , Senator John McCain has a challenger who has accused him of not being conservative enough Senator John McCain also made attacks on his age and his health . Senator John McCain these primaries Senator John McCain think the favorite will make it through . But they ( the challengers ) have All these primaries the incumbent or favorite candidate through their paces , made them spend All these primaries money . And All these primaries the vote totals end up could tell us where the base is . "    5 ) Kasich ’s New Hampshire visit : 2020 vision ?    Ohio Gov. John Kasich is in Kasich but he wants you to New Hampshire has nothing to Kasich with a potential 2020 presidential run . Or with reminding folks in a swing state he is still at odds with Donald Trump . Kasich The timing of his visit is n’t sitting well with prominent Trump Kasich in the state . But Kasich insists this Donald Trump an " all politics is Kasich " visit . The Sununu family was good to him in this year ’s presidential primaries and he Kasich looking to return their loyalty .    Kasich is expected to deliver an The Sununu family of Chris Kasich , who is in a competitive GOP primary for New Hampshire governor . Chris Sununu is the son of former New Hampshire Gov. Sununu Sununu and the brother of former New Hampshire Sen. John E. Sununu .   Both John Sununus were New Hampshire in the primaries Chris Sununu was officially Kasich former New Hampshire Sen. John E. Sununu But the family believes Sununu endorsement will be a boost , and GOP Kasich familiar Both John Sununus conversations say John E. Sununu   —    the former senator     made a personal appeal to the Ohio governor .   Kasich told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper this past week Kasich everyone should stop thinking about what , if anything , this means for 2020 .   But his allies in the state say it is no secret Kasich values the Sununu family loyalty Anderson Cooper And it Kasich no secret Kasich hopes that standing with his friends now will Kasich remembered should it be Kasich Kasich 2020 campaign . 
 Kasich 