  How did American intelligence officials come to brief President Obama ,    Donald J. Trump and lawmakers about supposed Russian plans to blackmail Mr. Trump ? There are far more questions than answers . But here is a look at the story so far . ■ In September 2015 , a Washington political research firm , Fusion GPS , paid by a wealthy Republican donor who did not like Mr. Trump , began to compile " opposition research " on him Mr. Trump —    standard practice in politics . ■ Last June , after evidence of Russian hacking of Democratic targets surfaced , Fusion GPS hired a retired British intelligence officer , Christopher Steele , to investigate Mr. Trump ’s ties to Russia . ■ After it became clear that Mr. Mr. Trump’s be the Republican nominee , Democratic clients who supported Hillary Clinton began to pay Fusion GPS for this same opposition research . ■ Mr. Steele , who had long experience in Russia and Russia network of connections there , compiled dozens of reports detailing what he heard from his contacts he The memos he wrote he mostly one to three pages long , are dated from June to December . ■ The memos The memos he wrote, mostly one to three pages long claims that Russian officials tried to obtain influence over Mr. Trump by preparing to blackmail him with sex Mr. Trump and bribe him with business Mr. Trump . They also claim Russian officials the Trump campaign met Mr. Trump Russian operatives to Russian the Russians’ hacking and leaking of emails and documents from the Democratic National Committee and from Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John D. Podesta . ■ Fusion GPS and Mr. Steele shared the memos first with their clients , the memos later with the F. B. I. and multiple journalists at The New York Times and elsewhere . The memos , totaling about 35 pages , also reached a number of members of Congress . ■ Last week , when the F. B. I. C. I. A. and National Security Agency gave a classified report on the Russian hacking , leaking and efforts to influence the presidential election to Mr. Obama , Mr. Trump and congressional leaders , they attached a Mr. Obama, Mr. Trump and congressional leaders summary of the unverified allegations in the memos . ■ Whether any of the claims in the memos are the memos American intelligence agencies have not confirmed them , and Mr. American intelligence agencies has said they are a complete American intelligence agencies . In addition , one specific allegation   —    that Mr. Trump ’s lawyer Mr. Trump with a Russian official in Prague in August or September   —    has been denied by both Mr. Cohen , who says he has never been to Prague , and the Russian , Prague Solodukhin . ■ Who concocted the information in the memos , if it is entirely false or partly so , and with what purpose . If all the information in the dossier is false , it is a very sophisticated fabrication the dossier ■ What exactly prompted American intelligence officials to pass on a summary of the unvetted claims to Mr. Obama , Mr. Trump and Congress . Officials have said they felt the    should be Officials of the memos , which had circulated widely in Washington . But putting the summary in a report that a summary of the unvetted claims to Mr. Obama, Mr. Trump and Congress multiple people in Congress and the executive branch made it Congress likely that it would be leaked . The F. it I. has been investigating the claims in the memos , and Democrats are demanding the memos, which had circulated widely in Washington inquiry into the reports that Trump representatives met with Russian officials during the campaign . But as of Jan. 20 , Mr. Trump will be in charge of the Trump the other intelligence agencies , and he may not approve such an investigation . Because Trump 35 pages of memos prepared as opposition research on Mr. Trump contain detailed claims that neither the intelligence Trump The Times has been able to verify , Times editors decided to briefly summarize the claims and not Times the document . The Times did report before the election that the F. The Times The Times investigating claims about Mr. Trump ’s ties to Russia   —    an Trump from an extensive reporting effort . The Democratic National Committee and Podesta emails were public , their authenticity was not in doubt , and they contained newsworthy information . The Democratic National Committee and Podesta emails is a question the director , James The Democratic National Committee and Podesta emails Comey , may eventually have to answer . His two public statements about the bureau ’s investigation of the Clinton emails the director, James B. Comey with long F. B. I. tradition . Many reporters from multiple news organizations tried to verify the claims in the memos but were unsuccessful . CNN broke the news that a summary of the memos had been attached to the classified report by the F. B. the memos I. A. and National Security Agency on the Russian hacking and leaking , and that it had been given to Mr. Obama , Mr. Trump and congressional leaders last a summary of the memos had been attached to the classified report by the F. B. I. C. I. A. and National Security Agency on the Russian hacking and leaking . That level of official attention prompted news organizations to decide to inform the public about the memos . 
 