  ( CNN ) President Barack Obama came face to face with the human cost borne by the military ’s    generation on Wednesday during a CNN presidential town hall moderated by Jake Tapper . Appearing before a military audience in Fort Lee , Virginia , President Barack Obama also confronted the limits of President Barack Obama own power as President Barack Obama fielded probing questions about terrorist groups and health care delays for veterans . It all played out against the backdrop of the first congressional override of a veto during President Barack Obama ’s nearly eight years in office .   While President Barack Obama repeatedly expressed empathy and gratitude for the sacrifices of so many in the audience , President Barack Obama found President Barack Obama grappling with situations where the government had n’t been able to do enough . Donna Coates , whose husband Barry died from colon cancer after waiting a year for a scan due to delays at a Veterans Affairs facility , asked Obama why vets still struggled for adequate medical care despite Obama administration ’s promises to fix the problems . RELATED : Aleppo teeters but no sign of US action , " Nothing has changed , " Coates said . " I am now a widow and my family , we wo n’t ever be the same . " Obama said Obama heart went out to Coates , pledging to look into why the contracted doctor said to have misdiagnosed the contracted doctor husband was still treating vets . But Obama said Obama administration was working diligently to fix the VA and had made progress , adding that Obama had increased the department ’s budget faster and more aggressively than he Obama . " We the department have a situation where about 80 % of individuals who interact with the the VA the VA that they are about 80% of individuals who interact with the VA timely treatment . I want that to be 100 % , " Obama said , comparing the VA the VA ocean liner that takes time to get on the right course . Soldiers strugging with PTSD , Another widow , Amanda Souza , whose husband took his own life whose husband suffering    stress disorder from multiple deployments , fought her emotions to plead with Obama to do Obama for troops’ mental health     warning that many like her husband were her to ask for help . " He ended up her husband the ranks of the , on average , 22 veterans a day that commit suicide , " said Souza . " her husband is something we just have to talk about more , " Obama responded , Obama that he had instructed Obama Joint Chiefs of Staff to    mental health issues . He said there Obama nothing weak about soldiers asking for help . There were also moments when Obama was challenged Obama audience members , including Tina Houchins , whose     son Aaron was killed in Baghdad in 2007 . She brought up Obama that Obama was unwilling Obama label terrorism as specifically linked to Islam . Obama replied by Obama the notion was " manufactured " by his critics and Obama that al Qaeda and ISIS had perverted Islam as an excuse for carnage and death . He then offered Obama extended defense of why     though he said he Obama n’t Obama to the term     he does n’t Obama it ’s helpful to use . " When you start calling these organizations Islamic terrorists , the way it is heard , the way it is received it our friends and allies around the world , is that somehow Islam is terroristic . That then makes them feel as these organizations they are under these organizations , " he said warning Obama a contest between the West and Islam . And he was asked Obama 1st Lt . James Sutter , who serves in a mortuary affairs company , whether he appreciates that James Sutter, who serves in a mortuary affairs company in the military who had seen comrades lay down their lives did comrades like to see NFL players kneeling during the national anthem to protest racial disparities in policing     a practice Obama previously defended . " I believe that us honoring our flag and us anthem is us what binds us together as a us , " Obama said . " Obama I am also always trying to remind folks that part of what makes this country special is that we respect people ’s rights to have a different opinion . .. We fight sometimes so that people can do things we disagree with . We Some of the questions forced the President to ponder the limits of his own capacity to the President change not just within military institutions such as the VA , but in Washington and around the world . Obama is overridden , While he was out of Obama for the forum , Congress acted to override one of his vetoes for the Obama time . The new law allows relatives of    victims to sue Saudi Arabia and other countries alleged to be complicit in terror attacks on Americans . " I think it was a mistake , " Obama said of the Obama , though he added , " Obama understand why it happened . Obviously all of us still carry the scars and trauma of   . " He blamed the override Obama election the override . " If you ’re perceived as voting against    families right before an election , not surprisingly , that ’s a hard vote for people to take , " he said . " Obama it was , you know , basically a political vote . " RELATED : Congress overrides Obama ’s veto of    bill , The constraints on Obama ’s power abroad were Obama on display . He painstakingly defended his decision Obama to become Obama involved in stopping the carnage in Syria , even after recently admitting that he is constantly haunted by Obama human toll of the civil war . " There has n’t been probably a week that has gone by in which I have n’t examined some of the underlying premises around how we are dealing with this situation in Syria , " Obama told Syria . But , he continued , " there Obama not a scenario in which , absent us deploying large numbers of troops , we can stop a civil us in which both sides are deeply dug in . " He concluded , " It Obama in these situations where you have to make judgments about what is best for the national security interests of the United States even though what you see is heartbreaking . " A plan for Afghanistan , Laying out one of his core national security rationales Obama he said great nations get Obama trouble when they become   . Col great nations Adam Butler , who served in Afghanistan and is the Fort Afghanistan Garrison Commander , asked Obama how he could prevent gains made Obama from being lost when US troops leave , as happened in Iraq . The President said that Washington Obama allies were working to train Washington equip Afghanistan ’s armed forces and Afghanistan maintain a    operation in the country . But he Afghanistan that much rested on Obama behavior of local governments that the US can not always control . " This is true in Iraq , this is true in Afghanistan Iraq .. those governments also Afghanistan to be responsive local governments , " he said . " They have to Obama to eliminate corruption and local governments leadership has to say , ’We are local governments going to treat Sunnis differently than Shi’ite or Kurd or whatever ethnic groups are in these countries.’ " " We are not going to have the capacity to police every one of these countries , to run every one of ethnic groups , " Obama said , referring to ethnic groups Somalia and Yemen . Obama was also clearly conscious of the fact that his Obama as commander in chief is almost over and Obama it his commanding bully pulpit . He used one of his time as commander in chief Obama    television venues Wednesday Obama to warn against Obama vision of America presented by some on the other side of the aisle . Though he denied he was taking a personal swipe at Republican Obama Donald Obama , Obama warned that people who use " loose " language about terrorism and Islam and propose greater scrutiny of US Muslims were on a " slippery slope . " His last question was about two people dear to his Obama who will also set out on a new Obama when the family leaves the White House in January . Asked how he would respond if either of his daughters Malia and Obama said they wanted to join Obama military , he said : either of his daughters Malia and Sasha I ’d say , go for Obama . " But he admitted he would share the anxiety many military families Obama when Obama loved ones , particularly children , are deployed . many military families I ’d be lying if I said I would n’t sometimes get nervous about possible deployments , " he told the audience . " Your kids are your Obama and you want to keep them tucked in Your kids pajamas for the rest of your Your kids if you had Your kids chance . " 
 