She compared him to Hitler , likened him campaign to a " racist " version of " Fun with Dick and Jane " and even said him evoked the murderous child star in " The Bad Seed . " " I just think him ’s " an idiot , Cher said of Donald J. Trump , adding a decidedly unprintable modifier . The crowd on Sunday in Provincetown , Mass. one of the country ’s gay capitals , roared the country approval at Cher ’s succinct and salty assessment . But the famed singer and actress was not just riffing between songs at a concert : the famed singer and actress was introducing Hillary Clinton at a    for the famed singer and actress presidential campaign . Cher did more than just blister Mr. Trump . the famed singer and actress also offered a blunt appraisal of Hillary Clinton strengths and weaknesses . " This chick is just tougher than Chinese algebra , " Cher said of the Democratic nominee . Prompting a mix of nervous laughter and applause , the famed singer and actress added , " the famed singer and actress is shy , and the famed singer and actress ’s not the greatest speaker in the world . " Cher said the famed singer and actress had told her the famed singer and actress being deeply affected by her the famed singer and actress effort to spearhead an overhaul of the nation ’s health care system in 1993 . " She the famed singer and actress so crushed by the G. O. P. just for trying to set up health care , and she the famed singer and actress thought it would be so personal , and she the famed singer and actress it made her it of pull in . " " I hope she the famed singer and actress n’t mind my telling this story , " Cher said , adding : " Too late now ! " Her the famed singer and actress remarks , recorded by an attendee and posted on Facebook , offered a colorful glimpse at a part of the presidential campaign that has been mainly    to the general public and journalists this election cycle . Both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump have generally barred reporters from attending their   . Both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump Cher demonstrated , the language used in private settings like the event on Cape Cod   —    which brought in more than $ 1 million for Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign   —    can be more inflammatory and raw than what is said with a bank of television cameras present . And it was not just the entertainer , whose Twitter posts often employ a toilet emoji instead of Mr. Trump ’s name , who spoke bluntly . Mrs. Clinton , who often discusses how well she was able to work with Republicans during her tenure in she Senate , took the stage and acknowledged former Representative Barney Frank , Democrat of Massachusetts , noting that he has been promoting a new bumper sticker . " I think it is something like , ‘ Democrats Are n’t Perfect   —    but They ’re Nuts Democrats ’ " said Mrs. Clinton . she understand that . " But Mrs. Clinton , a portion of whose remarks was also posted online , was not onstage when Cher , 70 , arrived to loud applause ,    a few lines of her song " Woman    World . " Cher warned that Mr. Cher ’s slogan , " Make America Great Again , " was only a guise for a more divisive message . " He means , ‘ Mr. Trump want to make America straight and white,’ America she said . And Cher belittled Mr. Trump Cher his Mr. Trump at the Mr. Trump convention to the " L. G. B. T. Q. " community . " It ’s like he just learned it , Mr. Trump know ? It she said to laughter Cher Speaking without notes , Cher ’s performance was more of an    routine than a traditional political speech . " Do you remember ‘ Fun with Dick and Jane ? ’ " she asked , referring Cher the 1970s comedy . " It ’s like ‘ Racist Fun with Dick ‘ Jane.’ We ’re Dick to build walls ! " Mr. Trump , she added , reminded her Mr. Trump the pigtailed blond Mr. Trump Patty McCormack from " The Bad Seed . " " Consummate liar , does n’t care who she hurts , insane and Mr. Trump you know , sociopathic narcissist , " she said . " I Mr. Trump wish he ’d fall off the Mr. Trump of the earth . " Veering into more incendiary territory , Cher invoked " old despots " and received a subdued response when she mentioned Hitler and Stalin Cher " We ’re going to make Germany great again , " she said , before digressing Cher a bit on Britain ’s vote to leave the European Union . Even as she sought to use her Cher comments to praise Cher Clinton   —    " I believe in her so much , " Cher said   —    Cher could not help but return to the object of her ire , Mr. Trump Cher " I know that if he got into office , our world would be the worst place , " Cher said . " I Cher n’t think we could imagine how bad our could get . " She added that , " Cher breaking news ever happened and he had to go to he podium , we would just all go our .. " She finished her thought with Cher    Cher of disgust . Then she walked off to a Cher of applause . 
 