Washington ( CNN ) FBI Director James Comey spent Thursday afternoon on Capitol Hill meeting with the eight lawmakers who have access to the most highly classified information , sources told CNN .   FBI Director James Comey was scheduled to meet with the House members of the    Gang of Eight at 5 p. m. and FBI Director James Comey met earlier in the afternoon with the senators in the group     including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , and the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Intelligence committee , Republican Sen. Richard Burr and Democrat Mark Warner respectively . The House members include House Speaker Paul Ryan , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , House Chairman Devin Nunes and House Intelligence Ranking Member Adam Schiff .   Comey ’s visit comes after Schiff House Intelligence Ranking Member Adam Schiff the FBI director of stonewalling House House in a briefing last week and both Schiff House Intelligence Ranking Member Adam Schiff Nunes aired their Schiff and Nunes that Comey Comey been withholding information from the group through last year . Lawmakers have amped up their Lawmakers into Russia ’s interference in the US elections and communications with the Trump’s The House Intelligence Committee set an aggressive timeline of gathering intelligence by March 17 and hosting its first public hearing March 20 The House Intelligence Committee   Trump ’s own accusations that he President Donald Trump    by the administration Trump’s former President Barack Obama only added fuel to the fire     Republican lawmakers largely stepped away from Trump ’s unverified allegations , but President Donald Trump said they plan to investigate whether surveillance of lawmakers ’s Manhattan headquarters was conducted last President Donald Trump   Meanwhile , some Democrats said they may be ready to issue subpoenas for some Democrats ’s tax returns in order to find President Donald Trump in their continuing investigations . Sources on the Senate Intelligence some Democrats said they want all the potential Trump associates who allegedly Sources on the Senate Intelligence Committee with Russian officials to President Donald Trump before the committee . This includes former campaign chairman Paul the Senate Intelligence Committee former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and former adviser Carter Page . It ’s unclear when they would come before the committee This but senators say former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and former adviser Carter Page have n’t ruled the Senate Intelligence Committee prospect of subpoenas if those former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and former adviser Carter Page associates do n’t comply .   This is President Donald Trump all the potential Trump associates who allegedly spoke with Russian officials to testify before the committee have gone to CIA headquarters in Langley said they have reviewed information about the extent of the aggressive Russian attacks trying senators who have gone to CIA headquarters in Langley influence the US election . But the senators have not yet pieced together the information to determine any potential senators Trump associates and Russian officials . Sen. Dianne Feinstein President Donald Trump a veteran Democrat on the intelligence panel Russian said she wants Trump ’s tax returns as part of this investigation President Donald Trump " The Sen. Dianne Feinstein, a veteran Democrat on the intelligence panel returns become a primary lead into a Russia connection     and that would be Russian money in his businesses . He ’s visited Russia six times by his own Russian on television Russian Who knows Russian the situation Russia ? " Warner Russian CNN that the Senate committee is getting access to classified intelligence usually reserved for the " Gang of Eight , " part of an effort to dig deeply into the issue of Russia ’s meddling with the US election last year . 
 Russia 