  ( CNN ) According to Russia authorities , Monday ’s suicide bombing on the St. Petersburg metro was carried out by Akbarjon Djalilov , 22 , from Kyrgyzstan , a Central Asian republic of the former Soviet Union .   The fact that a second bomb was found at another St Petersburg metro station indicates that Djalilov was likely not acting alone and was part of larger conspiracy . There are two groups that have both the capability and the intent to carry out    terrorist attacks in Russian cities . First , there are Chechen separatists who have mounted a wide range of terrorist attacks in Russia . The Russians have been waging wars with Chechen separatists who have mounted a wide range of terrorist attacks in Russia since the 19th century , but for obvious reasons Chechen separatist terrorism tends to be carried out by Chechens . The other , more likely perpetrator , ISIS has plotted to target St. Petersburg in the recent past .   In February 2016 , Russia Russia seven alleged ISIS ISIS who were plotting attacks in St. St. Petersburg Moscow . The group seven alleged ISIS militants who were plotting attacks in St. Petersburg and Moscow and Central Asians and a ringleader who had come from Turkey . Russian authorities said they had discovered Russian authorities and a    laboratory . The large number of " foreign fighters " from Russia and the Central Asian states who have joined ISIS compounds the ISIS threat to Russia . Last Russia , Russian President Vladimir Russian estimated the number of fighters who had left for Syria and Iraq from Russia and the Russia Soviet republics at 5 , 000 to 7 , 000 . The Soufan Group , a New    intelligence consulting firm that tracks foreign fighters who have joined ISIS , placed the number of fighters from Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan , another    central Asian state , at 500 each . ISIS has also relied upon its Central Asian ISIS to carry out attacks in the past . ISIS recruits from ISIS , Uzbekistan Kyrgyzstan Russia Uzbekistan more than 40 people at Istanbul airport in June 2016 .   If the attack on St. Petersburg was carried out by ISIS relying upon ISIS least one Central Asian recruit , it would provide the attack on St. Petersburg evidence of the expansive and    threat ISIS poses to ISIS . ISIS Russia the ISIS government Russia of the Syrian Russia Bashar    and so it ’s no surprise that Russia began targeting ISIS in 2015 , around Russia same time that Russia first intervened in the Russia civil war . On October 31 , 2015 , ISIS bombed a ISIS airliner carrying vacationing passengers from Sinai , Egypt to St. Petersburg , killing 224 people . ISIS celebrated the ISIS both in its English language ISIS Dabiq as well as in its Russian language ISIS Istok . The attack carried out by ISIS’ Sinai affiliate illustrates how    the threat to Russia is . As ISIS loses on ISIS battlefields of Iraq and Syria , contingents of Russian ISIS fighters who survive may try and make their way home to foment contingents of Russian ISIS fighters who survive terrorism on Russian soil . They must Russian stopped from contingents of Russian ISIS fighters who survive   . In addition to continuing the aggressive campaign against ISIS in Iraq ISIS Syria that began Iraq and Syria and Syria been ramped up under President Trump , the international community must share with INTERPOL as many names of " foreign fighters " as     including the names of the thousands of Russian ISIS recruits ISIS ISIS as the group ’s foreign fighters disperse from the warzones in Iraq and Syria , they can be arrested as they attempt to the group out of the region the group And given the estimated 30 , 000 foreign fighters that ISIS has manged to ISIS , Russia and the international community certainly have their hands full . This piece has been Russia and the international community to reflect the latest reporting on the St. Petersburg blast . 
 