Veteran political operative Roger Stone questions whether Texas Sen. Ted Cruz has the " temperament " to be president . On Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM , Roger Stone cited Texas Sen. Ted Cruz testy interview with radio host Sean Hannity . [ " The pressure really is on Cruz Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . It The pressure a very , very narrow path going forward , " Roger Stone said . " I really wonder if Ted Texas Sen. Ted Cruz he had Texas Sen. Ted Cruz temperament to be president last night with Sean Hannity Sean Hannity do n’t want my president blowing up like that . I do n’t want the guy with his finger on my president button snapping like that . "   Roger Stone also called GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s big win in New York a " massacre " and said Cruz should give up on Northeastern states while building support in California . " Given the fact that Connecticut , the most Republican part of Connecticut , is in the New York media New York and that is also true of the upcoming New Jersey   —    the largest part of New Jersey , about New Jersey of New Jersey voters are in New Jersey York media the New York media market that has an impact on several of the bordering states . So it does magnify the win . This was a massacre , This said Stone a win that has an impact on several of the bordering states Trump spent very little resources , " Stone said . " This was once again Donald Trump himself campaigning Stone the upstate area an in places like Watertown on a very strategically clever operation and targeted congressional districts based on sophisticated polling . So we saw a new sophistication in the Trump campaign we have n’t seen previously and I attribute this to Trump couple we . " Stone credited ’s Paul Manafort ’s role in the campaign and a Stone   local operation " for delivering New York to Trump . " It was a big , big win and it Trump Ted Cruz at a real disadvantage going forward on this It contests , " he said . " And that in turn can give them a Ted Cruz of steam going into California . " He also advised the Cruz campaign to cut its losses in the Ted Cruz and focus on Ted Cruz upcoming California primary Ted Cruz One of the most important factors in the 2016 California , Stone said , was " voters are upset with what they see as a broken system . They equate this with Congress voters " " This is Trump country voters " Stone said of Northeastern states . " Delaware Trump country is     Stone not insignificant in terms of the count . I spoke to someone on Governor Maryland ’s staff yesterday . He tells me it ’s Trump country as far as they can Stone . " " You ’re going to see the same phenomenon in Baltimore of Democrats being unhappy they ca n’t vote in the Republican primary . They ’re going to Democrats up in droves , I predict , and Democrats turned away because they ’re not allowed to vote under the state party rules . I Democrats you ’re coming into a period here where this is Trump ’s backyard . He ’s expected to do well . Ted Cruz won Oklahoma and that Trump’s next to Texas . And this in many ways is the same phenomenon , " Stone added . Breitbart News Daily airs from 6 am to 9 am EST weekdays on SiriusXM Patriot 125 . LISTEN : 
 