DETROIT   —    President Trump ’s goal of stimulating growth in the American auto industry is getting a big push from the seemingly insatiable appetite of consumers for more trucks and sport utility vehicles . On Tuesday , Ford Motor became the latest car company to announce major investments in Ford Motor facilities in the United States , prompting President Trump to hail the move as another milestone in his President Trump to support domestic auto manufacturing . But the decision by Ford to invest $ 1 . 2 billion in three Michigan locations is more about America ’s love affair with pickups and S. U. V.s than about economic policies put forth by the Trump administration . Like similar announcements made this year by General Motors and Fiat Chrysler , Ford Ford is primarily driven by competitive pressures to keep pace with the surging market for new truck and S. U. V. models . The centerpiece of Ford ’s Ford involves spending $ 850 million to upgrade its assembly plant Ford Wayne , Mich. to build a new Ranger pickup and Bronco S. U. V. The decision to add the new models was previously agreed to in Ford ’s labor Ford with the United Automobile Workers , and was hardly a surprise given the industry ’s continued shift toward larger , more utilitarian vehicles . And although Mr. Trump basked in the news with a Twitter message that hailed " car companies coming back to U. S. , " Ford said the Ford was The decision to add the new models the realities of the current marketplace . " These products are well positioned for where consumers are now and where they are going , These products said Joseph R. Hinrichs , president of Ford ’s Americas Ford . About three out of every five new vehicles sold in the United States are trucks and sport utility vehicles , and their popularity has been every five new vehicles sold in the United States to the industry ’s two straight years of record overall sales . The growth in larger models is partly because of low gasoline prices , as well as continued efforts by automakers to broaden their product lineups to automakers demand . G. M. for example , has enjoyed success with a new line of midsize pickups that offer consumers an attractive alternative to its larger truck models . Fiat Chrysler , for its part , has Fiat Chrysler its portfolio of Jeep Fiat Chrysler U. V.s to feature smaller models that incorporate the rugged styling and capability that has defined the brand for years . In Ford ’s case , the company needed to Ford beyond its    pickups with a Ford Ranger model that could compete with G. M. ’s entries in the segment . Similarly , the Bronco adds another S. U. V. in Ford showrooms to rival the Ford lineup . Mr. Hinrichs said the new models were " building on our strengths " in the truck and S. U. V. categories   —    even as the investments are seen as a response to Mr. Trump ’s aggressive push for more American auto jobs . In addition to the investment in the Wayne assembly plant , Ford said Tuesday that it would spend $ 150 Ford to add or retain 130 jobs at a Michigan engine plant , and invest $ 200 million on an advanced data center to support the development of autonomous and electrified vehicles . He said the investments were Ford discussed with Mr. Trump when he met with auto executives Ford March 15 in the Detroit area , vowing to reduce government regulations to promote job growth . " It was n’t part of that conversation , " Mr. Hinrichs said , noting Ford has been steadily expanding its domestic manufacturing operations since the Ford recession . " We are glad to call this country our home , " he said We " And we Ford proud to be going We in our commitment to invest in manufacturing We . " But it is difficult to deny that Mr. Trump ’s intense interest in the auto industry is having an effect on the production plans of Ford , G. M. and other automakers . During his presidential campaign , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump criticized Ford , Mr. Trump , for its plans to build a $ 1 Ford 6 billion factory to make small cars in Mexico . After justifying the move on several occasions as a prudent investment , Ford suddenly scrapped the Mexican plant after Ford Trump ’s election . Since then Mr. Trump has shifted its focus to expanding and Ford of its facilities Ford its home state of Michigan . It Ford hardly alone Ford On the day of Mr. Trump ’s visit to Michigan , G. M. Mr. Trump would create or retain about Michigan jobs in the state Ford —    mostly to support manufacturing of new its home state of Michigan U. V. s. This week , the Japanese automaker Honda said it would spend $ 85 million to improve manufacturing flexibility at its plant the Japanese automaker Honda Alabama that makes S. U. V. s , pickups and the Japanese automaker Honda . The industry could see more American investment in the months ahead if the truck and S. U. V. market continues to expand . And Mr. Trump could accelerate the flow of money into American plants if he follows through with his pledge to establish a border tax on vehicles Mr. Trump from Mexico and Mr. Trump . With the American market poised for another big year of vehicle sales , companies are eager to capitalize on the strong demand while it lasts   —    even if it means stepping up investments to increase production or introduce new models . it 