  ( CNN ) A woman was arrested late Tuesday night after A woman allegedly attempted to gain entry to the White House , telling police A woman was there to speak to President Donald Trump . Secret Service officers observed the woman , identified as Marci Wahl , 38 , walking and staring at the White House complex before discovering A woman had jumped a fence on the south side but had gotten stuck .   Officers found Wahl , of Everett , Washington , hanging from the inside of a fence by A woman shoelaces which were " caught on top of the a fence " according to a police report obtained by CNN . " The individual became entangled in security features affixed to the top of the fence a fence them in the The individual on the inside of the fence , a fence Secret Service told CNN .   Security CNN the White House was briefly elevated with Secret Service agents and the Secret Service the posture of their readiness , they say officers   Wahl officers who did not have any weapons on her , was arrested and transported to a nearby police station after refusing medical treatment . Secret Service and Washington Metropolitan the Secret Service discovered a map of the White House when the arrested the White House did not have a criminal history . She was charged with unlawful entry and pleaded her guilty in DC superior court Wednesday , records show . She was released and given a stay away her and has an initial status hearing set for April 27 . A message left with her attorney was not returned . The arrest her the latest security incident to take place near the White House in recent days . On Saturday , a man jumped over a bicycle rack in front of the presidential mansion , briefly putting the complex into an escalated security posture , two law enforcement officials told CNN . And on March 10 , an intruder carrying a backpack with mace and a letter for the President jumped the White House fence and was able to stay on the grounds for more than 15 minutes . Trump was inside the residence at the time . 
 