Hillary Clinton painted a dark picture of conspiratorial forces seeking to destroy the Republic during Hillary Clinton Thursday speech against Donald Trump ’s supposed ties to the little recognized ‘ ’ cabal . [ " Donald Trump has built Donald Trump campaign on prejudice and paranoia    …      profoundly dangerous    …      what Donald Trump ’s doing here is more sinister     …      traffics in dark conspiracy theories    …      [ the ] " " [ is ] a fringe element has effectively taken over the Republican Party , " Clinton claimed , even though the    movement is so little known even Clinton own fans had no clue what Clinton was talking about .   For Clinton , that ’s just the     . This conspiracy is Clinton third stab at the malevolent schemes threatening the Republic , at least . Clinton ’s first national foray into deep pool of conspiracy theory in came 1998 , after Clinton disastrous attempt to nationalize America ’s healthcare industry via ‘ Hillarycare,’ and amid numerous legal investigations into personal corruption by Clinton and President Bill Clinton . In the January 1998 interview with NBC ’s The Today Show , President Bill Clinton uncorked President Bill Clinton claim that the husband ’s presidency was bedeviled by a " vast    conspiracy . " This is   —    the great story here for anybody willing to find it and write about it and explain it is this vast    conspiracy that has been conspiring against the husband’s since the day he the husband’s for president . " The ‘ VRWC,’ as it was quickly dubbed , did help take some media pressure of the Clinton caused by proliferating scandals . They included the Whitewater , Filegate and Travelgate scandals , plus many allegations charging President Bill Clinton with adultery , sexual harassment and rape . News of Bill ’s lies about Monica Lewinski had also broken and a special prosecutor had already been called to look into the allegations . The investigation into Monica Monica Lewinski to Bill Bill deposition evasions   —    or perjuries   —     about what he Bill or did n’t do and say in the possible rape of Juanita Broadderick , and then to his Bill impeachment in the House of Representatives . With all those scandals piling up , Clinton Bill felt the need to muddy the waters and so went on national TV to blame her Bill on a conspiracy . In February this year , CNN anchor Anderson Cooper pulled that memory out the bag and she instantly CNN anchor Anderson Cooper an VRWC 2 . 0 , featuring the Koch brothers . " Do you still believe there ’s a vast    conspiracy ? " he asked CNN anchor Anderson Cooper at CNN anchor Anderson Cooper Town Hall in Manchester , N. H. " Do n’t you ? " she responded CNN anchor Anderson Cooper before vehemently painting a new version of the conspiracy with the energy industry Koch Brothers at the center .   " Yea , its gotten Yea better funded . You know , they ’ve Yea in some new multibillionaires to pump the money in . You know these guys play for keeps . They want these guys control our country    …      They want these guys rig the economy so they get these guys and richer . They could these guys less about income inequality    …      make no mistake , they want these guys destroy unions , they want these guys go after any economic interest    …      They want these guys destroy our balance these guys power    …      [ global warming skeptics are ] they ’re global warming skeptics the bidding of the Koch brothers . " But she quickly gave up the conspiracy claim , admitting that " at this point , it is probably not correct to say it is a conspiracy , because it is out in the open . There is not doubt about what they ’re global warming skeptics and who the players are . " But her VRWC she . 0 has gotten dropped into the memory hole since Donald Trump snatched the nomination away from the candidates who were being backed by the Koch Brothers .    So the speech in Reno described a new conspiracy , best described as VRWC 3 . 0 .   The speech the speech in Reno VRWC 3 Reno 0 based around the bogeyman of the    ‘ Alt Right.’ In many ways the political climate today may seem little different for the Clintons than those    days of 1998 . Today , Clinton is desperate to distract voters from her new scandals   — Clinton her illegal use of a Clinton email server , her foreign policy disasters , Clinton the sordid details of her ersatz " charity , Clinton the Bill and Hillary Clinton Foundation . And Clinton ’s newest smoke screen Clinton theory seems to be getting just as much ridicule today as it did in 1998 . newest smoke screen conspiracy theory News commentator Charles Krauthammer quickly deemed Clinton ’s    speech " Clinton dud . " And even    commentator Glenn Greenwald thought the whole exercise was " strange . " Such a conspiracy theory also renders this behavior very strange : https :   . :   .    —    Glenn Greenwald ( @ggreenwald ) August 25 , 2016 , GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump blasted Clinton ’s speech as " Clinton " pandering to the worst instincts in our society . " Trump also charged Clinton with " GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump    to Clinton to get    voters , " and dismissed the political significance of the    cabal . Donald Trump on the " " GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump " Nobody even knows what it is " https :   .   https :   .    —    Anderson Cooper 360 ° ( @AC360 ) August 26 , 2016 ,   Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 