Hillary Clinton arrived 37 minutes late for Hillary Clinton speech to the American Legion conference in Cincinnati today , after rocking the night away at a fundraiser with Jimmy Buffett , Paul McCartney , and Jon Bon Jovi in the Hamptons in New York . [ Conference organizers were forced to fill the time gap with music and videos while military veterans waited in the audience for her arrival . Clinton was scheduled to take the stage at noon , but it was n’t until 12:37 p. m. that a conference organizer introduced Clinton .   Clinton immediately launched into a series of speeches condemning Trump , a candidate who is popular with many military families . " I am not going to talk a lot about politics today , " Clinton said before repeatedly bludgeoning Clinton opponent Donald Trump with several of Donald Trump controversial remarks as proof Donald Trump was not fit to lead as    . " My opponent in this race has said very clearly that Donald Trump thinks American Exceptionalism is insulting to the rest of the world , " Clinton said . Later Clinton noted that " My opponent is wrong when My opponent says America is no longer great . " " I completely reject anyone , including my opponent , who calls the American military , and I quote , ’a disaster,’ " Clinton said . Clinton also reminded anyone, including my opponent, who calls the American military that Trump was " just so wrong " for insulting people like Sen. John McCain and the Khan family .   " I will never , ever disrespect gold star families who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation or prisoners of war , " Clinton promised . Clinton also pleaded with veterans who may have never voted for a Democrat before to consider Clinton for president . " I suppose there are some of you who have never voted for a Democrat before . I get that , " Clinton said . " My dad was a rock ribbed Republican , but I learned at our dinner table that our can disagree without being disagreeable . " Trump will speak at the conference tomorrow . 
 