Colorado Springs , Colorado ( CNN ) Indiana Gov. Mike Pence told a church group here Thursday that there is " far too much of this talk of institutional bias or racism within law enforcement " during a conversation about faith . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence was answering a question posed by Bishop John Brannon who asked about how Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as vice president could personally unite the nation . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence referenced recent police shootings of black men in Tulsa , Oklahoma , and Charlotte , North Carolina , saying , " It ’s a very troubling time for us . "   The Charlotte shootings , which led to violence and unrest in Charlotte this week , have sparked discussions of lethal police force against   . Pence mentioned faith as his first means to reunite the country and reduce violence , but then said he his there was too much talk of how law enforcement officers conduct themselves law enforcement officers   " Donald Trump and I believe there ’s been far too much of this talk of institutional bias or racism within law enforcement . That police officers are human beings . In difficult and life threatening situations , mistakes are made and people have to be held to strict account , " Pence said . The governor reiterated his The governor that it is a challenging time to be in law enforcement and doubled down that " we ought to set aside this talk about institutional racism and institutional bias . " He The governor his The governor by saying it ’s time to " move away from the rhetoric of division and embrace the rhetoric of unity . " The The governor his opinion The governor when tragedies happen , voices of division come forward instead of voices of unity , though he did The governor directly mention President Barack Obama ’s leadership . Asked Wednesday about the police shootings in Charlotte and Tulsa , Trump did not address the Charlotte incident Charlotte said he was Trump very , very troubled " by the shooting of Terence Crutcher , an unarmed black man , in Tulsa on Friday night . 
 