A new survey suggests that nearly    of Muslim Americans will vote for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the upcoming presidential elections on November . [ The Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) released The Council on   Relations (CAIR) national survey Thursday , reporting that 72 percent of Muslim voters surveyed say 72 percent of Muslim voters surveyed will cast 72 percent of Muslim voters surveyed vote for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton on November 8 , with 4 percent intending to vote for Trump and 12 percent undecided .   Although CAIR claims that CAIR mission is to " enhance the understanding of Islam , encourage dialogue , protect civil liberties , empower American Muslims , and build coalitions that promote justice and mutual understanding , " CAIR has come under increasing fire for CAIR unwillingness to condemn Islamist violence and CAIR ties to international terrorist groups such as Hamas . Despite Hamas pretensions of being the voice for Muslim Americans , CAIR was designated as a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates , and has been criticized by leading political figures in the U. S. from both sides of the aisle . Senator Charles Schumer ( D. New York ) has described it as an organization " which we know has ties to terrorism , " while Senator Dick Durbin ( D. Illinois ) has said that CAIR is " unusual in CAIR extreme rhetoric and CAIR associations with groups that are suspect . " Moreover , Steven Pomerantz , former counterterrorism chief for the FBI , has noted that " CAIR , CAIR leaders , and CAIR activities effectively give aid to international terrorist groups . " Earlier this year , CAIR called on Muslims to openly defy U. S. Customs Agents when questioned on travel from Islamic controlled countries , urging U. S. Customs Agents to reply , " None of your Damn Business . " Although CAIR did not reveal the formulation of the questions asked in CAIR voter survey or what list of Muslim voters CAIR used for the 800 " independent live telephone " calls that composed CAIR study , CAIR did report that the 800 "independent live telephone" calls that composed its study were made " after the first presidential debate " and asked about Muslim turnout at the polls , whom they plan to vote for in the election and what issues they they are important in determining who to vote for . During the second debate , Donald Trump said that Hillary Clinton was afraid to use the expression " radical Islamic terrorism " in describing America ’s security issue , while Hillary Hillary Clinton the term " Islamic , " referring instead to " violent jihadist terrorists . " Commenting on the the second debate CAIR Government Affairs Director Robert McCaw criticized both expressions , insisting that the Islamic State has nothing to do with Islam . " There is no jihad that the Islamic State the Islamic State would be in the name of Islam , " McCaw said Islam CAIR Government Affairs Director Robert McCaw I would never apply this term to the criminal state ISIS . " According to CAIR , its survey has a margin CAIR error of plus or minus 3 . 5 percent . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 