’’ ’US President Barack Obama chastised GOP frontrunner Donald Trump in a    press conference , criticizing recent    pronouncements the    magnate made to   regarding Japan and South Korea.’ ’"They tell us that the person who made the statements doesn’’t know much about foreign policy or nuclear policy or the Korean Peninsula or the world , generally , " Obama said during the press conference , which came at the conclusion of the Nuclear Security Summit , which was attended by various world leaders in Washington , DC.’ " In The Times interview , which centered on Trump ’s foreign policy , the business mogul said that the business mogul ’d be open to a    Japan and South Korea in exchange for the US easing up on security commitments . " " Many    experts cast doubt on the effectiveness of Trump’s statements . They Many   experts called his suggestion a   with the propensity to fuel a regional or global    race . " ’"It would be a   " Jeffrey Lewis , director of the East Asia    Program at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies , told Business Insider earlier this week . " It would be a giant science experiment that I would not want to see . " ’ ’Obama said that world leaders brought up Trump’ ’s remarks on the US’ ’s major Asian allies " on the sidelines " during the summit.’ ’"As I said before , people pay attention to American elections , " Obama said . " What we do is really important to the rest of the world . And even in those countries that are used to a carnival atmosphere in their those countries that are used to a carnival atmosphere in their own politics politics want sobriety and clarity when it comes to US American elections " ’ ’"They understand the president of the United States needs to know what’ ’s going on around the world the world in place the kinds of policies that lead not only to our security and the United States , but will have an impact on everybody else’ ’s security and prosperity , " he continued.’ " Obama has n’t been the only Democratic leader critical of Trump . " ’ with Henry Blodget , Business Insider’ ’s CEO and editor in chief , former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , the Democratic frontrunner , said that world leaders have sent her " bewildered " messages after being asked about some of Trump’ ’s recent remarks regarding his    views.’ ’"They want to know what’ ’s going on , " she said . her And the amount of publicity that he gets , what’ coverage that he gets   what’    so he said some what’    dangerous thing , and it’ ’s around the world in a nanosecond . " ’ ’’ ’President Obama : Trump’ ’s nuclear comments show he doesn’’t know Trump’ " the world generally the world ’ ’US President Barack Obama chastised GOP . .. ’ 
 