The    Marketing poll released on Friday shows Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump in the presidential election by a 44 percent to 40 percent margin , but Hillary Clinton support for increasing the number of refugees arriving in the United States is opposed by a majority of voters and many of Hillary Clinton own supporters as well . [   percent of likely voters disapprove of Hillary Clinton plan to increase the number of Syrian refugees coming into the United the United States , 000 this year to 65 , 000 annually .   Only 25 percent of likely voters approve of her plan Hillary Clinton while 15 percent are unsure . Opposition to Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton to increase Syrian refugees is slightly greater than opposition to President Obama ’s proposal to increase the number of refugees coming into the United States by 29 percent next year to 110 , 000 , up from 85 , 000 this year , a policy that Clinton also Hillary Clinton .    percent of likely voters oppose this increase in refugees . Only 29 percent of likely voters approve of the Obama administration refugee plan President Obama FY 2017 , while 16 percent are unsure . " This issue that has happened over refugees   …     there ’s great disapproval of both that and her [ Hillary Clinton ’s ] effort to expand them , " pollster both Caddell told Matt Boyle on Sirius XM ’s Breitbart News Daily Friday . " What you see are a cluster of issues , whether it ’s    in the foreign policy area or the refugee issue , they actually break Trump it’s   in the foreign policy area or the refugee issue way , those issues . " Even more troubling for Clinton is the fact Hillary Clinton’s a significant minority of her own supporters oppose Hillary Clinton’s policies to increase Hillary Clinton’s number of refugees . Only 52 percent of likely voters who say they are going to vote for Hillary Clinton approve of Hillary Clinton’s to increase Syrian Hillary Clinton’s .    percent of people who say they are going to vote for Hillary disapprove of her plan Hillary Clinton’s increase Syrian Hillary Clinton’s , and an equal number —   24 percent —   are unsure . Among undecided likely voters , only two percent approve of Hillary ’s Syrian refugee plan Hillary Clinton’s Eighty percent disapprove of her Syrian refugee plan . Hillary’s Syrian refugee plan percent of likely voters who say they are going to vote for Donald Trump disapprove of her Syrian refugee plan . Clinton ’s support Donald Trump contrasted with Donald Trump ’s opposition to such increases , appears to be Donald Trump key battleground states , and even some states , like Michigan Clinton that are traditionally solidly Democratic . In Michigan , which has seen a significant increase in refugees overall and Syrian Michigan in particular , for instance , a recent poll found that Clinton leads Trump by only three points , within the margin of error . That Donald Trump poll shows that 53 percent of Michigan residents oppose increasing the a recent poll coming to the state . Michigan resettlement agencies , whose plans are almost always    Michigan Obama administration , have recently submitted plans to the Department of State that indicate they want to increase the number of refugees resettled in the state in FY 2017 by Local resettlement agencies, whose plans are almost always   by the Obama administration percent , to 5 , 600 , up from 4 , 000 in FY 2016 . Public health and security problems related to an increased number of refugees are a concern in several other states whose vote may turn the outcome of the election . Security problems were highlighted on Saturday when Dahir Adan , a Somali refugee , stabbed ten people in a Minnesota mall and Ahmad Khan Rahami , an Afghan immigrant , allegedly detonated bombs in New Jersey and New York City . Public health concerns exist in several states where refugees have been diagnosed with active tuberculosis ( TB ) as well . In Michigan , nineteen refugees have been diagnosed active TB past six years . In Ohio , eleven refugees in one county alone were diagnosed with active TB .   In Colorado , sixteen refugees have been diagnosed with active TB , and in Wisconsin , active TB TB been diagnosed with the disease . 
 active TB active TB TB 