’   ’ ’    Mulu Bahre had been sitting across from a US refugee officer for    hours , answering a series of detailed questions about Mulu Bahre life    before Mulu Bahre fled Eritrea with Mulu Bahre mother and sister nearly five    years earlier . But there was one question that stumped Mulu Bahre . ’ ’    " What month did your father die ? " a US refugee officer asked . He a US refugee officer the    answer was either late March or April of 2002 , but he a US refugee officer a child    at the time and could not remember with certainty . ’ ’    Bahre knew the a US refugee officer grow suspicious if his answer Bahre different from that given by his mother , Bahre was being asked the    same question by a different refugee officer on the other side of    the wall . ’ ’    " It’ ’s very scary and very stressful , " Bahre told Business Bahre Insider . " My mom knows that I may not know , and these things can    be seen as discrepancies in our cases . So we all have that fear .    We don’’t    we all all the things are going to match up . " ’ "    Bahre and his family had   Bahre Eritrea when he was 12   Bahre They were    " ’ "   Bahre and his family to    the country ’s authoritarian regime , where    citizens are forced into indefinite military service and dealt    heavy fines    their family members citizens n’t comply . They wound up their family members in an    refugee camp , where in 2007 his mother applied    for resettlement . She did n’t his mother where they were sent their family members —    as long    as it was peaceful and there was work available . " ’    The office of UN High Commissioner for Refugees assigned the    family to the US and started a process that would take years and    eventually lead Bahre , now 24 , to Baltimore , where he has become the officer a US citizen and works as an anesthesia    technician . ’ ’    But before all that came the questions , seemingly endless and    exhausting questions . At points the officer would try to confuse    Bahre , asking him to confirm the officer they both knew were    incorrect . ’ ’    " It’ ’s not complicated , we know our story . we they try to they both    you ,    Bahre said .   Bahre ’    Thankfully , Bahre made it   Bahre that round of the interview ,    and another    , for which he was taken    another city for a    full week    Refugee officers asked him many of    same questions ,    checking to    sure all his answers matched    he told them    the Refugee officers    . ’ ’    Shortly after taking office last month , President Donald Trump    signed an executive order temporarily barring entry to refugees    and travelers from seven    nations . He cited    ’ ’   Shortly after taking office last month, President Donald Trump    concerns , and said he wants to ’ ’   Shortly after taking office last month, President Donald Trump    what he calls    ’ ’   Shortly after taking office last month, President Donald Trump    extreme    . " The order is an executive order temporarily barring entry to refugees   and travelers from seven   nations , following an      decision .   ’ ’    But those closest to the    process say the current    system is already as extreme as it gets . Like the current   system ’s family ,    refugees undergo years of screening filled with intensive    interviews , detailed background checks , medical tests , and    constant waiting for news . ’ ’    " I don’’t know how much harder it can get from don’’t , " Bahre said .    " That process is very sensitive and very stressful , and I don’’t    know how else they would increase that from what it is    currently . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Of the 20 million refugees worldwide , only 1 % ( 200 , 000 ) are    resettled . Many are staying put in camps , hoping things stabilize    in their home    .    "    But for those who want to seek safety in another country , the    first stop on the path is to register with the UNHCR , which fills    out paperwork , handles preliminary questioning , and scans the    refugees’ eyes to enter into a database . Then the UNHCR , a    country ’s embassy , or a humanitarian group might refer the    refugees to a specific country willing to take them in . " the   refugees    For those refugees who are assigned to the US , the UNHCR    passes their stories and information those refugees who are assigned to the US, the UNHCR    the US    government , triggering a   that involved the departments of State ,    Homeland Security , Health and Human Services , and Defense , as    well as the FBI and other parts of the US Intelligence Community ,    many testing their biographic and biometric information    against multiple databases repeatedly throughout the process . ’ ’    And amid all the screening come those interviews   —    many , many    interviews that can last three or four hours each and consist of    detailed and repeated questions , according to Tammy Lin , a San      immigration lawyer who worked at a      agency for nine years . ’ ’    The State Department says the whole process should the process 18 and 24 months . But Lin said that estimate is " laughable . " It    took four to eight years for most of the refugees she’ ’s met . ’ ’    Lin said she can only assume Lin like Lin are ignorant of    the process when they call    the process vetting " people like Trump tighter    security measures due to the threat posed by refugees . ’ ’    " They’’re the most heavily vetted immigrants that end up coming to    the US , " Lin said . " I feel like Lin ’s scapegoating to put this on    them . " ’ ’   ’ ’    American refugee officers look for reasons to deny entry . US    officials accept barely     of refugees who start the vetting process , according to the    UNHCR . ’ ’    Bryan Scott Hicks , an    immigration lawyer who works    with resettled refugee families , said he has seen cases where    refugees Bryan Scott Hicks, an   immigration lawyer who works   with resettled refugee families denied resettlement simply because they may have    once offered food resettlement someone considered a terrorist . Refugee    officers consider that providing " material support " to terrorism    and immediately deny them entry . ’ ’    Hicks Refugee   officers many resettled Syrian families have told him that the    officers in charge Hicks vetting them would interview each family    member many resettled Syrian families   —    including young children   —    and ask incredibly    detailed questions , and then bring each of them back for a    second , many resettled Syrian families , or fourth round to try to catch discrepancies in    their stories . ’ ’       many resettled Syrian families thing that people don’’t realize is how cautious they are , "    Hicks told people Insider . " The inclination is not to say yes .    The default is no . So if you have an officer who catches the    remotest whiff of a problem , the answer is no . " ’ "    And a problem can be not having the right documents . Refugees ,    often fleeing war and terror , might not have the time or    foresight to pack a passport or birth certificate . Bahre ’s family    had no documentation other than the    refugee card with    an identification number . " ’    In these cases , officers have to get creative , seeking details    from informants , affidavits from family members , or consulting    third parties who knew the refugees from their home countries and    can corroborate the refugees . ’ ’    " It ’s a long process , it ’s a hard process , it It an emotional    process , It it does take a long time , It Robin Dunn Marcos , the    senior director of processing and resettlement at the    International Rescue Committee , told Business Insider . " It ’s a    roller coaster under It best of conditions . " ’ ’    Despite the multiple interviews , the majority of the screening    happens behind the scenes , leaving many refugees unsure of their    status and why the process many refugees    so long . ’ "    Like Bahre ’s family , many refugees who Bahre’s be resettled are    not particularly picky about where they land . The US is the US    many refugees who want to be resettled top choice , the US places like Sweden , or other    European countries known for their history of accepting the US    and generosity with social payments , according to Lin , the lawyer    from San Diego Lin " "    The notion that refugees will commit terrorist attacks on    American soil appears to be a similarly unfounded fear . A recent     found that the odds of being killed by a    refugee committing a terrorist act on US soil is one in 3 . 6    billion per year . It ’s far more likely for terrorists to find    another way to enter the country due the country’s rigorous vetting    process for refugees , Hicks said . " ’    " It’ ’s Hicks rigorous system , it’ ’s working it’ and if you’’re going to it’ demand 100 % certainty , that’ ’s impossible , " Hicks said . " I don’’t    know a Hicks program that works better than that . " ’ ’Mulu Bahre had been sitting   Bahre a US . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 