’   ’ "    France ’s upcoming presidential election has turned into a de    facto referendum on whether to halt or strengthen the    nationalist fervor sweeping the west that propelled US President    Donald Trump into the White House last year and spurred Britain ’s    exit from the European Union . " "    Russian president Vladimir Putin , who has been accused of    meddling in both the US election to help elect Trump and the    Brexit vote to help fracture the EU , has two horses    in France ’s race   —    the    National Front leader    Marine Le Pen , and the    Republicans candidate    Francois Fillon . " ’    Both candidates have touted policies that are at once      and hostile to two institutions Putin    abhors : the EU and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) .    the EU and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) also oppose western sanctions on Russia and advocate a    closer relationship between France and Moscow .   ’ ’    Le Pen has vowed to pull France out of both the EU and NATO ,    comparing Europe to a prison and calling NATO " obsolete . "    Fillon’ ’s view of the institutions is more nuanced , but Fillon’ has    indicated that Fillon’ would like to see the EU’ ’s power    diminished and   as an arm of    " American imperalism . "   ’ ’    Le Pen   —    who has said she admires Putin and thinks sanctions on    Russia are " completely stupid "   —    traveled to Moscow in late March    to meet with Putin . Fillon ,    who is : He has Fillon to justify Russia’ ’s invasion of    eastern Ukraine , demanded that the US lift its      the US , and has advocated for France to realign with Russia ,    Iran , and Syrian president Bashar Assad to fight terrorism . ’ ’   ’ "    The stakes are high for Russia . Russia on who wins , the French    election could set the tone for a broader European shift    toward Moscow and away from Washington . It is no surprise ,    then , that both the French and    versions       Russia Russia Russia agencies , including Sputnik and    Russia Today Russia ) have been conspicuously bolstering the    Kremlin ’s candidates . " ’    RT featured Le Pen’ ’s statement about Thursday’ ’s terror attack in    Paris at the top of its site on Friday   Paris " , " the headline read .   made no mention of the statement    released by her centrist opponent ,    Macron , in the wake    of Thursday’ ’s attack : Thursday’ ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ ’   ’ ’    " It’ ’s enough to see which candidates , Marine Le Pen or Francois    Fillon , Russia expresses preference for in the French electoral    campaign , " Ayrault told the French .    " Whereas Emmanuel Macron , who is    is being targeted by    cyberattacks . " ’ ’    " This form of interference in French democratic life is    unacceptable and I denounce it , " he French democratic life . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Another study published by the    private research    group Bakamo   several " alternative " news    sources widely shared on Facebook and Twitter   —    whose stated aim    is to " counter the narrative of the traditional media "   —    cite    Russian sources to justify their narratives .   ’ ’    French newspaper Le Monde   a list of the most    egregious examples of fake news , including one site , " , " which deemed Marine Le Pen the    winner before any voting had actually taken place . ( These    results , it said , were based on electronic ballots that had been    " scanned in the USA , opposite the CIA headquarters . ") ’ ’    The impact of this " junk news " pushed by the     —    much of    it inspired or created by Russian disinformation   —    on the outcome    of the French elections will be difficult to measure . In an    encouraging sign , experts say that French citizens , on average ,    have shared far fewer fake stories in the    to their    election than French citizens    in the runup to theirs . ’ ’ French citizens Russian bots and trolls , meanwhile , are already shifting    their attention to    ’ ’   Russian bots and trolls European    election .   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ " France ’s upcoming presidential . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 