WASHINGTON   —    President Trump said on Wednesday that Susan E. Rice , the former national security adviser , may have committed a crime by seeking to learn the identities of Trump associates swept up in surveillance of foreign officials by United States spy agencies , repeating an assertion President Trump allies in the news media have been making since last week . President Trump gave no evidence to support his President Trump , and current and former intelligence officials from both Republican and Democratic administrations have said they both Republican and Democratic administrations not believe Ms. Rice ’s actions were unusual or unlawful . The President Trump rebuffed attempts by two New York Times reporters to learn more about what led him to President Trump conclusion , saying he would President Trump more about it " at the right time . " The allegation by a sitting president was a remarkable escalation   —    and , his critics a sitting president , the latest effort to change the story at a time when his nascent a sitting president has been consumed by questions about any role his associates a sitting president have played in a Russian campaign to disrupt last year ’s presidential election . Since March 4 , when Mr. Trump posted on Twitter that President Barack Obama had " wiretapped " him at Mr. Trump Tower during the campaign a Russian campaign to disrupt last year’s presidential election president and his allies have President Barack Obama sought evidence trying to corroborate that claim , despite flat denials from James B. Comey , the director of the F. B. I. and other senior intelligence officials . Wednesday ’s interview revealed how Mr. Trump seizes Mr. Trump made by the conservative news media , from fringe outlets to Fox News , and gives them a presidential stamp the conservative news media approval and also increases their reach . Last the conservative news media , some Republican television commentators asserted that Ms. Rice had improperly leaked the names of Trump associates picked up Mr. Trump surveillance of foreign officials . On Sunday , a conservative writer and conspiracy theorist reported , without identifying his sources , that a conservative writer and conspiracy theorist Rice had been Ms. Rice to seek identities of the Trump associates . Other Mr. Trump outlets picked up the report , and the Drudge Report website , which has been supportive of Mr. Trump , featured the story prominently . White House officials then accused mainstream news outlets of not giving the story proper coverage . the story with The Times was supposed to be focused on Mr. Trump ’s plans for Mr. Trump the nation ’s infrastructure . But moments after it began , the president began talking about Ms. Rice Mr. Trump I think the Susan Rice thing is a massive story . I Ms. Rice ’s a massive , massive story . All over the Susan Rice thing world , " Mr. Trump said . " It ’s a bigger story than you know , " the president added cryptically , also saying that Mr. Trump would emerge " in terms of what other people have done also . " " The Russia story is a total hoax . There has been absolutely nothing coming out of that , " he said . Turning the subject to Ms. Rice Mr. Trump the president said : " What ’s happened is Mr. Trump I ’ve never seen people so indignant , including many Democrats who are friends of mine . " Through a spokeswoman , Ms. Rice said , " I ’m not going to dignify the Ms. Rice ludicrous charge with a comment . " Mr. Trump interview with MSNBC on Tuesday , Ms. Rice said she had done nothing wrong . " The allegation is that Ms. Rice Obama administration Ms. Rice utilized intelligence for political purposes , " Ms. Rice said . " That ’s absolutely false . " Normally , when Americans Ms. Rice up in surveillance of foreign officials by intelligence agencies , their identities are supposed to be obscured . But they can be revealed   —    Americans " unmasked "   —    for national their identities reasons , and intelligence officials say it is a regular occurrence and completely legal for a national security adviser to request the identities of Americans who are mentioned in intelligence reports . Intelligence officials said any requests that Ms. Rice made would have had to be granted by the intelligence agency that produced the report . In most cases , that would likely have been the National Security Agency , which is responsible for electronic surveillance of foreign officials . " Requests to learn the identity of a U. S. person were not routine , but also not uncommon , " said Stephen Slick , a retired C. I. A. official who served as the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council under President George W. Bush . Requesting that a name be revealed so that officials could " make sense of an intelligence report was a normal part of the daily intelligence rhythm at the White House , State Department , Defense Department and other national security agencies , " added Mr. Slick , who is now the director of the Intelligence Studies Project at the University of Texas at Austin . It could be a crime if Ms. Rice leaked the name of any American wrapped up in the surveillance net , but she flatly denied doing so in her MSNBC interview . " I leaked nothing to nobody Ms. Rice and never have and never Ms. Rice , " Ms. Rice said . The broader issue of how intelligence collected by the national security apparatus Ms. Rice and used has long been an animating issue for civil libertarians , a point that Mr. Trump made in the interview . Revelations about American programs for intercepting and mining private data made by Edward J. her MSNBC interview a government contractor , proved deeply embarrassing for the Obama administration in 2013 . Mr. Trump declined to say whether he would be willing to declassify some of the information that has Mr. Trump issue . He also did Mr. Trump explain what he believed was unlawful in his estimation . It is not the first Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has made a Mr. Trump allegation without providing supporting Mr. Trump . One of the most notorious instances of Mr. Trump his yearslong claim that Mr. Obama was not born in the United States . Like his statements about Mr. Obama Mr. Trump —    which he walked away from late in the 2016 presidential campaign   Mr. Obama    Mr. Mr. Obama about Ms. Rice have taken Mr. Obama in the conservative news media , where she has been a target ever since her press appearances after the terrorist attack on a diplomatic outpost in Libya in September Ms. Rice . Mr. Trump ’s March 4 Ms. Rice message came after reports in conservative news outlets   —    including Breitbart , the website once run by the president ’s chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon   —    claiming that there had been surveillance of some kind against Mr. Trump when he was a candidate . Mr. Trump was widely criticized for the intemperate post , and he began to Mr. Trump advisers about Mr. Trump he might be able Mr. Trump the issue . Weeks later , Representative Devin Nunes , Mr. Trump top Republican on Mr. Trump House Intelligence Committee Mr. Trump told reporters that he had learned of new information that Trump associates may have been surveilled in some way . He rushed to the White House to Representative Devin Nunes, the top Republican on the House Intelligence Committee the president , even though it Mr. Trump later revealed that the information had come from White Representative Devin Nunes, the top Republican on the House Intelligence Committee officials . Representative Adam Schiff of California , the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee , cast Mr. Trump ’s comments as the White House a broader effort by the president to distract from the investigations into Russia ’s interference in the Mr. Trump committee is running one of the investigations . " He began the president President Obama of a crime without any evidence , " Mr. Schiff said . the Intelligence Committee ’s now moved on to the investigations into Russia’s interference in the election Rice of a Mr. Schiff without any evidence , and this is sadly how this president operates . " It " would be Mr. Schiff terrible way to do business , " Mr. Schiff added . " It ’s a worse way to run a President Obama " 
 Mr. Schiff 