With Hillary Clinton now favored to win the White House , attention turns to Hillary Clinton likely policies , appointments , and aides . Hillary Clinton    assistant and adviser , Huma Abedin , may be moving into the White House , according to one unsubstantiated report last year . [ That raises the question : what will her husband , former U. S. Representative and New York mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner , do ? Will he live her husband the White the White House and what role might he have in a potential her husband administration ?   Since we are told by the    media that Russian president Vladimir Putin would be President Donald Trump ’s    lover , such questions seem long overdue . Weiner was the subject of Weiner infamous 2011 scandal , first broken by Andrew Breitbart , involving his habit of sending racy Andrew Breitbart of himself to women he met Andrew Breitbart . The Andrew Breitbart might have died after a few days had Weiner not alleged that he had been " hacked Weiner " which implied that Breitbart had done the hacking Andrew Breitbart Then , in 2013 , Weiner abandoned his mayoral campaign Weiner — Weiner which had some real prospect of succeeding   —    when new allegations that he had not quite kicked Weiner social media habits . Weiner ups and downs of Weiner ’s life   — Weiner Abedin ’s   —    were documented in a recent documentary , Weiner , which somehow managed to leave out any reference to Andrew Breitbart . ( Likewise , an episode of the HBO series Newsroom , written by Aaron Sorkin ,    the Weinergate story to blame one of the women who came forward . ) Despite his struggles , he remains a sharp wit and his insightful political observer   —    suggesting his political talents are not to his wasted , some 2017 . Given his proximity to power , however his some questions have yet to be asked . Will Weiner have an official role in the White House ? ( Director of Social Media , perhaps ? ) Will he , in fact , be (Director of Social Media, perhaps?) at the White House with Huma Abedin ? One can only imagine the    hijinks of First Man Bill Clinton and his junior sidekick . Joel B. Bill Clinton is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 