Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) told a local radio show in California on Monday morning that Drudge Report , has " become the attack site for the Donald Trump campaign . " [   Sen. Ted Cruz was interview on The Mike Slater Show on KFMB 760 AM . Host Mike Slater asked Sen. Ted Cruz ( 15:16 ) " What do you think of Drudge Report lately ? Not even about Trump , but their    headlines ? " Sen. Ted Cruz Donald Trump : Look the Drudge Report, the most popular conservative news website, has "become the attack site for the Donald Trump campaign Drudge Report over the years has done a good Drudge Report the excesses of the left and the excesses of liberalism , and about the past month the Drudge Report has basically become the attack site for Drudge Report campaign . And so every day they have the latest Trump attack . They ’re directed at Sen. Ted Cruz . It   — Donald Trump by all they , Sen. Ted Cruz now decides what ’s on Drudge , and most days they have a     article that is some attack on me Sen. Ted Cruz and Drudge ’s   —    whatever the Trump campaign is pushing that day a    article that is some attack on me be the banner headline on the Donald Trump campaign the way , they no longer cover news . Remember they used Drudge have things like election results Drudge They do n’t put those on Drudge anymore . When we win a state , Drudge the state does n’t matter Drudge You know Colorado   —    there was no a state on Drudge when we won all 34 delegates in Colorado . That was n’t news , Drudge   —    I mean listen , that Colorado fine . If people want to get on the " Trump train , " they can . I actually think we need real and meaningful solutions to the problems in people country , and as president my focus is going to be on three things : America freedom and security . My number one priority is bringing jobs back to America , raising wages for everyone , making it easier for people struggling to achieve the American Dream . That ’s my focus . I ’m going to let others worry about the silly political game and the circus . Slater returned to talking about Drudge : " I ’ve always thought it interesting when the debate is still going on and and they ’ll put a poll up , who won the debate . It ’s literally in the middle of the debate , and they say who the debate debate it —    and then Trump walks off the debate and says , they Well , everyone says I won’   …     " . Cruz took the focus off of talking about Drudge to focus on Trump : Well I will say this , Mike : actions speak louder Drudge words . Donald is terrified Trump debate . He wo n’t debate anymore . He ’s just , he ’s skipping all the debates , and the Donald is he liked it when Donald were 10 or Donald people on stage because he did n’t have to speak Donald much , and all of the bickering dominated everything . Now that Donald is down to     me and Donald Trump , and one or the other of us is going to be the nominee , there are only two people with any plausible path to winning a majority of the delegates , and that is either me or Donald Trump   —    and , by the way , California is going to decide it . California , for the first time in decades , matters in the Republican primary . On Sunday , the California Report carried several headlines regarding the Colorado Republican Party ’s delegate selection process . When asked , Cruz said that he did not expect that the primary would be decided by California as of a year ago , " Cruz nobody anticipated Donald Trump the Republican primary Trump is a unique California you know , it is a reality star , substanceless , attack and cursing Donald Trump insults . You know , I do n’t think that ’s what politics should be about . I think politics should be about solving the real problems that Americans are facing . " Cruz later addressed a campaign rally in Irvine , California . On Monday evening , he was scheduled to join the San Diego County Republican Party , holding a rally at the group ’s monthly meeting Cruz Reports from the party are that all 2 , 000 tickets were taken in less than 24 hours , and another 1 , the San Diego County Republican Party on a waiting list hoping to get in . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 