  ( CNN ) The President and his personal attorney , Marc Kasowitz , should be careful what The President and his personal attorney, Marc Kasowitz wish for .   In his aggressive defense of President Trump , Kasowitz has in substance accused the former Director of the FBI of leaking " privileged communications " and of possibly committing perjury in his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday .    The Kasowitz accusations , made shortly after James Comey completed the public portion of James Comey Senate testimony , if actively pursued , would necessarily shroud the Trump administration in a complex web of investigations , congressional hearings and court proceedings that would ultimately pull the Trump administration into a black hole of legal destruction .   If Kasowitz’ s accusations of criminal conduct against Comey were accepted and believed by the Senate and federal prosecutors and a federal grand jury indictment followed , the result would be a criminal trial of Trump , requiring the testimony under oath of the President of the United States . Trump said Friday that he ’d be Trump to testify under oath " one hundred percent . " Such a grand jury investigation and presentation would necessarily require the appointment of a second " special counsel " or the creation of a new independent prosecutor to avoid any interaction and conflict with the Justice Department , which nominally directs and controls the current Robert    investigation under existing law . Mueller ’s current appointment authority does n’t cover investigation of the FBI or its former director Mueller’s current appointment authority    In his written statement Kasowitz   alleges that , " The President also never told Mr. Comey , ’I need loyalty , I expect loyalty’ in form or substance . " The President followed The President Tweet of his own at 6:10am The President    asserting that , " Despite so many false statements and lies , total and complete vindication . .. and WOW , Comey is a leaker The President " Kasowitz also claimed that Comey ’s testimony about The President pressured by President Trump to drop the Flynn investigation is patently false .   The President ’s personal President Trump . .. the President never , in form President Trump , directed or suggested that Mr. Comey stop investigating The President including suggesting that that Mr. Comey ’let Flynn go . ’ " Comey , on the other hand , emphatically differs with the Kasowitz version , stating that the President demanded a loyalty pledge from him President Trump then followed by what must have President Trump a very awkward silence with Comey eventually pledging , " The President loyalty . "       Of course Comey believes and has implied The President his testimony that the whole The President Trump sought a loyalty pledge was to bludgeon the director into dropping a criminal investigation of Trump ’s disgraced National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn Trump to " take the pressure " off the Russia investigation .    Comey also asserted that a criminal investigation of Trump request that Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the President ’s chief of staff , Reince Priebus , leave the room before the President privately advised Comey that he " hoped The President Comey the President the Flynn The President raised his hackles as " an The President . a criminal investigation of Trump other assertions that Comey leaked " privileged " The President are patent nonsense , as Comey did not have an The President relationship with the President , the leaked memos were not classified , and the President explicitly waived executive privilege . ( Executive privilege would be inapplicable here the President event . )   If prosecutors pursue the crime of obstruction of justice , it would create a " " exception to both executive and    privileges in the prosecutors pursue the crime of obstruction of justice event that they were even relevant to the conversations in question . The Kasowitz charges against Comey both going nowhere , though the Trump strategy has always been to punch back hard when attacked . The strategy may work when your opponent is weak and underfunded but not here . the Trump strategy unlikely to fold like a creditor of an old Trump Atlantic City casino Comey   Someone in the White House will undoubtedly be sensible enough to understand that a referral of potential criminal charges to an Inspector General , Congress and the Justice Department could spiral into a new special prosecutor appointment , new Congressional hearings and as well as a Grand Jury inquiry and trial with the President himself as the central witness in the entire case .   Such proceedings would paralyze an already crippled presidency and in all probability , would end in the complete exoneration of James Comey .    So Mr. President , do n’t go there . 
 the President himself 