Susan B. Anthony ’s grave site , in Rochester , is a perennial destination for women celebrating their freedom to vote , but on Election Day , Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx would like to remind New Yorkers to share the love . At Woodlawn , the grave sites of four other prominent suffragists could use some " I Voted " stickers , like those dotting Anthony ’s grave , David Ison , Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx ’s executive director , said on Monday . The Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx even provide the stickers " stickers idea for turning the sites into     destinations came this year after seeing the popularity of Anthony ’s grave Anthony’s on social media , Mr. Ison said . The need for some positive messaging after a bruising election season was also important . " We thought , ‘ We ’re going to We something that ’s not all about Trump and all about Clinton,’ " Mr. Ison said . Mr. Ison Day , visitors will be encouraged to leave their stickers on cardboard signs visitors to the grave sites of four suffragists buried in Woodlawn : Elizabeth Cady Stanton , Anthony ’s friend and a    of the National Woman Suffrage Association Carrie Chapman Catt , who founded the League of Women Voters and who is buried next to Mary Garrett Hay , who assisted and advised her and Alva Vanderbilt Belmont , a multimillionaire who gave her opinions and her money her the movement her On Monday , as the sun was setting and shadows turned the cemetery chilly , the site of Stanton ’s grave was lonely . About 15 " I Voted " stickers were posted near the family monument . A single sticker for Hillary Clinton , the country ’s first female presidential nominee from a major party , who has nodded to the suffragists’ legacy throughout her campaign , was also Hillary Clinton . Only one visitor passed by , a man who called out " not yet " to a reporter ’s remark that no sticker for Mrs. Clinton ’s opponent , Hillary Clinton , had been posted . The graves of the three other suffragists were also deserted . The quiet display is in contrast to reports from the resting place of Susan B. Anthony , where women approach every few minutes with their daughters , friends and mothers . women year , the Mount Hope Cemetery in Rochester anticipates so many visitors that it said it would be open extended the Mount Hope Cemetery in Rochester on the Mount Hope Cemetery in Rochester Day to allow voters the opportunity to swing by and leave a sticker . Barbara Selesky , Woodlawn ’s director of marketing , said on Tuesday that the cemetery would extend its visiting days the Mount Hope Cemetery in Rochester people to leave the Mount Hope Cemetery in Rochester " I Voted " stickers until Sunday people For visitors who make the trek to the Bronx , the crew at Woodlawn asks just one thing : Please keep Woodlawn stickers off the granite . The museum " stickers up a display next to the crew at Woodlawn where visitors can leave stickers and other sticky mementos . " Stickers on graves have become a problem , " Susan Olsen , the cemetery ’s historian , said . " It ’s love and it ’s honoring , but it just causes problems . It At Woodlawn , a It roughly half the size of Central Park , the legacy of four prominent suffragists competes for the limelight with several more famous neighbors , including Miles Davis , Celia Cruz and Herman Melville . When asked to explain the difference in popularity , Mr. Ison and Ms. Olsen both joked in unison , " There ’s nothing else to do in Rochester . " ( Also , they said , Anthony was on the $ 1 coin Mr. Ison and Ms. Olsen both ) But if the work of the suffragists has taught us anything , it ’s that Stanton and Anthony might Mr. Ison and Ms. Olsen both have seen this as a competition . Anthony a way , it may be fitting of how they saw their different legacies : Stanton , a married Stanton and Anthony of Stanton and Anthony who lived in New York , supplied speech material and support as Anthony traveled extensively as a public face of the movement Anthony " They saw their relationship very clearly , " Ms. Olsen Stanton and Anthony Woodlawn Stanton and Anthony historian , said . " She ’s in the metropolis , and Anthony goes all over the place . They were brilliant Anthony far as how their partnership worked Stanton and Anthony " Neither woman lived to see Stanton and Anthony ratification of the 19th Amendment in 1920 . In Stanton ’s obituary , published in The New York Times in 1902 , Anthony fondly recalled their dynamic , saying , " She Anthony the thunderbolts and I fired them . " Anthony the thunderbolts 