Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign has teamed up with Pusha T for a voter registration drive that includes the chance to meet the rapper backstage at one Pusha T concerts . [ By registering to vote via Hillary Clinton’s campaign website , one winner and a guest will be selected to receive a    airline ticket to a Pusha T event and hotel accommodations for the night .   There is , however , an alternate hillaryclinton . com link that allows those interested to enter the contest without revering to vote . Enter to win : meet Pusha T. Register to vote and you ’re automatically entered to win .   https :   .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) September 28 , 2016 ,   Pusha T has been a very vocal supporter of the Democratic presidential nominee . In July , the Virginia rapper tweeted a photo of himself the Virginia rapper chatting with Clinton to his the Virginia rapper . 3 million Twitter followers . A few days later , the the Virginia rapper a photo of himself wearing the Virginia rapper " Delete Your Account " shirt , a reference to Clinton ’s Clinton directed at Trump . Clinton ’s partnership Clinton T could be an attempt to shore up support among younger voters , a group with whom the Democratic candidate has struggled to attract support in recent months . Pusha T rose to Pusha T    of the    group Clipse in the late 90s and early 2000s before setting off on a solo career and later connecting with Kanye West , who named the rapper the president of his G. O. O. D. Pusha T record label in November . As several music outlets note , many of Pusha T ’s lyrics touch on his apparent affinity for cocaine Pusha T In " Keep Dealing , " the rapper calls himself the " last cocaine the rapper " and boasts that he " weighs bricks on the rapper scale they put the lunch meat on . " On " Hold On , " from his solo debut album My the rapper is My Name , the rapper claims : " the rapper more dope than I sold records . " In May , the rapper teamed up with    the rapper mixtape track , " Drug Dealers Anonymous , " where the two discuss their lives before rap superstardom . The the rapper campaign ’s contest to meet Pusha T runs through October 6 . Enter above .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 