Students in the Los Angeles Unified School District are planning to walk out of classes on Monday in protest against the election of Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States . [ The LAUSD includes a civics curriculum , in which students learn about voting and elections . Still , the students   —    or whoever is organizing voting and elections activities across several schools , which takes significant coordination   —    are determined to reject the results of a democratic election , because the students  —   or whoever is organizing their activities across several schools, which takes significant coordination  —    do not like the winner .   In a statement , reported by the Los Angeles Times , Los Angeles Police Department has warned students that students may be subject to arrest for students behavior : The Los Angeles Police Department issued a special advisory Sunday and urged parents to tell parents children to abide by the law . " It is very difficult to ensure the safety of children when children leave the safe confines of children school campuses , " the statement said . The Los Angeles Police Department asked parents to encourage their parents to voice their parents " in a lawful , safe and peaceful manner . " Police said demonstrators could face arrest for obstructing the movement of vehicles and people , refusing to obey lawful orders by a law enforcement officer , vandalism and refusal to disperse after unlawful assembly is declared . Those under the age of 18 could also face arrest for curfew violations . Students in the San Francisco Bay area already staged demonstrations against Trump last week . Both Los Angeles and San Francisco have seen continuous protests . On Sunday , a march shut down traffic along San Francisco ’s Market Street on Sunday Sunday and protesters gathered at Oakland ’s Lake Merritt to join hands and sing John Lennon ’s " Imagine . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His Joel B. Pollak book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him Joel B. Pollak Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 