  ( CNN ) Here ’s a look at information and statistics concerning vaccines in the United States . Facts : There are 14 different vaccines that are recommended for children between birth and age six , including those for diphtheria , pertussis , tetanus , influenza , measles , mumps and rubella .   For more than 100 years , there has been public discord regarding vaccines based on issues like individual rights , religious freedoms , distrust of government and the effects that vaccines may have on the health of children . Exemptions to vaccines fall into three general categories : medical , religious and philosophical . Median vaccination coverage was more than 94 % for children entering kindergarten during the    school year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .   As of August 2016 , 47 states and the District of Columbia allow religious exemptions from vaccines , and 18 states allow philosophical ( ) exemptions . Missouri ’s philosophical exemption only applies to daycare , preschool and nursery school . Two states    Vermont and California    passed laws in 2015 that repeal exemptions for parents who do not want Two states   Vermont and California    children vaccinated on the basis of personal philosophy . While the California law bans both philosophical and religious exemptions , the California law only repeals philosophical exemptions .   Timeline:1855    Massachusetts mandates that school children are to be vaccinated ( only the smallpox vaccine is available at the time ) . February 20 , 1905    In Jacobson v. Massachusetts , the US Supreme Court upholds the State ’s right to compel immunizing against smallpox .   November 13 , 1922    The US the US Supreme Court constitutional violation in Zucht v. King in which Rosalyn Zucht believes that requiring vaccines violates her right to liberty without Rosalyn Zucht process . The High Court opines that the US Supreme Court require vaccinations for children to attend school are a " discretion required for the protection of the public health . " 1952    Dr. Jonas Salk and his team develop a vaccine for polio a "discretion required for the protection of the public health A nationwide trial leads to the vaccine being declared in 1955 to a vaccine for polio    The first measles vaccine is released .    1983    A schedule a vaccine for polio recommended by the CDC . March 19 ,       Rolling Stone publishes an article by Tom a vaccine for polio " The Origin of AIDS , " which presents a theory that ties    to polio vaccines . Curtis writes that in the late 1950s , during a vaccination campaign in Africa , at least 325 , 000 people were immunized with a contaminated polio vaccine . The article alleges that the vaccine may have been contaminated with a monkey virus and is an article by Tom Curtis of the human a contaminated polio vaccine , later known as   . August 10 , 1993    Congress passes the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act which creates the Vaccines for Children Program , providing qualified children free vaccines . December 9 , 1993    Rolling Stone publishes an update to the Curtis article , clarifying that his theory was not fact , and Rolling Stone did not an article by Tom Curtis there was any scientific proof to support it , and the magazine regrets Rolling Stone caused by the article .   1998    British researcher Andrew Wakefield and his theory other authors publish a paper stating they an article by Tom Curtis that linked the vaccination for Measles , Mumps and Rubella ( MMR ) to autism . They claim they British researcher Andrew Wakefield and 12 other authors the measles virus in the digestive systems of autistic children who were given the measles , mumps and British researcher Andrew Wakefield and 12 other authors ( British researcher Andrew Wakefield and 12 other authors ) vaccine . The publication leads to a widespread increase in the number of parents choosing not to vaccinate their children for fear of its link to autism .   2000    The CDC declares the United States has achieved measles parents choosing not to vaccinate their children for fear of its link to autism , defined as " The publication absence of continuous disease transmission for 12 months or more in a specific geographic area . " 2004      of the Wakefield study begin removing their names from the article when they discover Wakefield had been paid by lawyers representing parents who planned to sue vaccine manufacturers .   February 2010    The their , Wakefield British medical journal that published Wakefield ’s study , officially retracts the article . Britain also revokes Wakefield ’s medical license . 2011    Investigative reporter Brian Wakefield writes a series of articles the article British Medical Journal ( Wakefield Wakefield’s Wakefield ’s fraud . The articles state that he used distorted data and falsified medical histories of children that may have led Wakefield an Wakefield’s between vaccines and the development of autism Investigative reporter Brian Deer   2011    The US Public Health Service finds that 63 % of parents who refuse and delay vaccines do so for fear their children could have serious side effects . 2014    The CDC reports the highest number of cases at 668 since declaring measles eliminated in parents who refuse and delay . May 14 , 2014    The Institute of Medicine releases a report " rejecting a causal relationship between the MMR vaccine and autism . " June 17 , 2014    After analyzing 10 studies , all of which looked at whether there was a link between vaccines and autism and involved a total of over one million children , the University of Sydney publishes a report saying there is no correlation between vaccinations and the development of autism .    December 2014    A measles outbreak occurs at Disneyland in California . 2015    In the wake of the theme park outbreak , 189 cases of measles are reported in 24 states and Washington , DC .   February 2015    Advocacy group Autism Speaks releases a statement , " Over the last two decades , extensive research has asked whether there is any link between childhood vaccinations and autism . The results of this research are clear : Vaccines do not cause autism . We urge that all children be fully vaccinated . " May 28 , 2015 extensive research Gov. Peter Shumlin signs a bill removing the philosophical exemption from the state ’s vaccination law . Parents may still request exemptions for medical or religious reasons . The law goes into effect on July 1 , 2016 . June 30 , 2015    California Gov. Jerry Brown signs legislation closing the " vaccine the state’s vaccination law , " by eliminating any personal or religious exemptions for immunizing children who attend school . The law takes effect on July 1 , 2016 .    2016    The CDC reports 10 cases of the measles in four states : California , the state’s vaccination law Tennessee , and Texas . January 10 , 2017    Notable    skeptic Robert F. Kennedy Jr. meets with    Donald Trump . Afterwards California Kennedy tells reporters he agreed to chair a commission on " vaccination safety and scientific integrity . " A Trump spokeswoman later says that no decision has been made about setting Kennedy a commission on autism . 
   Donald Trump 