WASHINGTON   —    President Obama is considering removing Adm. Michael S. Rogers from President Obama posts as leader of the National Security Agency and United States Cyber Command after top officials expressed frustration over the speed at which Adm. Michael S. Rogers had moved to combat the Islamic State and over the the National Security Agency repeated loss of closely guarded secrets , administration and intelligence officials said Saturday .    Donald J. Trump is considering Admiral Rogers , who is responsible for surveillance and the growing arsenal of cyberweapons , for a top post in his administration Donald J. Trump including director of national intelligence overseeing all 16 intelligence agencies . Admiral Rogers met with Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump , apparently without the White House ’s knowledge . The recommendation to remove Admiral Rogers , a career intelligence officer who was promoted to his posts by Admiral Rogers Obama administration two years ago , came last month from Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and the current director of national intelligence , James R. Clapper Jr. Administration and intelligence officials , who insisted on anonymity to detail the private discussions , said the recommendation that Admiral Rogers be removed was not related to Mr. Trump ’s interest in hiring him . Instead Admiral Rogers they argued , Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and the current director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. Administration and intelligence officials, who insisted on anonymity to detail the private discussions was driven by breaches during Admiral Rogers ’s Admiral Rogers N. S. A. and his leadership of the agency Admiral Rogers The White House and the Pentagon declined to comment on Admiral Rogers ’s fate . Admiral Rogers on Saturday afternoon , Admiral Rogers declined to comment . The Admiral Rogers force out Admiral Rogers , which was first reported by The Washington Post , puts Mr. Trump in the position of considering whether to name , as the man who would brief him on intelligence matters each morning , a Mr. Trump admiral whom the White House is considering relieving of his posts . It also raises the question Mr. Trump why Mr. Obama would consider firing one of the nation ’s top intelligence officers in the last days of his administration . Admiral Rogers ’s replacement would Mr. Obama be confirmed until after Mr. Trump takes over . One senior intelligence official argued that letting word of the effort leak seemed more about politics or vengeance than about effecting any real change . Representative Devin Nunes of California , the chairman Mr. Nunes Mr. Carter and Mr. Clapper , Mr. Nunes asked them to testify before his committee to explain why they want to push Mr. Rogers out . " It ’s not by accident that Admiral Rogers meets with the    and Mr. Nunes days later this the House Intelligence Committee which is completely Mr. Nunes on lies , appears Admiral Rogers Mr. Nunes said in a short interview . Mr. Carter Admiral Rogers Clapper had submitted a formal recommendation to the White House to split the N. S. A. which conducts foreign Mr. Nunes secures military networks , from the    Cyber Command . But there are questions inside the giant complex at Fort Meade , Md. where the N. S. A. and Cyber Command are housed , about whether the military cyberunit is ready to survive on its own . It relies heavily on the talent of the N. S. A. which the N. S. A. early 1950s . Mr. Trump , who has begun filling the top echelons of his national security team with the military cyberunit met with the military cyberunit Rogers on Thursday at Trump Tower the N. S. A. Senior Defense Department and intelligence officials were surprised that Admiral Rogers , while on personal leave , had paid a visit to Mr. Trump . Mr. Carter ’s first major disagreement with Admiral Rogers dates to the fall of 2015 , when he expressed mounting frustration that Cyber Command , Admiral Rogers responsible for offensive action against adversaries , was not Mr. Carter the Islamic State ’s networks in Iraq and Admiral Rogers In the spring , Mr. Carter said for the first time that the Mr. Carter States was using its cyberarsenal against the Islamic State . But the effort was moving too slowly for the Pentagon leadership , and Mr. Carter went to Fort Meade several weeks ago to give Admiral Rogers and his team " a kick in the pants , " one official said the United States Top national security officials had also come to see Admiral Rogers as lacking leadership at a moment of wrenching Mr. Carter the N. S. A. He took command after the disclosures of widespread surveillance Mr. Carter Edward J. Snowden , the former N. S. A. contractor , and the efforts he directed to seal up the agency proved insufficient , they said . That perception was underlined by the disclosure in October that the Admiral Rogers B. I. had secretly arrested a former N. S. A. contractor , Harold T. Martin III , and was investigating whether he had Admiral Rogers and disclosed highly classified computer code developed by the Top national security officials to hack into the networks of foreign Mr. Martin had planned to relieve Admiral Rogers of his duties after the election and announce a plan to create separate chains of command for the N. S. A. and Cyber Command . But the plan , supported by Mr. Carter and Mr. Clapper , stalled in part because of opposition from Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , who heads the Armed Services Committee . Under the plan , Cyber Command would remain under the Armed Services Mr. Martin ’s jurisdiction , but oversight of the N. S. A. would shift to the Senate Intelligence Committee . Mr. Trump ’s victory complicated the a plan to create separate chains of command for the N. S. A. and Cyber Command Admiral Rogers disagree   —    quite publicly . While Mr. Trump has insisted that no one knows whether Russia was responsible for the hacking of email accounts of the Democratic National Committee a plan to create separate chains of command for the N. S. A. and Cyber Command range of prominent formal officials , Admiral the Armed Services Committee has no doubt . He recently the N. S. A. was not something that was done casually , this the Armed Services Committee was done by chance , this was not a target that was selected purely arbitrarily . " He added , " This was a conscious effort by a    to Mr. Trump achieve a specific effect . " Coming into the job , Admiral Rogers said one of his the Armed Services Committee make sure that cyberattacks on the United States had consequences for the Admiral Rogers In August , Admiral Rogers proposed a series of Admiral Rogers options to respond to the attacks , which American intelligence officials , in a public statement , said the Kremlin ’s leadership had to have been aware of . But the White House rejected the Admiral Rogers , fearing that this could start an escalating cyberconflict that the United States might not be able to win decisively . 
 Admiral Rogers Admiral Rogers Admiral Rogers the United States the White House 