This article first appeared in The Daily Caller :   National Review ’s Kevin Williamson believes Donald Trump ’s appeals to the white working class are " immoral " because that demographic ’s way of life deserves to die out . In a featured article for the prestigious conservative journal entitled " The FatherFuhrer , " Kevin Williamson seeks to rebut criticism that Kevin Williamson and other conservatives do n’t articulate any policies that would appeal to Donald Trump blue collar supporters . Williamson , a    critic of The Donald , essentially agrees that Kevin Williamson does n’t support any policies or rhetoric directly tailored to the     —    particularly about jobs being taken by outsourcing and immigration   —    because it would be wrong to do so . " It is immoral because it It a lie : that the white working class that finds itself attracted to Trump has been victimized by outside forces , " the NR roving correspondent writes . " [ N]obody did this to them the white working class that finds itself attracted to Trump has been victimized by outside forces They the white working class that finds itself attracted to Trump has been victimized by outside forces themselves the white working class that finds itself attracted to Trump has been victimized by outside forces " He Trump goes on to make the conclusion that it ’s great these communities are dying out because they these communities a warped morality and are a dead weight on the economy . " The truth about these dysfunctional , downscale communities is that they deserve to die . Economically , they they negative assets . Morally , they they indefensible , " the conservative writer says . " The white American    is in thrall to a vicious , selfish culture whose main products are misery and used heroin needles . Donald Trump ’s speeches make them speeches good . So does OxyContin . What they speeches is n’t analgesics , literal or political . They speeches real opportunity , which means that they speeches real change , which means that they speeches   . If you want to live , get out of Garbutt [ a    town in New York . ] " You can read the rest of the story here . 
 