West Palm Beach , Florida ( CNN ) President Donald Trump , once a critic of his predecessor ’s golfing , has visited one of his golf courses in Florida     seemingly to play the sport     five of the last seven weekends . A president ’s golf play is far from controversial : In fact , A president’s golf play ’s the most common pastime of the country ’s leaders . But before his ran for office , Trump was the most fervent critic of the fact that President Barack Obama regularly hit the links with friends , aides and advisers , arguing that it showed President Barack Obama was unserious about fixing America ’s problems . Now that Trump is President , the comments are coming back to complicate Trump golf habit . Trump has visited the two courses near Trump     estate     Trump International Golf Course in West Palm Beach and Trump National Golf Course in Jupiter     10 times in the first two months of Trump presidency . ARCHIVES : Rory McIlroy : Golf round with Trump ’not an endorsement’Trump ’s top aides would rather obscure that fact , especially considering the President ’s past comments about the sport and the White House . " I ’m going to be working for you I ’m ’m going to have time to go play golf , " Trump said during a 2016 event in Virginia .   For the most part , aides have declined to confirm that Trump Trump playing golf on weekends in Florida , instead repeatedly telling reporters that the President " may " hit a few balls at his the President but that they did n’t know for sure . On multiple occasions , though , Trump Trump have been made public . CNN has seen Trump golfing     driving up the 12th hole on his championship Trump golfing     at Trump International Golf Course     multiple times during the former reality star ’s first two months in office . Asked about playing golf before Air Force One took off from Florida , Trump said Trump played Trump very little " over the weekend . It has Trump been revealed     through golf blogs and media reports     that Trump has Trump with top professional golfers such as Rory McIlroy , one of the    golfers in the world . While hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Palm Beach last month , Trump also Trump a full round with the foreign leader and professional golfer Ernie Els . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer defended Trump ’s Trump by citing the one day he hosted the White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer leader , arguing that Trump utilized golf Trump " foster deeper relations . " " How you use the game of golf is something that he has talked White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer , " Spicer said . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer his presidency Obama White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer golfed with foreign leaders , including Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak , British Prime Minister David Cameron and New Zealand Prime Minister John Key . Trump ’s preferred course by far is the one closest to his Florida home Trump Trump International Golf Club . He has visited Trump course all Trump’s preferred course he has golfed Trump becoming President . Only one time     while hosting Abe     did the President also visit Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter . Trump also visited his Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter in Sterling Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter Virginia , on March 11 for a meeting . It is unclear whether he played . Trump Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter critiquing Obama Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter golfing a part of his 2016 message . Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter I love golf , I think it ’s one of the greats , but I do n’t have time , "     Trump said during a Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter 2016 rally in Michigan . " He played more golf Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter year than Tiger Woods . We do n’t have time for this . We do n’t have We for this . We have this work We " And before he ran for president Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter Trump would tweet about Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter ’s golfing . " Can you believe that , with all of the problems and difficulties facing the US , President Obama spent the Obama golf , " Trump tweeted in October Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter . " Worse than Carter . " Now , citing the President ’s privacy , Obama are Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter to conceal the President ’s frequent golfing . This story Obama . 
 