" Just words . " During Sunday night ’s debate , that ’s how Donald Trump described the 2005 recording that caught Donald Trump boasting about Donald Trump ability to touch women without women permission . Jessica Leeds , watching on TV from home , was so upset by what Donald Trump said that she Jessica Leeds a letter to The New York Times the next morning . In the latest episode of The    I speak with my Times The New York Times and    Megan Twohey , about what happened next . We investigated Ms. Leeds ’s claims . And we We a Mr. Trump    Ms. Leeds and Rachel Crooks   —    who say Mr. Trump touched them inappropriately without their consent . He denies those them   — Mr. Trump forcefully . In the episode , Ms. Twohey recounts an animated interview in which the Republican presidential nominee called her " disgusting . " I Ms. Twohey as well to Mark Leibovich , the chief national correspondent at The New York Times Magazine , about how Mr. Trump is responding to these Mr. Trump accounts and how Hillary Clinton is treating this moment in the campaign . He wrote a major piece about the Mr. Trump weeks of Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign , for which Hillary Clinton Democratic nominee . We Mr. Trump talk about the revelations contained in leaked emails from Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John Podesta , Hillary Clinton story of how a single piece of fruit , rolled down an airplane aisle , seems to encapsulate her campaign . From a desktop or laptop , you can Hillary Clinton by pressing play on the button above . Or if you ’re on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Podcasts " with a your podcast app icon . ( This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the " search " magnifying glass the series the bottom of the screen , type in " The   " and select it from the list of results . 3 . Subscribe . Once your podcast app the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you the series page to stream the episode . On your Android phone or tablet : 1 . Open your a new episode . It ’s a    app called " Play Music " with an     icon . your podcast app This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results . You may have to the series to find the the series Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to the series page . 
 