NEW YORK   —    " It was a blast from the past , " Felicia Dunham , 40 , told Breitbart News of Saturday ’s bombing in NEW YORK that left 29 people injured . [ Dunham , who is a manager at a Duane Reade pharmacy located in Midtown East , told Breitbart Breitbart News the terrorist attack carried out by naturalized U. S. citizen Ahmad Khan Rahami , 28 , reminded her of the September 11 bombings that shook the nation .   " It shook the building . It shook It in my chair , " Leonard Yap , who is a doorman at a    building located at 125 West 22nd Street , told Breitbart News . " At fist I thought it was It underground transformer . " Asked if he was surprised that it was a terrorist attack , Yap said , " I was n’t really surprised , because nowadays you can expect anything . " The incident left others visibly shaken . " I could n’t even speak . I was shaking , I could n’t speak , I did n’t know what was going on , " Marta , 21 , told Breitbart News Breitbart News Polish woman works at the Malibu Diner located on 23rd Street . The diner was the Malibu Diner located on 23rd Street , as it is part of the Malibu Diner located on 23rd Street series of businesses located within several feet of the explosion . She said the The Polish woman has left the explosion . The Polish woman Last night I was smoking outside my building and I saw someone putting an empty cup or something behind a mailbox and I got so scared . I was like , ‘ What was that ? ’ " Describing the initial moments after the incident , she said " The Polish woman went outside and all I could see was smoke . There were papers flying everywhere   …      I just want to forget everything that happened . " Marta said the The Polish woman part of the entire incident was that the incident The Polish woman to smoke and stands right next to the very dumpster in which the homemade bomb was detonated . Marta told Breitbart The Polish woman she hopes to The Polish woman for the United Nations one day . Asked if recent international events that have motivated her to become The Polish woman in international relations , she said " The Polish woman . Because I got mad . Just today in the news I found out that this Breitbart News Muslim . And I have friends from there , " she said of The Polish woman Middle East . " And then when I came here , some guy was like ‘ oh , are you gon na vote for Trump now because he ’s not gon na let them in?’ some guy I said ‘ why are putting every Muslim in one bucket ? That ’s not how it works . ’ " She added , The Polish woman But at the same time , 10 minute after that I found out that he had another five bombs . " " To me , it The Polish woman terrorism right away when a bomb blows up in a major city , " Jim , who works in advertising , said of Mayor Bill DeBlasio ’s initial attempt to avoid the terrorism label . DeBlasio initially stated that there was " no Bill DeBlasio terror threat against NYC at this moment . " DeBlasio later changed his tune , stating , Bill DeBlasio Based on Bill DeBlasio information we have now we have every reason to believe this was we act of terror . " Jim said , " I live in Queens , where you have a larger Muslim population than probably anywhere else in the city . " Asked by Breitbart News NYC correctness had something to do with politicians being more reluctant to come out and speak against the incidents that are happening right now , he said , " I think that political correctness Jim important and I have to , based on my skin type , be more politically correct than other people , it seems . " He is of Irish descent . He added , Jim these radicals are an isolated Jim a small group . It ’s not everybody . " Speaking of Trump , he said , " I do n’t know his Jim for it . I would like a Jim solution that would be equitable to me . I certainly am not a    person Jim but I do n’t know what the answer is . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 