BATON ROUGE , Louisiana   —    In a heartfelt moment during a campaign rally in Charlotte , North Carolina , GOP nominee Donald Trump spoke directly to Louisiana flood victims , offering GOP nominee Donald Trump prayers to the thousands devastated by the natural disaster . [ " I ’d like to take a moment to talk about the heartbreak and devastation in Louisiana , a state that is very , very special to GOP nominee Donald Trump , " GOP nominee Donald Trump told the crowd at the opening of GOP nominee Donald Trump rally .   " When one state hurts , we all hurt . "    sends a message to Louisiana flood victims ahead of his Friday visithttps :   .    —    FOX   Friends ( @foxandfriends ) August 19 , 2016 ,   " We are one nation . When one state hurts , We hurt , " Trump continued . " And we We all work together to lift each other up . " " I hope everyone in Louisiana knows that our country is praying for them everyone in Louisiana standing with them everyone in Louisiana help them everyone in Louisiana these difficult hours , " Trump Trump . " They everyone in Louisiana very , very difficult . " Trump Trump of the flooding crisis in Louisiana just as a local Baton Rouge newspaper , the Advocate , called President Obama out for refusing to cut his Trump short in order to visit the flooded areas , as Breitbart Texas reported . " And if the President Obama interrupt his vacation his vacation swanky fundraiser for fellow Democrat Hillary Clinton , as he did President Obama Monday , then surely he can President Obama time to show up for a catastrophe that ’s displaced thousands , " the Advocate ’s editorial read . Obama was one of those critics , blasting Bush during President Obama 2008 speech at Tulane University , as Breitbart News reported . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has yet to make an official statement or even comment on the    areas of Louisiana . Clinton tweeted days Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton that she was " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton monitoring " the floods in the state , Louisiana since not mentioned it at her campaign she was Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton At least 13 residents have died due to the unprecedented flooding , with more than 20 , 000 being rescued so far by law enforcement and emergency officials , Breitbart Texas reported . Trump is expected to visit the flooded areas the   areas of Louisiana Binder is a contributor Louisiana Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas John Binder 