WEST PALM BEACH , Florida   —    Sen. Marco Rubio is pressing Sen. Marco Rubio unlikely campaign to stop Donald Trump at all costs , even suggesting that Sen. Marco Rubio supporters might support Ohio Governor John Kasich in Sen. Marco Rubio home state to keep the controversial billionaire presidential candidate from earning enough delegates . [ Sen. Marco Rubio held a    press conference at the Temple Beth El here in West Palm Beach to discuss Trump ’s foreign policy weaknesses , but the topic quickly turned to Sen. Marco Rubio electoral strategy .   " Yeah , if a voter in Ohio is motivated by stopping Donald Trump , comes to the conclusion that John Kasich can beat John Kasich there , then I expect that ’s the decision they will make , " John Kasich said . But John Kasich urged supporters in Florida to continue supporting John Kasich , as John Kasich says it ’s the best chance to beat Donald Trump in Florida . " I can tell you that in Florida , Florida ’m the only one that can beat Donald Trump , whether someone supports Ted Cruz or John Kasich , if you vote for them in Florida Ted Cruz or John Kasich it Florida in essence voting for Donald Donald Trump " he said Donald Trump Rubio asserted that he had not discussed Rubio issue with Kasich , and that John Kasich thought on the Rubio was merely an " observation . " " Clearly John Kasich has a John Kasich of winning Ohio than I do , " he said . Rubio asserted John Kasich Trump still Rubio n’t win enough delegates on Tuesday to get the nomination . " I do n’t think Donald Trump Donald Trump the majority of the delegates , unless he wins Florida Donald Trump Ohio and even there he would Ohio Donald Trump get there , " he said . Donald Trump reporters brought up consistent polling that showed him behind Trump Donald Trump Rubio Donald Trump them . " How do you consistent polling that showed him behind Trump he is leading Donald Trump " he asked , Donald Trump mistaken polling in Virginia before their primary that showed him behind by Donald Trump points . " I would have beat him , had Donald Trump had another two days of campaigning , " he said confidently Donald Trump Rubio is betting that last minute Rubio of campaign activity in the state will help him close Virginia between he Rubio Trump before Tuesday ’s Rubio . " By the way , voters in this election have shown a propensity to change their minds and to do so quickly voters in this election " he said . 
 Rubio 