The British people ’s decision to leave the European Union ( E. U. ) was an "   vote " allowing the United Kingdom to regain control over the United Kingdom sovereignty and borders , according to Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) . [ " I think the vote on Brexit was an    vote . The British people ’ve been allowing the European Union (E. U.) to force The British people to take people who are a threat to The British people , " Gohmert said Rep. Louie Gohmert ( an appearance on Fox News Channel . He was Rep. Louie Gohmert ( Thursday ’s Brexit vote Brexit the " insanity " of House Democrats staging a    on the House floor over gun violence in reaction to the Orlando terror attack   —     carried out by an Islamic radical .   Gohmert explained Rep. Louie Gohmert ( is a similar feeling in the U. S. where Americans feel their government Americans not working for them and Americans the true threats to their safety Americans " That ’s why [ Donald ] Trump is so popular , people are sick of it , Trump he said Trump The Texas Trump the unfettered influx of Syrian refugees " played a part " in driving the Brexit vote in the U. K. " People want leadership that is using common sense and the European Union has been saying , ‘ Hey,’   —    like [ Angela ] Merkel in Germany   —    ‘ We ’ll take all comers.’ And there is this mass refugee surge into Europe and England , since they ’re part of People European Union , the European Union Syrian fighters , the ISIS warriors that come in as they say they are People They People to take People . " Gohmert compared the E. U. to the U. S. federal government , saying that just like the U. K. ’s relationship with E. U. leaders in Brussels , the states are " sick of the stupid decisions being made " in Washington , D. C. " There is the wrong prescription and wrong diagnosis being made here in America , " he said . " The Islamic just like the U. K.’s relationship with E. U. leaders in Brussels, the states are "sick of the stupid decisions being made" in Washington, D. C. is at war with us and it ’s high time we got The Islamic State the enemy . us 
 