Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump will not head to Milwaukee for a previously scheduled visit of a    factory after the company decided it was n’t comfortable hosting President Donald Trump amid planned protests , an administration official said Tuesday . President Donald Trump had been scheduled to tour a   factory Thursday where President Donald Trump also planned to sign executive orders related to American manufacturing . a previously scheduled visit of a   factory had not been publicly announced , but White House staffers were already on the ground in Milwaukee setting up for President Donald Trump planned visit to the factory on a   factory White House spokeswoman Stephanie White House Trump President Donald Trump not expected to go to Milwaukee on Thursday .    Milwaukee a Thursday Tuesday night saying they " do n’t have , nor did we have , a scheduled visit from the President this week at any of our facilities . "   we We are proud to have we Presidential visits at our facilities . Three of our facilities five presidents     Ronald Reagan , George W. Bush and Bill Clinton     have visited us at our facilities . we visits we our facilities to the pride and passion of our employees and their great we building    motorcycles , These visits said Maripat Blankenheim , director of   ’s corporate communication . " We look forward to hosting the president in the future . " Trump set to make Supreme Court pick Trump’s Large protests have been in the works in recent days , particularly in light of Trump ’s executive order issuing an immigration Trump’s . It was the threat of protests , and not Trump ’s planned signing of executive orders , that made    uncomfortable , the official said . The canceled trip    difficulties Trump will continue to face as he Trump’s to implement his agenda while Trump’s presidency is engulfed Trump’s controversy . Trump’s ’s decision to temporarily ban citizens Trump’s    countries from traveling to the US and suspend the admission of all refugees has sparked a wave of protests nationwide     protests which now appear to have torpedoed the rollout of an unrelated part of his policy agenda . The travel ban was Trump’s met with widespread condemnation by Democrats and even some Republicans who called the move counterproductive to US counterterrorism efforts . That fiery opposition has already ramped up Democrats’ efforts to stall the confirmation of Trump ’s Cabinet nominees , and could also trickle down to legislative efforts . CNN ’s Jim Acosta contributed to this report . 
 