Washington ( CNN ) Department of Homeland Secretary Jeh Johnson is warning lawmakers that personal information collected by Washington (CNN) Department of Homeland Secretary Jeh Johnson agency for applications for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival , or    Dreamers , should not be used in the future to deport personal information collected by his agency for applications for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or   Dreamers .    Homeland Secretary Jeh Johnson veiled warning to incoming President Donald Trump and his Homeland Secretary Jeh Johnson could be useful in upcoming court cases if Trump revokes an executive order signed by President Barack Obama . That order , signed in 2012 , stops deporting young undocumented immigrants who entered the United States as children so long as they young undocumented immigrants who entered the United States as children certain requirements . " Since DACA began , thousands of Dreamers have been able to enroll in colleges and universities , complete their thousands of Dreamers , start businesses that help improve our economy , and give back to our our as teachers , medical professionals , engineers , and entrepreneurs     all on the books , " Johnson wrote in a letter . " We continue to benefit as a country from the contributions of those young people who have come forward and want nothing more than to contribute to our country and our our future . " Johnson Johnson it is department precedent to only use the details of people seeking protection from deportation only for that express purpose , citing how foreign victims of Hurricane Katrina or abused immigrants under the jurisdiction of the Violence Against Women Act were treated .   " We believe these representations made by the US government , upon which DACA applicants most assuredly relied , must continue to be honored , " Johnson wrote . Politico first reported Johnson Johnson . On the US Citizenship and Immigration Services website , the site states , " Information provided in this request is protected from disclosure , " but also warns that policy " may be modified . " " This policy , which may be modified , superseded , or rescinded at any time without notice , is not intended to , does not , and may not be relied upon to create any right or benefit , substantive or procedural , enforceable by law by any party in any administrative , civil , or criminal matter , " the site the site its Frequently Asked the site ’s page . Some immigration attorneys are advising their clients not Some immigration attorneys apply for DACA given the risks . Dreamers and several    mayors have asked Trump to reconsider his plan to Trump the protections . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel pressed Trump over the Trump at a meeting in Trump Tower last month . Trump in recent Trump appeared to soften his tone about Trump , telling Time magazine : " We ’re going to work something out that ’s going to make people happy and proud . " 
 