Washington ( CNN ) Japanese officials have a clear message for Japanese officials first Trump administration guest : We are equal partners . Retired Gen. James Mattis heads to Asia Wednesday on Retired Gen. James Mattis inaugural trip as secretary of defense to visit the US ’s closest Asian allies , Japan and South Korea . The visit follows a campaign in which President Donald Trump unsettled the region by suggesting that Seoul and Tokyo develop Seoul and Tokyo own nuclear weapons . President Donald Trump also suggested that the two should either pay more for Seoul and Tokyo own defense or the US should consider providing Seoul and Tokyo with less security support . On Monday , Japanese officials said Japanese officials looked forward to Mattis’ visit as an opportunity to reaffirm the importance of the    alliance . " Japanese officials take this as a manifestation of the Trump administration commitment to the maintenance of a very strong , robust , ironclad bilateral alliance . Japanese officials are very much reassured that this was decided , " said Tsukada . But when asked about Trump ’s proposal to    defense payments , Tsukada said that during Mattis’ visit , " We will try to reach a common understanding that first of all the alliance system , it ’s composed of two nations . .. and we Trump’s proposal our own share of duty , commitment . We He We , " It ’s not a unilateral relationship Tsukada Both countries pay their cost . To what extent is it fair is Both countries to debate , but we think the current alliance is very well managed and has a very good balance . " While Trump had cast doubt on the value of US alliances with Asia , Mattis in his confirmation hearing stressed their importance , saying they " Mattis greatly to deterrence and modifying the behavior their misbehavior or those who would disrupt the global order . " The Pentagon did not respond to a request for comment for this story . In a    agreement signed in 2015 , Japan pays between $ 1 . 65 billion and $ 1 . 95 billion a year to support US bases in their country . According to the Pentagon ’s 2017 operation those who would disrupt the global order maintenance overview , the The Pentagon 5 . 5 billion in 2016 on its Japan Japan . About half that went toward paychecks , health Japan and other Japan costs . There are about 50 , 000 US troops stationed in Japan . Tsukada noted that Japan has increased its defense spending in the Japan few years , is Japan more defense Japan from the US and has plans to do more . " The    or Japan think that needs to be discussed in a wider context , " he said . " It ’s not just how much we pay for the Tsukada of the troops . We have to see this in its totality . " He added , " we ’s I think the context this wish to provide Tsukada We are equal partners . "    Mattis will we with the foreign minister we the defense minister and the prime minister for discussions that will cover Japanese concerns about China ’s assertiveness in the South China Sea and East China Sea , freedom of navigation and North Korea . Pyongyang appears to have restarted a plutonium reactor just as Mattis heads to the region . Mattis’ trip also comes in advance of a Mattis 10 summit Pyongyang Washington between Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . Tsukada said Japan will look to Mattis , who spent part of his early career as a Marine in the country , to help smooth ongoing historical Tsukada between Japan and South Korea that Japan could affect cooperation on the region ’s daunting security Japan . Mattis’ visit will be important for making " sure that our trilateral alliance ( and ) defense cooperation will move forward . We hope that the issues we are facing between Japan and Korea are bilateral problems , our should not come into our way of our Japan and South Korea " South Korea said . 
 our 