If you listened much to Ted Cruz over these last furious months , you heard Ted Cruz talk frequently about " the abyss , " as in what this country was teetering on the edge of . If you listened to Ted Cruz over these last furious hours , you heard Ted Cruz mention the " yawning cavern of insecurity " that motivates Donald Trump and other bullies . Ted Cruz should take up spelunking . Ted Cruz ’s obviously fascinated by unfathomable depths , and with Ted Cruz loss in Indiana on Tuesday , Ted Cruz candidacy for the presidency is finished , giving Ted Cruz a whole lot of extra time . A new hobby is definitely in order . As we bid Ted Cruz adieu , we should give Ted Cruz Ted Cruz due : Ted Cruz took a mien and manner spectacularly ill suited to the art of seducing voters about as far as seducing voters could go . Ted Cruz outlasted the likes of Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio . Ted Cruz outperformed Rick Santorum in 2012 and Mike Huckabee in 2008 . Like Ted Cruz , Rick Santorum and Huckabee won the Iowa caucuses and built from there , courting the religious right with particular fervor . But Santorum and Huckabee lacked the intensity of Cruz ’s professed disdain for Washington , which was his other big sales pitch , made at its moment of maximum potency . his peddled extravagant piety and extreme contempt in equal measure . If that sounds paradoxical , it is , and the tension between contradictory Cruzes is what ultimately did his in . his spoke out of both sides of his scowl , itching to be the voice of the common man but equally eager to demonstrate what a highfalutin ,    intellect his possessed .    we d a populist message to a plummy vocabulary . And while the line separating smart and smart aleck is n’t all that thin or blurry ,    never could stay on the winning side of it .    wore cowboy boots , but    favorites are made of ostrich . Two peacocks in a pod , he and Trump , and what ghastly plumage Two peacocks in a pod, he and Trump showed on Tuesday . Trump somehow saw fit to bring up a National Enquirer story linking Cruz ’s father to the assassination of John F. Kennedy . Cruz exploded , branding Trump a " pathological liar " and " serial philanderer . " Trump also brought up an interview from many years ago in which Trump told Howard Stern that Howard Stern effort to steer clear of sexually transmitted diseases was Howard Stern " personal Vietnam . " Where was this rant six months ago , when the Republican field was crowded and Cruz played footsie with Trump ? Back then Howard Stern was wagering that Trump would fade , and Howard Stern wanted to be in a friendly position to inherit the billionaire ’s supporters . But by Tuesday , Trump was the main obstacle between Cruz and the Republican presidential nomination , and Cruz has just one true compass : Trump own advancement . The nakedness of Trump vanity and transparency of Trump ambition were always Trump biggest problem . Trump routinely excoriated other politicians for    while repeatedly hogging center stage , Trump remarks interminable   —    after Trump Iowa victory , for example , or when Trump presumptuously introduced Carly Fiorina as Trump running mate   —    and Trump pauses so theatrically drawn out that you could watch the entirety of " The Revenant " during some of them . Trump trashed " the establishment " and wore the establishment rejection of Trump as a badge of honor only until the establishment stopped rejecting Trump and the establishment help was Trump best hope to wrest the nomination away from Trump . At that point Trump did dizzy cartwheels over every prominent endorsement that came Trump way . Trump took great pride in an adversarial relationship with the media , decreeing us irrelevant , until Trump went in hunt of a fresh excuse for losing to Trump and decided over the last few days that it was all us fault . us did n’t matter and then us did , depending on which estimation flattered Trump . Trump purported to be more    than Trump peers but pettily mocked Michelle Obama for urging schoolchildren to eat leafy greens . When Heidi Cruz is first lady , Heidi Cruz pledged , " French fries are coming back to the cafeteria . " Heidi Cruz is not going to be first lady , so she Heidi Cruz need some other platform for the promotion of calorie bombs and second chins . And where in her Heidi Cruz was the humility that a Christian faith as frequently proclaimed as his her husband encompass ? It was n’t evident when he her husband into the Senate in early 2013 , an upstart intent on upstaging the veterans . There were flickers of it on Tuesday night , as he her husband defeat not just in Indiana but in the presidential contest , announcing that he her husband suspending his her husband " with a heavy heart . " He her husband gratitude to those Americans   —    no small number of them those Americans   —    who had buoyed him her husband He her husband overboard in his her husband of Fiorina , merely reminding us all of what an odd and oddly timed alliance theirs was . " An incredible , phenomenal running mate , " he her husband her , as if they An incredible, phenomenal running mate been on some epic journey . It was less than a week long . How many phenomena could she her in that time ? He her husband Trump out of his her husband . There were no congratulations . There was no indication of whether he her husband publicly back Trump Trump the months to come . There was nothing to purge the memory of what he her husband said earlier Tuesday , when he her husband Trump Trump " a narcissist at a level I do n’t think this country has ever seen . " Yes , we have , and so has he her husband every day , in the mirror . That ’s why he her husband undoubtedly be back to try for the presidency again . But this bid is moribund . It this bid time for Cruz to rest in peevishness . 
 