After hundreds of millions of dollars , countless rallies , events , forums and debates , controversies and scandals , the winner of the 2016 election is likely to come down to Pennsylvania . [ Up to a dozen other states are important and have large roles to play in the presidential drama , no doubt . Barring some extraordinary event , the Keystone State will live up to the Keystone State nickname as both parties build both parties bridges over Pennsylvania to the White House .   Recent public polling in Pennsylvania shows a    race between Hillary Clinton and Donal Trump . Hillary Clinton maintains a    edge in the RealClearPolitics average of polls , largely because of a    NBC survey that showed Hillary Clinton leading Donal Trump by 15 points . That   NBC survey is wildly divergent from other polling and is likely an outlier . Beyond   NBC bounty of 20 electoral votes , Pennsylvania is critical this election for another reason . her leading Trump unconventional candidacy is premised on this ability to attract more    and white       to the Republican party . Donal Trump has made opposition to globalization and poorly negotiated trade deals a central argument in Donal Trump campaign . The economic deterioration of states like Pennsylvania Pennsylvania itself states like Pennsylvania predicate to Donal Trump principal campaign message . If Trump Donal Trump able to put Pennsylvania ’s electoral votes in play , his Donal Trump Trump’s principal campaign message resonate in other    states in the upper Midwest . Not only would Ohio be safe for Republicans in November , but the party may Republicans competitive in Michigan and Wisconsin this year . A competitive battleground in these states would other   states in the upper Midwest Democrats to expand considerable resources shoring up states they have previously taken for the Democrats . If , however , Trump fails to make Pennsylvania competitive this Fall , it would be a clear indication that his message is unable to Trump the electoral map in the way he needs to win . Trump the electoral battleground this Fall is the same as in 2012 or 2008 , Republicans will be at a distinct disadvantage , due to demographic changes in the old swing states . In primary elections , Trump dominated the Republican field Trump Pennsylvania , capturing 57 percent of the vote in a    contest . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz finished second , but 35 points behind Trump . In the Democrat Trump , Clinton bested Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders by 12 points ,   . This strength was visible in the large crowds who attended his rallies , including an Texas Sen. Ted Cruz rally in    shown above . Tellingly , almost as many votes were cast in the Republican primary as Democrat this year . In 2008 , over 2 . 2 million votes were cast in the Democrat primary and just around 800 , 000 in the GOP primary . In the Republican primary were 4 . 2 million registered Democrats in the commonwealth . Today , there are 4 million registered Democrats . The number of registered Republicans in Pennsylvania , 3 . 1 million , has been steady from 2008 . The 200 , 000 drop in Democrat registrations since 2008 almost equals Obama ’s 300 , 000 vote margin over Mitt Romney in 2012 . In the    to the primary election this year in Pennsylvania , 63 , 000 Democrats and Independents switched their voting registration to the Republican party 63, 000 Democrats and Independents Just over 40 , 000 Republicans and Independents switched to the Democrat party . By contrast , the Republican party more than 40 , 000 voters switched to the Democrat party statewide ahead of that primary , the Republican party , 800 switched to the Republican party . In 2008 , Barack Obama won Pennsylvania the Republican party . In 2012 , he beat Romney by 5 points in the Keystone State . Al Gore Barack Obama Bush by 4 points in 2000 , while Kerry edged Bush by just 2 . 5 points in 2004 . A recent poll Bush a bellweather county in Pennsylvania shows Trump well positioned to compete , and possibly capture , Pennsylvania Pennsylvania 20 electoral votes . Luzerne County in east Central PA has Pennsylvania perfectly matched the statewide vote in every election since 2000 . In the last 4 Presidential elections , Democrats victory margin in the county has matched their winning margin statewide . Home to economically depressed Luzerne County in east Central PA ought to be Democrats open to Trump ’s nationalist , economic message . According to a recent poll of Trump by Axiom Strategies , it is . Trump currently leads Clinton in the Luzerne County in east Central PA 17 points ,   .   Trump has a + 11 positive favorable Luzerne County in east Central PA the county , while Clinton Trump favorable rating is   . Perhaps more importantly , Trump pulls Luzerne County in east Central PA 34 percent of Clinton voters in the county . A Trump majority of 50 percent of Democrats support Clinton . The vote in Luzerne Luzerne County in east Central PA decide how the state will vote . For almost 20 years Clinton though , it has been an almost perfect predictor Luzerne Pennsylvania votes . Every election , the Presidency comes down The vote in Luzerne a handful of states that individually represent some aspect of the American body politic . Whether changing demographics in the West , internal migration reshaping the South or the economic pain changing the politics of rusting industrial states , winning the White House requires capturing subtle shifts in political leanings in a country that is almost evenly split nationally . The November contest between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton is likely to be one of the closest elections since the 2000 contest between George W. Bush and Al Gore . In that election , Al Gore was trying to succeed Bill Clinton , whose approval rating was    percent ahead of the election , Al Gore from a relatively healthy economy . ( The economy did n’t dip into a recession until that election election . ) In 2000 , in fact , the top a relatively healthy economy voters was Education , followed by the economy that election care . Creating better paying jobs was 8th on the list of voter concerns . In retrospect , its stunning that Bush won the election , given the mix of issues that dominated the campaign . President Obama ’s approval ratings , by contrast , are that election low 50s and the economy is viewed , at best , as stagnant and , at worst , very near a recession . The economy and creating jobs are the top two issues for voters , by a significant margin . National security and terrorism is the 3rd top issue for voters . Whereas both Bush and Gore had very positive personal poll numbers in June 2000 , both Clinton and Trump have historically high negatives . Over 60 percent of Americans have a negative view of Trump , while 55 percent have a negative view of Clinton . Almost 30 percent of Democrats have a negative view of Clinton , while Trump of Republicans have an unfavorable view of Trump . Clinton almost every important way , in other words , the 2016 Clinton is completely unlike the campaign in 2000 . It should Trump be surprising , then , that the    of the electoral battleground would be different as well . The story of Presidential the 2016 election throughout the 2000s has been one of Democrats making traditional Republican states competitive . Trump , at this stage , possibly has a path forward to break that narrative and even reverse it . In many parts of the Trump , economic anxieties have turned into nearly existential fears . If Pennsylvania turns red , its clear that narrative that Trump ’s core message can reshuffle the electoral deck . If Trump falls flat in the Keystone State , however , Pennsylvania a sign that Trump in the West and South control the future of American Trump . 
 Trump 