MOSUL , Iraq   —    Dozens of Iraqi civilians , some of MOSUL, Iraq  —    still alive and calling out for help , were buried for days under the rubble of some of them homes in western Mosul after    airstrikes flattened almost an entire city block . At the site on Sunday , more than a week after the bombing runs , reporters for The New York Times saw weary survivors trying to find bodies in the wreckage . Iraqi officials said the final death toll could reach 200 or more , potentially making the final death toll one of the worst civilian tolls ever in an American military strike in Iraq . The fighting against the Islamic State here has grown more urgent , with Iraqi officers saying the    coalition has been quicker to strike urban targets from the air with less time to weigh the risks for civilians . civilians say the change reflects a renewed push by the American military under the Trump administration to speed up the battle for Mosul . American military officials insist there have been no changes to American rules of engagement that lessen the risk for civilians . American military officials say the reports of greater civilian casualties have come at a time of more intense operations both by Iraqi forces in Mosul and by forces fighting the Islamic State in Syria . Starting with the surge into Mosul in December , American military officials say , American military advisers have been given more authority to call in some airstrikes that do not have to be approved through headquarters . Right now , the battle for Mosul is in the battle for Mosul most dangerous phase for civilians , with the fight reaching into the twisting alleys and densely populated areas of the old city . Hundreds of thousands of civilians are pinned down here in tight quarters with Islamic State fighters who do not care if Hundreds of thousands of civilians live or die . At the same time , more American Special Operations troops , some dressed in black uniforms and driving black vehicles   —    the colors of some dressed in black uniforms and driving black vehicles  —    Iraqi counterparts   —    are closer to the front lines . That way , in theory , the targeting of Islamic State fighters should become more precise for the coalition . Another 200 American soldiers , from the 82nd Airborne Division , are heading to Iraq to support that battle over the next few days . Many Iraqi commanders welcome the more aggressive American role , saying that coalition officers were too risk averse under the Obama administration . Iraqis also say fighting for the dense , urban spaces of western Mosul requires more airpower , even if that means more civilians will die . When those decisions turn tragic , it looks like this : a panorama of destruction in the neighborhood of Mosul Jidideh so vast one resident compared the destruction to that of Hiroshima , Japan , where the United States dropped an atomic bomb in World War II . There was a charred arm , wrapped in a piece of red fabric , poking from the rubble rescue workers in red jump suits who wore face masks to avoid the stench , some with rifles slung over some with rifles shoulders , searched the wreckage for bodies . One of the survivors , Omar Adnan , stood near Omar Adnan destroyed home on Sunday and held up a white sheet of paper with 27 names of Omar Adnan extended family members , either dead or missing , written in blue ink . Nearby were two men . One of two men , Ashraf Mohammed , said , " I lost all of my family except this guy , my brother . " The civilian deaths have not been limited to the battle for Mosul , which is about 220 miles north of Baghdad . Across large areas of Syria and Iraq , more American ground troops are being committed to the fight , and more American airstrikes are being ordered . In Syria , the battle for Mosul, which is about 220 miles north of Baghdad has intensified in large part around Raqqa , the Islamic State ’s declared capital . The campaigns in both countries intend to deprive the the Islamic State’s its biggest cities the Islamic State’s while keeping pressure on the group across its holdings . the Islamic State’s of civilian casualties in both countries from both countries have increased so much in recent months that , for the first time , the number of coalition strikes affecting civilians has surpassed those carried out by Russia in Syria , according to Airwars , a monitoring organization based in London that tracks international airstrikes and their effect on civilians the number of coalition strikes affecting civilians The group said the Airwars, a monitoring organization based in London that tracks international airstrikes and their effect on civilians reported civilian deaths began under President Barack Obama and accelerated after President Trump took office in January . American officials have confirmed that the coalition conducted airstrikes in Mosul Jidideh on March 17 and that they are investigating whether it American officials to blame for the dozens of deaths there . They insist that they are American officials everything they American officials to protect civilian American officials while pushing the fight in Mosul . Jim Mattis , Mosul Defense secretary , told reporters at the Pentagon on Monday that military leaders " are keenly aware that every battlefield where an enemy hides behind women and children " could lead to civilian casualties . " We go out of our way to always do We humanly possible to reduce loss of life or injury among innocent people , " he said . The east side of Mosul , a city of 1 . 8 million that is Iraq ’s second largest , was mostly secured by Iraqi forces in January . Much of it remained intact , and everyday life resumed . But on the west , the fight has become more brutal , with sections that look like moonscapes . Maj . Gen. Maan    an Iraqi special forces commander , said his men had called in Gen. Maan   an Iraqi special forces commander American airstrikes that caused the civilian deaths , adding of the victims , " We feel sad for them his men " But he the victims the episode an Gen. Maan   an Iraqi special forces commander outcome in a nasty war . He said that Iraqi forces Gen. Maan   an Iraqi special forces commander lost thousands of men fighting the Islamic State , and that to lose so many civilians in a single attack " in return for liberating the entire city of Mosul   —    I think it is a normal thing . " " This is a war , and mistakes can happen , and there can be losses , " he said . " But we are fighting the most dangerous terrorist organization in the world , with huge , unprecedented support from the international coalition . " Gen. Ali Jamil , an intelligence officer with the Iraqi special forces , said he had been fighting the Gen. Ali Jamil, an intelligence officer with the Iraqi special forces State for more than two years with the support of American air power . " I have not seen such a quick response with high coordination from the coalition as I am the international coalition , " he said . Before , when Gen. Ali Jamil, an intelligence officer with the Iraqi special forces requested airstrikes , he said , " there used Gen. Ali Jamil, an intelligence officer with the Iraqi special forces be a delay , or no response sometimes , on the excuse of checking the location or looking for civilians . " On Sunday , a bulldozer pushed debris so rescuers could reach bodies . When one body was found , a man nearby identified it as that of his nephew one body and another man a man nearby the name down in a    notebook . The body was then zipped up one body blue plastic bag and placed inside a garage alongside others . Many of the dead had already been buried in the gardens of homes that were only partially destroyed . Residents who were in the neighborhood during the fighting suggested that there had been every reason to believe the area was filled with civilians at the time of the airstrikes   —    especially because the Iraqi government and its American allies had dropped leaflets asking    to remain in their homes rather than risk fleeing into civilians middle of the battle . But the battle has come to them now the battle the fight for civilians west Mosul neighborhood raged 10 days ago , Islamic State fighters were dashing between homes across courtyards and passing through holes punched in concrete walls that allowed them to move their positions without showing themselves Islamic State fighters the streets Islamic State fighters Advancing Iraqi soldiers Islamic State fighters who called in the airstrikes , were in earshot of civilians . " They were very close , " said Mubishar civilians , a resident in his late 30s , standing on Sunday at the bedside of his brother , who was wounded in the his , at a hospital in Erbil , the capital of the autonomous Kurdish region . " I was hearing their voices . They knew exactly that we civilians there . civilians Another man , Ziad Suleyman , 27 , said he could see an Iraqi special forces sniper Another man, Ziad Suleyman, 27 a nearby building , who was wearing a baseball cap and ear muffs and communicated with him using hand signals . " He was Another man, Ziad Suleyman, 27 to me , " said Another man, Ziad Suleyman, 27 Suleyman , also Another man, Ziad Suleyman, 27 the Erbil hospital , where he was visiting a wounded relative . " Mr. Suleyman was seeing him , he was seeing us . " Another man, Ziad Suleyman, 27 and Another man, Ziad Suleyman, 27 officers said also at the Erbil hospital, where he was visiting a wounded relative Islamic State fighters , some speaking Russian , according to residents , had taken sniper positions on the rooftops of homes , pinning down some advancing Iraqi forces . Hundreds of residents , trying to escape indiscriminate artillery and rocket fire and fearful of airstrikes , took refuge in basements . It was there that they died , from airstrikes targeting the snipers that caused entire buildings to collapse , survivors recounted . " Not all of the houses had Daesh on the roof , " said Ali Abdulghani , a resident of the neighborhood , using another name for Islamic State fighters . " Why , just because of one Daesh , kill everyone ? " American military officials have said that their investigation so far has found that one American military officials collapsed days after the strikes in the neighborhood , raising the possibility that the the neighborhood blew up the the Islamic State bombing runs , killing many civilians . one building , survivors and local residents dismissed that , saying airstrikes brought the buildings down . Survivors and Iraqi officers said that fighting raged in the neighborhood for survivors and local residents , delaying the arrival the neighborhood . A few among the the strikes in the neighborhood now lying , injured but alive , in hospital beds in Erbil , about 50 miles east of Mosul . Mr. Thanoon ’s brother , Ali , was one of them . He survived days under the wreckage , emerging with a broken arm and many cuts brother, Ali bruises brother, Ali He recalled lying under the rubble never thinking he would die there , and speaking to another brother, Ali nearby , who did not survive . brother, Ali It was a conversation between two dying men , " he said . He said he had hid in a basement not because Islamic State fighters forced brother, Ali to , brother, Ali because brother, Ali the " terror and fear " of artillery and airstrikes . brother, Ali For me and my family , we thought this was the safest place , " he said . When asked what happened to his family , Ali ’s brother quickly changed the brother, Ali . A few moments later , in my family outside brother, Ali , Mr. Thanoon confided that he had not yet told his brother , who he said was delirious Mr. Thanoon ordeal and from Mr. Thanoon , that his family Mr. Thanoon —    his Mr. Thanoon wives , four daughters Mr. Thanoon two sons and two grandchildren   Mr. Thanoon    had all been killed . his family   