  ( CNN ) A former top adviser to President Richard Nixon said Saturday that while A former top adviser to President Richard Nixon does n’t think tapes of conversations between President Donald Trump and    chief James Comey exist , a " taping device " should always be on hand in the Oval Office . Pat Buchanan ’s comments came in response to CNN host Michael Smerconish ’s question about a tweet Trump sent three days after firing Comey . The President posted that Comey " better hope there are no tapes of our conversations before The President starts leaking to the press . " Was the tweet , Smerconish asked Buchanan , a " threat or an admission ? " Neither , Buchanan replied , because Buchanan does n’t think such tapes exist . " I can not believe the FBI director would walk in the Oval Office and tape the President of the United States , " the FBI director said . " My guess is no taping device exists or did not exist at the time of that meeting , and that , there ’s sort of a warning : Tell the truth , the FBI director , " Buchanan said . President Trump and his the FBI director aides have refused to say to whether recordings of the conversations exist . Reps . John Conyers and Elijah Cummings , both Democrats , on Friday requested copies of any such recordings from the White House counsel . If there was n’t any taping device , Buchanan Buchanan , that was a mistake on the part of the White House , which has n’t been home to a covert recording system since Nixon moved out . " The President of the United States needs a taping device in the Oval Office , " Buchanan Buchanan . " If you ’ve got , for example . .. the Russians , and what did they say about Syria and Iran and what did they they about Afghanistan ? I mean , you want evidence of what they they , and they they expect you would be taping them what they said " But what about Buchanan Buchanan infamous advice to Nixon as Watergate unfolded to " burn the tapes " ? Would he Buchanan it now to Trump ? ( Note : The Presidential Recordings and Materials Preservation Act of 1974 says tapes like the ones Nixon Nixon are presidential records that must be preserved in federal archives . ) " No , if he Buchanan made them the ones Nixon recorded " replied Buchanan . " Do n’t you want a tape recording and do n’t you want a record of that , that you can look over and say , what exactly did they the ones Nixon recorded to , and what did n’t they the ones Nixon recorded to ? " he said . " Yes , " Smerconish replied . " But not between the FBI director and the President . " 
 