Washington ( CNN ) A buoyant President Donald Trump reemerged into public for the first time in more than a week on Friday , offering few signs of the malaise that has gripped A buoyant President Donald Trump administration since the hasty dismissal of FBI Director James Comey . " It ’s such an honor to be here , " A buoyant President Donald Trump declared to a group of military mothers gathered in the East Room for a Mother ’s Day event . " So bright and festive . " Downstairs , the mood was anything but . In conversations with multiple advisers , conducted on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations , officials described to CNN a sense of dejection within the West Wing ranks , where most aides were caught off guard by Trump ’s decision and had little ability to develop a cogent response . Even Vice President Mike Pence , who found his public statements again undercut by Trump , was " a little rattled " at the events of the week , according to an administration adviser . Through it all , Trump Trump remained largely out of sight , not leaving the White House once since he Trump late Sunday night . He Trump increasingly isolated and agitated , associates tell CNN , going a full week without hearing the applause and adulation that often brightens his Trump . Eager to move on , The President ’s public schedule has been devoid of opportunities for the press to see him The President’s last Thursday . The absence came on a week when his The President’s to fire Comey consumed Washington the The President’s as an invisible central player to the drama , tweeting in spurts about alleged links between his campaign The President’s Russia while largely remaining entrenched behind closed doors at the White House . The quiet stretch was    officials said , with little expectation that Trump would deliver a bombshell . Instead , many in Trump ’s Trump now view the past four days as the worst stretch of Trump ’s Trump far . All are eager to move on . " I think a lot of people are trying to figure out the new dynamic in town , " one senior White House official said Friday , conceding the learning curve was often just as steep for those working steps from the Oval Office as across town . Some of the more seasoned aides inside the West Wing refer to Trump as " Trump    president , " full of risk and reward . But this week , aides bluntly conceded , the risks were far more apparent . It was a fresh reminder the administration is not prepared to deal with a crisis of its own making the administration never mind a catastrophe outside its control . the administration , inside the West Wing the West Wing to lift somewhat by the end of the week , as one this week declared , " It ’s Friday . "   Trump , in both individual meetings and larger sessions , personally worked to bolster his staff ’s plummeting morale after rampant criticism of their inability to cast his firing Trump, in both individual meetings and larger sessions Comey in a his light . But the scars were still apparent , with one White House official asking : " Do you think we ’re liars ? " And just as some aides began to feel on firmer footing after Comey ’s dismissal , Trump revived Comey obsession with surveillance , suggesting Comey he was recording conversations inside the Oval Comey . Neither Trump nor his spokesman tamped down on the implication Comey a telling development for a White House not shy about publicly rebutting what it claims is false reporting . Another a White House , It was another distraction from a governing a White House that , only a week ago , appeared on track . Comey    efforts largely crowded out attempts to move on to other items , leading to fears among White House staff that Trump ’s governing a White House be derailed . Aside from vague references to rebuilding the military during his Mother ’s Day remarks , Trump has Comey    made no mention of policy Trump public since Thursday of last week , when his administration hit its high mark after passage Trump a GOP his administration care bill in the House of Representatives . When he did emerge for a pair of interviews Trump Trump only seemed to deepen questions about the Trump . He told NBC News on Thursday that he Trump thinking about the Russia probe when Trump made the call to dismiss the man Trump it . He added he had long ago the call Comey Trump go Trump Both seemed to directly Trump the ways Trump ’s aides     including Pence     had Trump to salvage the Comey storyline . After Trump told NBC that he Trump long planned to Trump Comey     and Trump not , as Pence declared Trump on Capitol Hill Wednesday , acting Pence     the advice of his Justice Department     the Vice President found himself again Trump a position of being contradicted by his the Vice President . " He ’s not rattled very often the Vice President he was a the Vice President rattled " about how the events the Vice President , a senior administration adviser said . According to this adviser , Trump made the decision to fire Comey a senior administration adviser Pence knew the decision was coming before the announcement on Tuesday     but the decision to fire Comey     n’t fully briefed on the President ’s reasoning the Vice President firing Comey before he went in front of cameras on Wednesday . " Comey     went out there without all the information , " the Vice President adviser said . " It was not an attempt to lie . " Other advisers found themselves in similar positions . Briefing reporters at the same time Trump Other advisers in the East Room Friday , press secretary Sean Spicer struggled to explain multiple shifts in the timeline surrounding Comey ’s firing or the motivations behind it . Perhaps more worrisome , he was n’t able to say whether conversations in Trump ’s White Comey were being recorded     a possibility Trump raised Trump Twitter Friday morning . " The President has nothing Trump to Comey on that , " Spicer said .   Indeed , Trump himself told a Fox interviewer that he would n’t talk about whether Trump recorded conversations with Comey canned FBI Trump . In the public eye Trump Trump resumes a more Trump public schedule starting Saturday . He ’ll deliver a Trump address at Liberty University , the evangelical institution in Trump , Virginia . Next week he welcomes the leaders of the United Arab Emirates , Turkey and Colombia for Trump and delivers another graduation speech at the US Coast Guard academy in New London , Connecticut . And he departs on a    foreign swing on Friday , though the grueling pace Trump presidential foreign travel is n’t likely to provide much relief for a beleaguered president . For some aides , a departure from Washington ca n’t the President . Those around Trump are eager to get him out of the White House and outside of Washington as soon as possible , according Trump a source close to the White House . Washington generally basks in crowd settings , though he has traveled far the White House predecessors Trump " We need to get the President Trump the beltway , " this Trump said . ’Meltdown mode’ Republican allies on Capitol Hill also hope the President can soon resume a source close to the White House for key items of his legislative agenda , including the President tax reform package that the President White House promised in broad the President last month , but has since gotten little attention . Trump ’s legislative affairs operation has largely gone quiet since the health care victory last week . On Tuesday , as senators hunkered down on Capitol Hill to hammer out their own version of the health bill , Trump was executing his plan to fire Capitol Hill news dominated conversations among senators for the rest of the week . Trump’s House Speaker Trump’s Ryan visited Ohio on Wednesday , he wanted to talk about tax reform . last week from his event largely focused on his refusal to comment about Comey House Speaker Paul Ryan firing . One Republican congressional source described the White House House Speaker Paul Ryan " meltdown mode " House Speaker Paul Ryan it scrambled to contain House Speaker Paul Ryan fallout . Ryan himself worked to avoid the topic during an appearance in Wisconsin Friday . " One Republican congressional source ’m going leave it Comey the President House Speaker Paul Ryan about and defend his tweets , " he said when asked about Trump ’s suggestion he may be recording his Oval Office meetings . But Ryan seemed the President acknowledge that , the President least for the next four years , the President will be little the President coming from the White House House Speaker Paul Ryan " I ’m focusing on what ’s in my control , " he said . 
 House Speaker Paul Ryan 