  ( CNN ) Donald Trump announced Donald Trump would meet with Sen. Joni Ernst on Monday , one of several recent names dropped on Donald Trump Twitter feed that are fueling speculation over Donald Trump    vice presidential selection . " I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey . @joniernst has done a great job as Senator of Iowa ! " Donald Trump tweeted early Monday .   Ernst ’s name appeared in reports on VP shortlists over the weekend , and a senior Donald Trump adviser confirmed to CNN that Ernst is being considered . After the meeting on Monday , Ernst said she had " a good conversation with Donald Trump . " Clinton seizes opening as Donald Trump alienates big business , " We discussed what I am hearing from Iowans as I travel around the state on my 99 county tour , and the best path forward for our country , " she said in a statement . " I will continue to share my insights with Donald about the need to strengthen our nation economy , keep our nation safe , and ensure our nation is always a strong , stabilizing force around the globe . " Trump also doled out some conspicuous praise for Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton , who have also been floated as potential running mates .   Trump tweeted Trump approval of Cotton ’s performance in an interview on Meet the Press on Sunday : " Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press the Press Despite a totally    interview by Chuck Todd , the end result was solid ! " Trump wrote .   In the interview on NBC , Cotton discussed his Senator Tom Cotton for Trump , but Trump asked to explain why he should be Trump , the Arkansas senator Senator Tom Cotton " Donald Trump can ultimately make the case for himself . " Pressed on Donald Trump his support seemed less than Donald Trump hawkish Arkansas freshman jokingly offered that " Arkansas I just do n’t demonstrate enthusiasm much in life , especially in such dangerous times as these . "   And Trump complimented Pence , whom he Donald Trump with Saturday , writing Donald Trump " Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday . Very impressed , great people ! " Marc Lotter , a spokesman for Pence , described the meeting as " warm and friendly " in a statement . Nodding at the vice presidential speculation , he also said that " nothing Donald Trump offered and nothing was accepted . " Pence endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz of Pence ahead of the Indiana primary back in May , but did not come out strongly against Trump . Clinton to ride Air Force One Trump asks who pays , Trump Trump apparently aware of the Trump surrounding the pick , capped the series of tweets with a pointed   : " The only people who are not interested in being the V. P. pick are the people who have not been asked ! " 
 