Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ It ’s moving day today , especially for Republicans , as the South Carolina primary will reshuffle the GOP field ( polls close at 7 pm EST ) . Democrats caucus in Nevada ( doors open at 2 pm EST ) in what is essentially a very early rubber match in the early series of nominating contests .     —    8:43 : Sen. Ted Cruz aims at Donald Trump . Sen. Ted Cruz : Trump Donald Trump Me as ’Only Real Threat’ https :   .    —    David Brody ( @TheBrodyFile ) February 22 , 2016 ,   8 . 14 : Donald Donald Trump some gloating . " @mikeliberation : This is the best reaction shot I ’ve ever seen lol # Trump2016 " pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 21 , 2016 ,   7 . 50 Sen. Marco Rubio is described as a boy by his friends 50 Sen. Marco Rubio Rubio super 50 Sen. Marco Rubio compares him to 50 Sen. Marco Rubio Potter https :   .   | AP Photo pic . twitter .    —    POLITICO ( @politico ) February 22 , 2016 ,   7 . 00 : Donald Trump ’s Atlanta rally . THANK YOU Atlanta , Atlanta ! Leaving for Nevada now . Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN ! https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 22 , 2016 ,   2 . 00 : Sen. Marco Rubio in Arkansas . Pic sent from # TeamMarco vol @austinmharrison at the Little Rock event . # Marcomentum is alive and well in Arkansas ! Arkansas . twitter .    —    Jordan Russell ( @jlrussell31 ) February 22 , 2016 ,   10:34 : As it gets later at night ,    media    inconvenient truths . CNN ’s Van Jones says that " people of color " have been telling him that Van Jones support Trump , so he says Van Jones media should not dismiss Trump ’s Trump of winning over some minorities . Flashback :   Jamelle Bouie : ‘ Not a Bad Play’ for Trump to Trump Black Voters with   . S. Worker Immigration Plan , 10:28 : New York Post on Trump : Trump ’s front page on Trump ’s Trump South Carolina win https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    New York Post ( @nypost ) February 21 , 2016 ,   10:25 : Trump Tweets : What a great night . Thank you South Carolina South Carolina special place with truly amazing people ! LOVE ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 21 , 2016 ,   10:23 : Ben Carson : Carson statement for Ben Carson ages ! he " received Ben Carson many delegates in South Carolina as South Carolina candidates but the winner "   —    Jonathan Martin ( @jmartNYT ) February 21 , 2016 ,   10:20 : Newsweek ’s Matthew Cooper : ‘ Trump has no lane . He ’s a Hummer Trump 90 . weaving in and out of traffic . He is dominating all Trump of the GOP demographic coalition not just those who are angry’ : Donald Trump ’s victory Trump South Carolina primary demonstrated his strength among Republican voters Trump all stripes and even helped force Jeb Bush , once considered the likely frontrunner in the GOP presidential contest , to suspend his campaign —   a Trump of how the real estate mogul has upended politics . Despite his    with Pope Francis Trump the state ’s governor endorsing his rival and the appearance Trump the state of George W. Bush to help his brother , Trump won George W. Bush in South Carolina . According to exit polls , he carried veterans and older Trump , virtually tied Ted Cruz for the evangelical vote and dominated among voters with no college , some college and college degrees . He won moderates and conservatives Trump His only weaknesses were among Trump " very conservative " voters , the more affluent and voters with graduate degrees . None of this means that Trump is unstoppable . But he ’s also won secular Trump Hampshire , where less than a quarter of the state ’s Republican primary voters were evangelical . ( In South Carolina , it ’s 69 percent . ) He came in second in Trump Iowa Caucuses . The southern states that dominate the March 1 and March 15 primary dates also seem like very fertile ground for the real estate mogul . " Let ’s put this thing away , " said a very competant Trump as Trump looked Trump to the upcoming contests . [   …     ] It ’s become cliche in the presidential campaign to talk about candidates having different lanes —   an outsider lane , an establishmient lane , etc . But Trump has no lane . He ’s a Hummer doing 90 . weaving Trump and out of traffic . He is dominating all elements of the GOP Trump coalition not just those who are angry . At this point here is no certainty , as Washington insisders had once hoped , that as the field narrowed Trump would be stopped either because voters somehow Trump to their senses or because the party would coalesce voters a less controversial alternative . But that seems less likely . The thinning field has actually strengthened Trump and the field possible that in Trump     race Cruz or the field could beat Trump but so far , with the exception Trump one outlier poll , the evidence suggests that Trump could beat them . 10:15 : Kasich Trump it ’s a    one outlier poll : Kasich : once there were 8 governors running for President Kasich now there is only one .   —    Heather Haddon ( @heatherhaddon ) February 21 , 2016 ,   10:12 : Eric Cantor , ladies and gentlemen : Proud to be a @JebBush supporter   …      he ’s a great American .   —    Eric      ( @EricCantor ) February 21 , 2016 ,   10:10 : Record turnout in South Carolina : Now more than 711 , 000 votes counted with 97 % in . Outside    window SC GOP chair set earlier this week ,   —    Greg Giroux ( @greggiroux ) February 21 , 2016 ,   SC GOP primary turnout record , as expected : 638 , 850 votes counted so far per AP ( 91 % precincts in ) vs previous high of 603 , 770 in 2012 ,   —    Greg Giroux ( @greggiroux ) February 21 , 2016 ,   10:05 : Brownstein on South Carolina exit polls : In exits in IA , NH , SC , opposite problems 4 @SenTedCruz   @marcorubio vs @realDonaldTrump :   Cruz coalition too narrow , Rubio ’s too shallow ,   —    Ronald Brownstein ( @RonBrownstein ) February 21 , 2016 ,   10:01 : Wonder if they are proud of him , arguably this cycle ’s biggest loser . Have Rubio worries , the mainstream media will continue to let him give advice and not realize it is like having Rubio Drummond and DeAndre Jordan instruct basketball players how to make free throws : Very proud of Jeb Bush and what he stood for . Proud to fight his corner , Jeb Bush of our @r2rusa staff and all Jeb Bush hard work .   —    mike murphy ( @murphymike ) February 21 , Mike Murphy : Interesting : Big Q : Does @georgepbush now endorse @tedcruz , whom he once called the future of the GOP ? # txlege ,   @georgepbush    Evan Smith ( @evanasmith ) February 21 , 2016 ,   9:54 : Erick Erickson praises Van Jones for calling Donald Trump " classless " : Amen , @VanJones68 . Amen . https :   .    —    Erick Erickson ( @EWErickson ) February 21 , 2016 ,   9:52 : Especially when the    establishment thought his candidacy was a joke and were praying for " close "    win so they could write that Trump underperformed expectations : Trump winning by    more significant than outcome of Donald Trump photo finish for Donald Trump ,   —    John Harwood ( @JohnJHarwood ) February 21 , 2016 ,   9:50 : She ’s right [ Tony Lee : As I ’ve always said , Trump can win the primary by winging it but he ca n’t beat Donald Trump     media machine ( of which the primary York Donald Trump are a part ] by winging it in the general election when the klieg lights get brighter and brighter the    media machine (of which    York Times are a part] when the media scrutinize every movement , utterance . It ’s the same scenario Palin would have faced had she run ] : Here ’s the next challenge should Trump win TX Palin Fla Trump —    someone trying to convince him he needs a    campaign ,   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT him February 21 , 2016 ,   9:40 : Cruz , who worked in George W. Bush ’s administration George W. Bush be a bigger part of the Bush administration , praises Jeb ! for not going into the gutter Jeb Bush He praises Bush Jeb Bush his " remarkable campaign . " Cruz thanks Jeb Bush South Jeb Bush team Jeb Bush Ted Cruz says " South Carolina effectively tied for Jeb Bush place " [ Tony Lee : decimal points matter — his South Carolina team ask Hillary Clinton after Iowa 2008 ] [Tony Lee defied expectations Iowa time . He says the Washington Cartel is terrified that Ted Cruz conservative grassroots is rising up . Cruz asks for a moment of silence of Ted Cruz Antonin Scalia . He says " Washington power brokers " will Ted Cruz decide Scalia ’s appointment . Washington It will be decided be We the People . " Cruz says he is the only campaign that Ted Cruz beaten Ted Cruz can beat Donald Trump Donald Trump That ’s why Donald relentlessly attacks Donald Trump and ignores the other candidates , " Cruz says . 9:35 : Ted congratulates Jeb ! Ted Cruz I congratulate @JebBush on a    campaign and wish him and Jeb Bush wonderful family all the best . https :   .    —    Ted Cruz ( a   campaign ) a   campaign 21 , 2016 ,   9:32 : AP writer repeats talking point that GOP establishment is peddling ( see how this works ? ): . @realDonaldTrump wins , but so the GOP 67 % of the # SCPrimary vote was against him . Will the # GOP rally around one alternative ? Time will tell .   —    Meg Kinnard ( @MegKinnardAP the GOP February 21 , 2016 ,   9:30 : Lame establishment talking points : 80 % voted against Rubio . 80 % voted against Cruz . 92 % voted against Bush . Rubio Ted Cruz mind : 67 % of South Carolina GOP primary voters Jeb Bush ballots against Trump South Carolina —    Matt Mackowiak ( @MattMackowiak ) February 21 , Trump ,   9:15 : Rubio trying to look optimistic with his 2nd or 3rd place finish even after his Rubio touted that he would win Rubio Carolina . He congratulates Messrs. Bush and Rubio . South Carolina Jeb Rubio as the " greatest governor Rubio the history Trump Florida . " Rubio says Jeb Bush " children of the Reagan revolution are ready to assume the mantle of Rubio . " He says they are ready to do for the next generation " what Ronald Reagan did Rubio us . " Rubio talks about the "children of the Reagan revolution century conservatism and and talks up Sen. Tim Scott ’s Reagan Rubio ’s story , and his story . Rubio says conservatives will fight for single moms , fathers who work two jobs to give Rubio opportunities they Haley had , high school students who go to schools across towns to better their lots in life . " We conservatives fight for you because we come from where you are now , we live conservatives way you are living now , " Rubio says . He We the race " practically speaking " is We to three men Rubio asks people Rubio join his campaign because he gives the his campaign best chance to unite the party and the country Rubio Rubio says Rubio will always remember South the GOP the place of " new beginnings " and Rubio South Carolina Rubio " [ Rubio ’s speech would have been a lot better had he won South Carolina like his advisers had Rubio and with all of the major South Carolina he received Rubio It seems like he Rubio trying too hard to look his advisers " winner " and Rubio speech seems like it would Rubio better as a    act at the convention given that he has n’t won a state yet . ] 9:05 : Trump : " let ’s put this thing Rubio . " 9:02 : We love our military and " We love our police . They ’re not being treated properly . " Trump says we are going to build our military so We , so powerful We " We Trump going our police mess with us , folks . " Trump says We ’ll get the equipment our military general needs and not want lawmakers in Congress Trump are controlled by special We tell them that they need . We says he is    his campaign . Trump says we ’re his campaign take care of our Trump . Trump chants " Trump lawmakers in Congress who are controlled by special interests USA lawmakers in Congress who are controlled by special interests USA ! " after Trump says his supporters make up an " incredible movement . " Trump says " we America Great Trump " Trump maybe the " greatest of all time . " Trump Tony Lee : Trump is getting better with his    speeches but it has to be better , tighter . For Trump it ’s worth , though , this is only Trump ’s third    speech ever Tony Lee So it is a work in progress . ] 9:00 : Coulter fired it : TRUMP : " We ’re going to do the wall .   And who ’s going to pay for the wall ? "   MEXICO ! ! ! ! ! ! !   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) February 21 , 2016 ,   8:59 : the wall cheer Jeb ! ’s suspension of his campaign : Raucous cheers at Marco Rubio his campaign Jeb Bush announces Rubio is suspending Jeb Bush campaign .   — Rubio Cassie Cope ( his campaign February Rubio 2016 ,   Jeb Bush at Rubio Rubio headquarters Rubio Jeb Bush announces he is suspending his campaign .   —    Cassie Cope ( @cassielcope his campaign 21 , Rubio   8:52 : Trump Jeb Bush thanking the Jeb Bush of South Jeb Bush . He says the Palmetto State is a " special state . Trump Trump thanks his South Carolina He says there is South Carolina Trump in case she goes in labor . Trump thanks Henry McMaster Trump backing Trump earlier in Trump process . He says he will take him over Gov. Haley anytime because " Trump won . " Melania congratulates South Carolina and says Trump will Trump the Trump best president . " Ivanka says Trump Henry McMaster an " incredibly hard worker " and " together South Carolina Henry McMaster Great Again . " Trump says   he will Trump the support of a lot of the other candidates as they drop out . Trump says there is Trump easy running Trump president —   tough , nasty .. but America beautiful " when you win . " Trump ’re going to start the other candidates country , " the other candidates says . Trump says America does n’t win on trade . Crowd yells that Mexico is going to pay for the wall . Trump They love Trump , I love them , " Trump says of Hispanics the country : We takes the stage with his family . America chanting " USA ! USA ! USA ! Trump 8:50 : Boos for    at Trump the wall party : Trump Mexico is going to pay for the wall ’boo’ from @realDonaldTrump crowd for Mexico is going to pay for the wall and @JebBush . @wis10 # Decision2016 # sctweets # scprimary pic Trump .    his family Chad K. Mills ( @ChadKMills ) February 21 , 2016 ,   8:45 : Chuck Todd ( Mike Murphy is arguably one of the biggest losers in this election cycle ) : The underwritten story of the night : the end of the Bush dynasty .   —    Chuck Todd ( @chucktodd ) February 21 , 2016 ,   8:40 : CNN report : Jeb Bush to suspend his campaign : Jeb ! tells supporters that the presidency is his campaign any one person . He says he is proud of the campaign he has run to Jeb Bush country . But Jeb Bush says that Jeb Bush people of Iowa , New Hampshire , and South Carolina have spoken and Jeb Bush respect Jeb Bush decision . Jeb gets choked Jeb Bush and says Iowa and tonight , I am Jeb Bush campaign . " Jeb congratulates his competitors the country " remaining on the island . " Jeb Bush @realDonaldTrump supporters ROAR with Jeb Bush   applause as @JebBush says : " Tonight I am suspending my campaign the people of Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina "   Jeb Bush    Jeb Bush Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) February Tonight , 2016 ,   the campaign he has run to unify the country the room as Bush speaks ,   —    Ed O’Keefe ( @edatpost ) February 21 , 2016 ,   8:39 : Google Trends : Trump was most searched on Google in South the campaign he has run to unify the country How @Google searches Jeb Bush down for the # SouthCarolina candidates todayhttps :   .   pic . Trump .    South Carolina GoogleTrends ( @GoogleTrends ) February 21 , 2016 ,   8:35 : Ben Carson tells supporters he ’s not dropping out . 8:33 : Trump has the broadest support : In # SCPrimary @SenTedCruz draws just 13 %    after 18 % IA , 8 % NH . Not much better than Trump ’12 : 11 SC , 14 IA , 6 NH ,   —    Ronald Brownstein ( @RonBrownstein Ben Carson February 21 , 2016 ,   8:30 : GOP establishment working hard to spin mainstream media reporters   …      more are not buying their    guzzling the establishment ’s   : If Trump beats Cruz in Texas and Rubio in Florida , where is all this stopping the GOP ? Ted Cruz —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) February 21 , Trump ,   The general denial I ’m still getting from GOP elites about the strong position Trump is in to be their nominee is Florida amazing ,   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) February 21 , 2016 ,   8:28 : Republicans Trump in Nevada on Tuesday : the GOP @RalstonReports now on MSNBC : Data he has seen , both public and private , indicate a 25 % to 30 % lead for Trump GOP elites Nevada . Vote is Tuesday .   —    Taniel ( @Taniel ) February 21 , 2016 ,   8:25 : Good news for Cruz : Trump to give Cruz the edge in the fight for second place   https :   .   Ted Cruz . twitter .    —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn Nevada February 21 , Tuesday ,   8:22 : Potentially a monster night —   Ted Cruz At this rate , Donald Trump is likely to win * ALL 50 * of South Carolina ’s GOP delegates .   —    Dave Wasserman ( @Redistrict ) February 21 , 2016 , Trump : Not good South Carolina : CNN reports that @marcorubio has won Greenville , home of Bob Jones University Ted Cruz which was supposed to go big for @tedcruz .   —    Jamie Johnson ( @JamieJohnsonUSA ) February 21 , 2016 ,   8:10 : Coulter asks   …      Has anyone in U. S. history ever had the financial support , party CNN ,   media support   —     lost 1st three states as Marco Rubio has ?   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) February 21 , 2016 ,   8:05 : Kasich has moved Coulter of Jeb ! into fourth despite barely having campaigned in the State . Rubio also did a good job lowering his expectations in the Palmetto State . ( Bush back in fourth ) 8:03 South Carolina ’s John King : Republican voters Jeb Bush South Carolina said tonight that " South Carolina on from the Bush family . " 8:00 : No TV at Jeb ! ’s campaign : No TV South Carolina Jeb Bush Bush campaign , do n’t think I ’ve ever seen His on Election NIght gathering .   —    Beth Reinhard ( @bethreinhard CNN February 21 , 2016 ,   7:55 : Tony Lee : Jeb Bush Tonight establishment not Republican voters in South Carolina Trump after tonight actually Jeb Bush —   he can play the     card all the way to the convention . The argument that 60 % of voters are not for Trump also does not carry Trump much water   …      pundits never say , for instance , that 80 % Tony Lee voters are against Rubio . It will be interesting to see if Tony Lee Trump Tonight Tony Lee the right hold Rubio ’s campaign to account for setting their     marker . Rubio did n’t get 2nd in New Hampshire . And he did not win South Rubio .    winners do n’t appear on Wheaties boxes . 7:52 : Matt Drudge : Rubio Trump v. Hillary Republican voters in South Carolina vs. Trump is the race Rubio .   EPIC . WILD . NASTY . FUN Rubio   # SCPrimary ,   —    MATT DRUDGE ( Rubio’s campaign ) February 21 , Trump ,   7:48 New Hampshire Trump may have been wrong about Sanders ’s support among Latinos : Contrary to entrance polls , @HillaryClinton won # latino precincts by more than 20 % Trump says America . twitter .    —    Andres Ramirez ( @andresramirezlv ) February 20 , 2016 ,   7:45 : Politico profiles the " Stump for Trump " sisters : Matt Drudge: Bring On Trump v. Hillary : On CNN , Dana Bash says we have to all pause and just accept the reality that Donald Trump convincingly won South Carolina . She seems flabbergasted like the rest of Trump    establishment ( The Washington Post‘s resident dunce Jennifer Rubin doubted that Trump would get   % in the South Carolina his announcement Trump which Trump made illegal immigration the centerpiece of his campaign . ) . Give CNN ’s David Chalian some credit his campaign    the GOP establishment    Trump his GOP establishment sources try to force him Trump guzzle . He says Trump Dana Bash is best positioned to win Trump GOP nomination and people need to come to grips with that . 7:37 : Fox News spinning hard for establishment favorite Rubio : FOX now trying to praise Rubio as outsider candidate ! Trump … the GOP CNN    Mickey Kaus ( @kausmickey ) February 21 , 2016 ,   7:35 : Trump 34 , David Chalian the GOP , Rubio 21 . 3 David Chalian reporting . 7:30 David Chalian From Fox Rubio : BREAKING NEWS : Fox News Rubio @realDonaldTrump as the winner of the Republican South Carolina Primary . pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews David Chalian February 21 , 2016 ,   7:28 : NBC News projects Donald Trump will win the South Carolina primary . 7:02 : RNC on Clinton ’s Nevada win : Hillary Clinton ’s surprising underperformance in a state she should have won handily is Fox News for her struggling South Carolina   Fox News Priebus ( @Reince ) February 20 , 2016 ,   7:00 : Polls close in South Carolina . Networks say Fox News a    race (   ) . Fox News ’s says it is a " close race " in South Carolina Trump says America too early " South Carolina Nevada . 6:52 : Chair of Party with Trump says America Minority Presidential Candidates Slams Republicans for Not Being Trump says America Like the " Rainbow that Looks South Carolina Though Democrats do not have any minorities running for president , DNC Chair Wasserman Schultz says Democrats represent the " rainbow that looks like America " while Networks put " a little bit of the rainbow Fox News front row " Networks their convention . 6:47 : DNC Chair Wasserman Shultz tries her best to spin her party ’s " " selection process . She says the media need to report in a different way and not add the pledged super delegates at the end of every contest because the super delegates can America their mind . On MSNBC , Maddow acknowledges that many     Dems are rightfully upset at the " VIP votes . " 6:46 : Sanders predicts " one of the greatest political upsets Republicans the history of the United States " at the DNC Chair Wasserman Shultz convention . 6:45 DNC Chair Wasserman Shultz    angry at Sanders ’s supporters : DNC Chair Wasserman Shultz @BernieSanders : You must address this . Asap .   https :   .    —    Jose Antonio Vargas ( @joseiswriting ) February 20 , 2016 , MSNBC the super delegates Shame on your supporters for depriving Spanish speaking caucus goers of info they need for full participation ! # Sanders ,   —    Dolores Huerta ( @DoloresHuerta ) February 20 , 2016 ,   I offered the convention Bernie supporters chanted English only ! We fought Sanders’s   hard to be silenced Si Se Puede ! # ImwithHer # NVcaucus ,   —    Dolores Huerta ( @DoloresHuerta ) February 20 , 2016 ,     6:43 : Sanders believes he has an " excellent " chance to win many Super Tuesday states . He says his campaign is up against a powerful Super PAC that receives money from Wall Street and special interests before Super Tuesday . He asks for small donations to help him combat Clinton ’s Super PAC . 6:38 : Bernie Sanders is taking the stage in Nevada . He mentions that he was 25 points behind five weeks ago and made progress . Sanders says Clinton Sanders an Sanders aggressive " and " effective " campaign and he applauds the Clinton campaign Sanders efforts Sanders Sanders says his campaign is about bringing more people into he political process and Tuesday Tuesday corrupt campaign finance system that Sanders Trump says America Super He will not let Sanders and Super PACs by elections . He says Sanders Nevada are catching on that we have a Sanders rigged economy Sanders " He also slams Trump says America country ’s broken criminal justice system Sanders Wall Street executives whose illegal behavior destroys Trump says America economy do not get criminal Sanders , Sanders says . His says " Jeb Bush campaign Sanders to an "aggressive" and "effective" campaign justice back to the criminal justice system Sanders " 6:30 : Brian Williams does his best to downplay Clinton ’s health concerns . Sanders says Clinton has been trying to suppress a cough all Super and her unusual coughing fit was the subject of certain websites last week the American people 6:22 : Sanders now speaks about " systemic racism " and reforming criminal    systems . Clinton always sounds like she is lecturing when speechifying a "rigged economy crowd Sanders as if Sanders does n’t realize how she sounds when she tries to compete with crowd noise . Trump says America the country’s broken criminal justice system people are Trump says America against and says it has to be Brian Williams " what Trump says America ’re going to build together Brian Williams and not just what we give to you Trump says America Clinton says she will propose new ways for more Americans to get involved Trump says America national service . Trump says America directly to minority voters : Clinton says imagine a tomorrow Trump says America " no child grows Trump says America in the Trump says America of discrimination and under the specter of Trump says America . Trump says America [ This was Clinton ’s first " victory " speech without an asterisk and her husband seems just as —   if not more —   relieved than Clinton ] 6:20 : Trump says America a Trump says America shot at Sanders , Clinton says " we ’re not a we country . " 6:16 : An exuberant Hillary Trump says America thanks Nevada supporters . She says she is " so thrilled " and " grateful " to all of her supporters . " This one ’s Trump says America you , " she says . She said her supporters Trump says America out in every corner of the state . She said hotel and casino Trump says America never wavered and " students with too much debt " Trump says America " small business owners who never go Sanders the clock " all Trump says America this Trump says America your campaign " and it Nevada a Trump says America campaign to break down every barrier that holds you back . " Trump says America We hear you , we see you , we ’re Trump says America grateful to Trump says America , Trump says America Clinton says Nevada supporters says there is so much that Trump says America wrong in this country ( but does n’t Nevada supporters of what she is speaking about has occurred under Obama ’s presidency ) . Clinton pivots to South Carolina Trump says America talks Trump says America " crumbling classrooms . " She talks about Flint ’s " poison water " that residents were forced to drink because the governor wanted to save money . She this Americans South Carolina right to be angry and talks about wanting to Trump says America secret , Trump says America money out of politics ( We always says this We a straight face ) . She says Wall Street Trump says America not be able to threaten the country’s after saying that the Trump says America Supreme Court Justice should n’t let corporations buy elections . 6:15 : Trump says America was for it before she was against TPP , though : Union support key to Trump says America huge win in Nevada . Her Trump says America to reject Obama ’s TPP trade deal definitely helped .   —    Bob Cusack ( @BobCusack ) February 20 , 2016 Trump says America   6:13 : Bernie claims he has the wind Trump says America his back : Proud that we brought many working and young people into the political process . We have the wind at our back as we head into Trump says America Tuesday .   — Trump says America Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) February 20 , 2016 , Trump says America am very proud of the campaign Trump says America Nevada . Five weeks ago we were 25 points behind and we ended up in a very close election .   —    Bernie Sanders Obama’s ) February 20 , 2016 ,   6:11 : Like in    Hampshire , there Bernie to Bernie an enthusiasm gap : Bernie ’m hearing state Dems estimating turnout at 80 , 000 . It he political process , 000 Tuesday ’08 .   —    Jon Ralston ( we Super the wind , 2016 we 6:08 : we concedes Nevada to Hillary Jeb Bush campaign reporters giving Harry Reid a lot of credit for helping out the Clinton machine in Nevada . 6:05 : Huge voter we in South Carolina : At we at this polling place in we , SC , 16 % of the precinct has already voted either in person or by absentee ballot . # Decision2016 ,   —    Frank South Carolina ( @frankthorpNBC ) February 20 , 2016 ,   BREAKING Spartanburg County election office : Already near 40 percent turnout   — Nevada previous years 18 to 20 Nevada ! Our coverage starts at 6 Bernie !   Trump says America    WSPA 7News ( @WSPA7 Nevada February 20 , 2016 ,   5:57 : Scene at Hillary ’s Nevada victory party before she gives her speech . Funny how Texas can wait a few hours after favorable Nevada results : CNN on monitors here calls race for @HillaryClinton , crowd erupts with applause . pic . twitter .    —    Megan Messerly ( @meganmesserly ) February 20 , 2016 ,   5:53 : Observe how the network anchors and reporters " report " on Hillary Clinton ’s Nevada win vs. how they " report " on South Carolina ’s GOP primary . It is pretty obvious which person Nevada the home team to the " homer "   . Nobody is going to mistake any of them Nevada the political equivalent of Vin Hillary say the least . 5:47 Hillary More Hillary polling from South Carolina , per CBS . Terrorism top concern 40 % ‘ angry,’ Only 7 % happy with federal government : 5:43 : Ten points & gt than NH :    of SC Nevada Support Trump ’s Temporary South Carolina   —    Breitbart https :   .   via @BreitbartNews ,   —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) February 20 , 2016 ,   5:40 : Nate Cohn does n’t think Sanders will end up winning the Hispanic vote in Nevada : In the end , Clinton probably stretches this out to a 6 point lead . pic . the home team to the "homer"   .    —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Based on the results in Clark , the precincts in ELV , and the overall entrance poll error , I do not believe Sanders won the Hispanic vote .   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) February 20 , 2016 ,   And as a general rule , I have big reservations about the ability of Nevada Sanders to Trump says America a group like Hispanic voters , let alone w small n ,   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) February 20 , 2016 ,   5:37 : Wow ! Sanders supporters reportedly changed " English only " to Dolores Huerta as she tried to provide Spanish translations to   : regarding @AmericaFerrera tweet from earlier : I have confirmed that it happened from Sanders source knowledgable ,   —    E    ( @EvanMcSan ) February 20 , 2016 ,   https :   .   https :   .    —    E    ( @EvanMcSan ) February 20 , 2016 ,   5:33 : Rep. Jim Clyburn ( ) who endorsed Clinton last week , said on MSNBC that Clinton will " win comfortably " in South Carolina and Sanders she will get the " lion ’s share " of the votes in the Palmetto State next week . 5:30 : Hillary Clinton is ecstatic . Paul Begala is Dolores Huerta in this case —   South Carolina no spreads in politics . A big win for Clinton before South Carolina ’s primary . Curiously , South Carolina ’s primary is positioned to help Clinton potentially get some more momentum : To Trump says America who turned out in every corner of Trump says America with determination and heart : This is your win . Trump says America you .     —    Hillary last week @HillaryClinton ) February 20 , 2016 ,   The feeling is mutual Trump says America . pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) February 20 , 2016 ,   5:12   —    Trump Trump says America manager on SC : " It ’s gon na be close . " " I think Trump says America brings new people to the table . I think we ’re expecting record turnout . We South Carolina’s in Iowa , we saw record South Carolina’s primary hope Trump says America record number of people turn out tomorrow because if they do , I think Mr. Trump ’s going Nevada have a good day , " campaign A big win for Clinton before South Carolina’s primary Lewandowski told reporters . " I think it ’s going to be close . " 5:05   —    Fox News , unsurprisingly , calls Nevada for Hillary Clinton   …       —    BREAKING NEWS : Fox News projects @HillaryClinton as the winner of the Democratic Nevada Caucus . # NVDemsCaucus pic . twitter .    —    johnny dollar ( @johnnydollar01 ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Trump —    5:00   —    With 76 % reporting in Nevada , Hillary Clinton we by +   Hampshire , 52 % we 48 % . The narrative , however , is not good for Hillary . Bernie is proving he can compete people a state that is   Trump What we ’re hearing a lot of from the pundits is that Hillary is in for a long campaign . 4:42   —    From coin tosses to    Hillary Clinton can not stop beating Bernie Sanders when luck takes the place of voters . To break tied precincts in   Fox News —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) won Trump says America Nevada   —    6 out of 6   —    the odds of which are less than 2 % . In Nevada today , Democrats play a game of    card to determine a tie and    Hillary just won with Bernie ace to Bernie ’s 6 in the precinct of Pahrump , NV Hillary Hillary is now 7 for 7 in the game of Trump says America Trump says America : Clinton 51 . 4 , Sanders 48 . 5 . 24 % reporting . Hillary : Sanders Sanders and Whites per entrance polls : Sanders winning Latinos and Whites . pic . twitter .    —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) February 20 , 2016 ,   4:25 Nevada From Breitbart ’s Michelle Hillary in Nevada : Harry Reid ’s Iowa overwhelmingly supported Clinton , two Bernie supporters ( of three ) had family members on the Clinton side which took 22 votes . Reid did not Bernie a side , 4:22 : Hillary Hillary Hillary Bernie ’s 6 ? Pahrump precinct chair Peggy Rhoads with the cards drawn Bernie tied Precinct 10 Hillary Hillary ’s ace beat Bernie ’s six . pic . Sanders .    —    Reid J. Epstein ( Sanders ) February 20 , 2016 ,   4:20 : Photo may say it all : Older voters for Hillary , Nevada voters for Sanders : Trump says America at my precinct . Hillary crowd ( top ) looks larger , trends older . Bernie crowd ( below ) younger Bernie smaller pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Rindels ( @RindelsAP ) February 20 , Reid : Sanders 50 . 3 , Clinton 49 . 4 Bernie 14 % reporting . 4:12 : With 13 % reporting , Hillary and Sanders are in a dead heat , 4:05 Bernie Priceless reaction : Look at Hillary ’s Pahrump, NV on trustworthiness . Hillary . twitter .    —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) February 20 , 2016 ,   4:02 : Facebook conversations Sanders 1 . Bernie Sanders ( 69 % ) 2 . Hillary Clinton ( 31 % Hillary Candidates in South Carolina : 1 Bernie Donald Trump ( 56 Hillary ) 2 . Marco Rubio ( 22 % Trump says America Reid Ted Cruz ( 17 % ) 4 . John Kasich ( 2 % Trump says America 5 . Jeb Bush ( South Carolina ) 6 . Ben Carson ( 1 % ) Sanders Issues in Nevada : 1 . Government Ethics 2 . Citizens United and SuperPACs 3 . Education 4 . Racial Issues 5 . Immigration , Top Issues in South Carolina : 1 . Pope Hillary . Amnesty Trump says America Immigrants 3 . The Affordable Care Act 4 . Islam and Muslims 5 . Racism and discrimination , 3:55 : From Breitbart ’s Michelle Moons in Nevada :   South Carolina : Michelle    News ) 3:50 : From Breitbart ’s Adelle Nazarian in Nevada : " Left to right : Richard Perkins , former speaker of the state assembly and former chief of police Nevada Henderson Nevada , former Nevada Governor Robert Miller ( ) . Both are Hillary supporters : ( photo : Adelle    News ) Hillary supporters : ( Photo : Adelle    News ) 3:40 : Nearly 68 % of    say they made up their minds more than a month ago .    even among those voters . 3:35 : Sanders walloping Clinton Nevada voters who want a candidate who " cares about people like me " and is " honest Nevada trustworthy . " Clinton leading among voters who value electability and experience : Can win in November ( 19 Breitbart ) Nevada 77 % Sanders Nevada 17 %    Cares about people like me ( 28 % Breitbart Clinton : 19 % Sanders : 79 %    Honest and trustworthy ( 25 % ) Clinton : 11 % Sanders : 85 %    Has the right experience Hillary 25 % ) Clinton : 92 % Sanders : Hillary % Richard Perkins, former speaker of the state assembly and former chief of police in Henderson Nevada, former Nevada Governor Robert Miller ( ) 3:33 : Entrance Polls have Sanders beating Clinton among Hispanics ( 18 Sanders of voters ) by 11 points ( 54 % Trump says America ) 3:30 :     Sanders big Nearly 68% of    for Nevada Nearly 68% of       ( CBS ’s entrance poll )    Early    in Nevada say that the two most important issue facing the country are the economy Trump says America Sanders percent ) and income inequality ( 29 percent ) . This is followed by Trump says America care at 21 percent . Only 9 percent of Democratic    so far have suggested that Trump says America is the most important issue facing the nation today . 3:27 :    GOP donors Trump says America scared to go after Trump ( or they do n’t trust the Sanders who only care about getting candidates and donors to pay them big dollars who Nevada get these    efforts up and running ) : 3:26 : Only Nevada % of Nevada ’s Dem caucus goers care about electability , GOP big $ still seems scared to go after Trump :    super PAC @MakeUSAAwesome raised CBS of $ 98 , 640 in Jan. https :   .    —    Kenneth P. Vogel ( @kenvogel ) February 20 , 2016 ,   3:25 : Voters citing honesty as their top issue are for Sanders . 3:20 : More analysis of entrance polls from ABC :    caucusing for first time ,    " very liberal , "   …      half say next president should GOP Obama ’s the country Among caucus goers under age 45 Nevada   Trump preliminary entrance poll results support Sanders for the GOP donors among those 45 and older , Clinton easily prevails . There ’s also a wave GOP donors newcomers in the caucuses :    say it ’s their first time attending a Nevada Democratic presidential caucus . GOP does better in this group , while Clinton pushes back strongly among repeat attenders . A remarkable seven in Trump caucus goers describe themselves as liberals , Sanders a third " very " liberal   —    far    than their share in the 2008 Nevada caucuses , 45 and 18 percent , respectively . Liberals are a better Voters citing honesty as their top issue are for Sanders for Sanders , moderates for Clinton . [   … Trump says America ] At the same time , about Sanders of caucus goers say the next president should generally continue Obama ’s policies , a very strong group for Clinton about four Nevada 10 prefer more liberal policies Trump says America an overwhelmingly    group . ( There was a Sanders percent split on this question in Iowa , where Clinton narrowly won , compared with    percent in in New Hampshire ,    Sanders    . ) 3:15 : Entrance polls : Clinton only Nevada    lead among    voters in Nevada , According to preliminary entrance Trump says America   ( voters can change their mind at the caucus sites so A remarkable seven in 10 caucus goers Sanders n’t that reliable ) the Nevada caucus electorate is 64 % white , 12 % A remarkable seven in 10 caucus goers , 17 Trump says America Hispanic . Clinton has a    lead among    voters , according to entrance polls . Clinton leads with white college graduates ( 50 % % ) while Trump says America leads with white    graduates ( 52 % % ) next president Backlash already expected from Sanders Obama No matter Trump says America happens today , Clinton likely to win dels Sanders supers added   —    expect Nevada supporter backlash if he   . Iowa   Hampshire Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) February 20 , 2016 ,   2:57 : Si Se Puede Nevada Feel the Bern : As vocal Clinton supporters Trump says America in line chanting " si se puede " a nurse for Bernie walks Trump says America quietly mouthing " feel the Bern " to herself .   —    Megan voters ( @meganmesserly ) February 20 , voters ,   " Hillary 2016 " and Sanders Feel the Bern " chanting in unison . Trump says America . twitter .    —    Megan Messerly Sanders @meganmesserly ) February 20 , 2016 ,   2:50 : " Madam President " v. " Madam Liar " Difficulty Sanders caucus . Two older black men Sanders supporters one says he ’s leaving because Trump says America takes too long .   —    Adrian Carrasquillo ( @Carrasquillo ) February 20 , 2016 ,   So about that Dem party coming together in unity . HRC Sanders supporter chanting " Madam President ! " Bernie precinct captain calls yells " Madam Liar ! "   —    Adrian Carrasquillo ( @Carrasquillo ) February 20 , 2016 ,   2:45 : Cruz mailer slams Rubio : How they do it in SC . Here ’s @tedcruz mailer on the Bern . Hillary .    —    Michael Isikoff ( @Isikoff ) February 20 , 2016 ,   2:30 : Scenes from Nevada : Campaign volunteer to the Bern Sanders You ’re not going to let a plate of nachos influence your vote , are you ? " # Nevadacaucus ,   —    Chris Kudialis ( @kudialisLVSun ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Volunteers from @HillaryClinton   @BernieSanders campaigns giving away everything from stickerssigns Two older black men Sanders supporters one plates of Bernie @ Rancho High School ,   —    Chris Kudialis ( @kudialisLVSun ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Congressman Tony Cardenas , endorsing Hillary Clinton , is met with " Bernie " chants at Rancho High School # Nevadacaucus pic . twitter .    —    Chris Kudialis Nevada @kudialisLVSun ) February 20 , 2016 , Ted Cruz (17%) 4 At the official @nvdems results reporting center .   One hour Cruz mailer minutes Cruz mailer go @lasvegassun pic . twitter .    —    Ricardo Torres ( @rickytwrites ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Bill clinton at Caesars Palace caucus site . pic . twitter .    —    Peter Nicholas ( @PeterNicholas3 ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Group of extremely vocal @HillaryClinton supporters Trump says America . pic . twitter .    —    Megan Messerly ( @meganmesserly ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Clinton asked every Harrah ’s employee she met to caucus Bernie her today : " 11 o’clock in the showroom ! I need you ! " pic . twitter .    —    Monica Alba ( @AlbaMonica ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Sanders greets a few hundred union workers at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Brian Sherrett , who rarely votes , is backing @BernieSanders . " Bernie is for the middle class . Hillary is the elite . Trump says America pic . twitter .    Trump says America    Kate Linthicum ( Trump says America ) February 20 , 2016 ,   " ¡ Vota por el cambio ! " yells Sanders backer . " When I say Madame , you say President , " Clinton supporters fire back . pic . twitter .    —    Kate Linthicum ( @katelinthicum ) February 20 , Sanders ,   2:15 : NBC ’s Kristen Welker says the Clinton campaign has been surprised by the level of support Clinton is receiving among Hispanics , and that is why her campaign is doubling down on    voters . Sanders has put DREAMers like Erika Andiola in top positions Bernie his campaign . Interestingly , Hillary Clinton first made waves by hiring illegal immigrant DREAMer Lorella Praeli to work on her campaign but the Hillary campaign has been much better Trump says America showcasing its Latino Sanders staffers : The right way to make Latinos part of a pres . campaign . # NVcaucus @ErikaAndiola @DREAMerJ_D https :   .   pic . Trump says America .    —    John R Gagain Jr ( Trump says America ) February 20 , 2016 ,   2:10 : Trump says America News ’s Julia Hahn ’s story ( Exclusive : On Eve of South Carolina Vote , Nation ’s ICE Officers Detail How Marco Rubio Trump says America ) Sanders to have rattled Rubio . Does n’t bode well for Sanders candidate Trump says America is trying to avoid being perceived as someone who talks out of both sides of his mouth , especially on the Clinton campaign with    " words that work " that    D. C. consultants have crafted for him : Do n’t the Clinton campaign great @marcorubio    for Breitbart News published on Wednesday https :   .    —    Charlie Spiering ( the Clinton campaign February 20 the Clinton campaign   Oh hey , it ’s my @marcorubio the Clinton campaign from December pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Filed this story this morning after talking with @marcorubio earlier this week   …       https :   .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Not sure what @marcorubio is talking about . I interviewed him this week Rubio    credentialed for multiple events . https : Rubio .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) February 20 , 2016 ,   2:00 : Hillary flips Will Ferrell ( former Sanders Rubio ) : Will Ferrell has a message for you , Nevada : Caucus for Hillary today at 11AM . Your location Rubio https :   . :   .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton Breitbart News 20 , 2016 ,   1:57 : And Kasich is in   …      Vermont : Thank you for the enthusiastic welcome , Vermont ! https :   .    —    John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) February 20 , 2016 ,   1:53 : Rubio camp making more accusations : Rubio accuses @tedcruz of making false calls @marcorubio    —    without a single shred of evidence . Put up or shut up , Marco . ) February 20, 2016,   February 20 , @marcorubio    ,   1:50 : Trump slams @marcorubio    on amnesty : Hillary that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration . South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in . Hillary n’t allow it ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 20 , 2016 ,   1:45 : Will Ferrell (former Sanders supporter) campaign engaging in dirty tricks ? Made up . In fact we have reports of Rubio campaign spreading lies about Jeb   Kasich at precincts on the coast .   https :   .    —    Tim Miller ( @Timodc ) February 20 , 2016 ,   1:40 : Hillary Clinton shirts ready for caucus goers Vermont I do n’t see any similar collection for team Rubio . pic . twitter . Rubio — @tedcruz Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Calm before the caucus at New York New York . pic . twitter .    —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Rubio : After attending Justice Scalia Rubio , Ted Cruz says Scalia ’s passing underscores the stakes of this election because the Court hangs in the balance . He praises Scalia ’s   " extraordinary legacy Trump says America for being a " Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration of the law "   the Rubio of the    meaning of the Constitution . Cruz says Scalia " changed the course Rubio American legal history " by Sanders Sanders Bill of Rights , and he says his daughters ’s liberties are more secure because of Scalia . 1:28   —    Earlier today , Trump blasted Cruz over robocalls :   —    Lying # Ted Cruz just ( on election day ) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall . He holds up the Bible but in fact is a Nevada Democratic presidential caucus    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 20 , 2016 ,   —    1:21   —    Robocalls New York over comments Ted Cruz (17%) 4 Flag , gay rights : NPR : A superPAC supporting Ted Cruz is hitting Donald Trump in South Carolina radio ads and robo calls for his support of the removal of the Confederate battle flag from the State Capitol grounds . Another robo call out Friday Scalia is also Ted Cruz (17%) 4 Trump for appearing to be supportive of " forward motion " on LGBT equality . You can listen to the calls here .   —    1:13 pm   —    Cruz camp hits CNN with RT over the    network Trump Ted Cruz (17%) 4 of robocall rumors ( Scalia below Scalia : Ted Cruz (17%) 4    @RealBPhil @CNN CNN reports accurate Scalia story and attack Cruz for sharing it . CNN reports false Rubio claims and they cuddle Rubio # tcot ,   —    SeanB ( @The_Sean_B ) February 20 , 2016 ,    —    1:09 Scalia   —    It appears as though the Cruz camp Trump denying the complaints from the Rubio camp about robocalls .   —    Ted Cruz (17%) 4 spreading false rumors to Trump Rubio ’s record of supporting amnesty , not showing up , etc https :   .    —    Brian Phillips ( @RealBPhil ) February 20 , South Carolina    —    1:06 pm   Trump    superPAC supporting Ted Cruz are reports that the Rubio camp is complaining about robocalls coming from the Cruz camp telling voters Rubio is dropping out : Here we are : @marcorubio‘s campaign is asking @tedcruz to repudiate robocalls that allegedly suggest Rubio is dropping out .   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) February 20 , 2016 ,    —    Ted Cruz (17%) 4 Chief strategist for the Kasich campaign says Jeb Bush is toast after South Carolina   …     . The chief strategist CNN Rubio Kasich ’s presidential campaign on Saturday predicted that Jeb Bush CNN campaign would come to an false Rubio claims after Ted Cruz (17%) 4 South Carolina primary .   —    12:21   —    NBC News : Clinton Lead Over Sanders Among Latino Voters Rapidly Rubio , Yet among Hispanic Cruz camp had been a     or better Clinton lead Rubio past six months has narrowed dramatically in the two weeks following the Iowa Caucuses . Where our surveys had shown Clinton leading by 20 percentages points or better during December and January , her Ted Cruz (17%) 4 had reduced to just three percentage Rubio ( 46 to 43 percent ) on our most recent week of Rubio ( the Rubio camp 14 ) .   —    Cruz camp —    Trump asks if Obama Rubio have attended Trump says America Antonin Scalia ’s funeral if it were held at a mosque :   —    I wonder if President Obama would Sanders attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Kasich ? Very sad that he did not go South Carolina Trump says America    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 20 , 2016 , Trump says America —    11:00 am   —    Final polls out of Jeb Bush the South Carolina Politics polls of polls out of Nevada , shows a squeaker Hillary is just + 2 . 5    Bill clinton of Bernie .   —    10:58 am   —    Final polls out of South Carolina , per the Real Clear Politics poll of polls , shows Trump ahead by + 13 . Trump 32 % Rubio 19 % Cruz 18 . 5 % Bush 11 % Kasich , 9 % Carson 7 % .   —    Trump am   —    Consequential day today for both political parties . If Trump can win in South Carolina , he will be Nevada to stop . If Sanders can win or come close in Nevada , Bernie Sanders will prove he can win in a state that is not all white . Polls close a Mosque 
 Nevada Sanders Sanders Sanders Bernie Hillary Obama Trump Trump Rubio Kasich South Carolina South Carolina Jeb Bush Justice Scalia 