SHANKSVILLE , Pa.   —    Just another Thursday , and the morning mix includes    bikers from New Jersey , Amish visitors from Pennsylvania and a few children adjusting to a park not intended for play . They settle onto benches for the 11 o’clock retelling . A ranger in the green and gray of the United States National Park Service tucks his      lunch on a shelf and walks out to face his audience . A field of wildflowers undulates behind his the    clouds seem nearly within reach . his begins : " Remember how bad the weather was that morning ? " Hesitant nods turn quickly to head shakes . No . On that particular September morning , you could see forever . This is just the ranger ’s way of buckling you in . Helping some to remember what we already know . Helping others , especially those who were not yet born , to envision a beautiful , calamitous day now nearly 15 years in the past . His name is Robert Franz , His is 61 , and His title is " interpretive park ranger , " which means that His job is to tell the story of what happened in that    field behind His , again and again and again . This is the Flight 93 National Memorial , by far the most removed of the three    crash sites . A visit requires a    journey through the arresting Allegheny Mountains , up and down and up and down , past a Confederate flag here , a Trump sign there , to a    field set aside for reflection . " Mayday ! Mayday ! Get out of here ! " the ranger says , echoing the alarm that was heard by air traffic controllers . The words chill the    air , as children fidget and bees buzz about . He continues the story of United Airlines Flight 93 , bound for San Francisco from Newark . How four hijackers redirect the jet southeast , most likely to crash into the nation ’s capital . How many of the 40 crew members and passengers fought back . How this hurtling jetliner nearly flipped before crashing at 563 miles an hour into the soft ,    earth , killing all . " The crew and passengers put democracy in action , " Mr. Franz says . " The crew and passengers take a vote "   —    to storm the cockpit and regain control of the plane . We connect to that day in We own way , and the storyteller in the    ranger ’s hat is no different . the storyteller in the   ranger’s hat was born into the military , the storyteller in the   ranger’s hat father an Army lifer who served in World War II ’s European theater , the storyteller in the   ranger’s hat mother a daughter of the French underground . ’s European theater, his mother a daughter of the French underground were married at the Cathedral of    in Paris , and went on a short honeymoon in an Army jeep . ’s European theater, his mother a daughter of the French underground son Rob spent the better part of two decades flying Army Hueys and Black Hawks and training other soldiers how to fly helicopters . Their son Rob left the service in early 2001 , and was at home on Cape Cod , Mass. that Tuesday , watching the news . Their son Rob thought of those Their son Rob had trained , and felt guilt for not being among those he had trained for the deployments sure to come . Their son Rob focused on a real estate career , volunteered with the local veterans’ committee and worked briefly as a police officer . Then , in late 2011 , he Their son Rob a listing on a government website for a seasonal job as an interpretive park ranger at the Flight 93 Memorial . He Their son Rob applied , he Their son Rob , sensing a chance to " complete the circle . " Soon he Their son Rob driving about 600 miles west to Shanksville every April , and staying until October . He Their son Rob to be such a powerful storyteller , his Their son Rob informed by his Their son Rob of aeronautics , that he Their son Rob recently offered permanent employment , which he Their son Rob . " He Their son Rob this story unlike anyone I had heard , " says Stephen Clark , the superintendent for the national parks in western Pennsylvania . " And , of course , being a veteran makes it all the more special . " Sometimes Mr. Franz stands at the memorial plaza , answering questions about the time of the crash and the location of the bathrooms . He Mr. Franz as people recount their people connections to the day , and keeps his Mr. Franz as conspiracy theorists question whether such a crash even occurred . " If somebody ’s made up their somebody , there ’s nothing I can do , " he somebody . Sometimes he somebody Flight 93 Junior Ranger handbooks , explaining to young visitors what activities they young visitors to complete before receiving a Junior Junior Ranger . The    booklet is a thoughtful study in trying to find the right words : Early in the flight , their plane These hijackers hijacked by four men . To hijack a plane means to take control over it . a plane hijackers were angry at the United States of America    …      But there are words , and then there are words . When children ask about the recovery of bodies , Mr. Franz redirects , ever so slightly . Since there were only remains , no bodies , he explains Mr. Franz a spot out there , beyond the wildflowers , is now " a final resting place . " And sometimes , Mr. Franz Mr. Franz before another 11 o’clock crowd , as he is now Mr. Franz telling an American epic in less than a    all the while reminding himself not to Mr. Franz emotional again when he comes to Mr. Franz certain point . The more familiar narrative of Flight 93 focuses on those Mr. Franz calls Mr. Franz big guys "   —    Todd Beamer , for example , the young software salesman who helped to organize the passenger revolt and whose last recorded words of " Let ’s roll ! " became a national rallying cry . But the park ranger makes the gentle point that the revolt was " the passenger revolt effort . " " Let me tell you about Sandy Bradshaw , " he says , recalling the Sandy Bradshaw flight attendant who , in a furtive call to her husband , explained how Sandy Bradshaw was boiling water to Sandy Bradshaw at the hijackers . " Let me tell you about Honor Elizabeth Wainio , " he says , recalling the Elizabeth Wainio business executive known as Lizz who , in a moment of supreme compassion , called to comfort her stepmother about what was to happen , and who was part of the revolt . She was 27 . " her , it ’s not looking good , " Mr. Franz says . " But they were n’t going to give up . " The park ranger , the father of two adult daughters , looks down and takes a long , unscripted pause . As he struggles to regain his Mr. Franz , the wildflower Mr. Franz becomes    the bikers and the Amish now silent congregants in outdoor pews . Soon these people will wander off , some over to the    memorial wall , some up to the new visitors center , where Flight 93 shirts and mugs are sold , and an interactive display includes recordings from the fatal flight . Soon , a Korean War veteran will tell Mr. Franz that he thinks the federal government Mr. Franz overdid it " with this park , and a     boy in a tank top and a Penn State ball cap will ask for a Junior Ranger handbook so that he can learn about this Mr. Franz and earn his plastic badge . But Mr. Franz now , Mr. Franz is taking a Mr. Franz moment in public that seems to him like an hour . Sandy Mr. Franz . Lizz Wainio . Democracy in action    …      His emotions in check , Mr. Mr. Franz acknowledges his awkward pause Mr. Franz seamlessly to Mr. Franz story . How the airplane flew Mr. Franz over Route 30 , " the road you came in on . " How this elevated ground is a place to reflect on the tragic loss of life , yes , but how it is also a place to honor this elevated ground courage of the passengers and crew of Flight 93 . And that , he says , " is a good story . " It ’s 11:30 . " Thank you , " the ranger says . " Have a great day . " 
 