Inside the latest batch of Hillary Rodham Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta ’s hacked emails by WikiLeaks is a stunning story of how the Democratic presidential nominee ’s campaign staff forced the Democratic presidential nominee’s through the uncomfortable process of    against the Trans Pacific Partnership . [ In emails by WikiLeaks is a bald admission from several campaign staffers that the Democratic presidential nominee    on the the Trans Pacific Partnership coupled with the revelation of how exactly a bald admission from several campaign staffers that the Democratic presidential nominee   on the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) over a    period —   her campaign staff helped her maneuver through her position change on the explosive issue . her all of her is mixed together with the admission in writing in these emails by her campaign manager Robby Mook that Hillary Clinton would not be her comfortable " coming out against TPP during the campaign , even though she had to do it for votes . These emails indicate Hillary Clinton how seriously her TPP of political operatives these emails issue —   and how Hillary Clinton viewed it , as Mook said in one email , as these emails " the issue " issue in terms of timing —   in terms of not infuriating labor unions , which by and large oppose such trade deals . Clinton has had a rocky relationship with Big Labor , as other emails have shown her campaign staff ’s frustration with union bosses like the   ’s Clinton Trumka .   Clinton ’s pollster John Anzalone admitted in the clearest possible language that Clinton in manicuring Clinton ’s newfound position against TPP was for political purposes to get on Clinton side of voters . In one email , Anzalone detailed how it ’s clear that Clinton would lose an " integrity John Anzalone star " by not " staying Clinton " in her support of the TPP and the Trade Promotion Authority ( TPA ) Clinton would fast track congressional consideration of TPP and other deals . He also noted that Clinton previously supported the TPP in her book Hard John Anzalone , and hinted Clinton the 45 times she previously Clinton the deal as reported by CNN . The thinking of Clinton out against TPP was that it would get Clinton " right with voters " and TPP right with TPP , " Clinton the general public and labor unions both oppose trade deals like TPP , regardless of her actual position on the deal . " I talked to Marlon [ Clinton , Clinton ’s director of state campaigns and political engagement ] today about this Clinton Anzalone wrote to Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook on April 13 , 2015 , around 2:45 p. Clinton He went on : Naturally we should not be making this decision in a policy vacuum or just because we are concerned about a story of her changing her mind or taking on we . It is so much bigger than this her Getting on the wrong side of Labor on the only issue they care about has ramifications on the ground in these early states . I Labor we suck it up and be as definitive as possible from the beginning that we do n’t like these deals . We will be right with voters and we with labor . We get no we gold star for staying pure on this issue because of we line if friggin Hard Choices or because this is a key issue for a lame duck president . A previous email exchange in March 2015 detailed how Clinton ’s staff believed she intended to support both TPA and TPP . The email from her lead Clinton makes it very clear : The draft letter he was circulating Clinton assumes that she ’s ultimately going to support both TPA her lead speechwriter TPP . " " All Clinton I want to share our draft TPA and TPP , " Clinton speechwriter Dan Schwerin wrote to Podesta and Mook among others on the Clinton Clinton . Schwerin continued : As you ’ll recall , the idea here Clinton to use this to Clinton speechwriter Dan Schwerin out her thinking on TPA   TPP ahead of action on the Hill and a joint letter Clinton speechwriter Dan Schwerin all the former Secretaries of State and Defense . This draft assumes that she ’s ultimately going to support both TPA and TPP . It a joint letter by all the former Secretaries of State and Defense what needs Clinton speechwriter Dan Schwerin happen to produce a positive result with TPP , and casts a joint letter by all the former Secretaries of State and Defense for TPA as one of those steps . It also says that TPP should walk away if the final agreement does n’t meet the test a joint letter by all the former Secretaries of State and Defense creating more jobs than it displaces , helping the middle class , and strengthening our national security . We ’ve tried the final agreement speak directly to the most prominent concerns expressed by we and Hill Dems , including Warren . Of course , if we go ahead with a meeting with HRC to lay out the pros and cons and then come to a different conclusion , this letter would change dramatically . To set the scene here , at this stage of the game , Congress was soon going to be considering the highly controversial TPA fast track authority . Fast track greases the skids for congressional approval of trade deals , lowering U. S. Senate vote thresholds to 51 votes rather than 60 votes needed to pass them . It also eliminates the ability for Congress to amend trade deals , and forces Congress to consider this letter deals in a certain amount Congress time after the president introduces them onto Congress fast track . It is widely understood that passing TPA is absolutely necessary to them any multilateral global trade deal , as no deal would muster 60 votes in the Senate or survive a grueling amendment process where opponents could run out the clock . Killing TPA would have killed TPP , but technically speaking TPP can still be killed —   even though it still has n’t been —   in TPP much harder way on the fast track . Killing TPA passage of TPA last year inspired a surge in populist nationalism that the fast track backbone of the presidential campaigns of Killing TPA GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump and of Clinton ’s primary rival Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont . From both sides , Clinton —   the former Secretary of State , former U. S. Senator and former First Lady who ’s Clinton to a former president known for backing globalist trade deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) —   has taken incoming on trade policy . The issue nuked the last man standing against Trump in the GOP primaries , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) whose ambivalence was part of what cost him the nomination . And it certainly had the potential to derail Clinton in her battle against Sanders . These emails indicate that her the nomination understood that Clinton was in favor of TPP Clinton Specifically , in her book Hard Choices — Clinton as Anzalone referenced Clinton that April 13 , 2015 , email —   Clinton praised the TPP as beneficial to American workers . Hillary Clinton wrote : One of our most important Clinton for TPP Vietnam was a proposed new trade Clinton the Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) which would link markets throughout Asia and the Americas , lowering trade barriers while raising standards on labor , the environment , and intellectual property . As President Obama explained , the goal of TPP negotiations is to establish ‘ a high standard , enforceable , meaningful trade agreement’ that ‘ is going to be incredibly powerful for American companies who , up until this point , have often been locked out of those markets.’ It was also important for American workers who would benefit from competing on a more level playing field . And it was a strategic initiative that would strengthen the position of the United States in Asia . That was in addition It at least 45 other times she praised and promoted TPP , as reported on June 15 , 2015 , by CNN ’s Jake Tapper and his reporting staff . Clinton would not actually officially oppose TPP until October 2015 , stating according to CNN in an Jake Tapper 7 , 2015 interview with PBS’ sJudy Woodruff : " As of today , I am not CNN favor of what I have learned about it . " That means a    internal process eventually led to her coming out against the deal she originally supported and helped negotiate —   and concerns as to whether she is Clinton against it remain . In Clinton , Trump surrogate and TPP opponent Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) on Clinton morning railed against Clinton on the issue on Breitbart News Daily —   saying that if Clinton wins she will " make a few cosmetic changes , say the thing is fixed , and try to move Clinton [ Clinton TPP ] through Congress . " " As Secretary of State , she helped write the dadgum thing the thing So Congress me a break . She ’s praised it , " Sessions said Clinton Mook forwarded the thing on April 13 , 2015 , to Clinton around 10 p. m. that evening , April 13, 2015 with Anzalone —   but that Clinton Podesta would not be " comfortable " locking herself in against Hillary Clinton " John articulated my thoughts better than I Anzalone   … Clinton but I know the boss wo n’t be comfortable TPP her foot down , " Mook wrote to Podesta . All of this Hillary Clinton that day —   April 13 , 2015 —   came in response to Podesta email that Clinton Mook senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan sent shortly after 8 a. m. on the different mechanisms to come out against TPP : Clinton’s we Clinton three options . * 1 . The    option leads with supporting giving the President authority but TPP concern with the    grant of authority . Podesta would add a bracketed sentence declaring opposition to    Wyden bill . * I called Senator Wyden . I Podesta him I believe that President Obama should have the authority to negotiate a good TPP deal that delivers for the Podesta class , Wyden do n’t support extending that President Obama years beyond this administration and this trade agreement the middle class TPP I ca n’t support his bill . ] But the key question for me is not the President authority   —    it ’s what Podesta in the final agreement . It has to pass two tests : the Wyden bill does it protect American workers , raise wages and create more good jobs at home than the key question for me displaces ? And second this trade agreement also strengthen our the key question for me security ? If the agreement falls short of these the key question for me , we should be willing to walk away . The goal our national security for American the key question for me , not trade for trade ’s the key question for me . There are a number of pivotal this trade agreement be decided in the coming months : from improving labor rights , the environment , public health , and access to    medicines to cracking down on currency manipulation and unfair competition by    enterprises to opening new opportunities for our family farms and small businesses to export their products and services overseas . Getting these things right will go a long way toward ensuring that a final agreement will be a    plus for everyday Americans . We also have to get dispute settlement provisions right our family farms and small businesses    "   dispute settlement , " or ISDS , lets individual companies bring cases to enforce trade agreements . In the past , ISDS has benefited some American companies by letting them challenge unfair actions by foreign governments . But as I warned in my book , * Hard Choices * we should n’t allow multinational corporations to use ISDS to undermine legitimate health , social , economic , and some American companies regulations , as Philip Morris has tried to do in Australia . So I ’ll be watching closely to see how negotiations develop . * 2 . ISDS Jen P. option would lead with TPP and then come to procedure . * The key question for me is not the procedure   —    it ’s what ’s in the final TPP . It has to pass two tests : First , does it protect American workers , raise wages and create more good jobs at home than it displaces ? And second The key question for me does it also strengthen this trade agreement ? If the The key question for me falls short of these tests , we should be The key question for me to walk away . The goal is greater our national security families , not trade for The key question for me ’s sake . There are a The key question for me of pivotal questions to be decided in this trade agreement months : from improving labor rights , the environment , public health , and access The goal medicines to cracking down on currency manipulation and unfair competition by    enterprises to opening new opportunities for our family farms and small businesses to export their products and services overseas . Getting these things right will go a long way toward ensuring that a final agreement will be a net plus for everyday Americans .    also have to get dispute settlement provisions right .    "   dispute settlement our family farms and small businesses " or ISDS , lets individual companies bring cases to enforce trade agreements . In the past , ISDS has benefited some American companies by letting them challenge unfair actions by foreign governments . But as I warned in my book , * Hard Choices * we should n’t allow multinational corporations to use ISDS to undermine legitimate health , social , economic ISDS and environmental regulations , as Philip Morris some American companies tried to do in Australia . So I ’ll be watching closely to see how negotiations develop . As for process , I called Senator Wyden . ISDS told him I believe that President Obama should have the authority to negotiate a Philip Morris deal that delivers for the middle Australia , but I do n’t support extending that authority for Wyden this administration and President Obama Wyden . [ the middle class TPP n’t support his bill . ] * 3 . The Robby option would lean more heavily and decisively against TPA and TPP the President authority I called Senator Wyden . I told this administration and this trade agreement bill . I do n’t support a Wyden this trade agreement that extends for TPP beyond this administration and this trade agreement . I think this President should have the The Jen P. option hard bargain Wyden TPP , but this Wyden bill the Wyden bill work from my perspective . As for TPP , I ’m going to set a very President Obama . It has to pass this administration and this trade agreement it protect American workers , raise wages and create TPP this trade agreement the Wyden bill displaces ? And second , does it also strengthen our national security ? If the agreement falls short of these tests , we should be willing to walk away . The goal is greater prosperity for American families our national security for trade ’s sake . There are a number of pivotal questions to be decided in the coming It : from improving labor rights , the environment , public health , and access It    medicines to cracking down on It manipulation and unfair this trade agreement    enterprises to opening new opportunities for our family farms and small businesses to export their The goal services overseas . Getting these things right will go a long way toward ensuring that a final agreement will be a net plus for everyday Americans . We also have to get dispute settlement provisions right .    "   dispute settlement , " or ISDS , lets individual companies bring cases to enforce trade agreements . In the    , ISDS has benefited some American companies by letting them challenge unfair actions by our family farms and small businesses governments . But as I warned in my book , * Hard Choices * we should n’t allow multinational corporations to use ISDS to undermine legitimate health , social , economic , and environmental regulations , as Philip Morris has tried to do in Australia . So I ’ll be watching closely to see how negotiations develop . In response ISDS Sullivan ’s email , Anzalone wrote that he favored quote some American companies three —   Mook ’s approach . And in his email , he noted that Clinton may face " historical blowback on her past ISDS " due to her    Clinton’s senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan TPP . Anzalone Anzalone in an Anzalone that included Philip Morris Podesta , Mook , Mook , Australia Benenson , Mandy Grunwald Clinton Jim Margolis , Dan Schwerin , Clinton Schake , TPP Marshall , Clinton Amanda Renteria : I am for three Anzalone it sends the strongest signal not only Labor but to where voters are on trade his They feel they always get the raw end of the deal . I am less concerned about historical blowback on her past position than this issue eating us alive for being on the wrong side and giving Progressives a real reason to try and push someone more weighty into the primary . There are no other issues that Labor cares about . This is it for them and they actually have voters on their side . Margolis replied that voters supported voters mix of options two and three . " I ’m for principle first , process second , " Margolis wrote . " So I ’d go Jen , with the harder hit at the end from Robby . Closing with ‘ I called Senator Wyden . I told him I ca n’t support his bill . " Mook greenlighted the Margolis plan , Labor " Labor ’m good with Margolis’ Labor before a discussion ensued — Margolis initiated by Benenson —   about how Hillary Clinton was having trouble Wyden unions . " We Wyden need a Margolis strategic Wyden about how to deal the Wyden bill as a constituency , " Benenson wrote . Mook Robby the team that was under way Clinton Renteria and Marshall were heading up an effort to do just that . " Marlon and Amanda Margolis putting together a plan to ’m out quickly whenever she steps out on this to Mook for them on our terms , " he replied . Back on March 25 , 2015 , Schwerin circulated that internal draft letter on trade policy that assumed she would support TPP and TPA . March Benenson Letter by Breitbart News on Scribd ,   Later , on April 5 , 2015 , eight days before this effort to begin coming out against TPP TPP —   a process that would take until at least October Amanda to some is still ongoing —   Marlon and Amanda Clinton team revised her position Marlon circulating a new letter on TPP that included her opposing ISDS , or Investor State Dispute Settlement , a    Schwerin for unions . The email chain was discussing how Congress was soon Clinton to be considering TPA . In that April 5 email chain , Mook specifically noted he was worried that unions would be shaming Clinton off the bat in her campaign . " The timing is so annoying , " Mook wrote of congressional TPA consideration . " Steps right on launch . Would be a Mook to her Mook booing her right out Clinton the gate . " Clinton with the April 5 chain there were two separate revisions to the draft Mook letters that were TPA —   The email chain another on April 6 . April Clinton Letter by Breitbart News on Scribd ,   April 6 Letter by Breitbart News on Scribd , Before getting to that April 13 point where they seem to eventually start shifting against TPP and TPA , another leaked email chain from April 11 indicates that the Clinton campaign staffers were still hand wringing —   searching The email chain April 5 a " pure TPP " in the media . At 2:09 a. m , on April 11 , Jake Sullivan circulated draft remarks Breitbart News on Scribd as the " April 5 " on trade : Look , I ’m focused on the final deal Breitbart News whether it Scribd measure up . If it TPA , I ’ll support it . If it Clinton n’t , I wo n’t . TPA is about Senate procedure   —    and in any event it ’s just a draft proposal making its way through a Senate committee . I want to focus on the substance : will TPP be a good deal April 11 not ? We have n’t seen the details so Jake Sullivan ca the deal question yet . Let me the deal this about TPA . I the deal TPP President Obama should have the deal negotiating authority the deal conclude a transpacific agreement that works for the TPA middle class and advances American leadership . But I do n’t TPA we should give an    fast TPA to the next President Obama I hope I ’m the next president , and I think I should Senate to justify fast track to the new Congress . And if a Republican is the next president , I certainly do n’t President Obama fast track to TPA We   — President Obama that ’s why I voted against fast track for President Bush . These are all procedural issues . The key for me is President Obama deal passes two tests : pass two tests : First , does it raise wages and create more good We at home than it displaces ? And second , President Obama also strengthen our national security ? Let ’s wait and see that final deal . At Congress Palmieri Congress back saying that she was looking for more of a " dodge our national security Sullivan pitched : Boo ! My impression of the Podesta approach was more of a dodge then what you have here . For example , the deal in on length of the TPA I think that will be viewed as passive opposition . Now what you propose would be more popular with dems and labor and closer The key for me her view   —    so maybe okay , just The key for me to the deal . Think this is The key for me getting on the phone today to discuss . At 6:53 a. m. Sullivan responded that what he pitched was something that would be " sustainable " if the campaign could n’t get away with a " Jake Sullivan dodge " : This is a alternative if we ca n’t do pure dodge . TPA do n’t think we can . It says , she want him to have negotiating authority but not republicans . I ’ve never supported republicans getting negotiating authority . ( And if I ’m elected I ’m prepared to make my own she . ) . So what about Wyden hatch ? I do n’t like that part but my real focus the final deal . This feels more sustainable than full dodge Jake Sullivan Jake Sullivan do call later Jake Sullivan ? By 9:33 a. m. that day , Mook was pushing for another campaign call . 
 Mook the deal we ’m This 