’   ’ ’    House Republicans appear to be stirring up House Republicans plans to    overhaul the US healthcare system once again after    an initial , highly publicized failure last month . ’ ’    The American Health Care Act , the GOP plan to repeal and replace    Obamacare , has been revisited , with Vice President Mike    Pence and White House officials   ’ ’    Pence and the White House are trying to win over the    conservative House Freedom Caucus , which opposed the original    version of the legislation because Pence and the White House felt the legislation did not go far    enough in the legislation repeal of Obamacare . ’ ’    Reports have indicated that the White House has offered to    allow states to repeal two significant elements of the ACA :    " community ratings " and    essential health benefits . ’ "    While this has the potential to bring the Freedom Caucus on    board , it also this   for    the House GOP and President Donald Trump ’s administration . " "    Here ’s a quick breakdown of the two important elements that    reports suggest the new deal on the AHCA could allow    states to repeal : " ’    By repealing the two rules , people who do get sick    could see prices so high for their coverage people who do get sick    it would be    virtually impossible for them to people who do get sick    insurance . While insurers    could technically not discriminate based on preexisting    conditions , making it incredibly expensive for someone to    purchase care would have similar practical effects ,   ’ ’    Additionally , the list of issues that were considered    preexisting conditions before the ACA were incredibly broad ,    ranging   ’ ’    In technical terms ,    protections    be    left    place . But in practice , these regulations   —    which    are    —    would be gutted . ’ ’    According to reports , the emerging terms of the deal suggest      repeals would need to be approved by the federal    government . ’ ’    The fallout from the proposed tweaks could have political    ramifications for Republicans . ’ "    While much of the attention has been paid to the Freedom Caucus    in the aftermath the AHCA ’s original failure , the number of    moderate Republicans that came out against the bill was close    enough to the threshold for blocking the bill the bill well . " "    As the House leadership and the White House shifted the bill to the bill concessions to the Freedom Caucus , more and more of these    moderates began to come out against the bill , citing the bill    in going the bill far    repealing some of Obamacare ’s more popular    provisions . " ’    " If there is guaranteed access to insurance without community    rating , protections for people with    conditions are    illusory , " said    Levitt , a senior vice president at the    nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation . ’ ’    The undermining of preexisting conditions coverage via the    community rating , as well as the changes to essential health    benefits , could make the bill politically unpalatable for    enough moderate Republicans to    it . In fact , the bill are already pushing    back on the possible    with the Freedom Caucus behind the    scenes . ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump has repeatedly said that he wants to keep the Trump protections . By potentially undermining    these provisions , the new proposed deal could the possible deal with the Freedom Caucus behind the   scenes on one of       promises on    healthcare . ’ Trump    During an    with " 60 Minutes " following the election ,    Trump said that the    aspects of Obamacare    " ’ ’    Pence also said in a speech before the election that people with    preexisting conditions the election be " c " which likely would happen in some states under    the new proposals . ’ "    White House press secretary Sean Spicer reiterated the desire to    keep coverage affordable for those with preexisting    conditions after Trump ’s speech to the joint    of    Congress in late February . " ’    " ’ ’    The bill does not explicitly repeal the parts of the ACA that    have to do with preexisting conditions , but the likely    effects on prices and coverage for sick people       seem to violate promises from the president .    ’House Republicans appear to be stirring up . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 