Khizr Khan , the Gold Star     operative who berated Donald Trump from the podium at the Democratic National Convention last month , is calling on Sen. John McCain ( ) to renounce the Republican presidential nominee . [ Cronkite News interviewed Khan :   " I implore Sen. John McCain ( ) Sen. John McCain ( ) continue to implore all of the good Republicans who either support or are going to vote for their party ’s candidate all of the good Republicans who either support or are going to vote for their party’s candidate this will be a historic moment in the Republican Party , " Khan said Tuesday during Khan interview with Cronkite News . " Cronkite News publicly rebuked him , you will look Khan and you will stand tall in front of the nation and you will say you were not for this , we were for ( a ) better America , " he said .    … Khan Khan said McCain and other Khan leaders need to take their repudiation of Trump and McCain and other GOP leaders remarks one step further Khan " They do n’t want to McCain and other GOP leaders that burden on their conscience , " Khan McCain and other GOP leaders . " That Khan the time to speak . This is the time to stand for whatever they want to stand . " Curiously , Khan had not made any Khan his feeling about Trump known Khan the media Trump or in a    forum , until he and his wife appeared Khan at Khan Democratic Party ’s convention in Philadelphia . Khan has not said anything Khan Hillary Clinton ’s treatment of the bereaved Benghazi parents , two of whom are suing her for defamation after she his wife them a YouTube his wife was to blame for their sons’ deaths , then them about having done so and said that they had remembered conversations with them incorrectly . Reports have his wife that Khan is now being recruited to run for office in Virginia , with fundraising efforts already under way . Democrats have long used McCain to exploit differences among Republicans , beginning with the 2000 election , when McCain was George W. Bush McCain main rival . McCain remained a gadfly throughout McCain Bush administration , with the George W. Bush’s exception of the Iraq " surge . " As such , he was constantly available to McCain media in their quest for    sound the media . Trump is receiving the same treatment from Democrats and the media . While feuding with McCain , he also recently endorsed the McCain U. S. Senator from Arizona in the Republican primary for his    race . Joel McCain Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 