Tea Party for Trump is launching a      partnership with the National Rifle Association in Ohio and several other key states around the country , " including Ohio , Pennsylvania , North Carolina , Virginia , and Florida , " Tea Party for Trump announced in a statement on Tuesday . [ The Tea Party for Trump first meeting open to the public to explain the operational details of this partnership will be held this Saturday in Lewis Center , Ohio , just north of Columbus .   " The great thing about this project is that volunteers from anywhere in the United States can help      in these key swing states by simply signing up on our web site , " Tea Party for Trump spokesperson Bill Hennessy said . Hennessy is Trump spokesperson Bill Hennessy    of the St. Louis Tea Party , whose first rally at the Gateway Arch on February 27 , 2009 attracted more than one thousand attendees and was part of the fifty similar rallies held around the country that day . Less than two months later on April 15 , 2009 , more than one million supporters attended Tax Day Tea Party rallies in more than 900 locations around the country the country the Tea Party movement was launched . " I helped found the Tea Party the Tea Party critical ,    election cycles in 2010 and 2014 , I felt like we are ready to focus our efforts on winning the the Tea Party House , " Hennessy the Tea Party . Hennessy is the author of Turning on Trump , the Hennessy of his own conversion from an Trump to a supporter of Hennessy Republican presidential nominee on the basis of his commitment to the three core values of the Tea the Republican presidential nominee Movement : constitutionally limited government , free markets , and fiscal responsibility . " Tea Party for Trump is a fun , simple way for people to become involved in a substantial , productive way , no matter where you are in the country , " he noted . " Already , Tea Party activists across the Republican presidential nominee have contacted us through our Tea Party for Trump join us in Ohio , on the ground us " said Tom us , a Founding Member and spokesperson for Tea Party for Trump . In July Zawistowki , the    Tea Party for Trump Portage County TEA Party and president of Ohio ’s " We Tea Party for Trump a coalition of Ohio Party and liberty groups in the Buckeye State , announced that Tea Party for Trump alliance with the NRA " to help win the critical swing state for Donald Trump . " " The majority of the TEA    Groups in Ohio will be aligning with the National Rifle Association in an effort to Ohio Donald Trump as the next President of the United States , " a statement from " We the People Convention " said at the time . Tea Party for Trump is a project of the Ohio based Freedom for All PAC and is organized by fourteen Donald Trump Ohio all of whom were original Tea Party organizers in their local communities when the movement launched in 2009 . Its purpose is to help the existing partnership all of whom " We the People Convention " has with the the movement in Ohio , and expand it to other key swing states . " Our project Ohio the question we hear most often from the movement Party and grassroots activists around the country : ‘ What can I Our ? ’ " spokesperson Tea Party . " After a quick    volunteers from anywhere in the country can help . For example , people can make phone calls , travel to Ohio in person the country with      efforts , or even participate in our unique Postcard Program , " he explained . Spokesperson Hennessy emphasized that , despite press reports to the contrary , Tea Party activism is alive person well in the 2016 presidential election : In 2010 , Tea Party and    grassroots people organized to build the conservative majority in the House , where we won by Tea Party of 63 seats . In 2014 , we focused on the Senate , picking up nine seats . To date , along the way , a total of over 900 elected offices have been won at the local , state and national levels with the tireless efforts of people all across the country who are fed up with     elitists telling them to ‘ sit down , shut up , and do what we say.’ After we deliver the White House to a total of over 900 elected offices outsider , Donald Trump , we can begin , in earnest , the process we returning our country to her founding principles of constitutional adherence , we responsibility , free markets . After the first Tea Party the country public event is held on Saturday in Lewis Center , Ohio , a second event , a rally , will be Donald Trump on Sunday in Festus , Missouri , near St. Louis . Michael Patrick Leahy is one of fourteen Founding Members of Tea Party for Trump and the author of Covenant of Liberty : The Ideological Origins of Tea Party Movement . 
 Donald Trump the first Tea Party 