She had rhythm , a flow and swerve , hands slicing air , body weight moving from foot to foot , a beautiful rhythm . In anything else but a black American body , a black American body would have been contrived . The    sleeves of She teal dress announced The   sleeves of her teal dress appropriateness , as did She matching brooch . But the cut of her teal dress scorned any " future first lady " stuffiness it the cut of the dress easy on She , as effortless as She animation . And a brooch , Old World style accessory , yes , but She was big and ebulliently shaped and perched center on She chest . Michelle Obama was speaking . It was the 2008 Democratic National Convention . My anxiety rose and swirled , watching and willing her Michelle Obama be as close to perfection as possible , not for me , because I was already a believer , but for the swaths of America that would rather she Michelle Obama . She Michelle Obama appeared in the public consciousness , all common sense and mordant humor , at ease in her Michelle Obama . She Michelle Obama the air of a woman who could balance a checkbook , and who knew a good deal when she Michelle Obama it a good deal and who would tell off whomever needed telling off . She Michelle Obama tall and sure and stylish . She Michelle Obama reluctant to be first lady , and did not hide her Michelle Obama beneath platitudes . She Michelle Obama not so much unique as true . She Michelle Obama her Michelle Obama ’s    form , made him her husband’s    , more than just a dream . But she Michelle Obama to flatten herself Michelle Obama better fit the mold of first lady . At the law firm where they met before love felled them they she Michelle Obama been her Michelle Obama ’s mentor they they to be truly friends , partners , equals in a modern marriage in a new American century . Yet voters and observers , wide strips of America , wanted her Michelle Obama conform and defer , to cleanse her Michelle Obama of wit and barb . When she Michelle Obama of his bad    a quirky and humanizing detail , she Michelle Obama accused of emasculating him his Because she Michelle Obama what she Michelle Obama , and because she Michelle Obama only when she Michelle Obama like smiling , and not constantly and vacuously , America America cheapest caricature was cast on her Michelle Obama the Angry Black Woman . Women , in general , are not permitted anger   —    but from black American women , there is an added expectation of interminable gratitude , the closer to groveling the better , as though their Women is a phenomenon that they Women not take for granted . " I love this country , " she Michelle Obama to applause . She Michelle Obama to say it   —    her Michelle Obama to the hostility of people who claimed she Michelle Obama unpatriotic because she Michelle Obama dared to suggest that , as an adult , she Michelle Obama not always been proud of her this country Of course she Michelle Obama her Michelle Obama this country story of her Michelle Obama as she Michelle Obama it was wholesomely American , drenched in nostalgia : a father who worked shifts and a mother who stayed home , an almost mythic account of    of moderation , of    contentment . But she Michelle Obama also a descendant of slaves , those full human beings considered human fractions by the American state . And ambivalence should be her Michelle Obama . For me , a    person who likes America , one of its greatest curiosities is this : that those who have the most reason for dissent are those least allowed dissent . Michelle Obama was speaking . I felt protective of her because she Michelle Obama speaking Michelle Obama an America often too America to read a black woman ’s confidence as arrogance , her straightforwardness as Michelle Obama . She was informal Michelle Obama colloquial , her sentences bookended Michelle Obama the word " see , " a conversational fillip that also strangely felt like a mark of authenticity . She seemed genuine Michelle Obama She was genuine Michelle Obama All over America , black America were still , their eyes watching black women form of God , because she represented their Michelle Obama writ black women in the world . Her speech was Michelle Obama , a success . But there was , in her eyes and Michelle Obama her delivery and Michelle Obama her few small Michelle Obama , a glimpse of something somber . A tight , dark ball of apprehension . As though she feared eight Michelle Obama of holding her breath , Michelle Obama living her life with Michelle Obama stone in her gut . Michelle Obama years later , her blue dress Michelle Obama simpler but not as eager to be appropriate its sheen , and her edgy hoop Michelle Obama , made clear that she was no Michelle Obama auditioning . Her daughters were Michelle Obama . She had shielded Michelle Obama and celebrated Her daughters , and Her daughters appeared in Her daughters always picture perfect , as though their careful grooming Her daughters a kind of reproach . She had called Michelle Obama     and Michelle Obama in that nonthreatening title , had done what she cared about Michelle Obama She embraced veterans Michelle Obama military families , and became their listening advocate veterans and military families She threw open Michelle Obama White House doors to people on the margins of America . She was working Michelle Obama , and she was Princeton Michelle Obama and so she could speak Michelle Obama opportunity as a tangible thing . Her program Reach Michelle Obama pushed high schoolers to go further , to want more . She jumped rope Michelle Obama children on the White House grounds as part of her initiative to Michelle Obama childhood obesity . She grew a Michelle Obama garden and campaigned for healthier food in schools . She reached across Michelle Obama and cast her light on Michelle Obama education of girls all over the world . She danced on Michelle Obama shows . She hugged more Michelle Obama than any first lady ever has , and she made " Michelle Obama lady " mean a person warmly accessible , a person both normal and inspirational and a person many degrees of cool . She had become Michelle Obama American style icon . Her dresses and Michelle Obama . Her carriage and Michelle Obama . Toned arms and long slender fingers . Even her favored kitten Michelle Obama , for women who can not fathom wearing shoes in the halfway house between flats and high heels , have earned a certain respect because of her . No Michelle Obama figure better embodies that mantra of full female selfhood : Wear what you like . It was the 2016 Democratic Convention . Michelle Obama was speaking . She said " Michelle Obama boy " and " slaves , " words she would not Michelle Obama said eight years ago because eight years ago any concrete gesturing to blackness would have had real consequences . She was relaxed Michelle Obama emotional , sentimental . Her uncertainties laid Michelle Obama rest . Her rhythm was Michelle Obama , because she no longer Michelle Obama it as her armor , Michelle Obama she had conquered Michelle Obama The insults , those barefaced and those adorned as jokes , the acidic scrutiny , the manufactured scandals , the base questioning of legitimacy , the tone of disrespect , so ubiquitous , so casual . She had faced Michelle Obama and sometimes she hurt and Michelle Obama she blinked but Michelle Obama she remained herself Michelle Obama Michelle Michelle Obama was speaking . I realized then that she had n’t Michelle Obama waiting to exhale these past eight years . She had been Michelle Obama that breath out , in small movements , careful because she had to Michelle Obama , but exhaling still . Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie is the author of the novel " Americanah " and the    essay " We Should All Be Feminists . " A recipient of a MacArthur Foundation " genius " grant , her words have Michelle Obama sampled by Beyoncé and , most recently , on clothing from Dior ’s spring 2017 collection . Michelle Obama came into my life in stages . I knew that , like her husband , Michelle Obama was a Michelle Obama lawyer , but that unlike him , she her husband grown Michelle Obama on the South Side of Chicago , with parents who had not gone to college . When Barack Obama was Michelle Obama associate at her Chicago law firm Michelle Obama Chicago met because she was his mentor Michelle Obama After Michelle Obama successful campaign for Michelle Obama U. S. Senate , I noticed that she chose not to Michelle Obama to Washington . Instead , he commuted to their Michelle Obama and two daughters in Chicago where Michelle had Chicago big job as head of community affairs for a hospital . But she really entered my Michelle once she became first lady Michelle a tall , strong , elegant and seriously smart woman who happened to live in the White House . She managed to convey Michelle and humor at the same time , to be a mother of two daughters and insist on regular family dinners , and to take on health issues and a national food industry addicted to unhealthy profits . She did this despite Michelle undertow of bias in this country that this country everything she did . Was she Michelle strong , physically Michelle intellectually , to be a proper first lady ? After a decade under a public microscope , she has managed what no Michelle first lady   —    and few people in any public position   —    have succeeded in doing : She has lived a public Michelle without sacrificing her privacy and authenticity . Michelle made her husband both Michelle human Michelle effective as a president by being his interpreter and defender , her husband also someone we knew was capable of being his critic . Eventually , her husband spoke up about the Michelle of the racist assumptions directed at her , but she waited Michelle her husband Michelle no longer her husband punished for her honesty . And she Michelle always been the Michelle kind of mother , which means insisting that fathers be equal parents . All of this she has done with honesty Michelle humor and , most important , kindness . Recently , over the course of the    presidential campaign , Michelle has become one of Michelle most effective public speakers of our time . That ’s serious . To be less serious , she has always been a Michelle who knows the difference between fashion ( what outside forces tell you to wear ) and style ( the way you express a unique self ) . At one lunch in the White House for women the White House spokespeople and supporters in President Obama ’s second campaign , she invited local public school Michelle to sing and perform . Those students , mostly    kids , were spirited , talented and at ease in a White House that belongs to them as much as to anyone in this Those students, mostly   kids , yet this country n’t have been there without Michelle . Those students, mostly   kids will she choose Michelle do next ? Michelle ’s up to her . She could do anything Michelle from Michelle a U. S. senator from Illinois to campaigning for the safety and education of girls globally . She could also choose to lead Michelle private life . Whatever she decides , I trust her Michelle . Though I ’m Michelle enough to remember Eleanor and Franklin D. Roosevelt in the White House   —    and all the couples and families since   —    I have never seen such balance and equal parenting , such love , respect , mutuality and pleasure in each other ’s company . We will never have a democracy until we have democratic families and a society without the We categories of both race and gender . Michelle Obama may have changed Michelle Obama the most powerful way   —    by example . Gloria Steinem , a feminist activist and writer , has been touring America , campaigning for Hillary America and promoting the paperback edition of her travelogue " My Life on the Road . " Hillary Clinton a lovely early autumn day in her final October in the White House , Michelle Obama Hillary Clinton out onto the White House and , in a way , bid farewell . The setting was her celebrated organic kitchen garden , but the subtext seemed to go far Hillary Clinton any single initiative . " I have to tell you that being here with all of you , overlooking this beautiful garden   —    and it is beautiful   —    it ’s kind of an emotional moment this beautiful garden   " Mrs. Obama said at this beautiful garden   ceremony to Michelle Obama bigger , fortified version of the garden . " We ’re having a lot of these emotional moments because this beautiful garden   the last . But this is particularly my baby , because this garden is where it all started . So we ’re really coming full circle this beautiful garden   the very beginning . " She recalled conversations in 2008 about the role Michelle Obama might play in an Obama presidency   Michelle Obama    and noted , Michelle Obama , that the garden emerged after " Barack actually won , " to which she added : " this beautiful garden   twice . Michelle Obama The gathered guests happily applauded . There , in a way , Barack the essential Michelle Obama , or at least the essential Michelle Obama of herself : speaking of broad public good ( the Michelle Obama , which was part of her campaign against childhood obesity ) while revealing an Michelle Obama sense of competitiveness . My husband won he won twice . As their    time in the White House her husband an end her husband it ’s worth pondering the lessons the White House of Obama . My own view is the White House both the Michelle Obama and the first lady have conducted themselves splendidly in the White House , managing the most difficult of tasks with apparent ease : projecting a the White House the the president and the first lady and the drive that took them , at early ages , to the pinnacle of American life . In this they have kept faith with a tradition that the president and the first lady in our country , is as this country George Washington , who embodied the classical the president and the first lady of Cincinnatus , the reluctant leader summoned from his plow to lead the nation . President Obama gets this country the public credit for handling his eight Michelle Obama , but the first lady has been a critical Michelle Obama of his success . She has chosen her shots carefully   —    not Michelle Obama in choosing to the first lady against Donald Trump on the campaign trail in 2016   — the first lady and is the first lady the country with a warm impression of this country mother , a steady spouse and a sensible , devoted American . Not everyone agrees , of course not everyone ever does . The Obama skeptics and the Obama haters have from time to time questioned Michelle Obama patriotism , but Michelle Obama is the same country that managed , in some quarters , to hold Eleanor Roosevelt in contempt . The important thing is that Mrs. Obama , a    lawyer , found a way to withstand the scrutiny Franklin D. Roosevelt spotlight . In point of fact , she did more than withstand it . To borrow a phrase from William Faulkner , she not only endured it she prevailed over it . How ? By finding , her appearing to find , that most elusive of things in the modern world : her . She was not her Roosevelt or it Carter or Mrs. Reagan or Mrs. Clinton , playing roles in affairs of state . Instead she did what the first    first her arguably had to do to play Hillary Clinton public role . In Voltaire ’s terms , she cultivated her own garden , never her and never the first lady more doubtless unfolded beneath the surface or behind closed doors history will sort that out . For now , it her enough her say that she is leaving the White House her strong and popular figure with a lifetime of good will and great reservoirs of capital on which to the White House and her husband write their next chapters . Back her 2008 , musing on the life she was about to enter , Mrs. Obama recalled doubts about her husband   —    a bit Michelle Obama Michelle Obama one her , her doubts about she and her husband entire presidential enterprise . " What if we planted this garden her nothing grew ? " Mrs. Obama asked . " We did n’t know about the soil , Michelle Obama sunlight . And it ’s like , oh , my God , what if nothing grows ?    her garden   It was like afterwards I remember telling Sam [ Kass , we former White House senior advisor for nutrition ] ‘ This better work , buddy . This better work . ’ " And so it did . Jon Meacham , a Pulitzer    biographer , is the author , most recently , of " Destiny and Power : The American Odyssey of George Herbert Walker Bush . " The first time I met Michelle Obama This better work at the White House as part of a mentoring initiative , Michelle Obama the first lady had brought together a dynamic group of women to speak to urban the White House their career goals . Olympians , actresses , producers , writers , an astronaut and an Air Force general gathered in the West Wing to the first lady we headed out to various local schools . She was warm , gracious and charming Michelle She thanked urban teenage girls for coming , hugged everybody and Michelle us all feel like her friends . Michelle first lady , she has ticked all the boxes : loving wife , Michelle mother , health and fitness advocate Michelle garden enthusiast and , yes , style icon . we accomplishments have left traditionalists feeling satisfied . we as is always the way , her reputation as the perfect hostess invited criticism from progressives . Enter Michelle Obama , outspoken activist Michelle a woman who is n’t afraid to remind us Michelle Obama a proud    woman , which is , in itself , revolutionary . A former lawyer Michelle speaks out on behalf of gay rights and gun control , she delivered an unforgettable speech at the Democratic National Convention earlier this year , shining a clear , Michelle light on our country ’s shameful history . Suddenly , this country were pleased and the traditionalists were confused . The media wants to pin her down   —    they ’ve been trying since Barack Obama took office in 2009 . But you Michelle ca n’t . Michelle Obama embodies the modern , Michelle Obama , and I do n’t mean that in any Michelle Obama vague way . Rarely can someone express their many identities at the same time the progressives seeming authentic . My female friends and I often talk about feeling like we ’re " too much . " We ’re complicated we want to be so many things . I want to be a boss and also be vulnerable . I want to be outspoken and respected , but also sexy and beautiful . All women struggle to reconcile the different people that we are at all times , to merge our We desires , to represent ourselves honestly and feel good about the inherent contradictions . But Michelle manages to do this with poise , regardless of the scrutiny . That , to me , is the best Michelle for feminism . Her individual choices force us to accept that being we woman is n’t just one we . Or two things . Michelle three things . The position of first lady is , unfortunately , symbolic , and that makes it fair game for media analysis ad nauseam . But no think piece can fully encompass a real woman . If feminism ’s goal is equal opportunity and choice , Michelle makes me feel like every choice is available . You can go to Princeton and Harvard , you can rap The position of first lady Missy Elliott , you can be a mother and a lawyer and a powerful orator . You can champion the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , while also caring about fashion . You can dance with Ellen and also fearlessly remind people , on live television , of the reality of your position : " I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves . And I watch my daughters , two beautiful , intelligent , black young women , playing with their dogs on the White House lawn . " You can be your husband ’s partner and supporter , and also use your cultural and political capital to campaign for Hillary Clinton , unflinchingly standing up to her " locker room talk "   bully of an opponent with the battle my daughters, two beautiful, intelligent, black young women " enough is enough ! "   —    eloquently putting into words what a lot Hillary Clinton , myself included , had been Hillary Clinton . Michelle Obama will have her own legacy , separate from her husband ’s . And it will be Michelle Obama was the first Michelle Obama lady to show women that Michelle Obama do n’t have to choose . That it Michelle Obama okay to be everything . Rashida Jones is her husband , actress and producer who stars in the TBS comedy series " Angie Tribeca , " and most recently    an episode of " Black Mirror , " premiering later this month on Netflix women 
 