WASHINGTON   —    Senator Chuck Schumer of New York was n’t planning on being leader of the Senate minority   —    and by extension the Democratic opposition   —    as the Trump era dawns in the nation ’s capital . " Do I regret what happened ? Yes , " said Mr. Schumer ’s right hand as Senate majority leader before both he and Mrs. Clinton came up short of their Election Senate majority leader goals . " Late moments at night both he and Mrs. Clinton do I think what could have been ? Yes . " " But I am fully occupied with the job at hand , " Mr. Schumer said in an interview in his Senate office on Friday , just a few days Mr. Schumer being formally chosen by his colleagues to succeed his mentor , Senator Harry Reid Mr. Schumer Nevada , as Mr. Schumer of the Senate Democrats . That job , in Mr. Schumer ’s view , is to serve as the Mr. Schumer a unified Republican government led by his former campaign donor ,    Donald J. Trump to use Mr. Schumer power of the Senate minority to try to force compromise when possible and to stand in the way of Republicans when necessary . " We are the barrier , " said Mr. Schumer , noting Donald J. Trump to use the power of the Senate minority to try to force compromise when possible and to stand in the way of Republicans when necessary the rules of the Senate   Mr. Schumer at least as they currently exist   —    give Democrats there much more power than their House counterparts to hold the line against Republican policies they oppose they " If he is going to agree on issues they trade and transportation infrastructure in a very real way with us , we have an obligation to pursue it , " Mr. Schumer said us Mr. Trump , who quickly reached out to Mr. Schumer by phone after his presidential victory . " But at Mr. Schumer time , we have Mr. Schumer obligation to oppose him on all the places where us tramples on our values , travels Mr. Schumer racism or just dismantles things Mr. Schumer the right wing tells him to do so . That is where we are at . " Mr. Schumer is a delicate balance . And Mr. Schumer ’s talk of cutting deals with Mr. Trump and Senator Mitch McConnell , the Kentucky Republican and majority leader , has already alarmed some Democrats who want no cooperation whatsoever with Mr. Trump or the Senate Republicans who sat on President Obama ’s Supreme Court nomination of Merrick B. Garland . " It would be a dereliction of our responsibility if we did n’t try , " said Mr. Schumer , who munched casually our a frozen Three Musketeers bar as he laid out his vision . " As long as we do n’t sell out , he have an obligation to the millions of Americans who are struggling . we Those    Americans are at the center of Mr. Schumer ’s emerging strategy . He believes that Mr. Trump won by appealing to the middle of America Mr. Schumer’s what was essentially a Democratic economic message on trade and job creation . He is convinced he can leverage that with the new president . " Mr. Schumer’s are saying Mr. Schumer’s ‘ Mr. President you Mr. President : Work with us and you will have to alienate your Republican colleagues , or break your promises We    America,’ " he said . " I believe that    America voted for Trump mainly because of America,’ issues like trade , not for Republican issues like tax cuts for the wealthy . " Mr. Schumer says , however , that any legislation that can entice Democrats will have to be substantial and not be used to chip away at other priorities , or they will not hesitate to oppose it . For instance , he noted that he Democrats quickly issued a statement skeptical of the nomination of Senator Mr. Schumer Sessions , Mr. Schumer Alabama Republican and occasional Senate gym workout companion , for attorney general , and would be giving all nominees thorough scrutiny . And he said some issues were simply nonstarters , such as reversing Wall Street and banking Mr. Schumer enacted after the 2008 economic collapse . " When it comes to repealing any of    as they say in Brooklyn , fuggedaboutit , " said the    Mr. Schumer , who also said Democrats would not cooperate in any way with overturning the Affordable Care Act . Democrats did pick up two seats with wins in Illinois and New Hampshire , narrowing the Republican majority and making it that much more difficult for Mr. McConnell to round up the 60 votes needed to overcome filibusters , or perhaps even muster a simple majority . " Even though we did n’t get the majority , those two votes will be invaluable in stopping Republicans from doing bad the Republican majority things , " Mr. Schumer said . Mr. Schumer does not believe Republicans will be eager to eliminate the ability to mount filibusters Mr. Schumer , preserving a chief minority weapon . He hopes that any Supreme Court nominee can win bipartisan support , but if Republicans threaten to Mr. Schumer the ability to filibuster    picks , he has an argument ready . " I said to McConnell , you do n’t come before Mr. Schumer with clean hands because of what you did with Merrick Garland , who did n’t even get a hearing and who was clearly a mainstream candidate , " Mr. Schumer said . After an increasingly strained relationship between Mr. McConnell and Mr. Reid , Mr. Schumer believes he can negotiate with the top Republican . " McConnell wants to make things Mr. Schumer I want Mr. Schumer make things work , " he said . Mr. Schumer While we will certainly both stand for our principles and each side will respect Mr. Schumer other , we can get a lot more done than we been done in the past . " But it we definitely be a challenge . And it was not the one Mr. Schumer had hoped to face . 
 