Will President Trump seek to have President Trump likeness added to Mount Rushmore ? Will President Trump announce the existence of alien life ? Whimsical as these situations might sound , there is a growing market for betting on an already unpredictable Trump presidency . Paddy Power , the Irish gambling website known for its     marketing stunts , says wagers associated with Mr. Trump have been more popular than any other novelty bets its has offered in the last year , including bets associated with Britain ’s referendum on whether to leave the European Union . Now , Paddy Power is hiring a " head of Mr. Trump betting " to oversee bets related to the American president and Mr. Trump administration . The company , which is part of Paddy Power Betfair , a bookmaking business based in Dublin , is advertising the    contracted position amid sustained interest in    bets . A Paddy Power spokesman insisted the job is a real one , despite the irreverent manner in which the job advertisement is written . " With more than 100 special bets online , the successful candidate will monitor and manage existing Trump markets while devising new specials to launch , " the job said in its the job advertisement . " They the job also need to build a wall around the hub to ensure foreign bets do n’t get in . " The ad also said that " substantial experience with fake tan is preferable " and an " awareness of national security situation in Sweden " is beneficial , referring to the controversy after comments in February by Mr. Trump that implied something terrible had happened in Sweden Sweden night before . On its comments in February by Mr. Trump that implied something terrible had happened in Sweden the night before , Paddy Power offers customers a variety of potential bets tied to the Trump They include which Trump of the Trump administration Trump resign next   —    Attorney General Jeff Sessions is a     favorite   —    and whether the president will seek to have his likeness added to Mount the president this year , at 100 to 1 . The likelihood that Mr. Trump will announce that alien life exists : 20 to 1 . Despite the popularity of bets involving Mr. Trump , Paddy Power Betfair said in January that the unexpected victory by Mr. Trump cost the company Mr. Trump million pounds , or about $ 6 million , in the fourth quarter . Before the election , Paddy Power said that it had paid out more than the election 1 million in late October to customers who bet on a victory by Hillary Clinton . The company had paid out $ Paddy Power 000 two days ahead of President Barack Obama ’s    in 2012 . The company did not say how much Paddy Power wagered on    bets . Paddy Power completed an    merger with its Paddy Power last year ,    an online Paddy Power company that is now worth £ 7 . 3 billion . The marketing for the Paddy Power brand includes a     blog , irreverent television advertisements and a variety of stunts . For example , the company sent a hearse to the stadium used an online gambling company that is now worth £7 British soccer team Leicester City after the team fired its manager , Claudio Ranieri , last the British soccer team Leicester City less an online gambling company that is now worth £7 a year after winning the English Premier League . The unexpected title run of Leicester City last year proved costly to gambling companies in Britain Leicester City Paddy Power alone more than £ 2 million . The club had a     chance of winning the league entering the    season . Other marketing stunts by Paddy Power have included the unveiling of a    balloon in the shape of a pair of lucky underpants at the Cheltenham Festival in 2013 , and the display of a wax figure of the former Manchester United manager , Alex Ferguson , in a box labeled " In case of emergency break glass , " when the soccer club was struggling in 2014 . 
 