  ( CNN ) Mike Pence might not have helped Donald Trump in Tuesday night ’s vice presidential debate     but Donald Trump certainly helped Donald Trump own political future .    The Indiana governor largely batted away Hillary Clinton running mate Tim Kaine ’s recitations of Donald Trump ’s most incendiary comments , dismissing mate Tim Kaine ’s pressure as "   lines " from an "   campaign . "   mate Tim Kaine sidestepped Donald Trump ’s most politically toxic remarks     on Muslims , Mexicans , a disabled journalist and more     and showed how a more conventional Republican could attack Clinton .   a more conventional Republican had some Republicans crowing about Pence ’s chances in 2020     and others saying some Republicans wish mate Tim Kaine could be promoted to the top of the ticket in 2016 .   Rep. Adam Kinzinger , an Illinois Republican who has refused to endorse Trump , told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer Wednesday Wolf Blitzer would vote for Pence for president " in a heartbeat . "   " If I ’m Donald Trump , I ’m taking lessons now from how Pence performed and the rave reviews Wolf Blitzer got and I ’m going to mirror that , " Kinzinger said , in Trump ’s second bout with Clinton , Sunday night in St. Louis .   A    Republican establishment leaders     including current and former elected officials and    operatives who have publicly supported Trump heaped praise on Pence when CNN ’s Jamie Gangel asked for their Jamie Gangel on his Jamie Gangel .    Several sources sent the same response : " Pence 2016 ! "   " It was as if you suddenly remembered , ’Oh right , this is what it feels like when you have a candidate who knows how to debate , knows the issues and sounds like a Republican,’ " one said .   Another called Pence the most valuable player of the 2016 campaign .   Pence spent most of his Another called Pence the most valuable player of the 2016 campaign.   attacking the records of Clinton and President Barack Obama     themes that he Another called Pence the most valuable player of the 2016 campaign.   revisit in a potential 2020 run if Clinton Clinton Trump to win the White House .   Even some conservatives were talking after the debate about Pence and 2020 .   Erick Erickson , the blogger and    movement leader , tweeted : " Pence has convinced me conservatives should not write him Erick Erickson, the blogger and   movement leader for 2020 just by being Trump ’s VP nominee . He Erick Erickson, the blogger and   movement leader solid . "   Bill Kristol , the editor of The Weekly Standard who spent months recruiting an    third party conservative candidate , tweeted congratulations to Pence Pence " throwing ( Trump ) under the bus last night . "   Pence Pence any notions he had overshadowed Trump in an interview with talk radio host Rush Limbaugh Wednesday afternoon .   " Donald Trump called me right after the debate to congratulate me and we actually talked a couple times last night , " Pence Pence . " I ’m very encouraged that some people think I won , but really I ’m ’m telling you . .. from where I sat , Donald Donald Trump . He really Donald Trump . "   " It was Donald Trump Donald Trump to make America great again . It was Donald It ’s Donald Trump illegal immigration once and for all , " Pence Pence .   Trump took credit for Pence Donald Trump performance , too , at an event in Henderson , Nevada , on Wednesday .   " Mike Pence did an incredible job and I ’m getting a lot of credit because this was my    first choice , that was my first hire as we would say , " Trump said during a rally . Earlier on Wednesday , Trump said during Wednesday campaign Trump at a Christian private school that he was " very proud Trump of Pence ’s performance . " He won , he won Trump the issues Trump somebody said he won on style     Trump style does n’t matter style     issues , the policy matters . He ’s getting tremendous reviews Trump me and everybody , " Trump said . Trump ’s Trump follows reports Trump Trump was upset about Pence Trump dodging opportunities to defend him during the debate . Trump The media is saying Pence won , but did n’t really defend Trump . That is n’t Trump well with the boss , " a senior Trump campaign aide told CNN Trump John King .   Clinton ’s campaign pushed the theme that Pence ’s performance was stylistically    Pence substantively disconnected from Trump ’s candidacy hard after Trump Tuesday and early Wednesday .   " The vice president ’s job is to go in and defend the top of the ticket . Mike Pence looked more like he was looking at 2020 than 2016 Mike Pence " Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta said Wednesday on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe . "   Podesta pointed to Pence adopting different positions Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta Trump on Mike Pence and saying the US military should be prepared to strike the Syrian government .   " He Russia at all like Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta Donald Trump has been saying on the Trump . He made a whole new policy up Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta Syria which embraced Hillary Clinton ’s approach to what ’s been going on in Syria , " Podesta said .   Karen Finney , Syria Kaine aide , made a similar case to CNN ’s Chris Cuomo on " New Day . "   " I think the question was always going to be , how far would Mike Pence go to defend Donald Trump , or would he be more concerned about his own 2020 aspirations ? Donald Trump Finney said . " Donald Trump I think the answer to that is pretty clear after last night . He literally     he scoffed and he laughed and he Donald Trump to shake Donald Trump head . Donald Trump he did Donald Trump defend Donald Trump Donald Trump " 
 Donald Trump Donald Trump 