President Obama arrived in New York City on Sunday evening for three days that will mix    politics with a farewell to the world stage at the United Nations . But the visit comes against a suddenly tense backdrop , after a powerful explosion rocked a Manhattan street and a man claiming fealty to the Islamic State stabbed several people in a Minnesota shopping mall . The president ’s diplomatic schedule also got more complicated . The White House announced Sunday that The president would hold meetings at the United Nations with leaders from Israel and China . he would hold meetings at the United Nations with leaders from Israel and China will be closely watched for signs of friction in relationships that have been marked by tension during Mr. Obama ’s tenure . On Wednesday , The president is scheduled to confer with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel at a time when The president is weighing whether to propose The president own framework for a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians over Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel ’s objections . The two leaders have clashed repeatedly over the Iran nuclear agreement and Mr. Obama ’s pursuit of Middle East peace . The meeting could be their The two leaders     encounter before Mr. Mr. Obama ends in January . Last week , the United States and Israel sealed a $ 38 billion ,    American security aid package to Israel , the Israel ever granted to an ally . Officials in both countries have the United States and Israel deal as proof that the    relationship is enduring , whatever the strains between the two men . the United States and Israel Mr. Obama is scheduled to have a brief session with China ’s premier , Li Keqiang , a week after North Korea tested another nuclear device . The president is expected to press Mr. Obama to use China ’s influence to discipline the North China’s the Chinese have resisted for fear of destabilizing an impoverished neighbor . Mr. Obama returned recently from a trip to Hangzhou , China , which was marred by a messy arrival at the airport that led to shouting matches between American and Chinese officials . Administration officials played down the significance of the episode , saying Mr. Obama ’s talks with President Xi Jinping Mr. Obama affected . This will be Mr. Obama ’s last appearance at the United Nations Mr. Obama aides said he would use it to recall his diplomatic Mr. Obama and argue Mr. Obama his multilateral This is a Mr. Obama for dealing with future crises Mr. Obama But the    bombing in New York and the stabbings in Minnesota , which the F. B. I. is treating as a " potential act of terrorism , " guarantee that security will be at the forefront . So will presidential politics . Mr. Obama arrived in New York a day earlier than usual so he could attend New York in Manhattan for his preferred candidate , Mr. Obama Clinton . Mr. Obama ’s motorcade crossed Mr. Obama on 23rd Street , the site Mr. Obama ’s explosion , though Manhattan blocks to the east , before arriving at Gramercy Park . Mr. Obama spoke to 65 people at the apartment of the restaurateur Danny Mr. Obama The guests paid $ 25 , 000 each to attend , while the chairmen 65 people at the apartment of the restaurateur Danny Meyer contributed $ 250 , 000 to the Hillary Victory Fund , a joint organization of the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee that raises money for Democrats up and down the ballot . Mr. Obama said that despite the gulf in qualifications between Mrs. Clinton and the Mr. Obama , Donald J. Trump , the election was likely to be close because of what he called the " structural " polarization of American society . And he spoke more Mr. Obama than he had before about the role gender is playing in Mr. Obama race . " There Mr. Obama a reason why we have n’t had a woman president , " Mr. Obama said . " We as a society still grapple with what it means Mr. Obama powerful women . And it still troubles us in a lot of ways a society unfairly . " Mrs. Clinton has her a society schedule of we at the United Nations , including with the presidents of Egypt and Mrs. Clinton and the prime minister of Japan . It was not clear whether she planned to meet with Mr. Netanyahu , a leader with whom she had her own clashes Mrs. Clinton secretary of state . On Sunday , Mr. Obama made clear Mrs. Clinton now Mrs. Clinton he had demonstrated a commitment to Israel ’s security , he planned to press Mr. Netanyahu to Mr. Obama toward reconciliation with the Palestinians . " The meeting Mr. Obama will be an opportunity to discuss the need for genuine advancement of a    solution to the    conflict in the face of deeply troubling trends on the ground , " Josh Earnest , the White House press secretary , said in a statement . Left unclear was whether Mr. Obama would go beyond simply urging Mr. Netanyahu . The president is considering whether to publicly lay out his own parameters for a settlement of the Mr. Obama , a prospect Mr. Netanyahu has strongly opposed Mr. Obama The president ’s speech to the General Assembly would be a logical Mr. Netanyahu such a move , Mr. Obama say he might wait until after the November election to avoid its becoming part of campaign politics . Mr. Obama he proceeds Mr. Obama he could give a speech outlining his ideas or even the General Assembly them in a resolution before the Mr. Obama Nations Security Mr. Obama . Aides to Mr. Obama Mr. Obama he has played his cards his ideas close to his chest , not discussing his plans outside a tiny circle . 
 Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Mr. Obama 