  ( CNN ) A few years ago , Sarah Hughes could barely walk . Sarah Hughes weighed 83 pounds and was crippled by constant pain due to a rare type of juvenile arthritis . Now , Sarah Hughes , a     resident of Fulshear , Texas , feels stronger and happier . Sarah Hughes is even planning nuptials as a new fiancée , and Sarah Hughes attended President Donald Trump ’s congressional speech Tuesday night , which was Rare Disease Day . Sarah Hughes credits an experimental stem cell treatment with giving Sarah Hughes new hope for Sarah Hughes health and Sarah Hughes future     a newfound hope that also caught attention of Republican Rep. Pete Olson . ’She is the face of the 21st Century Cures Act’ Olson , who represents Texas’ 22nd district , invited Hughes as Hughes guest of honor at Trump ’s first address to a joint session of Congress .   Republican Rep. Pete Olson said Republican Rep. Pete Olson read news reports about Hughes and Hughes health battle around the time Congress was working to pass the 21st Century Cures Act , a medical research bill , last year . Republican Rep. Pete Olson was so moved by Hughes’ story that Republican Rep. Pete Olson even shared it on the House floor , Republican Rep. Pete Olson said . " Hughes is the face of the 21st Century Cures Act because of what Hughes ’s gone through in Hughes life , " Republican Rep. Pete Olson said Tuesday .   " It became pretty clear to Republican Rep. Pete Olson that . .. I ( have ) got to tell Hughes’ story that he even shared it on the House floor , " Republican Rep. Pete Olson said . " That ’s why Hughes ’s here : Hughes ’s awesome . " In a rare bipartisan vote November 30 , the House of Representatives approved the 21st Century Cures Act , intended to boost funding for medical research on cancer and other diseases , such as Hughes’ . It went on to be approved by the Senate and was signed into law by President Barack Obama .   Immediately after the House the House of Representatives , Hughes said , Olson called her at home to invite her her be his Olson of honor . " I was at home baking cookies with my mom after watching Representative Olson my story on the House floor with a huge poster with my picture on it . my story on the House floor was overwhelmed and excited by this huge honor and attention given to me and my story , " said Hughes , whose story appeared on CNN in 2015 . " I still can not believe I will be in the same room as our President and lawmakers , " she said me attending Trump ’s speech . Trump also Trump’s a guest with a rare disease to the joint address , Megan Crowley , a     sophomore at the University of Notre Dame who was diagnosed with Pompe disease when she was me months old . At diagnosis , she was me expected to live for more than a few years , according to a White House statement . It took Crowley ’s father , John , to launch the New Jersey biotechnology company Amicus Therapeutics to identify a drug treatment that would save her life me Trump said . " But our slow and burdensome approval process at the Food and Drug Administration keeps too many advances , like the one that saved Megan ’s me , from reaching those in need , " Trump said Trump his speech Trump " If we slash the restraints , not just at the FDA but across our Government , then we will we blessed with far more miracles like Megan , me he said Trump " In fact , our children will grow up in a Nation of miracles . " Past medical battles , hope for the future , At 11 months old , Hughes was diagnosed with systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis , a debilitating autoimmune illness that affects multiple organs and systems . It can cause joint swelling , pain , fevers and rash . Hughes spent Hughes of her adolescence Hughes , as she became Hughes sick that she could Hughes walk and suffered immense pain . Her body Hughes evaluated , treated and studied at the National Institutes of Health in collaboration with her doctors Hughes the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston .   Yet relief came in 2014 , when Hughes received a    adult stem cell treatment that was not approved in the United States .   For the procedure , Hughes had Hughes own Hughes stem cells cultured at the    biotechnology company Celltex Therapeutics in Houston . Houston she traveled Hughes Cancun , Mexico , to have the cells her own healthy stem cells cultured at the   biotechnology company Celltex Therapeutics in Houston into her body Hughes Each infusion involved about 200 million stem cells , and Hughes received Hughes 22 infusions over almost two years . The cells could her own healthy stem cells cultured at the   biotechnology company Celltex Therapeutics in Houston her immune Hughes , which was overactive due to her autoimmune Hughes . Before the stem cell therapy , Hughes said Hughes she was Hughes 23 medications a day . Now , she is Hughes eight medications at lower doses . Hughes shared Hughes experience Hughes a speech before Food and Drug Administration officials during a hearing on stem cell clinics in September . " If not for the help of    autologous mesenchymal stem cell therapy , I would not be here today , " Hughes said Hughes the hearing .   a hearing on stem cell clinics in September was running out of time , but I was willing to put my life at risk to get on an airplane . My quality of life had become so dismal , even one small improvement from my own stem cells would have been enough for me , " she said Hughes her speech Hughes " What happened in the days , weeks and years following my first infusion has changed my outlook . It ’s hard to believe my first infusion in my sick body , I had a wealth of healthy adult stem cells with the ability to so significantly improve my quality of life . " Hughes looks forward to representing the 117 million Americans who have one or more chronic health conditions at Trump ’s congressional address . " My hope is that our new President will spend time looking at how to help all Americans have access to new therapies like the one I had , " she said . 
 