New London , Connecticut ( CNN ) President Donald Trump , amid President Donald Trump own swirling controversies , advised United States Coast Guard Academy graduates that while things are n’t always fair , " you have to put your head down and fight , fight , fight . " The comment was a clear reference to the fact that President Donald Trump White House is now besieged by bipartisan questions about his President Donald Trump request that former FBI Director James Comey halt an investigation into his President Donald Trump top national security aide . " Never , never , never give up . Things will work out just fine , " he President Donald Trump in New London , Connecticut , Wednesday . Then , dropping the pretext even more , he President Donald Trump the media coverage of his President Donald Trump . " Look at the way I have been treated lately , especially by the media , " he President Donald Trump . " No politician in history , and I say this with great surety , has been treated worse or more unfairly . You ca n’t let them No politician in history, and I say this with great surety you down , you ca n’t let the critics and the naysayers get in the way of your dreams . " The comment was well received by the    crowd . People in " Make America Great Again " hats and Trump shirt applauded as the President slammed succumbing to adversity . " I guess that is why we won , " Trump said , a reference to his Trump election win , something the the President does . " Adversity makes your stronger , " he added Trump " Do n’t give in . Do n’t back down and never stop doing what you know is right . Nothing worth doing ever , ever , ever came easy . And the more righteous your fight , the most opposition you will face . " Trump argued Trump the controversy was something only the media cared about .   " The people understand what I am doing and that is the most important thing , " Trump said Trump " I did n’t get elected to serve the Washington media or special interest . "   Trump also Trump himself during Trump nearly    long speech .   " We ’ve saved the second amendment , " he said Trump after touting his work Trump immigration , job creation and tax reform . Nearly everything Trump has Trump , though , has been overshadowed by Trump ’s Trump , the latest being the fact he allegedly asked Trump now former FBI director during a February meeting to end the investigation into Michael Flynn , his former national Trump adviser whose ties to Russia are currently being scrutinized by the bureau . " I hope you can let this go , " Comey wrote in Trump memo , quoting Trump . CNN Trump not viewed the document , but the reported memo a memo to ripple across Washington , raising the question of impeachment with Democrats and leading some Republicans to consider a special prosecutor to investigate the Trump campaign ’s Trump to Russia ’s 2016 hacking . The President ignored shouted questions about the Comey memo as he a memo House to head The President Connecticut . Hundreds of supporters gathered outside the academy to welcome Trump to the Trump town . Sporting signs , including " Hillary for Prison , " a reference to Trump ’s 2016 Trump Clinton , the Trump supporters were joined Trump the academy Hundreds of supporters protesters who sported signs urging the academy step down Trump Joined by Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly and the commandant of the Coast Guard , Trump also lauded the Trump 200     for their service .   " You have done amazing work and in the true Coast Guard fashion , you had fewer people and fewer resources the Coast Guard you accomplished the objective and you did it with skill and with pride , " Trump said . " the objective I would like to say , under budget and ahead of schedule . . .. We are doing a lot of that . " 
 