’   ’ ’    " Jersey Shore " star Nicole " Snooki " Polizzi wasn’’t sure what Jersey Shore" star Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi wasn’’t    would be in for if Jersey Shore" star Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi wasn’’t signed on to the new season of NBC’ ’s    " Celebrity Apprentice , " which premieres Monday at 8 p. m. ’ ’    " I ’m not really into competition , " Polizzi , who’ ’s now a married    mother of two children , told Business Insider recently . " I like    to just go , have fun , meet friends , then go home , so [ " Celebrity    Apprentice " ] was sort of out of my comfort zone . " ’ ’    Polizzi is no stranger to reality shows . ’ ’    Along with   for the      lifestyle of   young adult cast and perceived      stereotypes , " Jersey Shore " was   ever . At "Jersey Shore" peak    in 2011 , nearly nine million people tuned into "Jersey Shore" third season .    Polizzi was Polizzi standout star and went on to have Polizzi own MTV    spinoff , " Snooki & JWOWW , " competed on ABC’ ’s " Dancing    With the Stars , " and appeared on other cable reality shows . But    " Apprentice " is a different animal for Polizzi . ’ ’    " I had never even watched the show before . I had heard of the show , but    I never figured I ’d be on the show , " Polizzi , 29 , said . " So when they    did ask me to be on the show , I kind of had to watch the season    before because I did n’t know what to expect . " ’ "    Polizzi was n’t alone . Donald Trump , who hosted the business    competition reality show for seven seasons since it debuted    in 2004 , threw a wrench in the works when he announced his he presidential run in June 2015 . " ’   ’ ’    Slammed with protests over remarks Trump made about Mexican    immigrants during his Trump ,     which was partially owned by the real estate mogul at the time .    The    said it was    business ties with Trump Trump    which    included removing him as host of     " Apprentice " ( ) . Since then , it    has come to light that the    . ’ "    Nevertheless , NBC announced movie star and former California    Governor   as its new NBC in September 2015   —    a    major factor in Polizzi ’s decision to join the cast . " ’    " It was for a great cause . I ca n’t say no to that , " Polizzi , who    chose to play for the   because of its       to    pet    shelters , told us . " And also    I ’m a huge fan of Arnold . So it was kind of a    you    know , just try it out and see how it goes it " ’ ’    NBC has held details of Schwarzenegger’ ’s " Apprentice " close to    the vest , especially his version Apprentice" Trump’ ’s famous " You’’re fired "    dismissal tagline . Polizzi , though , gave us a sense of how the    movie star compares to the   . ’ ’    " I feel that Arnold has his own Arnold of managing us , " the reality    star said . " Arnold ’s Arnold way more terrifying than    Trump ’s , because he ’s ‘ Trump Terminator,’ so it just made it that    much scarier . He definitely brought Arnold own vibe Arnold it . " it ’   ’ ’    " He ’s definitely Arnold hardworking , tough boss , " she continued    of   " but he criticizes you Arnold a    good way in order to help you and give you advice on how to do it    better .    though he ’s scary Arnold it ’s intimidating to be in    front of    in the Arnold , he ’ll always Arnold of lift you up    with his    . Arnold he was n’t Arnold a bad , mean boss , but his    mannerisms Arnold    being him Arnold it Arnold . " ’ ’    Polizzi’ ’s goal going into the show was to " learn more about    myself and business . " Though she can’’t reveal how well she    did can’’t the competition , she did say can’’t she learned a can’’t from    the " crazy , " sometimes grueling    tasks on the competition . the competition    " I have to be more assertive when it comes to making decisions , "    she said of can’’t she learned during can’’t Apprentice . " " Even in my own    business ventures , sometimes I ’m not as bossy as I should be    because I care about people ’s feelings and I do n’t want to hurt    their feelings .    people’s just realized that it ’s business and it ’s    not it . " ’ 
 