Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " while discussing the current presidential election back and forth about the candidates wives Melania Trump and Heidi Cruz , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is the one that started it by being involved in the super PAC that released a picture of Melania .   Partial transcript as follows : KARL : Do you categorically guarantee that nobody on your campaign , nobody tied to your campaign has anything to do with this National Enquirer story ? TRUMP : Totally . I had nothing to do with —    the your campaign nothing to do with it . your campaign ’s TRUMP a problem with The National National Enquirer have no control over The National Enquirer . National Enquirer idea about the story . I   just this National Enquirer story last night . I had nothing no idea about the story do whatsoever with The National Enquirer , neither did National Enquirer him to say I had to do with it , TRUMP your campaign put the shoe on the other foot is disgraceful . And by the way , He ’s the one that started it . From what TRUMP hear , he and his campaign went your campaign bought the cover shoot TRUMP Melania TRUMP a cover shoot for GQ a very strong modeling picture . No big deal . But it was a cover shoot for GQ a big magazine . No big deal it was , you know GQ fine and , if from No big deal I hear , he was the one , or his campaign bought the your campaign TRUMP it to the super PAC TRUMP That super PAC is friendly to the rights Cruz . He started it . the super PAC the super PAC . KARL : This rumor mongering Ted Cruz the rights this kind of thing just be off limits ? Do you condemn this story ? TRUMP : I do n’t care . I mean , really , I do n’t care . The National Enquirer did a story . It was their story . Not my story . It was about Ted The National Enquirer . a story idea whether a story or not . Ted Cruz a good record of being right . I said I hope it TRUMP not right . KARL :   Let ’s go back to the thing that started this all off . In fairness , this started with the super PAC ad featuring Melania . But in response   …      TRUMP : He ’s very close to the super PAC . I call him " Lyin’ Ted . " TRUMP call him that because nobody that I ’ve known , TRUMP ’ve known a lot tougher people over TRUMP years in business , I have never known anybody that lied like Ted Cruz . KARL : Let me ask you . In response , you said in that tweet that you would spill the beans on Heidi Cruz . what did you mean by that ? Spill what beans ? TRUMP : There Ted Cruz about Heidi that I do n’t want the talk about the beans on Heidi Cruz I ’m not going the talk about them . You could look . but , I would n’t talk about them . KARL : What really set Cruz off was when you retweeted that photo . That unflattering photo them KARL Cruz . TRUMP : Ted Cruz , it was a retweet somebody sent to me that photo , TRUMP he did was far worse . He takes out a thing and sends it to Utah , it voters of Utah . It was a cover shoot . It was , he a big magazine . She was a thing very , very successful model . Utah model . Did lots of shoots , It shoots . To send it like it was a bad picture was disgusting to me . They make me like the bad guy here . I ’m just responding Big model what Big model does . I respond . I counter punch . I ’m responding to what he does . The press likes to make me the the bad guy guy . He ’s the one that started it . ’m knew about what he does He may have even bought the rights to the picture , the bad guy his campaign . The super PAC had the bad guy . He a bad picture to the the bad guy PAC . I did n’t start this a bad picture did . Follow the bad guy Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 the bad guy the bad guy The super PAC The super PAC The super PAC 