’   ’ ’    Donald Trump topped Hillary Clinton in     released on Wednesday , carrying a lead over Donald Trump Democratic    opponent in Nevada , North Carolina , and Ohio . ’ ’    The polls were conducted in the three states , which are widely    considered to crucial to a Donald Trump victory , from Sunday until    Tuesday evening . ’ ’    In Nevada , Donald Trump held a    lead over Clinton among likely    voters in a    race that included Libertarian candidate    Gary Johnson . ’ ’    The Republican presidential candidate captured 43 % of support in    the Silver State , compared to Clinton 40 % and Johnson Libertarian candidate   Gary Johnson 8 % . The    remaining 4 % of Nevada voters were undecided . ’ ’    In North Carolina , Trump was up by 5 points , leading Clinton Clinton by 45 % to 40 % . Johnson Libertarian candidate   Gary Johnson away with 6 % of support in the Tar    Heel State . ’ ’’ ’    And in Ohio , Trump Trump found favorable results . The Trump a    lead over Clinton Clinton earning 42 % of    support compared to her 37 % Trump a    poll that included    Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein . ’ ’    Each of the three Fox News polls had a margin of error of 3 . 5    percentage points . ’ ’    Those surveys came the same day other polling firms released    results from New Hampshire and Wisconsin that found less    favorable results for the    magnate . ’ ’    In the Granite State , Clinton edged out Trump 47 % to 38 % among    registered voters , according to a Monmouth University poll . It    had a Monmouth University poll margin of error of 4 . 9 percentage points . ’ ’    Clinton had less Clinton a lead , however , in Wisconsin , a state that    has voted Democratic in every presidential election since 1984 .    Marquette Law    ’s Wednesday poll found she was only Clinton    Trump by 43 % to 38 % among surveyed registered voters . That poll    Marquette Law School’s Wednesday poll of error of 4 . 8 percentage points . ’ ’    Nationwide , Clinton held a significant lead over Trump     having a      Trump him in a      race . Clinton ’    The polls come with only days to go until the first presidential    debate . Clinton and Trump are set to Clinton off   Trump Monday at    Hofstra University in New York . ’ 
 