Did you ever think you ’d live to see anchor babies discussed on TV every night ?    visas replacing American workers ? Illegal alien murderers ? Mexican rapists ? [ Could you ever have imagined that instead of Republicans weeping over illegal aliens " living in the shadows , " we ’d see Republicans assailing one another for having once supported amnesty ?   It ’s all Trump . Everything we ’ve been begging politicians to talk about for the past decade , all Trump has brought up with a roar . But the conservative Miss Grundys complain that Trump all Trump n’t satisfactory . They the conservative Miss Grundys he all Trump " not a serious person " he all Trump " a clown , " a " vulgarian " he all Trump not a " constitutional conservative "   —    you know , like the people who ignore the Constitution on " natural born citizen . " This is not an election about who can check off the most boxes on a conservative policy list , or even about who is the best or nicest person . This is an election about saving the concept of America , an existential election like no other has ever been . Anyone who does n’t grasp this is part of the problem , not part of the solution . The nitpickers are like the cartoon of Diogenes looking over the man before him the man and saying : " I was hoping for a taller honest man . " You ’re not getting a " taller honest man . " Trump Trump our only shot to save America America if there ’s still time . Only a TV reality show celebrity ,    brash billionaire , who is perfectly comfortable in front of a gaggle of microphones and loves to hit back , could do what Trump is doing . Until Trump Trump like a phoenix , Mitt Romney was the best we ever had on immigration . Close your eyes and try to imagine Romney Mitt Romney the things Trump Trump about immigration . It quickly becomes apparent why no one else could wage this campaign and survive the attacks   —    except Trump Trump After endless betrayals on immigration , including by half the current GOP field , I trust no one . But Trump Trump starting to convince me ! At the    Conservative Political Action Conference in March 2013   —    about the same time the Republican National Committee was paying $ 10 million for a report instructing the GOP to " embrace and champion comprehensive immigration reform "   —    there were only two speakers who opposed amnesty : moi   —    and Trump Trump ( And that was only because the organizers did n’t know what we were going to say , so they the organizers n’t stop us we ) Ted Cruz spoke at that CPAC . But not a word against amnesty . In more than a dozen tweets that year   —    the very year that Marco Rubio nearly destroyed the nation with his Marco Rubio bill , as the " conservative " media cheered him Marco Rubio   —    Trump repeatedly denounced the maniacal push for amnesty :   —    " Immigration reform is fine   —    but do n’t rush to give away our country ! Sounds like that ’s what ’s happening . " ( Jan. 30 , 2013 )   —    " Amnesty is suicide for Republicans . Not one of those 12 million who broke our This country will vote Republican . Obama is laughing at @GOP . " ( March 19 , 2013 )   —    " Now AP is banning the term ‘ illegal immigrants.’ What should we call them ? ‘ Americans’ ? ! This country ’s political press is amazing ! " ( April 3 , 2013 )   —    " TRUMP : IMMIGRATION BILL A REPUBLICAN ‘ DEATH WISH’ " bit .   via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1 ( June 4 , 2013 ) Two years later , Trump "TRUMP: IMMIGRATION BILL A REPUBLICAN ‘DEATH WISH’" bit.   he "TRUMP: IMMIGRATION BILL A REPUBLICAN ‘DEATH WISH’" bit.   running for president in a speech about " Mexican rapists , " pledging to deport illegal aliens and build a wall . That a speech about "Mexican rapists the biggest    bombshell since Sen. Joe McCarthy waved the list of 57 ( not 206 ) Communists at the Wheeling , West Virginia , Lincoln Day Dinner in 1950 . McCarthy bought Sen. Joe McCarthy country another    of survival , and that ’s exactly what Trump is doing right now . Can you remember a single speech from any of the other candidates ? Quick : Within five , how many Republicans are still running for president ? Since that speech a single speech from any of the other candidates ’ve felt like I ’m dreaming . The networks are suddenly bristling with discussions of all the topics previously banned from television ( unless I sneaked it in during a segment on ISIS ) . Manifestly , the voters are solidly with Trump . Trump wonder the networks never The networks to be discussed . Trump did Trump propose a " virtual " wall , something " better than " a wall , a " " wall or any of the usual deflections that mean : open borders . He said Trump ’d Trump a wall . The more his Republican Trump claimed it could n’t be The , the more details Trump gave Trump the wall ’s precise a wall When Trump first Trump talking about anchor babies , the entire media needed smelling salts , leading to this exchange with ABC ’s Tom Llamas : LLAMAS : That ’s an offensive term . People find that hurtful . TRUMP : Trump mean it ’s not politically correct and yet everybody uses it . LLAMAS : Look it up in the dictionary it it ’s offensive . TRUMP it Trump ’ll use the word anchor baby . Excuse me , I ’ll use the word anchor baby . the word anchor baby " anchor baby . " It turns out that if Republicans do n’t immediately go prostrate and apologize for failing to adhere to the Nation magazine ’s stylebook , the word police do n’t have a " Plan B. " After San Bernardino , Trump proposed Trump temporary ban on Muslim immigration , and the media reacted as if he ’d Trump two planes into the World Trade Center . He did Trump budge . It turned out that no one who is not a sanctimonious douche was offended . Trump keeps Trump these things   —    and he ’s Trump exactly getting kudos from the media . ( Except on my webpage the media he ’s Trump huge hit ! ) He ’s Trump backed down . I ’m beginning to think he believes Trump he says Trump Maybe it ’s time to stop believing what the " conservative " media says . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 