While admitting that Donald Trump did " mediocre " and Hillary Clinton " had an edge " at Monday night ’s presidential debate , Democratic pollster Pat Caddell told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow Tuesday , " What was interesting is Donald Trump really helped Donald Trump . " [ Democratic pollster Pat Caddell was referring to a detailed    poll also featured by Breitbart News . " First of all ,    percent of the people who watched the debate and we had    of almost 900 interviews , said   percent of the people who watched the debate and we had   of almost 900 interviews did n’t change   percent of the people who watched the debate and we had   of almost 900 interviews minds . Of the small number of people who did , Donald Trump ended up with a slight advantage among undecideds to Donald Trump . But more importantly , " continued Caddell , " and this is what does matter    in debates , is how you deal with the challenges and impressions you have . "   Caddell said based on the polling , Trump " actually topped Hillary Clinton " on who was seen as plausible as president . " That was his great test , " said Caddell , " that his stand there and be seen most of all as plausible as president . his was preferred over Hillary Clinton by four points . " Caddell acknowledged that Hillary Clinton won on " issues " however , Trump won on both who was seen as a strong leader " by four or five points , " and " on who was most honest , Caddell won that 49   —    42 , by seven points . " Trump also beat Hillary Clinton by four points on the question of who cares about people like me , according to Caddell . There ’s more on the poll available here : Pat Caddell , the Democratic pollster and Fox News insider , told Breitbart News that poll respondents said Hillary Clinton performed better at the debate 48 percent said Hillary Clinton did a better job , compared to 43 percent , who said Trump did the better job . " However , 95 percent of the people we contacted told we 95 percent of the people we contacted were not going to change 95 percent of the people we contacted vote based on the debate , " Caddell said . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. EST . LISTEN : 
 