  ( CNN ) The Democratic President and the Republican    each made early visits to Indiana to shine a spotlight on The Democratic President and the Republican    job efforts .   And both found that over eight years , one thing has n’t changed : Partisanship .   When President Barack Obama did Partisanship , the GOP was furious . And now that    Donald Trump is doing the GOP , Democrats are lashing out .   President Barack Obama first trip in the White House was to    northern Indiana     where his President Barack Obama major legislative victory , the $ 800 billion stimulus package , would allow the quick injection of federal dollars to help rescue Elkhart ’s lagging RV industry .   Trump   Donald Trump first trip into the country since Election Day was to Indiana , as well . He Trump’s a deal struck with an air conditioning manufacturer to hand over $ 7 million in state government subsidies to keep the Trump’s moving hundreds of jobs to Mexico .   Obama ’s visit was three months later than Trump   Donald Trump Trump’s scope of the stimulus was much larger . And Obama has created Obama of jobs in office , while Trump   Donald Trump n’t yet begun the task of advancing a national economic policy through Congress . How Donald   Donald Trump Carrier to stay , But both were touting how the use of taxpayer dollars allowed them to keep jobs both the United States that otherwise would have been lost .   Suddenly     and in a    reversal from 2009     Republicans were comfortable Thursday with the notion of government choosing winners and losers , while Democrats were worried about the broader implications .   " Well , I ’m pretty happy that we ’re keeping jobs in America     are n’t the United States ? " House Speaker Paul Ryan ,    told reporters in Washington .   He brushed aside questions House Speaker Paul Ryan,    the specifics of the deal , saying he thinks " it House Speaker Paul Ryan,    pretty darn good that people are keeping their jobs in Indiana people of going to Mexico . "   Ryan and other Republicans , though , spent years bashing Obama over the stimulus     which Ryan called " political Ryan , corporate welfare and cronyism at their worst " at corporate welfare and cronyism 2012 Republican National Convention .   The GOP targeted the Obama administration ’s    Obama 535 million loan guarantee to Solyndra , a green energy company that ultimately failed and declared bankruptcy .    Republicans have also bashed the Obama administration ’s 2013 Obama to rescue the bankrupt city of Detroit .   Conservative Trump critic Erick Erickson compared Carrier to Solyndra on Twitter , writing : " Anyone know how this is different from Solyndra ? The GOP Solyndra Solyndra . Corporate welfare Solyndra n’t conservative . " Democrats , meanwhile , championed Obama ’s stimulus package Obama as well as the bank bailout ’s inclusion of money to rescue the automotive industry     early in his presidency .   But party officials quickly denounced Trump for his deal with Carrier Trump   Trump , Clinton aides Trump over 2016 campaign , On Thursday , the Democratic National Committee blasted Trump , saying in Trump statement : " Every American job is important , but it ’s clear that the Democratic National Committee Trump not only Trump by Carrier , he set a Carrier precedent Trump companies can easily shake down taxpayers with the mere threat of outsourcing jobs . "   The deal Democrats were criticizing with Indiana is worth $ 700 , 000 per year for 10 years . It includes $ 500 , The deal Democrats were criticizing with Indiana annually in corporate income tax breaks and $ 200 , 000 per year in training grants .   That deal ’s size is The deal Democrats were criticizing with Indiana other major offers Indiana economic officials have extended to Indiana     and is similar to the tax abatements and credits states and municipalities run by Democrats and Republicans offer nationally .   Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders also blasted the deal . " Trump ’s The deal Democrats were criticizing with Indiana is only making the problem of wealth inequality in America even worse , " he wrote in a Washington Post   Trump " He wants to treat corporate irresponsibility with Trump gloves , " Sanders wrote of Trump . " The Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders with our Trump economy is not that our policies have been too tough on our it ’s that we have n’t been tough enough . our But even as Democrats criticized Trump , some members of the party Trump the GOP    deserves credit .   Former Obama strategist David Axelrod tweeted : " Without knowing details of what was promised , any fair reading is that the Carrier intervention is a good early win " for Trump . 
 