’   ’ ’    On Tuesday , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer introduced a      $ 1 trillion infrastructure building plan   —    one that    seems to jibe with the kind of investment President Donald Trump    talked about on the campaign trail . ’ ’   ’ ’    Sounds good , right ? The President and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer opposition agree on    something . Should be easy for Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer to rally Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer party behind this    and get something done . ’ "    Wrong . With infrastructure , the devil is in the details . And the details are not only about what gets built   but also ( and    more importantly for our purposes ) how it ’s paid for , and there ’s    a lot of disagreement between Democrats , congressional    Republicans , and President Trump on that . " "    In his announcement Schumer Schumer said that a spending bill that    depends on tax credits and    partnerships    spur    private investment in infrastructure would not be acceptable to    Democrats . And , ladies and gentleman , that ’s basically the only    kind of financing Trump talks about in his plan Schumer which , to be    fair , seems unfinished and lacks a lot of important details ) . " "    Republicans , on the other hand , have already started dismissing    Trump    ideas on infrastructure overall . As early as December ,    Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell he hoped Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell   " ’   ’ ’    Well , yes . Any expert will tell you that all infrastructure is    eventually paid for one way or another . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " All kinds of things have to be fixed if we’’re going to be a    truly competitive economy , " Ross said . ’ ’    So you can see how this is already delicate , especially for a    Washington outsider like Trump . Congressional Republicans   —    his    allies   —     don’’t have a plan , and don’’t really seem to want    one    Schumer has one the Republicans will hate , and Trump has Trump    plan beyond " okay , here’ ’s some stuff we should build . " ’ "    Meanwhile , as Morgan Stanley pointed out in a note recently ,     Trump seems Trump be    putting    tough political fights before infrastructure . First    there    repealing Obamacare , then there ’s something Republicans    actually    , tax reform . The latter is already turning into a    dog fight . " ’    " Tax reform is not a given , " Morgan Stanley’ ’s Michael Zezas wrote    this    . " ... there ’s rising risk that it becomes this week    damage of the debate over how to repeal the Affordable Care Act    ( ACA , or ‘ Obamacare’ ) . Rising displeasure among Republicans about    the risk of increasing the uninsured if they repeal increasing the uninsured without    immediately replacing it risks    this legislative process ,    and    reform as a consequence . " ’ ’    Infrastructure is likely to come only after the dust settles    from    those battles , unless Schumer really knows how to blow    it up    Regardless , this is in no way going to be a breeze . ’ " Listen to BI ’s Linette Lopez and Josh Barro talk about how    infrastructure projects go wrong on their podcast BI’s Linette Lopez and Josh Barro   " ’ ’ ’      ’ 
 