Philadelphia ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s super PAC wo n’t air any local ads in Virginia , Colorado and Pennsylvania from September 2 to 20 , according a Priorities USA spokesman , citing strong poll numbers for Hillary Clinton in those states . This move , which is meant to both save money and signal confidence , extends suspensions in advertising in Colorado and Virginia and adds Pennsylvania to that list . And it could always be amended if the super PAC felt it was necessary . " We know , at the moment , these are tough states for Donald Trump and there is n’t as much of a need for We to air ads there , " said Justin Barasky , a Priorities USA spokesman , who added that the group has no plans to expand the group battleground map before Labor Day . Polls show Clinton with healthy leads in Colorado , Virginia and Pennsylvania . A recent NBC    Street    poll found Clinton up 13 points in Virginia 46 % to 33 % up 14 points in Colorado     46 % to 32 % and up 11 points in Pennsylvania     48 % to 37 % . Priorities decided earlier this month to go dark in certain markets in Virginia Virginia Colorado , but said at the time that they Priorities go back on the air on August 16 . With polls going Clinton ’s way , the Priorities against doing that , and added Pennsylvania to their list Priorities states they will Priorities dark in . This decision , one Priorities adviser said , does not mean the group Priorities dark in the states through states . According to the adviser , the one Priorities adviser still to start airing ads in Colorado , Virginia and Pennsylvania starting on September 20 . The money the group is Priorities going dark in three states will move it to other activities Priorities like turnout and expanding the party in battle group states . " We have no plans to expand before Labor Day but we are certainly looking at those We , " Barasky said battle group states and Georgia . " We are looking at those states , we are looking at battle group states others . We does n’t mean we are going to go up in either We them . " 
 a few others 