Washington ( CNN ) White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and Attorney General Jeff Sessions recommended Sen. John Cornyn for the FBI director position last weekend , two Republicans familiar with the process told CNN Wednesday .   One source said that Trump favored Cornyn for the post . The President called Sen. John Cornyn to discuss the FBI director position twice , including after Sen. John Cornyn passed up the job . Cornyn , who the officials say was intrigued by the idea and initially interested , ultimately withdrew from consideration   after a number of his The President said they Cornyn, who the officials say was intrigued by the idea and initially interested Trump Trump shy away from picking a GOP politician . Trump Trump meeting Wednesday afternoon with four FBI director candidates , just as he Trump facing fresh questions over his Trump of former director James Comey . Among the four FBI director candidates Trump Trump meet with 2000 Democratic vice presidential     Joe Lieberman , a former senator who supported Republican Sen. John McCain in the 2008 presidential election . Trump Trump also meet with acting FBI FBI Andrew McCabe , former Oklahoma Gov. Frank Keating and Richard McFeely , a career FBI official who retired in 2014 as head of the Criminal , Cyber , Response and Services branch . Lieberman told CNN the appointment " was not sought after or expected , " but that he got Lieberman call Tuesday asking him to Lieberman into Washington for the interview . Keating , Keating the White House with a smile on Wednesday . " We had a good conversation , " Keating told reporters . Asked if he would Lieberman the job Keating offered , he said Lieberman he liked Lieberman service .   The meetings come a day after news broke that Trump allegedly asked Comey in February to drop the FBI ’s investigation into his former national security adviser Michael Flynn . " I hope you can see your way clear to Comey this go , " Trump told Comey , according to a memo Comey wrote at the time , excerpts of which leaked Trump reporters Comey Tuesday . The memo only Comey to the furor surrounding Trump ’s sudden and controversial firing of Comey last week a memo Comey wrote at the time, excerpts of which leaked to reporters on Tuesday came amid the FBI ’s intensifying Trump into Russian interference in the 2016 Comey and Trump campaign associates’ potential collusion with Moscow officials . That firing has sparked heated questions from members of Trump in both parties who have called for a closer sudden and controversial firing of Comey last week, which came amid the FBI’s intensifying probe into Russian interference in the 2016 campaign and Trump campaign associates’ potential collusion with Moscow officials why Comey was fired and whether it was tied to the Russia investigation . Comey is expected to testify before the House Oversight Committee next Wednesday . Lieberman ’s selection could be controversial and Comey he was for a time a Democrat , his exit from the party and eventual support for McCain in 2008 Lieberman caused many Democrats to sour on their Lieberman ’s 2000 vice presidential nominee . One Senate Democratic leadership aide responded to the news by saying , many Democrats There could n’t be worse time to take the unprecedented step of handing the FBI over to a politician . That includes Sen. Lieberman . " 
 