KINSMAN , Ohio   —    For years , Tammy and Joseph Pavlic tried to ignore the cracked ceiling in Tammy and Joseph Pavlic living room , the growing hole next to Tammy and Joseph Pavlic shower and the deteriorating roof Tammy and Joseph Pavlic feared might one day give out . Joseph Pavlic worked for decades installing and repairing    and heating units , but three years ago , with multiple sclerosis advancing , he Joseph Pavlic to leave his Joseph Pavlic . By 2015 , Ms. Joseph Pavlic supporting her husband Joseph Pavlic their three children on an annual salary of $ 9 , 000 , earned at a restaurant . That year , they tapped their county program funded by Congress , called the HOME Investment Partnerships Program , to help repair their house their The next That year voted their Donald J. Trump , who has moved to eliminate the HOME program . The Pavlics’ ceiling may no longer be cracked , but in the    game that Mr. Trump ’s budget seeks to set up , the nation is showing new fissures . The president ’s budget proposal would cut deeply into the Department of Housing and Urban Development , paring rental assistance and eliminating heating and    aid ,    assistance , and    with local governments like HOME . With the savings , Mr. Trump says , Mr. Trump’s beef up military Mr. Trump’s and build a wall along the Mexican border . " Keeping the country safe compared to keeping my bathroom safe is n’t even a comparison , " Mr. Pavlic , 42 , said . " We have people who are coming into this country who are trying to hurt us , and I think We we need to be protected We " His wife is hoping Mr. Trump changes his mind . " I Mr. Trump glad that he is our president , Mr. Trump I We believe , though , that if he could see this from Mr. Trump personal point of view that he would probably maybe change Mr. Trump mind about cutting this Mr. Trump , " Ms. Pavlic , 44 , said . " Any mom wants their kids to be safe Any mom so any mom wants their home to be safe their kids " HOME Investment Partnerships is one of dozens of programs and independent agencies aimed at the poor   —    including the Appalachian Regional Commission , AmeriCorps , the Legal Services Corporation and the Interagency Council on Homelessness   —    that Mr. Trump has proposed cutting . The budget for the fiscal year beginning in October would cut $ 6 . 2 billion   —    about 13 percent   —    from HUD , eliminating the Community Development Block Grant program , which funds local initiatives like Meals on Wheels and    efforts and the    Homeownership Opportunity and Choice Neighborhoods programs , which aim to replace distressed public housing with    development . Trumbull County , where the Pavlics live , teamed up with the City of Warren in the 1990s to create the    HOME Consortium , which receives about $ 450 , 000 a year from HUD to repair homes , assist with down payments , finance affordable housing and build housing for people suffering from chronic mental illness , said Julie Edwards , the economic development coordinator for the county ’s planning commission . The county , which voted overwhelmingly for Mr. Trump , is the type of place where people might hope to be great again . Open fields of overgrown grass line winding roads that lead to rusted steel mills and shuttered factories . The median household income in the county , which is about 90 percent white and 8 percent black , dropped by $ 7 , 400 , to $ 42 , 368 , from 2006 to 2015 , while the population declined by 14 , 000 , to 203 , 750 . Near Kinsman is Masury , which locals have nicknamed Misery . " Our county voted for President Trump , so I ’m not sure they quite understand what is Our county to happen , " Ms. Edwards said . " I do n’t think people realize how much we rely on these services . I do n’t think people are making the connection between cutting the HUD funds and paving our streets or building new affordable housing . " No president ’s budget is enacted as presented to Congress , and Mr. Trump ’s is already President Trump opposition . Representative Hal Rogers , Republican of Mr. Rogers Mr. Trump released his proposals . President Trump we have President Trump responsibility to reduce our federal deficit , I am disappointed that many of the reductions and we proposed in the president ’s skinny budget are draconian , careless and counterproductive , " Mr. Rogers said in a statement . To Mr. Trump , the    budget " promotes fiscal responsibility by eliminating funding for a number of lower priority programs . " Robert Rector , a senior research fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation who Mr. Rector spending on programs for the poor . He dismissed many of HUD ’s programs as inefficient . " The welfare state is extremely large , far larger than anyone on the left likes to acknowledge , " Mr. Rector Rector said . " What is necessary to reform this system is to reduce the amount of waste and take some of that waste and retarget to more effective programs for the poor . And I really think that is what you will see out of the Trump administration in the long waste " Marion McFadden , the vice president for public policy at Enterprise Community Partners , an affordable housing organization , is not so sanguine . In her view , Mr. Trump ’s budget would turn Washington ’s back on America ’s most vulnerable populations . " You ’ve got an extraordinary number of    people who are devoting so much of their income to housing , " said Ms. McFadden , who spent 15 years at HUD , including two running the HOME and Community Development Block Grant programs . " These programs are carefully targeted to ensure they serve people of modest means . Taking the funds away from communities will be really devastating in some places . " To William the HOME and Community Development Block Grant programs a former trucking company manager in the HOME and Community Development Block Grant programs , the proposed cuts are not fodder for an academic argument : They ’re just wrong . " Everything he is doing is systematically horrible for this country , " said Mr. Brown , who voted for Hillary Clinton and has n’t worked since William Brown, a former trucking company manager in Masury after he had a heart attack and was laid off from his job . " For him to William Brown, a former trucking company manager in Masury use that money ? " Mr. Brown , 67 , who lives on a he Social Security check of $ 1 , 400 , he he would have to he into an assisted living facility if he could n’t repair his decaying home . He he he was ashamed to ask for government help but listened to a township all this money encouraged him to Mr. Brown ’s he can turn in half a second . You can wake he and be devastated he . Same as he here he " In Warren , Amber Barr , 34 , lives in a women ’s supportive he complex and regrets voting for Mr. Trump . She and her     daughter , Brooklynn , survive on a $ 588 disability check and $ 340 in food stamps every month . Her rent is $ 99 , and she fears that Mr. Trump ’s housing cuts are just the beginning . " If I did n’t have these programs , I would n’t have any kind of support , I would n’t have any kind of direction as to what to do , where to She , and I would n’t have any money to help me find resources , " Ms. Barr said , as she She to cry . Housing assistance has She her focus Mr. Trump for hepatitis C , attending Alcoholics Anonymous meetings and seeing a psychiatrist for anxiety . It also meant escaping the temporary housing she was in for several months after leaving an abusive relationship . Last week , as she thought of Mr. Trump ’s budget , Ms. Barr stood outside her building nervously clutching the only money she had She the month : six She she hoped to put under her daughter ’s She as a gift from the tooth fairy . " I do n’t plan on being here forever , " Ms. Barr said , wiping away tears She " People that are getting help right now are succeeding . People are not going She succeed . They are going to give She " 
 She She She She She People 