Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama delivered a mandate to Democrats on Wednesday : " Do n’t rescue " Republicans on Obamacare . Less than three weeks out from leaving the White House , President Barack Obama visited Democratic lawmakers on Capitol Hill with a mission to save President Barack Obama signature healthcare reform law as Republicans are moving quickly to unroll the Affordable Care Act . In the    meeting , President Barack Obama urged fellow Democrats to not " rescue " Republicans by helping them Republicans replacement measures , according to sources in the room .   He President Barack Obama floated this idea : Start referring to the GOP ’s new plan as " Trumpcare . "   The suggestion was a clear indication of the Democratic Party ’s goal of turning the tables on Republicans , who are already facing pressure to quickly craft a replacement bill .   As he walked by a scrum of reporters , Obama would only say this about the the Democratic Party’s : " Look out for the American people . " After the meeting , a White House aide said Obama used " Trumpcare Obama as an indication he was open to a White House aide taking credit for improvements .   The feisty remarks from the outgoing President came as Republicans also huddled on Capitol Hill Wednesday morning to chart their path forward repealing Republicans . Vice    Mike Pence visited with GOP lawmakers in what became a morning of dueling meetings on Day Two of the new Congress . Pence told reporters following Vice   Mike Pence meeting : " Make no mistake about it : We ’re the meeting to keep our promise to the We people     we ’re going to We Obamacare and replace it with solutions that Obamacare the cost of health insurance without growing the size of government . " The public theater of the simultaneous meetings Wednesday was the clearest indication in the new year that Obamacare will be an Obamacare and deeply contentious political fight under the next president , Donald Trump . With Republicans about to control the House , Senate and the White House , Democrats are strategizing on ways to pressure the GOP against rolling back the law     and ensuring the Republicans are held responsible for any disruptions in health coverage . ( Following their meeting , Democratic lawmakers started to push the phrase : " Make America Sick Again "     a play on Trump ’s campaign slogan , " Make America Great Again . America Republicans , meanwhile , have the massive task of figuring out how to replace what they repeal . Republican Republicans leaving the meeting with Pence said the gathering felt like a " pep rally " but that there were not many policy details discussed . According to GOP Rep. Chris Collins , the party is eyeing GOP of crafting a replacement proposal in six months . Pence , who was a congressman before serving as Indiana ’s governor , recalled his time in the House and accused Democrats of breaking the promises made at the time .   " his time in the House is that I was here in March of 2010 in another capacity when Obamacare was signed into law , " Pence said alongside other GOP leaders including House Speaker Paul Ryan . " the House remember all those promises . We were told that if you like your doctor , you can keep it . Not true . " your doctor Ryan and Pence promised a " House Speaker Paul Ryan " Pence of the law , trying to assuage concerns that a straight repeal of Obamacare would leave many including those with    conditions without healthcare .   The benefits of Obamacare was something the President emphasized Obamacare his meeting with Democrats , according the President Rep. Maxine Waters , and argued that the country largely likes the law and that he has received countless letters thanking the President for Obamacare . Another lawmaker the President the Obamacare said the mood among Democrats was " fired up . "   " In two weeks I will no longer be a politician , but I ’ll still be a citizen . I envy you so much right now , because I would love to be on the field , " Obama said , according to the member . Too partisan ? Some lawmakers on Tuesday questioned the wisdom of planning clashing meetings , each designed to advance a partisan agenda . " Any type of a meeting that we have that ’s not bipartisan is not in the proper scheme of things of starting out the new year , " said Sen. Joe Manchin , the moderate Democrat from West Virginia , who said he would skip the Obama meeting . " It ’s just not a good situation for us to be in . So we Mr. Pence is coming up here only to speak to Republicans and President Obama ’s coming here only Obama to Democrats , I would be concerned about that . Because I do n’t know how you change anything     how do you change anything unless we all come together ? " Republicans have long vowed to get rid of Obamacare , voting on dozens of measures that would repeal the law . Those attempts were largely theatre there was never a scenario in which Obama himself would approve the repeal of Obama landmark legislative accomplishment .   Trump Obama getting rid of the law a key element of his campaign the law He said on Twitter Tuesday Trump Obamacare provided " Trump healthcare . " With Trump headed for the Oval Office , and Republicans Trump both houses of Congress , the prospects for a successful repeal now appear more realistic . On Tuesday , Senate Republicans took their first steps toward Tuesday Obamacare , filing a Senate Republicans resolution reversing key elements of the law . There remain divisions , however , on which precise elements of the law to scrap , and how to replace the law a law that does n’t strip Americans of their health insurance . Sen. Rand Paul ,    wrote Americans an    Tuesday that lawmakers should n’t vote on repealing Obamacare until a replacement plan was developed . " If Congress fails to vote on a replacement at the same time as repeal , the repealers risk assuming the blame for the continued unraveling of Obamacare . For mark my words , Obamacare will continue to unravel and wreak havoc for years Obamacare come , " he wrote .    And Trump ’s campaign manager Kellyanne Obamacare , who ’s been tapped to serve as his senior counselor at the White House , said Tuesday Obamacare passing repeal and replacement measures simultaneously would be " the ideal situation . " " We do n’t want anyone who currently has insurance to not have insurance , " Conway said on MSNBC , adding there " are some Obamacare of merit in the current plan . " 
 