  ( CNN ) Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte marked the week leading to Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte first 100 days in office with renewed attacks on Philippines ’s alliance with the United States . The most recent of his Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte daily outbursts came during a series of speeches given in Manila . Duterte Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte " I will break up with America the United States in response to an alleged refusal by Washington to not sell weaponry to the Philippines . Russia and China , Duterte Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte , had both Russia and China to provide weaponry should the Philippines the Philippines it Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte Philippines’ war on drugs , Duterte Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte stock with the US government can not fall much further . Immediately after coming to power Duterte Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte a wave of extrajudicial killings in pursuit of his Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte on drug dealers and addicts . Amid the international condemnation for these killings , Duterte has Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte himself to Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte and indicating he would Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte kill more . Duterte has Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte the US Ambassador to Manila Philip Goldberg , calling him a Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte gay son of a bitch , " and has directed vulgar language at President Barack Obama and said that he can Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte go to hell . " Despite the reassurance from White House press secretary Josh Earnest that the    alliance remains strong , Duterte ’s continued extreme actions and language pose a real and growing risk to the alliance the   alliance Even as it stands at the moment , serious questions need to be asked of the reliability of the Philippines both as an alliance partner and as a partner in the promotion of the values of democracy and good governance that the US seeks to defend in the region . The real danger , however , is if Duterte makes good on his threat to Duterte toward Moscow or Beijing . Were this to happen , the US security posture in East Asia would be dangerously weakened . A Philippines falling within the orbit of Beijing or Moscow Beijing undermine Moscow US ’s ability to defend freedom of navigation in the South China Sea . At the moment , the US and the Philippines undertake Philippines in the region , and as recently as April 2016 , before Duterte ’s assumption of the presidency , had signed an enhanced alliance agreement that saw the basing of US aircraft at Clark Air Base , joint training exercises and the release of US funding to support military infrastructure enhancements . Duterte has indicated he Duterte to review Duterte these agreements . Duterte ’s move away Duterte US would also embolden China . On July 12 , less than two weeks after Duterte came to power , Duterte Permanent Court of Arbitration released a damning verdict on Chinese claims in the South China Sea in support of a Filipino submission , sweeping aside all of China ’s justifications China of China and in other China creation of , the small atolls that dot the South China Sea in disregard of the South China Sea .   South China Sea : China building more islands ? Yet Duterte China almost completely disinterested in this victory , more concerned with using China as a way to avoid isolation China he insults the US than as a threat to Filipino Duterte . A Philippines unwilling to pursue its claims in the region , claims that support the A Philippines position , is a Philippines working to the advantage not of its supposed ally Philippines of its ally ’s most significant A Philippines . We can sketch its supposed ally for the    relationship depending on the outcome of the US election . Duterte , a crude populist , parallels Republican nominee Donald Trump . Yet despite these similarities , a Trump presidency would likely worsen , and worsen rapidly , the Republican nominee Donald Trump of continued    cooperation . We can be confident that Trump would not respond with the cool detachment of Obama to Republican nominee Donald Trump tirade of slurs thrown in his direction , especially given Trump ’s skepticism of the value Republican nominee Donald Trump existing alliances which he Republican nominee Donald Trump as not working in the US interest .   Two    are not good news for stable diplomatic relations , and it is unlikely that Trump would accept that the strategic benefit of a    close Republican nominee Donald Trump between Washington and Manila outweigh the    costs of Duterte ’s diplomatic affronts . Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton would provide a far more traditional take on the    relationship . Her victory would likely see a continued effort from Washington to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , as Obama has , the    alignment Washington shared interests and the deep and warm relationship between the two countries that go beyond the personalities in power .   Clinton may be seen as more hawkish than Obama , but Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is also a seasoned diplomat who can Obama insults in Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton stride in pursuit of a longer term vision . With Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton eyes set on China , Clinton will be far more Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton with maintaining the US position Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton it currently stands a series of close security relationships with the states along China ’s coastline . It remains unclear whether Duterte will follow China his threats , it so his ultimate foreign policy agenda remains unclear Duterte A Duterte of hot Duterte but little action will be an irritation to the US position , whilst a Duterte who matches words with actions will be a far greater danger and American policy towards the Philippines should work toward preventing the latter whilst accepting the former . 
 