Monday on CNN ’s " Newsroom , " while discussing a protest at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s rally in Virginia today , former speechwriter Nixon and Ford speechwriter , actor and author Ben Stein said while Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s is " not racist , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s is a " cult figure " that is " terrifying " and " will be a disaster . " However , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s added it is too late and Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton ca n’t beat Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s .   author Ben Stein said , " I will say with with regard to the Black Lives Matter demonstration at Radford University , every single time these guys shout " Black Lives Matter , " that ’s 1 , 000 more votes for Donald Trump . Donald Trump is no racist . It ’s a ridiculous thing to call him Donald Trump    racist . Every time they shout and interrupt him Donald Trump it It white people want to vote for him Donald Trump I suspect . I do n’t know . I have n’t polled anyone . George Wallace used to say every   —   and George George Wallace a big segregationist , he said George Wallace every time you interrupt me , that ’s 100 , 000 more votes for him . George Wallace this point , I do n’t think Donald Trump can be stopped and I think these demonstrators have pushed him into Donald Trump commanding    position . " When asked what this means for Republican Party in four years , Stein said , " Terrifying . Terrifying . Very , very upsetting . But the party Republican Party culturally . The party has Republican Party be not the party that it used to be Republican Party I ’ll still support it of course . Republican Party it will be a Republican Party . I ’m very scared of Mr. Trump Donald Trump ’m terrified of him   … Donald Trump is a real Donald Trump figure . He is the voice Donald Trump George Wallace of our era without being a racist .   He is the voice Donald Trump the ordinary citizen standing in line at the Walmart . And he is going to Donald Trump a figure to be reckoned with . I ’m not even sure Hillary can beat him . He is Donald Trump voice Donald Trump the unspoken unwashed voice of the people coming down from the hollers and they are very angry . " the people Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 