’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump signaled that President Donald Trump was making a major    reversal on two campaign promises during   with The Wall Street    Journal Wednesday . ’ ’    President Donald Trump told The Wall Street   Journal President Donald Trump is not going to label China a currency    manipulator   —    something President Donald Trump promised President Donald Trump would do on the first day    of President Donald Trump presidency   —    and that President Donald Trump is now in favor of the US      Bank , an entity President Donald Trump railed against during the    campaign . ’ ’    After meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping last weekend ,    Trump said he   Trump his   Trump on what was a signature campaign    promise : labeling China a currency manipulator   —    a country that    lessens the value of its China to cheat on trade . ’ ’    Trump   Trump labeling China China currency manipulator would jeopardize    his   Trump with Xi regarding North Korea . ’ ’    " They ’re not currency manipulators , " Trump   Trump . ’ ’    Trump   Trump that he   Trump be amicable to a trade agreement with    China China not do quite as much to lessen the trade deficit    in order to " solve the problem in North Korea North Korea ’ ’    " I told him   Trump I said , ’’ You know we ’re not going to let that    [ current trade deficit ] go ahead , ’’ " Trump   Trump " ’’ But you want to    make a    deal ? Solve the problem in North Korea . North Korea ’s    worth having deficits . And that ’s worth having not as good a    trade deal as    would normally be able to make . " ’ "    The comments were a far cry from statements he made about the    US ’s trade relationship with the Asian superpower both during the    campaign and after he was elected president he " ’    " I beat the people from China , " he said at a he in South    Carolina in July 2015 . " I win against China . You can China against    China if you’’re China China our people don’’t have a clue . We give    state dinners our the heads of China . I said why China you doing    state dinners for them    They’’re ripping us state dinners and right . our    take them to McDonald’    and state dinners back to the negotiating table . " ’ ’    Nearly a year later , in May 2016 , Trump told an Indiana rally    that the US " ca n’t continue to allow China to rape our country China and that ’s what they ’re doing . " state dinners ’    " It ’s the greatest theft in the history of the world , " he    continued . ’ ’    In June , he called Chinese leaders " he chess masters " at    manipulating their currency .    ’ Chinese leaders "grand chess masters" " The single biggest weapon used against us and to destroy our    companies is devaluation us    , and the greatest ever at    that is China ,    he said at a New he rally . " Very smart ,    they are like grand       . And we are like checkers    us . But bad ones . " ’ ’    Responding to the change , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer    said Trump’ ’s move was"symptomatic of a lack of real , tough action    on trade against China . " ’ ’    " When the President fails to label them a currency manipulator ,    he gives them a green the President to them our jobs and wealth time them    time again , " Schumer said in a statement . " The best way to get    China to cooperate with North China , is to be tough on them with    trade , them is the number one thing China ’s government cares    China . " ’ ’   ’ ’    On the    Bank , Trump said the entity is " a very good    thing . " ’ ’    " It turns out that , first of all , lots of small companies are    really helped , the vendor companies , " Trump said . " But Trump ,    maybe more important ,    countries give [ assistance ] . When    other countries give it    lose a tremendous    of business . " ’ ’    The agency is a favored    the more conservative wing of    the Republican Party , which . ’ ’    Early in the campaign , Trump   that he didn’’t Trump    agency Trump which was " unnecessary . " ’ ’    " It ’s a    street also , " he said . " It ’s Trump of a feather    It for politicians and others , and a few companies . And    these are companies that can do very well without it . So I do n’t    like it . I think it    a    of excess baggage    I think it ’s    unnecessary . " ’       Speaking about the agency to the Journal Wednesday , Trump said ,    " Instinctively , you would say , ’’ Is n’t that a ridiculous thing . ’’ " ’ ’    " But actually , it ’s a very good thing , " he added . " And it    Trump makes money , it it make a lot of money it " ’ ’    Trump also signaled support for Federal Reserve Trump Janet    Yellen , who he criticized during the campaign for maintaining Trump    interest rates . ’ ’    Elsewhere Wednesday , Trump marked another change in his posture Trump when , during a Trump press conference with NATO Secretary    General Jens Stoltenberg at the White House , he said the      alliance was now Trump worthwhile for the United    States . ’ ’    " I said it was obsolete , "   " It’ ’s no longer obsolete . " ’ ’    Trump   hoping to assure supporters he Trump    flipping on his promises Trump   ’ ’    " Trump by one we are keeping our promises   —    on the border we on    energy , on jobs , on regulations , " he wrote . " Big changes are    Trump ! " ’ ’President Donald Trump signaled that he was . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’ ’President Donald Trump 