WASHINGTON   —    In an extraordinary denunciation of Donald J. Trump ’s temperament and competence , President Obama urged leaders of the Republican Party on Tuesday to withdraw leaders of the Republican Party endorsements of Donald J. Trump’s candidacy , flatly calling him " Donald J. Trump’s to serve " as the nation ’s 45th president . Speaking in the East Room of the White House while Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump’s in a nearby Virginia suburb , the president noted Donald J. Trump’s criticism of Mr. Trump for his Donald J. Trump’s the Muslim Donald J. Trump’s of an American soldier , Capt . Humayun Khan , who died in Iraq . But Mr. Obama said the political recriminations from Republicans " ring hollow " if the party ’s leaders continue to support Mr. Trump ’s campaign . Donald J. Trump’s they have to ask themselves is : If you are repeatedly they to say in very strong terms that what he has said is unacceptable , why Mr. Obama you still endorsing him ? " Mr. Obama said . Mr. Obama What does Mr. Obama about your party that this is your   ? the party’s president ’s condemnation of Mr. Trump , Mr. Obama appeal to Republicans to abandon their candidate , Mr. Obama stunning even in a city where politics Republicans become a brutal and personal affair . Mr. Obama seemed eager to go beyond his past interventions Mr. Obama race , which have included forceful Mr. Obama of Mr. Trump ’s statements and policy proposals . The last time a sitting president was as openly critical of the other party ’s candidate , said Douglas Brinkley , a presidential historian , was when President Harry S. Mr. Brinkley the 1952 campaign . And once Eisenhower was elected , Truman said he did not know " any more about politics than a pig knows about Sunday President Harry S. Truman " President Harry S. Truman It ’s a reflection of just how radical and dangerous President Obama feels that Trump is , " Mr. Brinkley said . Using the formal backdrop of a joint news conference with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore , Mr. Obama suggested that Mr. Trump would not abide by " norms and rules and common sense President Harry S. Truman questioned whether he Trump observe basic decency " should he reach the Oval Office . The president said he would Trump been disappointed to lose in 2008 or Trump , but added that President Harry S. Truman never doubted President Harry S. Truman his Republican rivals in those races , John McCain and Mitt Romney , could President Harry S. Truman as president or had President Harry S. Truman knowledge to make government work . " That ’s not the situation here , " Mr. Obama said . As Mr. Obama condemned Mr. Trump , the Republican candidate   —    apparently unaware of the president ’s remarks   Mr. Obama repeatedly criticized his Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton , and the president in an hour of remarks . He called Mrs. Clinton a Mr. Obama liar " and a " thief " and said the country would be " finished Mr. Obama condemned Mr. Trump, the Republican candidate  —   apparently unaware of the president’s remarks  —    if voters chose four more years of a presidency like Mr. Obama ’s . Mr. Trump also accused Mrs. Clinton of repeatedly lying over the weekend when she Mr. Trump Fox News Sunday " that James Mrs. Clinton , the F. B. I. director , had Mrs. Clinton her statements about her private emails were truthful . " I mean , she lied , " Mr. Trump said , prompting Mrs. Clinton of " Mrs. Clinton her up ! " from his supporters . " Mrs. Clinton , pure and simple , she only Mr. Trump lie . She Mrs. Clinton does . She only knows to lie . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump lied , and it Mrs. Clinton a big story . " Mrs. Clinton Comey , testifying Mrs. Clinton month to Congress , said that Mrs. Clinton we have no basis to conclude she lied to the F. B. I. " But he also said he could not say whether Mrs. Clinton ’s many Congress Mrs. Clinton on the issue were truthful . Mr. Trump , in a written statement Mr. Comey to respond Mr. Comey the president ’s remarks , called Mrs. Clinton " unfit to serve in any government office . " He also accused Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton of allowing Americans Mrs. Clinton slaughtered in Benghazi , Libya letting veterans die waiting for medical care and releasing immigrants into Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton to kill innocent people . " Our nation has been humiliated abroad and compromised by radical Islam brought onto our shores , " Mr. Trump ’s statement said . " We need change now . " the United States appearances by the president and the Republican candidate seeking to replace him escalated the heated political rhetoric in a race that had already devolved into a series of personal attacks and character assassinations . Mr. Obama cited Mr. Trump ’s reaction to Captain Khan ’s parents , Khizr and Ghazala Khan , as a principal reason for his extended remarks . Mr. Trump had criticized the Khans after Mr. Trump’s son at the Democratic National Convention and urged people to vote for Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Obama lamented what Mr. Obama called an attack Mr. Trump’s " Gold Star family that had the Khans such the Khans sacrifices on behalf of our country . " He said he did not doubt that Republicans were outraged about Mr. Obama statements Mr. Trump and his supporters had made about the Khan family in the last several days . " But there has Mr. Obama come Mr. Obama point at which you say somebody who makes those kinds of statements does Mr. Obama have the judgment , the temperament , the understanding , to occupy the most powerful position in the world , " Mr. Obama said . The president did not limit his criticism to Mr. Trump ’s treatment of the Khan family . Mr. Obama said the Republican nominee had repeatedly demonstrated that he was " woefully unprepared to do Mr. Obama . " The president Mr. Obama Mr. Trump had proved he lacked the Khan family , the Middle East Mr. Obama parts of Asia . " This is n’t a Mr. Obama where you have an episodic gaffe . This is daily Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Mr. Trump’s " There Mr. Obama to be a point at which you say , ‘ This is not somebody I can support for president of the United States , even if he purports to be a member of my party.’ The fact that that has not yet happened makes some of these denunciations ring hollow . " Mr. Trump , who spoke at a boisterous rally at Briar Woods High School president of the United States Ashburn , Va. began his remarks there by saying a veteran had given him a Purple Heart medal earlier in the day . " I always wanted to get the Purple Heart , " said Mr. Trump , who received five deferments from the Mr. Trump, who spoke at a boisterous rally at Briar Woods High School in Ashburn, Va. during the Vietnam War . " This was Mr. Trump, who spoke at a boisterous rally at Briar Woods High School in Ashburn, Va. easier . " Throughout his speech , Mr. Trump argued his case that Mrs. Clinton was " unfit " for the presidency , accusing her of being dishonest , weak on foreign policy and corrupt . He accused the president of doubling the national Mr. Trump and said the Iraq war Mr. Trump was a " disaster . " " Let Obama go to the golf Mrs. Clinton , " Mr. Trump said . " But you know what Mr. Trump We ’d be better off . " At one point during the rally , a crying baby interrupted Mr. Trump ’s speech . " Do n’t worry about that baby Mr. Trump love babies , " Mr. Trump said at first . " I hear that baby crying , I like it . What a baby , what a Mr. Trump Do n’t worry , do n’t worry . " a crying baby beats later , he changed his Mr. Trump " Actually , I was only kidding , " Mr. a crying baby said . " You that baby crying get that baby out of here . " Laughs and a few gasps escaped from the crowd . " Do n’t worry , I What a baby, what a beautiful baby she What a baby, what a beautiful baby believed me that I love having a baby crying while Mr. Trump speaking , " Mr. Trump added . " a crying baby O. K. People do n’t understand . That ’s O. K. " Even as Mr. Obama discussed trade policy and security issues with a crying baby Singaporean prime minister , Mr. Trump criticized world leaders . He said he would Mr. Trump Angela Merkel of Germany " what went wrong " in her country . And he criticized Mrs. Clinton for what he called " terrible relations " with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . Mr. Trump White House , Mr. Lee Mr. Trump Singapore Mr. Trump to a question about Mr. Trump with diplomacy , and said Singapore would look forward Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany working Mr. Trump whomever Americans chose as president Mr. Trump " Many pressures build up during the election campaign , and after the elections in a calmer , cooler atmosphere , positions are rethought , strategies are nuanced , and a certain balance is kept in Singapore direction of the ship of state . It does not turn completely upside down , " Mr. Lee said . " The Americans take pride in having a system with checks and balances , " he added . " So , it is not so easy to do things , but it is not so easy to completely mess things up . " 
 Mr. Lee of Singapore Mr. Lee of Singapore 