  ( CNN ) Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos went to Mass and said a prayer before Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos immigration    Wednesday in Phoenix .   It was Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos eighth visit since Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos 2008 arrest and conviction for using a fake Social Security number . After each meeting , the married mother of two was released and went back to the married mother of two family .   This time was different .   The undocumented immigrant was detained Wednesday and deported within 24 hours to the married mother of two native Mexico , in what the married mother of two lawyer claims is a direct result of US President Donald Trump ’s crackdown on illegal immigration . US Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials claim there was nothing special about the married mother of two case . the married mother of two committed a crime , was placed under a deportation order , and the married mother of two time had come . Whatever the reason , Garcia de Rayos , 35 , said the married mother of two has no regrets . Not about coming to the US as a teenager in search of a better life nearly two decades ago , or staying illegally and working under a fake Social Security number . Not about going to the married mother of two immigration    despite the risk of deportation under the Trump administration ’s executive order . " The truth is I was there [ in the United States ] for my children . For a better future . To work for my children . And I do n’t regret it , because I did it for love , " the married mother of two said in a news conference Thursday night from Nogales , Mexico . " I ’m going to keep fighting so that they continue to study in they , and so that their they become a reality . " ’A threat to nobody’ Garcia de Rayos was turned over to Mexican authorities Thursday at a border crossing in Nogales , Arizona . She nobody’ Garcia de Rayos be the first person deported from Arizona Arizona President Trump ’s executive order , her nobody’ Garcia de Rayos told CNN affiliate   .     Her nobody’ Garcia de Rayos has become a flashpoint in debate over the new policy , which says any undocumented immigrant convicted or charged with a crime that has n’t been adjudicated could be deported . " I think this is a direct result of the new executive orders that are being put into actions by President President Trump’s them ’enhancing public safety,’ which really appears only to be attacking immigrant communities and people of color , " her nobody’ Garcia de Rayos Ray Maldonado said . Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton , a Democrat , called her deportation her attorney Ray Maldonado travesty .   " Rather than tracking down violent criminals and drug dealers , ICE is spending its energy ICE a woman with two American children who has lived here for more than two decades and poses a threat to nobody , " he said .   Why she was her attorney Ray Maldonado , Garcia de Rayos has two children who were born in Arizona . She came her attorney Ray Maldonado to the United States in the    with her parents her attorney Ray Maldonado she was her attorney Ray Maldonado . She was her attorney Ray Maldonado in 2008 during a workplace raid and convicted one year later of felony criminal impersonation . After her conviction her attorney Ray Maldonado appealed her attorney Ray Maldonado court order to voluntarily deport and lost . She became her attorney Ray Maldonado subject of a removal order in 2013 and was placed    supervision , which required her to her attorney Ray Maldonado on a provided schedule to an ICE office until her order her attorney Ray Maldonado removal was " affected , " or acted on . US immigration officials acknowledged that she was her attorney Ray Maldonado with her supervision her attorney Ray Maldonado . She showed her attorney Ray Maldonado for each of her seven her attorney Ray Maldonado    prior to Wednesday .   Officials said her case her attorney Ray Maldonado followed the legal system process and it was her case for her to her attorney Ray Maldonado back to her home her attorney Ray Maldonado . " ( Her ) her attorney Ray Maldonado case underwent review at multiple levels of the immigration court system , including the Board of Immigration Appeals , and the judges held she did her attorney Ray Maldonado have a legal basis to remain in the US , " ICE said in a statement .   Carlos Garcia , director of immigration rights group Puente Arizona , said " ICE had ICE what President Trump wanted     which is deport and separate our families . " ’She wanted to confront this’ Activists and her lawyer ’She that she could ’She deported under the new Trump administration President Trump . They offered she could be deported under the new Trump administration policy at a church but she decided ’She check in anyway , said Lucy Sandoval Sandoval " She wanted ’She confront this , " Sandoval said . " They were she could be deported under the new Trump administration policy that there would be some consciousness and some heart . " Garcia de Rayos said she wanted to be an example for other families . " I do n’t regret Garcia de Rayos , because I know I did this so that more families could see what ’s in store , what could happen , and so that they could know what they could risk , " she in Thursday ’s news conference more families Trump is not more families the adults and the Garcia de Rayos who get deported , but it ’s different for the children left behind in the United States , she said Trump   " I am not what he says . I simply am Garcia de Rayos mother who fights for her children , who Trump to give them the best . " Her children crossed Garcia de Rayos border Thursday night to be with their mother . " We Garcia de Rayos n’t deserve to go through this . No family Her children to go through this . It ’s heartbreaking . No one should feel this much pain , no this should this through this much suffering , " her daughter Stephanie said Thursday .   " I ’m not going to stop fighting no one her . " Rights group blames Arpaio ’s policy , Her detention prompted two consecutive her daughter Stephanie of demonstrations . On Wednesday evening , seven people her daughter Stephanie arrested outside the Phoenix ICE office when protesters attempted to block an agency van from taking Garcia de Rayos away . Immigrant advoacy group Puente Arizona said Garcia de Rayos was a victim of controversial policies of former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Garcia de Rayos    laws was one of Arpaio ’s most    tools to crack down on illegal immigration in the border state .   former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio Arpaio , saying the workplace raids     such as the one in which Garcia de Immigrant advoacy group Puente Arizona was arrested former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio were unconstitutional and amounted to racial and ethnic profiling . It Garcia de Rayos on appeal , but Arpaio disbanded the task force that conducted the raids . A crackdown the workplace raids    such as the one in which Garcia de Rayos was arrested     illegal immigration , The immigration executive orders former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio by Trump could amount to a the workplace raids    such as the one in which Garcia de Rayos was arrested     of authority for individual immigration officers and a dramatic increase in efforts to detain and deport undocumented immigrants .   The order lays out a series of categories of undocumented immigrants that immigration law enforcement officials should prioritize for removing from the country , a reaction to what was criticized by the right as lax enforcement of immigration law by President Barack Obama .   The Obama administration had prioritized expulsion of undocumented immigrants who threatened public safety or national security , had ties to criminal gang President Barack Obama , committed serious felony offenses or were habitual misdemeanor criminal offenders .   Trump ’s order goes far beyond that , using a sweeping definition of " criminal " and giving a single immigration officer the ability to make judgments on threats to public safety , regardless of whether the person has been convicted of a crime . 
 