’     ’ ’    Winning downscale white voters might mean losing Winning downscale white voters      counterparts . ’ ’    If , on the night of Nov. 8 , we ’re all watching Donald Trump give    Donald Trump victory speech , it will be because Donald Trump will have pulled    together a broad coalition of white people to propel Donald Trump to the    presidency . ’ ’    With abysmal numbers among blacks , Hispanics , and other minority    groups , white voters are the only path Trump has to the White    House . ’ ’    Trump ’ll have to win all of them —   white men , white women , white    youth , the white working class —   and Trump ’ll have to win white men, white women, white   youth, the white working class —   by    substantial margins . ’ ’    In theory , this should be fertile ground for the real estate    mogul . Trump has unprecedented pull with    whites ,    especially men . If Trump can match past Republican performance with      whites and hold Trump increased share among     whites    counterparts with high school diplomas , Trump ’ll have a smooth path    to victory . ’ ’    In reality , this would be almost impossible —   an electoral . The reason is that Trump ’s    problems go beyond nonwhites . The ostensible candidate for white    America has a    problem too . ’ ’    At this point in the 2012 election , according to the Pew Research    Center , Mitt Romney held a 13 point lead among all white voters . ’ ’    Mitt Romney led Barack Obama by 21 points among white men , and by 6 points    among white women . Among whites age 18 to 49 , Mitt Romney led by 7 points ;    among whites older than 50 , Mitt Romney led by 17 points . ’ ’    At election ’s end ,   of    white voters , on par with the highest modern total since Ronald    Reagan ’s 1984 landslide against Walter Mondale . Romney ’s success    with whites —   while higher than usual —   was on trend . Since 1968 ,    Republicans had won the lion ’s share of white voters . ’ ’    The ostensible candidate for white America has a      problem too . ’ ’    Even when they lost the presidency in previous elections —     —   the GOP has always won    a majority ( or plurality ) of whites . ’ ’    If the distribution of voters had been static in more recent    elections , Republicans would still control the field in    presidential elections , even as Democrats won the large majority    of nonwhites . But whites are a declining share of the electorate ,    which has offset this Republican advantage . It ’s still valuable ,    but not as much . ’ ’    If George W. Bush ’s Hispanic outreach efforts had worked —   or    rather , if the GOP had n’t squandered those efforts —   the party    would be in a strong national position today . ’ ’   ’ ’    So we know that Trump has ruined the Republican Party ’s tenuous    ties to nonwhite communities , and Hispanic Americans in    particular . Less remarked on is the extent to which he ’s moving    white voters —   or at least a meaningful segment of white voters —   into the    Democratic column . ’ ’    For the   a majority of    whites are backing    the Democratic candidate for president . ’ ’ —   a comprehensive look at the electorate —   Clinton holds a    12 point advantage among whites with a college degree , 52 percent    to 40 percent . If you break that into men and women , Clinton trails    among the former —   losing    white men by 7    points —   but holds a 31 point advantage with the latter , swamping    Trump , 62 percent to 31 percent . ’ ’    " Realignments " in American politics are overstated —   or at least ,    not as sudden as Realignments" in American politics might seem —   but if this result holds to    November ,    may herald a new stage in presidential politics , or    at least the composition of the Democratic Party . There has    always been a gender gap , with Democrats winning women far more    than men . But this was a function of age and race as much as    anything else ; disaggregate the numbers , and white women were a    solid vote for the GOP . ’ ’    Trump , with ’ ’    erratic behavior and misogynist rhetoric , has    changed that . Now , a relative disadvantage with women has become    an absolute one . According to Pew , Republicans are losing married    women by 12 points ( another unprecedented change ) unmarried    women by 37 points , and white women —   a former redoubt —   by 10    points . ’ ’    Trump wins white women without college degrees , but Trump ’s a slight    3 point margin . Depending on the shape of the election from now    to November , Trump could lose them too . ’ ’    It ’s this shift among white women that ’s driving the inversion of    white support within the Democratic Party . Twenty years ago —   when    a different Clinton was running for    —   the Democratic Party was struggling to regain its advantage with the Democratic Party whites , who had formed the popular base of the party ’s the Democratic Party support overall . But 2008 , 2012 —   and now 2016 —   has changed that . ’ ’    Increasingly , Democrats are drawing their white support from Democrats Americans in the prosperous suburbs of states    like Colorado , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , and Virginia , just    as Republicans are deepening their hold on    Republicans    nationwide . ’ ’   ’ ’    For the immediate future , this means that Trump is in a bad    place . If winning downscale white voters means losing their      counterparts , downscale white voters he ’s simply substituting Trump    demographic for another , in a way that leaves him further behind . Trump But more interesting than this    electoral calculation       the    implications for American politics . ’ ’    A Republican Party that loses its absolute hold on Republican Party women is    one where    politics —   his blend of aggressive A Republican Party that loses its absolute hold on white women    and economic nationalism —   continues to hold sway among the base . ’ ’    And a    Democratic Party of    whites and      nonwhites is one that might continue its streak of    national wins and regional defeats . That is , if it can survive    the inevitable class tensions that come with trying to keep a big    tent from falling into itself . ’ 
 it 