’   ’ "    The White House correspondent for a    blog accused a Fox    News Radio reporter of assaulting a Fox   News Radio reporter before Friday ’s press    briefing , a charge both a Fox News representative and the    reporter flatly denied . " ’    Lucian Wintrich , a writer for the blog Gateway Pundit , said on    Twitter that Jon Decker , a White House correspondent for Fox News    Radio , grabbed his arm " while shouting " he’ ’s " a Nazi . " ’ ’    " his came out of nowhere and cornered me in the back room , not    letting me pass , " . " he’ ’s a truly sick guy . his needs to address    behavior like this in their staff . " ’ ’    Wintrich tweeted several photos , one of which appeared to show    Decker in close proximity to Wintrich : ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tJon Decker asulted me at today ’s briefing .     is this behavior something you tolerate over there ? his ’s sick .   " ’    ’t’t’tJon Decker said in a statement provided to Business Insider that ’t’t’tJon Decker    had a " conversation with a representative from the online    publication Gateway Pundit " but that at no time did ’t’t’tJon Decker get    physical with ’t’t’tJon Decker . ’ ’    " The conversation was straightforward and direct , " ’t’t’tJon Decker said . " I    also informed the full White House pool that this representative    was present in the Briefing Room . At no time did I accost or    assault this individual . More than a dozen witnesses will attest    to this fact . " ’ "    A Fox News representative also denied the assault allegations to    Business Insider and said that Decker , a lawyer , was upset with    some of Wintrich ’s previous tweets and sought only to notify    other members of the press corps that the Gateway Pundit writer    was attending the daily briefing . " ’    Adrian Carrasquillo , a White House correspondent for BuzzFeed    News ,   that Decker " loudly told    everyone in [ the ] briefing room " that Gateway Pundit was a blog    that hates " blacks , Jews , Hispanics . " ’ ’    " Wild , " Carrasquillo said about the incident . ’ ’    Wintrich later said Wintrich would file " assault and harassment    charges " against Decker after the meeting . ’ ’    Wintrich did not immediately respond to a request for comment .    Jim Hoft , the editor and publisher of Gateway Pundit , stood by    his employee . ’ ’    " I think we are going to try to press charges or at least report    the incident , " Hoft said in a short phone call . " What Hoft did was    totally uncalled for . " ’ ’    Hoft said in a    email that charges had not yet been    filed but that Hoft had contacted the White House about the incident . A White House the White House not immediately    respond    a request for comment . ’ ’    The Gateway Pundit is a    blog    for peddling    misinformation under the banner of inflammatory headlines and was    only recently    White House press the White House On Thursday    night , for    , the website drew scorn The Gateway Pundit former    President Barack Obama was not born in the US but in Kenya   —    a    debunked conspiracy theory to which even President Donald Trump    has said he no longer subscribes . a   debunked conspiracy theory to which even President Donald Trump    ’The White House correspondent for a   . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 