Washington ( CNN ) The Obama administration secretly arranged a plane delivery of $ 400 million in cash on the same day Iran released four American prisoners and formally implemented the nuclear deal , US officials confirmed Wednesday . Obama approved the $ 400 million transfer , which he had Obama in January as part of the Iran the nuclear deal money was flown into the $400 million transfer, which he had announced in January as part of the Iran nuclear deal Iran pallets stacked with Swiss francs , euros and other currencies as the first installment of a $ 1 . 7 billion settlement resolving claims at an international tribunal at The Hague over a failed arms deal under the time of the Shah .   A fifth American man was released by Iran separately Iran Details of the cash delivery drew fresh condemnation of the Iran deal Iran Republicans . They charged that the administration had Republicans a major sponsor of terrorism because the nuclear agreement enables Tehran to    the international economy and gives it access    funds .   the international economy addition , they said the cash delivery amounted Republicans a ransom payment that violates    US practice not to pay for hostages . As such , they argued , it encourages Iran Republicans hold onto its remaining Americans prisoners until they Iran get more money for its remaining Americans prisoners .   " Paying ransom its remaining Americans prisoners kidnappers puts Americans even more at risk , " said Illinois Republican Sen. Mark Kirk . " While Americans were relieved by Iran ’s overdue release of illegally Iran hostages , the White House ’s policy of appeasement has led Iran to illegally seize more American hostages Iran including Siamak Namazi , his father Baquer Namazi and Reza Shahini . " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump jumped on the issue , seeking to change the subject after a punishing week of gaffes and reproaches from members of the GOP .   " Iran was in big trouble , they Iran sanctions , they were dying , we took off they sanctions and made they horrible deal sanctions they ’re a power , " Trump they Wednesday in Daytona , Florida Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump   " We paid $ 400 million for the they , " Trump said . " Such a bad Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was set by Obama . We have two more hostages there right they What ’s are we going to pay for them ? they we ’re doing is insane two more hostages there " they nominee Hillary Clinton , when asked about the payment by a local Denver , Colorado , television station , said it was " old news . " " It was first reported about seven or eight it ago , as I recall , " she told Denver ’s 9News . " And Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton so far as I know , it had nothing to do with any kind it hostage swap or any other    . It was something that was intended to , as I am told , pay back Iran for contracts that were canceled when the Shah fell . " US officials said cash had to be flown in because existing US sanctions ban American dollars from being used in a transaction with Iran and because Iran could not access the Iran financial system Iran to international sanctions it was under at the time . The the global financial system of the how the transaction occurred were first reported by The a transaction with Iran Journal . CNN reported in January that the transfer of funds had been arrangement . The money was procured from central banks in Switzerland and the Netherlands , official said , and an unmarked cargo plane loaded with Swiss francs , euros and other currencies were flown to Iran . " They were totally cut off from global banks and there was no other way to get them the money , " one senior official with They The money transaction said . While the cash transaction took place the same day as the the transaction Post reporter Jason Rezaian and the other Americans , administration officials insist the payment did not constitute ransom and that there were was no quid pro quo for the payment . They said the agreement on the release of the the payment with administration officials resolution of parallel negotiations over the dispute of the failed arms deal . " It ’s against the policy of the United States to pay ransom for hostages , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Wednesday . He described the payment as a " conscious strategic decision that was made White House spokesman Josh Earnest the the payment the Obama administration as we were implementing the deal to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon to resolve other longstanding the failed arms deal had with Iran . " " That included securing the release of five American we who had Iran unjustly detained in Iran , and closing out a longstanding financial dispute in a way that saved the Iran people potentially billions of dollars , " he said . In return for the US citizens’ release , the US dropped extradition requests for 14 Iranian citizens and freed seven . Former FBI agent Robert Levinson , who disappeared in Iran in 2007 , remains missing .   Earnest cast those using the new details Iran the palettes of cash as people " flailing to justify their continued opposition to the deal to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon . those using the new details about the palettes of cash   The $ 400 million was Iran Iran to start with , placed into a    trust fund to support American Iran equipment purchases in the 1970s . When the Shah was ousted by a 1979 popular uprising that led to the creation of the Islamic Republic , the US froze the trust fund . Iran has been fighting for a return of the funds through a   trust fund to support American military equipment purchases in the 1970s 1981 Iran   In announcing the agreement , Obama said that paying the $ 400 million     plus $ 1 . 3 billion in interest     was saving American taxpayers billions of dollars . The Iranians had been seeking more than $ 10 billion at arbitration . " For the United States , this settlement saved us billions of dollars that could have been pursued by the US Obama said in January . " the US was no benefit to the United States in dragging this out . Obama As it was making the January cash delivery , the the US new sanctions on Iran over its ballistic missile testing . At the same time , the White the US a larger pool of Iranian assets Iran estimated Iran $ 100 to $ 150 billion , as part of the nuclear deal , though administration officials cautioned that Iran would only pocket about $ 50 billion after legal claims .   Legal claims are one of the reasons the payment Iran Iran was controversial when Obama first announced it . The Clinton administration had agreed in 2000 to pay that $ 400 million Iran Americans who had won lawsuits against Iran in US courts .   These families and individuals had sued the Islamic Republic for damages after the deaths of loved Iran or for being the victims themselves of    kidnappings or terrorist attacks . At the time , US officials told those families the money would come from Iran .   With Obama ’s announcement , it became apparent that the payments had These families and individuals US taxpayers and not from Iran at all . Stuart Eizenstat , the Clinton Obama ’s deputy Treasury secretary , told Newsweek that Iran had filed a claim Iran The Hague , limiting the administration ’s ability to lay claim to the fund .   Critics Iran Wednesday were further incensed by Iranian claims that the cash amounted to a ransom payment for the four prisoners . " That sort of ransom payment as part of the Iran deal is an outrage , " said Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida . US officials conceded that the Iranian negotiators involved Iran the prisoner exchange said they wanted the cash to coincide with the release of the Americans to prove a deliverable for the exchange even as they argued US officials the characterization of it as a ransom payment . " As we ’ve made clear , the prisoner exchange over the US officials of an outstanding claim at The Hague Tribunal were completely separate from the discussions about returning our American citizens home , " State Department Spokesman John Kirby said , referring to the $ 1 . 7 billion payout that the we 400 cast installment was part of . " Not only were ( the ) two negotiations separate , they were conducted by different teams on each side , including , in the case of the Hague claims , by technical experts involved two negotiations these negotiations for many years , " he said . " The funds that were transferred to Iran were related solely to the settlement of a    claim at the    John Kirby Tribunal at The Hague . " " It ’s not surprising that Iran would want to call this a ransom for domestic Iran reasons , The Hague senior US official said . " But that is not the case . The confidence built during the Iran nuclear negotiations helped the negotiations in other areas , Iran it is true all these things came together at the same time as implementation day of the Iran deal . But this was not a ransom . " 
 the Iran deal Iran 