’   ’ "    CNN anchor Jake Tapper pressed    Donald Trump ’s top    counselor over why Donald Trump team hesitated to admit that his team    benefited from internal emails from the Democratic National    Committee and Hillary Clinton ’s campaign exposed by Russian    hacking and leaking . " "    In an interview on CNN on Sunday , Tapper asked Kellyanne Conway    why Tapper dismissed the hacking ’s impact on the 2016    election .   " ’    " What I’’m confused about is , how can you say that hacking had    no impact on the the 2016   election Mr. Trump kept invoking WikiLeaks ,    which was printing , publishing things that the Russians had    hacked ? " Tapper asked . ’ ’    Conway did not directly admit that the Russians the Russians hackers ,     but    instead blamed the Clinton campaign for its own shortcomings    ’ ’    Conway pointed out Conway Clinton was not Clinton as trustworthy by    many voters far before what the Trump counselor described as    the " alleged attacks , alleged aspirations to interfere with out    democracy . "   ’ ’    " It had an effect on his debate answer Conway it had an It on the    Clinton campaign , because it was quite embarrassing to watch her    closest Clinton question her judgment , Clinton whether she    would Clinton find her voice , Clinton aloud why she was testing Clinton    slogans to find out who she was and Clinton she would run Clinton , "    Conway said . ’ ’    Tapper acknowledged that while there were " dozens of reasons why    Hillary Clinton is Clinton " he was confused why   Hillary Clinton Conway continued to   Conway   Conway hack’ ’s impact on the election . ’ ’    " But what I guess I don’’t understand is why there is this    reluctance by    Trump and people around him to    acknowledge Russia   Hillary Clinton this , " Tapper said . " You said it was an    alleged this . I don’’t know why you’’re saying don’’t . " ’ ’    " No , no : Alleged to interfere with our democracy . In other words ,    they didn’’t succeed , " Conway replied . " Even if you read The New    York Times and Washington Post , people are admitting ,      certainly are saying , Jake , that they did not    succeed people " ’ ’    When Tapper said that Conway was " trying to Conway an argument    against Hillary Clinton using the work of Russian hackers , " she    interjected , invoking Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server    during her tenure as secretary of Hillary Clinton . ’ ’    " You know what , Jake ? With all due respect to Hillary Clinton , we    Hillary Clinton WikiLeaks to convince the American people that they    didn’’t like her , the American people trust her , Hillary Clinton find her to Hillary Clinton honest .    Hillary Clinton did that all on her Hillary Clinton . She got this Hillary Clinton started by Hillary Clinton setting up an illegal server    opening it to hacks , for    an illegal server and security information that’    much more serious    than what a political party    have on its server , " Conway    a political party . " So , she started it . " ’ Hillary Clinton    After months of vehemently denying Russia ’s involvement in the    hacking ,   following a classified    intelligence briefing on Friday that Russia likely hacked the    DNC Russia " ’    In an interview on Fox on Sunday , Reince Priebus acknowledged    that Trump " accepts the fact that this particular case was    entities in Russia , " but argued that Russia DNC should have    invested more in cyber security measures . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tTop Trump aide Kellyanne Conway deflects on Russia hacking questions     ’ 
 Russia 