  ( CNN ) Protesters hit the streets Sunday over the election of Donald Trump , marking the fifth day of demonstrations in cities such as New York , Los Angeles and San Francisco .   In Manhattan , a group gathered to demonstrate against Trump ’s immigration policies .   " The main purpose is to tell Donald Trump he Donald Trump n’t just deport 11 million undocumented people , " Noelle Yasso said . " They 11 million undocumented people here to stay and we stand in solidarity with them 11 million undocumented people " Yasso , who said she Noelle Yasso an immigration lawyer , said immigrants are terrified .   " They immigrants saying , ’Are we we to be deported tomorrow?’ " she Noelle Yasso . " People do n’t know what will happen and they People very scared . " Protesters are upset about Trump Donald Trump on health care , the environment , LGBT rights and other issues . Some are questioning the legitimacy of Trump ’s Donald Trump Hillary Clinton by noting that although he took the Hillary Clinton College , Clinton won the Hillary Clinton vote . Over the weekend , Los Angeles saw    protests swell to 8 , 000 people on Saturday . In New York , thousands peacefully marched two miles on Saturday and gathered Saturday Trump Tower , the   ’s home in Manhattan , where they chanted " not my president . " On Sunday , around 100 people peacefully protested in front of the CNN building in Los Angeles , Los Angeles member of CNN security . A small protest also took place midday Sunday in Springfield , Sunday . Protests also flared in large metropolitan areas including Philadelphia , Oakland , San Francisco , and Chicago .   5 things    protesters want , Since Election Day , many have expressed fears of bigotry and racial violence against minorities , amid incidents of harassment , slurs and hate crimes . In an interview on CBS’ " 60 Minutes " that aired Sunday night , Trump told his supporters to stop Trump harassment , and that he would , " Trump this country together . " As for    protests , he said : " Trump think it ’s horrible if that ’s happening . I think it ’s built up it the press because , frankly , they ’ll take every the press little incident that they can find in the press country , which could ’ve been there before . If I were n’t even around doing this , and they ’ll make into the press event because that ’s the way the press is . the press protests , Most protests around the nation had been peaceful . But Portland , Oregon , has Portland the site of the most violent    demonstrations with a shooting and the arrest of 71 people on Saturday .   Police reported that the march was much smaller Sunday night with no arrests .   After several days of violence , protesters struck a different tone on Sunday . They gathered for a peaceful protesters on Portland ’s waterfront at the Salmon Street Springs Fountain . " I think violence detracts from our message on both sides , and same with destruction , but I think we need to think about our those people are being destructive protesters just condemn it , " a spokesperson for Portland ’s Resistance , Gregory McKelvey Portland’s KATU . What do    protesters want ? Here are 5 key demands , It was a marked change from Saturday when protesters threw bottles and projectiles including road flares at police , and attacked a film crew , according to police . Earlier on Saturday , a man was shot on Saturday Morrison Bridge during a protest march . The victim ’s injuries were not    and he was treated at a hospital . a man suspected shooter was believed to be in a vehicle on the bridge when a confrontation unfolded with the Morrison Bridge of the crowd , Portland police said . The suspect got out of the vehicle and The suspected shooter shots before fleeing . a vehicle on the bridge men were arrested and charged with attempted murder and unlawful use of a weapon , police said .   Other cities over the weekend , In Indianapolis , two police officers were injured by protesters throwing rocks Saturday evening , according to a tweet from the Indianapolis Metro Police Department ’s official account . Seven people were arrested as police tried to keep peace in downtown Indianapolis .    Protests also were staged in Chicago Washington Indianapolis , Ohio Cincinnati Oklahoma City Salt Lake City Providence , Rhode Island and Las Vegas . Some cities that had marches on Friday night , such as Atlanta , were quiet Saturday . Protesters call for love and respect , More    demonstrations could be on the way . The Los Angeles Police Department warned that students from several local schools were planning to walk out from their classes Monday . 
 students from several local schools 