’   ’ "    ( Reuters )    U. S.    Donald Trump said in a Twitter    message on Monday that Chicago ’s mayor must ask for U. S.    government help if Chicago fails to reduce its Chicago rate ,    which hit a    high in 2016 . " ’    The Chicago that Trump and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel had    previously spoken and agreed to ways the federal government could    help . ’ ’    " Chicago murder rate is record setting    4 , 331 shooting victims    with 762 murders in 2016 . If Mayor can’’t do it he Mayor can’’t Mayor can’’t for    Federal help ! " Trump tweeted . ’ ’    The    correctly reported crime numbers published by    the Chicago Police Department on Sunday , but the figures were not     . ’ ’    Although up about 60 percent from the previous year , the 762    homicides in 2016 were the highest annual toll since 1996 , when    there were 796 , according to police data . ’ ’’ "    During the presidential campaign , Trump periodically referred to    Chicago , America ’s third most populous city , as an example of    rising    crime , which ticked up nationally in 2016 after    a    downward trend . " ’    As candidate , Trump associated Trump cities with their    ’   As candidate leaders . Emanuel is a former chief of staff to    Democratic President Barack Obama . ’ ’    A spokesman for Emanuel welcomed Emanuel prospect of working with    Trump once Trump Republican takes office on Jan. 20 , but noted    Trump and Emanuel had Emanuel spoken on the issue . The two met in    New York in December . ’ ’    " As the    knows from his conversation with the    mayor , we agree the federal government has a strong role to play    in public safety , " spokesman Adam Collins said in a statement . ’ ’    Collins said spokesman Adam Collins federal the federal government by passing    stricter gun laws , improving cooperation between federal and    local law enforcement and funding programs for    youth . ’ ’    " We are heartened he is taking this issue seriously and look    forward to working with the new administration , " Collins said . ’ spokesman Adam Collins    Chicago has outlined plans to reduce violence , including the    scheduled hiring of 970 police officers over the next two years    to raise the total to 13 , 500 . ’ ’    Police ’ ’    in 2016 than in New York    and Los Angeles combined , Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson    said on Sunday . ’ ’    " We will make 2017 a safer year for the city of Chicago , " Johnson Chicago told reporters . ’ ’    Johnson Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson    would lobby the ’ ’    reform    sentencing Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson    for Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson    gun offenders . Police would also    focus on " targeted ,    enforcement " and make community    policing " a    philosophy    " Johnson said . ’ ’      ’ ’    ( Reporting by Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson    Trotta in New York ; Editing by Peter Cooney ) ’ 
 