  ( CNN ) Donald Trump Jr. took an Indiana victory lap Monday , speaking at the state Republican party ’s spring dinner just more than one year after the state ’s primary propelled his father toward the presidential nomination .   The President ’s eldest son issued a call to action to the Indiana Republicans , noting that recent victories like The President ’s 2016 win , the confirmation of Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch and congressional GOP majorities have " reinvigorated " the Democratic party in recent months .   " We ca n’t sit back on those victories , we We to stay active , because the one thing that I ’ve seen is the other side , they the other side used this to reinvigorate their the other side " Trump said . " Now luckily for us , We think their message the other side faulty and flawed . I do n’t think their message their message good or at all in touch with real Americans . " Trump said Trump was Trump " sick of winning yet , " subtly jabbing the Washington establishment in both parties . " We ca n’t take majorities in the House and the Senate and say , ’Hey , they ’re always majorities to do what they want,’ because majorities of them , on majorities sides , are still in that DC mindset that I think my father will break , " he said Trump   Trump , who is running the Trump Organization with brother Eric , has maintained a high profile in the political realm since his father took brother Eric making a variety of political appearances , including a March speech to the Dallas County GOP and campaigning for Montana Republican House candidate Greg Gianforte last month .   He ’ll return to brother Eric with Gianforte     Montana is Montana Republican House candidate Greg Gianforte a May special election for Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke ’s seat     on Thursday .   The President ’s son has said he is open to the The President’s son of seeking office in the future .   " Maybe someday , " he told the Associated Press The President’s son month . " It ’s not something I ’m doing now . But you never know , it ’s fascinating stuff . It   On Monday , Trump praised the Hoosier State , noting that he spoke with both Vice Trump Mike Pence and basketball legend and Trump supporter Bobby Knight ahead Trump his Indianapolis speech .    Trump also hit Gianforte ’s Trump opponent , Democratic House candidate Rob Quist , citing his record on guns and Trump . " I ’m saying I think they ’re ( the Democrats guns and immigration still missing it . They did n’t the Democrats the guns and immigration during the election and they still do n’t get guns and immigration today . But it the message easy to run the message flawed candidate if you ’re just throwing a lot of money at it , " Trump said the message 
 