Manheim , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Saturday evening offered up the surest sign yet that Donald Trump is returning to the bombastic ,    style that defined Donald Trump primary run as Donald Trump wrapped up a week that raised fresh concerns about Donald Trump presidential campaign ’s viability . Straying from the prepared remarks on Donald Trump teleprompter , the Republican nominee reignited the Republican nominee attacks on Hillary Clinton ’s physical and mental health , arguing that the former secretary of state " could be crazy " and lacks the " stamina " to be president     even imitating Hillary Clinton stumbling into Hillary Clinton car while leaving a    ceremony last month .   And just as he is once again drawing attention to former President Bill Clinton ’s sex scandals , Trump took he political attacks a step further , questioning , with no evidence , whether the Democratic nominee is " loyal " to the Democratic nominee husband . his political attacks came as The New York Times raised fresh questions about his her husband of taxes and business success . Trump ’s personally charged rhetoric comes as he her husband to defend his her husband at the first presidential debate last Monday and as he her husband working to swat away renewed Republican distress over his her husband after he her husband down on the latest controversy , drawing attention away from his her husband campaign message . " She ’s got bad temperament . She She be crazy . She She actually be crazy , " Trump said , turning away from his Trump . That ’s a revival of the line of attack Trump Trump nearly two months ago , when he Trump Clinton as " unbalanced " and " totally unhinged , " suggesting she Clinton took a    in the brain . " " Honestly , I do n’t think she Clinton all there , " he Trump during an August 6 rally . Those remarks came before he Trump up his Trump leadership and reshaped his Trump into one pockmarked by fewer controversies and a heavier focus on policy . But Trump trained his Trump Saturday night not on the issues that have lifted his Trump , but instead on leveling a series of nasty political attacks on his Trump . " I do n’t even think she Trump loyal to Bill , if you want to know the truth . And really folks , really , why should she Trump ? " Trump Trump , apparently calling into question Clinton ’s marital fidelity to her Clinton in his Clinton direct terms yet . And as he Clinton her Trump her Trump as secretary of state and pointed to the slew of problems confronting the United States around the world , Trump Trump raised an incident weeks ago when Clinton Clinton and needed Secret Service agents to hoist her Clinton her Clinton as she Clinton a    memorial ceremony . " She Clinton supposed to fight all of these different things and she Clinton n’t make it 15 feet to her Clinton ? give me a break . give me a break , " he said . " Give me a break ! She Clinton home resting right now . She Clinton getting ready for her Clinton speech which is going to be about 2 or 3 minutes . " Trump then began to stagger on stage , imitating the medical incident Clinton faced when leaving the    ceremony . Clinton Clinton revealed later that day that Clinton had Clinton been diagnosed with pneumonia and " overheated " at the ceremony the   ceremony while Trump Trump largely resisted overtly attacking Clinton over Clinton the medical incident Clinton faced when leaving the   ceremony raising questions about her health , Clinton has lately Clinton pumping up that line of attack . Trump Trump his fiery speech Clinton a large crowd of several thousand that waited more than 90 minutes past the rally ’s slated start time     and Trump Trump up his Trump original , bombastic self that voters got to know best during the Republican primaries . The punches continued to roll as Trump Trump further into his Trump     and most appeared to come as tangents to his Trump remarks . " She ’s an incompetent woman , " he Trump . " She ’s never done She meaningful . Never . Her only legacy is She , tremendous financial loss and failure , " he Trump later . 
 