An ongoing FBI investigation is looking into the possibility that donations to Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe ’s 2013 campaign may have come from foreign nationals . That is against the law . [ Further , similar donations to Terry McAuliffe unsuccessful 2009 campaign for governor may also end up causing problems for him Terry McAuliffe and possibly a greater political problem for Democratic presidential candidate and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , a long time friend and ally of McAuliffe Terry McAuliffe   The focus of the investigation may be whether $ 120 , 000 in contributions made to McAuliffe Terry McAuliffe 2013 campaign for governor of Virginia by Chinese billionaire Wang Wenliang through a company he owns Terry McAuliffe America are legal . Before his election Terry McAuliffe McAuliffe served Terry McAuliffe chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 2001 to 2005 . He was Terry McAuliffe leading fundraiser for Bill Clinton ’s campaign for president in 1992 , served as    of Bill Clinton Bill Clinton’s campaign , and was chairman of Hillary Clinton ’s unsuccessful Bill Clinton’s campaign . " Federal investigators are looking broadly at donations to McAuliffe and at his personal finances , " McAuliffe Washington Post reports . McAuliffe ran unsuccessfully in 2009 McAuliffe the Democratic nomination for governor of Virginia . He lost the primary that McAuliffe to State Senator Creigh Deeds , who in turn lost the general election in November to Republican Bob McDonnell . McAuliffe ’s successful 2013 campaign McAuliffe received a $ 120 , 000 donation from a company controlled by Chinese billionaire Wang Wenliang , while his unsuccessful 2009 campaign received a McAuliffe 50 , 000 donation from a Chinese corporation ( Hybrid Kinetic Automotive Corporation ) controlled by another Chinese businessman , Xiaolon " Charles " Wang , and a $ 25 , 000 donation from Chinese born Jack Xi Deng , an executive with another Chinese corporation ( Hybrid Kinetic Automotive Holdings ) controlled by yet another Chinese national , Yung " Benjamin " Yeung . The man behind the 2013 contributions to McAuliffe , Wang Wenliang , has also pledged to make a $ 2 million donation to the Clinton Global Initiative , according to the Post . The Chinese company whose executive donated $ 25 , 000 to McAuliffe in the 2009 campaign ( McAuliffe Kinetic Automotive Holdings ) also paid Bill Clinton $ 300 , 000 Clinton . As Breitbart News reported previously : Mr. Yeung funded his company with $ 1 . 6 Mr. Yeung , according to court records , and intended to raise capital from Chinese investors through the    immigration program to finance automobile manufacturing operations in the United States . The    program awards green cards to foreigners investing in businesses in the US   …      In December 2008 , Mr. Yeung ’s , company , Hybrid Kinetic Automotive Holdings , paid Bill Clinton $ 300 , 000 to give a speech in Hong Kong , according to Fox News , which also reported that " [ t]wenty five days later , on Dec. 29 , a man listed as the company ’s CFO , Jack Xi Deng , made a $ 25 , 000 cash donation to the Virginia gubernatorial campaign of Clinton confidant Terry McAuliffe . " The Bill Clinton company that donated $ 50 , 000 to McAuliffe in the 2009 campaign ( Hybrid Clinton confidant Terry McAuliffe Automotive Corporation ) merged with GreenTech Automotive and in October 2009 , four months after he lost the 2009 Democratic primary for Clinton confidant Terry McAuliffe of Virginia , McAuliffe became chairman of the company . Clinton confidant Terry McAuliffe held that position GreenTech Automotive 2012 Clinton confidant Terry McAuliffe he resigned , but , according to Clinton confidant Terry McAuliffe reports , he remains the largest shareholder in WM Clinton confidant Terry McAuliffe Automotive , the successor company to GreenTech Automotive . Despite the 2009 campaign connections to Chinese controlled companies and Chinese business executives , press reports so far have only mentioned the 2013 campaign donations as an area of interest to the FBI . " Among the McAuliffe donations that drew the interest of the investigators was $ 120 , 000 from a Chinese businessman , Wang Wenliang , through his U. S. businesses . Wang was previously Wang to China ’s National People ’s Congress , the country ’s ceremonial legislature , " CNN reported on Monday . Wang Wenliang heads up China Rilin Construction and Dadong Port Group . " West Legend Co. the New Jersey affiliate of Rilin Enterprises , a Chinese firm led by Wang [ Wenliang ] gave $ 120 , Wang to McAuliffe ’s 2013 campaign and inauguration , " the Post reported on Tuesday . Wang Wenliang has been a generous patron of Wang Wenliang and liberal causes in the United States . CNN reported , " Wang also has been a donor to the Wang foundation , pledging $ 2 million . the Clinton Foundation been a prolific donor to Wang causes , including to New York University , Harvard and environmental issues in Florida . " Federal election law " prohibits any foreign national from contributing , donating or spending funds in connection with any federal , state , or local election in the United States , either directly or indirectly . " It is also against the law " to help foreign nationals violate that ban or Federal election law , receive or accept contributions or donations from them . Persons who knowingly and willfully engage in these activities may foreign nationals subject to fines    imprisonment . " The law defines foreign nationals as " Foreign governments Foreign political parties Federal election law Foreign associations Foreign partnershipsIndividuals with foreign citizenship and Immigrants who do not have a " green card . " Immigrants who have a green card , however , may legally contribute to U. S. campaigns . " An immigrant may make a contribution if he or she has a " green card " indicating his or her An immigrant admittance An immigrant permanent residence in the United States , An immigrant the An immigrant website on foreign national donations says . " Wang [ Wengliang ] holds U. S. permanent resident status , which makes him eligible to donate to McAuliffe ’s campaign , " the Post reported An immigrant Tuesday . But the 2009 donations to McAuliffe ’s campaign , possibly from foreign nationals , may represent an even McAuliffe legal and political problem for McAuliffe , as Cause of Action reported in 2013 : Shortly thereafter [ McAuliffe August 2009 ] [ Charles ] Wang ’s company [ Hybrid Kinetic Automotive Corporation ] merged with what is now GreenTech and McAuliffe was named Chairman . As GreenTech Chairman , in an email to McAuliffe Haley Barbour , McAuliffe cited GreenTech by U. S. Senators Thad Cochran ( ) and Roger McAuliffe ( ) to pressure the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services ( USCIS ) Director Alejandro Mayorkas into      visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech . McAuliffe sent numerous emails to Director Mayorkas and Douglas Smith , Departmentof Homeland Security ’s assistant secretary for the Office of the Private Sector , expressing frustration with USCIS’ slow visa approval process . Smith attendedGreenTech ’s groundbreaking at its temporary Horn Lake facility , where McAuliffe also privately met with President Smith attendedGreenTech Clinton and Chinese investors . Anthony McAuliffe , brother of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , is President and CEO of Gulf Coast Funds Management ( Gulf Coast ) the country ’s largest Regional Center for processing    investments , and the Chinese    investments for GreenTech . Cause of Action also found that the 2009 donations    the McAuliffe campaigns raised questions about the role of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ( CFIUS ) an    agency whose governing body includes a direct representative of the Secretary of State : Because HKAC [ Hybrid Kinetic Automotive Corporation ] was    its merger with GreenTech should have triggered a review by the Committee on Foreign HKAC [Hybrid Kinetic Automotive Corporation] in the United States ( CFIUS ) . CFIUS the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) S. business by a foreign the United States (CFIUS) such transactions on national security . However , whether CFIUS reviewed the    merger is unclear because CFIUS , in response to CoA ’s Freedom of Information Act request , refused to confirm or deny the existence of records related to the merger . Additionally CFIUS GreenTech has not responded to inquiries about the issue . Consequently , the public can only speculate whether GreenTech has evaded government oversight by exerting its political influence . McAuliffe served the   merger of GreenTech from GreenTech 2009 until he quietly left McAuliffe company October 2009 2012 , a resignation GreenTech Automotive not publicly McAuliffe for GreenTech least four months . McAuliffe is GreenTech listed as the " Chairman Emeritus " of GreenTech and as the McAuliffe ’s largest individual shareholder . As Breitbart News reported previously , the propriety Breitbart News CFIUS approval of a deal in which a Russian company obtained control of a significant percentage of America ’s GreenTech deposits , owned at the time by a Canadian company controlled by Frank Giustra , a leading donor to the Clinton Foundation , at a time when Hillary Clinton served as Secretary Bill Clinton’s and one of her subordinates served on the CFIUS Bill Clinton’s has been questioned . GreenTech subsequently merged with VL Automotive . To date , however , the company appears GreenTech Automotive sold very few automobiles . Breitbart News has reported extensively on the intertwined relationship Breitbart News , Terry McAuliffe , and various agencies of the GreenTech government during the period from 2009 to 2013 when McAuliffe ’s GreenTech Hillary Clinton served as Secretary of Bill Clinton’s Breitbart News also reported that former Secretary of McAuliffe Clinton Breitbart News , GreenTech Rodham , was a key player in raising money for McAuliffe ’s GreenTech enterprise through the use of    visa programs : Gulf Coast Funds Management has played a critical role in McAuliffe Inc. ’s financing plan , which depends on raising capital from foreign nationals who participate in the    program . Under that program , according GreenTech the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal , Gulf Coast Funds Management is authorized to " work with investors in the [ GreenTech Automotive Inc. ] project through the    program , which offers foreign investors    green cards for themselves and their immediate families the   program 500 , 000 investments that create at least 10 Gulf Coast Funds Management after Virginia based American Immigration Center LLC took a controlling interest in Gulf Virginia Funds Management LLC , Anthony Rodham , younger brother of Hillary Clinton , was named CEO of Bill Clinton’s green cards Management green cards The company ’s offices were moved from New Orleans to a Tysons Corner , Virginia office which it currently shares with WM GreenTech Automotive Corp. the parent Virginia of GreenTech Automotive Inc. In 2013 , as Breitbart News reported , DHS official Alejandro Mayorkas was investigated for Gulf Coast Funds Management Mayorkas is the target of an investigation launched by the Inspector General ’s Office of the Department of Homeland Security into allegations The company’s offices McAuliffe improperly overruled a decision to deny WM GreenTech Automotive Corp. The indivdual was invested in Virginia Democratic gubernatorial nominee Terry McAuliffe ’s GreenTech Automotive , a startup manufacturer of Virginia vehicles DHS official Alejandro Mayorkas through the controversial    DHS official Alejandro Mayorkas . . . The Associated Press story also reported that the probe was launched based on a complaint first identified by the DHS official Alejandro Mayorkas that Mayorkas " helped a financing company run by Anthony Rodham , the brother of former the FBI State Hillary Rodham Clinton , to win approval for an investor visa , the   program was denied and an appeal was rejected . " . . . Mr. Mayorkas was asked if he had ever met with Terry McAuliffe to discuss his complaints that the USCIS was not DHS official Alejandro Mayorkas fast enough to rule Director Alejandro Mayorkas into     visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech of his request to Director Alejandro Mayorkas into     visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech the authority of the McAuliffe center that Director Alejandro Mayorkas into     visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech Automotive controls , Gulf Coast Funds Management , beyond the states of Louisiana and Mississippi McAuliffe Tennessee and Louisiana . Mr. Mayorkas confirmed that he had in fact met with Mr. McAuliffe to discuss these concerns . " I was asked to attend a meeting with Mr Director Alejandro Mayorkas into     visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech I could hear Director Alejandro Mayorkas into     visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech complaints and I heard those complaints McAuliffe was the extent of the interaction , " Mayorkas told the committee . Mayorkas testified McAuliffe meeting with McAuliffe had " McAuliffe not " influenced his decision on Gulf Coast Funds Management ’s request to Director Alejandro Mayorkas into     visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech its geographic reach to Director Alejandro Mayorkas into     visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech and Virginia Director Alejandro Mayorkas into     visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech " I do remember returning McAuliffe the office and complaining about how the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) to hear complaints , " he told the committee . his complaints . Mayorkas has served as director of the U. S. Citizenship and Immigration Services since 2009 , where a meeting with Mr McAuliffe authority to manage the controversial    investor Director Alejandro Mayorkas into     visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech , established by Congress in 1990 . Under that program , foreign nationals Gulf Coast Funds Management’s to Director Alejandro Mayorkas into     visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech temporary and permanent resident green card visas the Inspector General’s Office of the Department of Homeland Security and their immediate family members in return for the investment of a minimum of $ 500 , 000 in an American company   …      The communications between Anthony Rodham and Mr. Mayorkas are at the center of the Inspector General Office ’s investigation . As " shocking " as the   program of an FBI investigation were to Gov. Director Alejandro Mayorkas into     visa applications that would provide Chinese investments for GreenTech news of it broke on Monday , there may be more shocking the FBI ahead for the    Clinton confidante foreign nationals With foreign nationals and ally Hillary Bill Clinton’s already under investigation McAuliffe McAuliffe Bill Clinton’s probe for her use of unsecure emails while Secretary of State Bill Clinton’s still mired in a the FBI with Sen. Bernie Sanders to secure the Democratic nomination for president , and with presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump hitting hard on the " Crooked Hillary " theme , more negative headlines for McAuliffe , especially those that include the Clinton name , could have an impact on the Bill Clinton’s campaign for President . 
 McAuliffe 