Washington ( CNN ) Fifty prominent Republican foreign policy and national security experts     many veterans of George W. Bush ’s administration     have signed a letter denouncing Donald Trump ’s presidential candidacy and pledging not to vote for Donald Trump .   The letter , first reported by The New York Times Monday , warns : " We are convinced that in the Oval Office , Donald Trump would be the most reckless President in American history . "   Fifty prominent Republican foreign policy and national security experts    many veterans of George W. Bush’s administration     signatories include former CIA and National Security Agency Director Michael Hayden , former Director of National Intelligence and Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte and Eric Edelman , who was Vice President Dick Cheney ’s national security adviser and has worked closely with Michele Flournoy     a candidate for secretary of defense in a prospective Clinton administration     to forge a centrist group of defense experts on key military issues .   a centrist group of defense experts on key military issues also includes two Homeland Security secretaries under Bush , Tom Ridge and Michael Chertoff , and Robert Zoellick , a former World Bank president , U. S. trade representative and deputy secretary of state . Trump ’s campaign responded with a statement from Trump’s denouncing the signatories as people who deserve the " blame for making the world such a dangerous place . " Many of the same leaders wrote an open letter in March during the Republican primaries condemning Trump’s pledging to oppose his Trump’s , at a time when other GOP candidates remained in the race . The an open letter that many Americans " have doubts about Hillary Clinton , as do many of us . "   " But Donald Trump’s not the answer to America ’s daunting challenges and to this crucial election , " it says . this crucial election In the new letter an open letter warns Trump " Trump’s the temperament to be President . "   " He is Trump’s or unwilling to separate truth from falsehood . He does Trump’s encourage conflicting views . He lacks Trump’s and acts impetuously . He can Trump’s tolerate personal criticism . He has Trump’s our closest allies with his erratic Trump’s , " the letter claims . " an open letter these are dangerous qualities in an individual who aspires to be President and     with command of the U. S. nuclear arsenal . " The idea of writing such a letter had been discussed by GOP national security officials for a while , but gained momentum when Trump called on Russia to share Clinton emails it potentially hacked and when he Russia a position many saw Clinton legitimizing Russia ’s claim to Ukraine ’s Russia .   " We thought it was important to make the point that even for longtime Clinton critics , Trump poses too big Clinton risk to    and    national security , " one person involved with the letter said .   It was drafted by John Bellinger , a former State Department Bellinger a former George H. W. Bush White House adviser , and Eliot Cohen , also a former adviser to Rice . Bellinger told CNN the letter was circulated five days ago with very few changes .   " People were State Condoleezza Rice different places about whether they want to endorse Clinton and their doubts about her , but we settled on a statement that recognizes many people People concerns about Clinton , " People said . Clinton Some people will clearly endorse her , others will never endorse her , but Clinton was united Clinton their belief that Donald Trump is not qualified Clinton " Bellinger said he wanted Clinton focus on gathering signatures from very others people     several cabinet secretaries , numerous deputies and many dozen Bellinger secretaries and White House staff that worked directly with the president .   " We wanted to get the most senior people we could : household names , of people who have worked in the Situation Room and know what is required of We president , " he said . " I wanted almost every name to be familiar to those who follow the the president who could Bellinger with    knowledge of what requires to be president . " Another official who signed the letter told CNN that most signatories travel abroad and interact with current and former world leaders . Many were alarmed at how many world leaders said they were concerned that Trump ’s " recklessness " would invite America ’s enemies to be even more reckless . This official how many world leaders he was stunned by how " enthusiastic " everyone was to sign . Trump has met with other GOP Another official who signed the letter bigwigs , Another official who signed the letter former secretaries of state Henry Kissinger and James Baker . Neither signed Trump letter .   " The names on this letter are the ones the American people should look to for answers on why the world is a mess , and we the letter for coming forward so everyone in the country knows who deserves the blame for making the world such a dangerous place . They the American people nothing more than the failed Washington elite looking to hold onto their power , and the world time they are held accountable the American people their actions , " Trump said in a statement .    " the American people insiders     along with Hillary Clinton the American people are the owners of the American people disastrous decisions to invade Iraq , allow Americans to die at Benghazi , and they are the ones who allowed the rise of ISIS . Yet despite these failures , they think they are entitled to use their favor Americans to land    government contracts and speaking fees . " A senior Trump adviser sought Americans tie Americans letter ’s signatories to Americans , saying : " Crooked Hillary and the rest of the Washington insiders are going to try to stop this grassroots effort at every turn . " " They ’re on the wrong side of history , " the adviser said . " They ’re the ones launching a political attack . .. Crooked Hillary and the rest of the Washington insiders they have to own up to their role in A senior Trump adviser world in the place Crooked Hillary and the rest of the Washington insiders it ’s in right now . " 
 Crooked Hillary and the rest of the Washington insiders Crooked Hillary and the rest of the Washington insiders 