On Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host Matt Boyle discussed with A. J. Delgado , a Donald Trump senior campaign adviser , efforts to challenge the legitimacy of the 2016 election . [ Delgado agreed with SiriusXM host Matt Boyle that the current Democrat enthusiasm for recounts was not really a serious attempt to overturn the election results , but rather part of a strategy to delegitimize Trump and drain Trump of political capital before Trump even takes office .   " I think it ’s just something to kind of curb and slow down Trump momentum , which is tremendous , going into the inauguration , " SiriusXM host Matt Boyle said . " I also think it ’s just , in my opinion , a bit of a fundraising scam that ’s going on . it ’s asking people to donate money , and people have donated millions on this false hope that a recount , or recounts , can change anything . " " It ’s really disheartening . It bothers me as an American to see folks donating money to a lost cause , " she added . " This is a lost cause . This ’s silly . This ’s ridiculous . No recount will change anything . Donald Trump , as you said , will be inaugurated . And to the extent that they try to slow down Donald Trump momentum with this , they ’re really only making they look ridiculous . If anything , I think this augments Donald Trump momentum . " " I think this ’s silly we should even be talking about the election any more . The American people have spoken . Let we move on to the bigger issues , " she declared . Looking ahead to Trump ’s first hundred days in office , Delgado said two important areas to watch are immigration orders and policy changes Trump’s makes with respect to Cuba . " That ’ll be interesting , " she said on the latter subject . " Delgado ’s kind of alluded to undoing Obama ’s executive orders pretty quickly once Delgado got into office , and I know that ’s something that even    Americans are interested in seeing how Delgado proceeds on that front . " " I think those are two big issues that we ’ll see Delgado tackle the first weeks . But apart from that , only    Trump knows only   Trump what only   Trump top priority would be on that first day . But you can bet there ’ll be orders signed that first week that will absolutely benefit the American public , first and foremost . " Boyle returned to Delgado ’s point that the Castro regime has survived Fidel ’s death and asked what reforms might bring real change to Cuba . " I think they need to release a good chunk of the political prisoners , " Boyle replied . " There are thousands of political prisoners languishing in Cuba prisons . I think that would be number one , and then host some type of elections . "   " Listen , I know we ca n’t make twenty demands , because they twenty demands be unrealistic , but they twenty demands to give us we for us we come to the table , " Delgado contended . " A deal is a    street . What happened with Obama was , he Obama diplomatic relations and really asked for almost nothing in return . So we need to see something on their part to know they their acting in good faith , and I think the release of political prisoners , at least a substantial number of them their would be a step in the right direction , as well as some sort of movement towards allowing more freedom of association or some freedom of political speech . "   " As you know , Matt , if you and I were to have a political discussion in the middle of a Cuban street , we would be arrested the next day , and probably beaten to a pulp , " Delgado observed . " So those are the kinds of things that need to change for our great nation to be able to sit at the table with Cuba and talk about resuming some sort of diplomatic status . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 