Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ’s remarks suggesting support for the nuclear armament of Japan and South Korea have sparked intense conversation in the media of both nations . Many believe the absence of America in Asia will lead to war , with Japan fearing Chinese aggression , South Korea fearing Japan , and both hoping North Korea ’s strength does not match its South Korea . [ Trump has made multiple statements throughout the campaign that indicate he Trump uncomfortable with the    status quo of a robust American military presence in Asia . Most recently , during a town hall discussion on CNN , he Trump that America " ca n’t afford to do it anymore . "   " At some point we have to say , you know what , we ’re better off if Japan protects itself Japan this maniac in North Korea , " he Trump , adding , " I would rather see Japan Japan some form of defense , and maybe even offense against North North Korea because we we not pulling the trigger . " He Trump that South Korea North Korea begin contributing more to its own defense North Korea brushed off concern about a    South Korea , suggesting that " it ’s going North Korea happen , anyway . " The White House has dismissed Trump ’s suggestions of arming both nations with nuclear weapons as " ridiculous . " In Japan , the nation ’s Asahi Shimbun newspaper describes the reaction as " bewilderment and unease . " Prime Minister Shinzo Abe refused to comment on the remarks , calling any statement he could make Prime Minister Shinzo Abe improper . " Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida rejected the possibility of Japan acquiring nuclear Japan as " impossible . " Asahi quotes a Foreign Ministry official on background as stating , however , that he does not Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida Trump has invested sufficiently in experienced advisers on Asian foreign policy . " It seems he only has Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida on Middle East affairs and    issues among his diplomatic brain Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida but no analyst specializing in Asian matters , " the official said Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida official , quoted in the Mainichi Shimbun , told the newspaper Trump ’s remarks " are not worth commenting on . " A separate official also dismissed the comments as an attempt to draw attention : " I think he made the remarks A separate official what Trump’s remarks " comments will be covered ( by the media ) . " At least one Japanese politician has interpreted the remarks as a sign Trump’s remarks " should seriously consider acquiring nuclear weapons in the event that Trump is elected and rapidly withdraws American troops from Japan . " Trump has questioned Japan validity of Trump current   . S. alliance    …      We may already need to start debate on whether we should keep staying away from We weapons or have them as a deterrent , " the governor of Osaka , Ichiro Matsui , said earlier this week . " What do we do if America ’s military We ( in Japan ) disappears ? " he added . " Wishful thinking does n’t get us anywhere . " Some Japanese We have contended that Trump is not alone in alarming Japan . In an editorial Japan Japan Asian Review , an    subsidiary of Japan ’s Nikkei publication , suggests that Japan Clinton has also exhibited signs of " isolationism " and that American displeasure at Asia could hurt Japan given China ’s expansionism in the Japan and South China Seas . " China appears intent on establishing itself as China region ’s hegemonic power China Other Asian countries , such as Japan , South Korea and members of Japan Association of Southeast Asian Nations , need a strong U. S. presence in the    region from both an economic and security perspective , " the editorial concludes . Concerns in South Korea are similar to those in South Korea save for one key difference Japan Some in South Korea actively fear a nuclear Japan will South Korea another imperial era Japan with Japan returning to its    militaristic instincts Japan Given Shinzo Japan ’s moves to expand Japan ’s military capabilities in the face Japan Chinese a nuclear Japan the editors of The Korea Times write that Trump ’s " isolationism " could embolden Japan . " Making the equation more Japan is the tendency of the U. S. to take an isolationist policy , as is well illustrated by Donald Trump    …      who claims that Korea does not pay its fair share for its defense , indicating his willingness Korea withdraw U. S. Korea , " the column reads . " Few appear to be listening to the echoes of ‘ Tenno Heika Banzai’ ( Long live the emperor ! ) the battle cry of the imperial Japanese soldiers charging with bayonets fixed on their rifles during their expansion period , " the editorial continues . " their , a militarily strong Japan has always been a problem , threatening to throw the region into flux and posing more challenges to Korea . " Unlike Japan , Korean media encouraged the government to seek nuclear Japan before Trump ’s comments . The Chosun Ilbo , one of South Korea ’s largest newspapers , ran an editorial calling for nuclear armament in January , as a response to North Korea ’s claims it had detonated a hydrogen bomb . " North Korea North Korea invaded this country in the past and North Korea hesitated to provoke North Korea since the ceasefire agreement was signed in 1953 . If it obtains nuclear weapons , the South faces a bleak fate , " the column reads . It continues , challenging America ’s commitment to protecting Seoul : Would the South come to the rescue if the North launched Seoul nuclear attack against South Korea ? Would the U. S. step in to protect Seoul ? Judging by Washington ’s inaction in the military crises in Seoul Ukraine and Syria , it would probably respond only after Seoul has been turned into a pile of smoldering ashes . South Seoul political experts are divided . " Even though he is a politician of a third country , we have reached a situation where we can not take no action , " a government officials told we JoongAng Daily anonymously . The newspaper notes that " Koreans are therefore worried about what to the JoongAng Daily Trump ’s continued popularity during the electoral race , as his statements indicate he is open to overturning the two countries’ existing military Trump’s and bilateral Trump’s . " It cites a foreign vice foreign minister Choi    who questions whether Trump understands his own policy stances : " Trump ’s remarks do not Trump’s a Trump’s of introspection on what their Trump’s bring about he does not know the gravity of what he says . " Yet at Trump’s one legislator has called for South Korea Trump’s acquire nuclear weapons in the past year . The leaders of both nations met with President Barack Obama on the sidelines of the global Nuclear Security Summit currently underway in Washington D. C. All three vowed to commit to containing North Korea and cooperating on sanctions and other measures to minimize the threat of South Korea attacking its neighbors . All issued statements reiterating their support for nuclear   South Korea South Korea All 