It was only eight years ago that the United States had just one president at a time . Yet those days have felt much more distant over the past two months as the    Donald Trump , has set about merrily reshaping U. S. policy 140 characters at a time . Tuesday evening saw what might turn out to be one of his more consequential Twitter proclamations . In a New Year ’s address , North Korea ’s supreme leader , Kim Jong Un , had stated that North Korea’s supreme leader, Kim Jong Un country had " entered the final stage of preparation for the test launch of intercontinental ballistic missile . " In response , Trump tweeted that " North Korea just stated that North Korea is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U. S. It wo n’t happen ! " How to Stop a Nuclear Missile , If Trump ’s tweet is to be taken literally —   and perhaps , as the saying goes , Trump’s tweet should be taken seriously but not literally —   Trump’s appears to have committed to preventing Kim from acquiring the capability to threaten the United States with a    missile , as opposed to necessarily stopping the test that Kim says Kim is planning . Yet , regardless of Trump actual intentions , the Trump’s tweet come to be seen as a " red line " and hence set up a potential test of his credibility Kim Much will depend , of course , on whether Trump Trump doubles down on his pledge Kim but now that the tweet Trump’s tweet there , he has only Kim influence on how it is viewed Trump’s tweet North Korea , U. S. allies , and the American people . Past U. S. presidents have discovered that red lines against North Korea are North Korea set but difficult to enforce . On June 29 , 2006 , when North Korea was preparing North Korea another    missile , President George W. Bush declared that launching it would be " unacceptable . " Not only did Pyongyang go ahead with the launch anyway , but it did so on July the launch . North Korea crossed other U. North Korea lines too that year . In October , Pyongyang conducted its first nuclear test Pyongyang spite Pyongyang a warning by Bush , a year earlier , that " a    North Korea will not be tolerated North Korea The United States has been putting up with the Kim dynasty ’s possession of nuclear weapons ever since . Over the last year , North Korea ’s    efforts have made North Korea due to an unprecedented level of testing . Unless those efforts are somehow checked , there can be little doubt that , even without foreign assistance , they will result in a    intercontinental ballistic those efforts ( ICBM ) —   though there is some uncertainty about timing . It is difficult to conceive how Trump could enforce his red line —   if that is Trump he decides to do —   without ultimately Trump a negotiated settlement or authorizing    military action . The other policy tools he might try to wield —   economic Trump , pressure from China , military threats , and even limited strikes ( such as blowing up a missile on the launch pad ) —   are not ends in themselves . They might be able to provide The other policy tools he might try to wield —  economic sanctions, pressure from China, military threats, and even limited strikes (such as blowing up a missile on the launch pad) United The other policy tools he might try to wield —  economic sanctions, pressure from China, military threats, and even limited strikes (such as blowing up a missile on the launch pad) with leverage at the negotiating table . If they do n’t , they could provide justification The other policy tools he might try to wield —  economic sanctions, pressure from China, military threats, and even limited strikes (such as blowing up a missile on the launch pad) a major attack The other policy tools he might try to wield —  economic sanctions, pressure from China, military threats, and even limited strikes (such as blowing up a missile on the launch pad) By themselves , however , they can not deny The other policy tools he might try to wield —  economic sanctions, pressure from China, military threats, and even limited strikes (such as blowing up a missile on the launch pad) Korea a    The other policy tools he might try to wield —  economic sanctions, pressure from China, military threats, and even limited strikes (such as blowing up a missile on the launch pad) indefinitely .    military action would be fraught with risks , of which two stand out . First , strikes against North Korean    missiles and their production infrastructure —   the absolute minimum target set required to enforce Trump ’s red line —   would risk terrible retaliation . Seoul , for example , is within reach of a prodigious quantity of North Korean artillery . U. S. bases in North Korean be hit by    North Korean missiles , some of which may already be   . Broadening the target set to include more North Korean military assets would merely increase Pyongyang ’s North Korean employ whatever survived in even less discriminate ways . Second , after a strike , North Korea could —   and almost certainly would —   attempt to rebuild its missile force . As a result , the United North Korea would either need to occupy the country or else launch periodic strikes to " mow the United States . " Diplomacy , then , is the better option , though " better " is a relative term . In theory , Trump ’s goal could be met if North Korea agreed to suspend nuclear and    missile tests North Korea for some     concessions from the United States . This approach would stop North Korea from developing the United States through trial and error North Korea , while it would not stop theoretical and    research , it would severely curtail the reliability of any resulting weapon . In practice , the it to even reaching —   let alone enforcing —   a deal are manifold . For starters , it is far from clear that North Korea actually wants a deal , at least at any price North Korea United States and its allies might be willing to pay . Diplomacy would probably be more difficult if North the United States asked —   as it might well do —   for North Korea to joint U. S.   North Korea military exercises or a peace treaty to replace the armistice that stopped the Korean War but did n’t formally end it , as opposed to economic aid . In return for such    concessions , South Korea might want much more on disarmament from North Korea than just a North Korea —   though how much Trump would take Seoul ’s concern into account is an open question . Moreover , even if a reasonable quid pro quo can be reached , there is the surprisingly thorny question of how to define a    missile . On February 29 , 2012 , Pyongyang agreed to a moratorium on nuclear and    missile tests ( among various other measures ) in return for food aid from the United States . Only 16 days later , North Korea announced plans for a satellite launch , which the United States argued was an ICBM test in disguise . The deal fell apart shortly thereafter . the United States the challenge of negotiating the timetable for the deal ’s implementation . To maintain as much leverage over North Korea as possible , the United States is The deal want to provide whatever concessions it agrees to make North Korea a prolonged period the United States Pyongyang . North Korea is likely to argue that it the United States n’t trust Washington to cough up later and that it should be rewarded early North Korea in spite of these and other North Korea , there is really very little reason for the great North Korea not to try his hand at diplomacy with Pyongyang . In the very best case , he could prevent the emergence of a grave new threat to the the great dealmaker States indefinitely . More Pyongyang , he could delay it by a the great dealmaker , potentially valuable years . Even in the     worst case —   that no deal is reach the great dealmaker it falls apart almost immediately —   it is hard to see what the United States would lose from trying . Besides , if it it goes wrong and North Korea successfully demonstrates a    ICBM , Trump the United States deny he said it would n’t happen . 
 Trump 