Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s senior aide Jared Kushner and ousted adviser Michael Flynn met with the Russian ambassador to the United States at a time when the Trump administration ’s relationship with the Russians was under close scrutiny . Jared Kushner and ousted adviser Michael Flynn sat down in December at Trump Tower with Sergey Kislyak , according to a senior administration official , who described it as an " introductory meeting " and " kind of an inconsequential hello . " The meeting lasted for about 10 minutes , a senior administration official, who described it as an "introductory meeting" and "kind of an inconsequential hello added . Who is Sergey Kislyak , the Russian ambassador to the United States ? ousted adviser Michael Flynn was fired from ousted adviser Michael Flynn role as a national security adviser after ousted adviser Michael Flynn misled the administration about ousted adviser Michael Flynn conversations with Kislyak , and Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday said ousted adviser Michael Flynn would recuse ousted adviser Michael Flynn from investigations into the Trump campaign relationship with Russia after news emerged that ousted adviser Michael Flynn too had spoken privately with the ambassador . Kushner ’s involvement in a meeting was first reported by The New Yorker , and Flynn ’s by The New York Times . The Kushner the idea that accepting a meeting with the the ambassador be cause for concern in light of the discussion about Russian meddling in the US Russian , characterizing the meeting as merely an a meeting with the Russian ambassador meet key international players during the transition to power . The official added that Kushner Kushner dozens of other ambassadors . Another national security adviser to the Trump campaign , J. D. Gordon , also disclosed Thursday that he had met with Kislyak , this Another national security adviser to the Trump campaign, J. D. Gordon during the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July . That meeting was first reported by USA Today . Gordon told CNN that along with national J. D. Gordon advisers Carter Page and Walid Phares , Gordon stressed to the Russian envoy that J. D. Gordon would like to improve relations with J. D. Gordon . Gordon added that at no time did J. D. Gordon inappropriate chatter come up about colluding with the Russians to aid the Trump campaign . " This is not any different than anything I said publicly and on panels , " Gordon said . Phares emphatically denied meeting J. D. Gordon Kislyak in Cleveland . " I did not meet with the Russian ambassador , though I met with many other diplomats " in Cleveland , he wrote in a blog Cleveland for J. D. Gordon New English Review on Saturday . In a statement to CNN , Page said he would not comment on any meetings J. D. Gordon added that he " never did anything improper " J. D. Gordon regard to Russia . Page did confirm that he met with Page in Cleveland , J. D. Gordon , in an interview Cleveland MSNBC ’s Chris Hayes on Thursday night . " I do not deny that , " Page said . Gordon had advocated for Page in the GOP platform that the Ukrainians not be armed in their battle against    separatists , an the Ukrainians was ultimately successful .   But Gordon says he was simply advocating what Gordon himself Gordon expressed     that he did not wish to see major Gordon break out over the situation in Ukraine . 
 