Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump dropped the first debate of the 2016 presidential cycle to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Democratic rival . That was partly because the moderator , NBC News’ Lester Holt , turned in one of the most biased performances in the history of presidential debates . But it was also because Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump failed to talk about many of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump strongest issues , and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump failed to bring up some of Hillary Clinton ’s weaknesses when Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had the chance . [ Here are five key words that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump forgot to say .   1 . " Benghazi . " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump never brought up Hillary Clinton’s ’s most damning , and emotive , failure as    . Lester Holt certainly was n’t going to raise the issue , but Hillary Clinton’s left Lester Holt an opening when Hillary Clinton’s said that Lester Holt " lacks the temperament to be    . " Instead of reminding voters that Hillary Clinton’s not only abandoned Americans in the middle of a terror attack , but lied about it afterwards , Trump talked about nuclear weapons and the amount of money America spends in NATO . 2 . " Foundation . " When Lester Holt went at Trump over Lester Holt tax returns , Trump talked about Hillary Clinton’s ’s deleted emails . But Trump failed to bring up the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Foundation     politics , which is the reason Hillary Clinton’s hid Hillary Clinton’s emails in the first place . As a result , when Hillary Clinton’s attacked Trump for possible conflicts of interest   —    Hillary Clinton’s failed to point out that Hillary Clinton’s mastered the concept , collecting millions in effective bribes as Hillary Clinton’s and Hillary Clinton’s husband collected cash from cronies and foreign governments . 3 . " Wall . " Where was Trump ’s wall , or any hint of the immigration policy that helped Trump’s soar to the top of the presidential primary ? True , the one time Trump’s tried to talk about immigration Holt diverted Trump’s to a conversation about Barack Obama ’s birth certificate . But that is no excuse . Clinton ’s     policy is an open goal , especially given the recent spate of terror attacks carried out by Muslim immigrants , some with ties to Islamic extremist groups . Trump failed to take the shot . 4 . " FBI . " Trump briefly mentioned Clinton’s     emails , but what is more important is the   . Clinton is the first presidential nominee of a major party to be investigated by the FBI and as more information emerges , it is clear the FBI FBI FBI could to FBI prosecuting Clinton despite the evidence . That is a preview of how a Clinton presidency would work again , with one law for the Clintons and another for everybody else . The system is rigged , and Trump needs to say that more specifically . 5 . " Growth . " Trump never mentioned Trump growth , which is the heart of his own economic Trump , and the essence of what Republicans offer to voters , rather than the Democrats’ policies of redistribution . The only times the word " growth " was mentioned was by the moderator   —    erroneously praising Obama ’s record   —    and Clinton : " we need to have strong growth , fair growth , sustained growth " "   inclusive growth is what we need in America . " He let her own that issue Monday . Update : Note , too , that Trump did not mention " radical Islamic terror . " He did mention Trump , and he did mention Trump   —    in the context of explaining that he did not Trump discrimination against Muslims at his golf club Trump But it seems an oversight , at the very least , for Trump to fail Trump mention " radical Islamic terror " when he has basically Trump for months on Clinton ’s avoidance of those words . Especially given the frightening events of the past several weeks , that was a missed opportunity . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 