  ( CNN ) Jeb Bush is resolutely # NeverTrump but Jeb Bush son , George P. Bush , no longer is . Jeb Bush , the Texas land commissioner , is breaking with his father Jeb Bush a former Donald Trump Republican primary rival , to back the GOP nominee . George P. Jeb Bush after a nasty Republican primary battle in which Trump repeatedly mocked Jeb Bush Trump a former Florida governor , as " low energy , " among other insults . The Texas Tribune reported that at a Saturday gathering of Texas Team Bush , it ’s a bitter pill to swallow , but you know what ? You get back up and you help the man that won , and you make sure that we stop Hillary Clinton , " Bush said , according to Jeb Bush made by an audience member .   On Monday a Bush family confidante , CNN Jeb Bush commentator Ana Navarro Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton George P. Bush ’s endorsement of Trump was unenthusiastic but necessary .   " I think it ’s probably not easy for George P. Bush , " Jeb Bush ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room . " " I suspect that he feels about as George P. Bush’s endorsement of Trump enthusiasm for Jeb Bush Donald Trump as I do about    Ana Navarro . CNN But " that being said , he has got some requirements , " Jeb Bush ’s got to fulfill for the Jeb Bush Republican Trump " The guy probably was n’t his 10th choice . But he is Jeb Bush nominee we have , and George P. is doing what he needs to do , and I ’m sure his father has absolutely no trouble with it . " George The guy Bush , first elected in 2014 , has until now been a George P. holdout . He ’s been far from the George P. Bush family member to refrain from backing Trump . Former Presidents George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush     George P. Bush ’s grandfather and Trump , respectively     both George P. Bush’s Cleveland last month . Trump Jeb Bush has been vehement in his opposition to Trump , saying he wo n’t vote for the nominee in November . In July , Jeb Bush predicted that Donald Trump ’s supporters will feel " betrayed George P. Bush his campaign promises Trump to George P. Bush reality . " There is George P. Bush going to be a wall built , " Bush said in an George P. Bush . " And Mexico ’s not going to pay for it . And George P. Bush ’s not going to be a ban on Muslims . " Trump has n’t forgiven or forgotten his primary George P. Bush with Jeb Bush . In June , the    Republican nominee accused     without substantiation     his former rival of leading an effort among GOP delegates to block him from Donald Trump’s the nomination in Cleveland . Donald Trump’s By the way George P. Bush is working on the movement , just so you understand . I love competition the   Republican nominee that . I love it , " Trump said during a the   Republican nominee rally in Las Vegas . A longtime Jeb Bush adviser , Sally George P. Bush , last week said she had become an independent , adding if the presidential race in Florida is close , she ’ll vote for Hillary Clinton . George P. Bush , 40 , is the fourth straight generation of his family in elected office Trump The lawyer and father of two struck out on familiar family political turf in Texas Trump rather than Florida where he was raised . 
 Florida George P. Bush George P. Bush 