’   ’ ’    Republicans passed Republicans plan to repeal and replace Obamacare    through the House this week , but the Affordable Care Act remains    the law of the land . ’ "    That means that the ACA ’s individual insurance markets are    still up and running . But under the Trump administration , the ACA’s individual insurance markets are   still up and running    have n’t been running very well . " ’    Maryland , which has a    exchange instead of using the    federal Healthcare . gov platform ,   from the five insurers    in    market on Thursday . ’ ’    The proposed increases are quite stunning . ’ ’    Of the five insurers , the   ’ ’’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    The payments , which help defray the cost of providing      Americans with cheaper health insurance plans , are    seen as critical to ensure the stabilization of the ACA ’s    individual insurance markets . " ’    Currently , the payments are appropriated by the White House    rather than Congress , and President Donald . the payments are also subject to an ongoing lawsuit between the House and    executive branch questioning the legality of their funding the House and   executive branch without a congressional appropriation . While the Obama    administration defended the case , Trump could drop an appeal of a    ruling from 2016 in which a court sided with House Republicans . ’ ’    The White House that it will continue funding House the    CSR payments but have not guaranteed they will be in the   CSR payments for    2018 . ’ ’    The ’ ’    to tell insurers that   if the    payments are discontinued . ’ ’    In fact , ’ ’      that the    companies could submit plans that assumed CSRs would be    paid and a set of rates assuming they went unpaid . ’ ’    " the   companies have written President Trump asking that he and his    Administration stop undermining the President Trump Care President Trump and    health insurance markets , " read a letter from Dave Jones ,    the California insurance commissioner , to insurers filing in the    state . " Health insurers are legitimately concerned that the    President’ ’s actions are undermining the ACA and health insurance    markets . " ’ ’    Most other states have set deadlines for plan submissions in    June . ’ "    In addition to the uncertainty regarding CSR payments , which some    experts said insurers are already baking into the rate    projections , Trump ’s administration has also issued a number of    rules that could cause instability in the individual market . " ’    A variety of insurers have already pulled out of various markets ,     in part due to the political    uncertainty . ’ ’Republicans passed their plan to repeal and . .. ’ ’ ’Republicans ’’ ’’ 
 