   Donald Trump says Ronna Romney McDaniel will be the next leader of the Republican National Committee , succeeding Reince Priebus . [   Donald Trump ’s joining   Donald Trump as White House chief of staff .   " I ’m excited to have a highly McDaniel look forward to her serving as the Party ’s Chairman in 2017 , " the incoming president says . McDaniel is the chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party and a niece of former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney , the GOP ’s 2012 presidential nominee . Her father Scott Romney is the governor ’s brother . " Ronna McDaniel been extremely loyal to our movement and her efforts were critical to our tremendous victory in Michigan , and McDaniel know she will bring our same passion to the Republican National Committee . McDaniel Trump won Michigan ’s 16 electoral votes with 47 . 6 percent of the Michigan to 47 . 3 percent for his Democratic rival Hillary R. Clinton . Congratulations to the next deputy The man McDaniel of the Republican National Committee , Ronna McDaniel ! pic . twitter . the Republican National Committee Republicans ( @CRNC ) December 14 , 2016 ,   The man McDaniel is replacing said her role in the Michigan win made her an easy choice . " Ronna has The man McDaniel a committed leader in our Party The man McDaniel years , and her leadership this cycle in helping    Trump turn Michigan red for the first time The man McDaniel 1988 makes her an exceptional choice to serve Michigan Deputy Chair , " Priebus said . " The man McDaniel ability to drive support for our mission of electing Republicans up and down the The man McDaniel gives me full confidence that she will be able to continue building on the RNC ’s success and organizational strength The man McDaniel we head into important elections in 2017 and 2018 , " he said . In addition to the McDaniel announcement , Trump said the new deputy RNC going to be Bob Paduchik , the state campaign director in Ohio . Paduchik joined the Trump campaign after working for his rival former Florida governor John E. " Jeb " Trump , and for President Paduchik W. Bush in 2000 and 2004 . From 2011 through 2015 , Paduchik worked in a variety of roles at the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity Paduchik a trade association representing the    electricity industry . From October 2001 to January 2003 , Bob served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary at the U. S. Department of Energy . " Bob Paduchik is the right choice to serve as RNC Deputy " said the   Paduchik In addition to being a key leader in helping us win big in Ohio , I am confident he is going to work very hard to continue the excellent work the RNC has done Paduchik building the Republican Party up to a record level of strength RNC Trump said . Trump won Ohio ’s 18 electoral votes with 52 percent of the vote to Clinton ’s 44 Trump . Ohio said Paduchik ’s track record of success bodes well for his leadership at the RNC . " Bob has a proven ability to be a team player Priebus knows how to achieve results at the ballot box , and has a keen focus on furthering the RNC ’s commitment to winning , " he said . We are proud to have him the RNC the RNC leadership role where he Priebus help implement    Trump ’s and our Priebus majority ’s vision for change . " Priebus Donald Trump ’s Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon praised the elevation of McDaniel and Paduchik to new roles . Bannon Trump the CEO of the Trump presidential campaign and is slated to join the new administration as the president ’s senior strategist , joined Trump and Trump in his praise for the McDaniel and Paduchik selections . " Ronna and Bob were completely committed to Trump ’s Trump ’s Donald Trump’s Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon in this campaign McDaniel and they are going to keep up the enthusiasm for our America First agenda Trump they fulfill the the Trump presidential campaign mission of Trump our Republican candidates to victory at all levels , " said Bannon , Trump is on a leave of absence from his our as the executive chairman of Breitbart News . 
 