’   ’ ’    Another woman has come forward and accused Donald Trump of sexual    misconduct by alleging that the Republican nominee kissed Another woman    without Another woman consent about 20 years ago . ’ "    On Saturday ,   a       New York woman who alleged the incident took    place at Trump ’s     estate on Mother ’s Day , when a      New York woman who alleged the incident    was eating brunch with a      New York woman who alleged the incident family . a      New York woman who alleged the incident believes the year was    1997 . " ’    Heller said Trump’s     stopped at Heller table after greeting other    diners . ’ ’    " Trump’s     took my hand , and grabbed me , and went for the lips , " Heller told The Guardian . ’ ’    She Heller she Heller lost her Heller as she Heller away from Trump’s     .    Heller Heller Trump said , " Oh , come on , " and kissed the    side of her Heller as she Heller her Heller . ’ ’’ ’    " He was pissed . He He believe a woman would pass up the    opportunity , " said Heller Heller adding that she a woman Trump Trump " entitled " to kiss her . a woman ’    Heller Heller the latest of several women to come forward    publicly in recent days with similar accusations of sexual    misconduct    Trump . Trump accounts followed the    release of a   in which Trump was Trump bragging about groping    women and kissing them . women ’    During his debate with Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton    two days after the recording was published , Trump called Trump    recorded conversation " locker room talk " and denied that he had Trump acted on his words Trump ’ ’    " It’ ’s not ’’ just talk . ’’    …      It’ ’s It’ , " Heller told The Guardian .    " He can’’t claim we’’re all liars . " ’ ’    The Trump campaign issued a firm denial of Heller’ ’s accusations    Saturday afternoon and said the media had " gone too far " in    "    this false accusation " from a " politically motivated    Democratic activist with a legal dispute against this same resort    owned by Mr. Trump . " ’ "    Heller said she has   Heller $ 2 , 700 to Hillary Clinton ’s campaign    and met her once   Heller a fundraiser . The family of Heller ’s Heller    has also been attempting for years to recover initiation fees to    join     The Guardian reported . " ’    " There is no way that something like this would have happened in    a    place on Mother’ ’s Day at Mr. Trump’ ’s resort . It would    have been the talk of Palm Beach for the past two decades , " Trump    campaign spokesman Jason Miller said in a statement . ’ ’    He added Trump   campaign spokesman Jason Miller " Anyone covering this story should be embarrassed for    elevating    bogus claim . " ’ 
 