’   ’ ’    US    Donald Trump   over the phone Friday , a    diplomatic move that seems to have broken many rules about    how phone calls between world leaders get made .   ’ "    Though   Donald Trump is a highly unusual     —    having never    held elected office   —    there ’s a normal procedure in place for    these types of phone calls since Rutherford B. Hayes first     in the White House in 1877 . Everything    is meticulously planned to leave very little to chance . " "    When President Barack Obama calls other world leaders , for    instance , President Barack Obama aides bring President Barack Obama a National Security Council dossier    that contains a complete intelligence portrait of the person with    whom President Barack Obama ’s about to get on the phone . a National Security Council dossier   that contains a complete intelligence portrait of the person with   whom he’s about to get on the phone includes    everything from the leader ’s personality and health to       about their the leader’s personality and health and spouses   —    even tidbits like    whether the person likes jokes or small talk ,   reported in 2014 .   " ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump’ ’s call on Friday was directly at odds with Washington’ ’s    " " policy   —    in place since 1979   —    which maintains    that Taiwan , though    is a province of the    Chinese communist government based in Beijing . The White House    was not aware of the call until after it The White House    , an    administration official told Business Insider .   ’ ’    And Trump has made a few other calls since winning the presidency    that have been at some odds with previous US policy . Pakistan ,    for instance , said its      during a chat with Trump Trump a move that could    potentially alienate India . And Trump Trump spoke with the leader    of Kazakhstan , who has been a    ruler over the    country . ’ ’   ’ ’    Yet it seems unlikely in the immediate aftermath that    Friday’ ’s Trump Trump will permanently    affect       , as China’ ’s foreign    minister ,   referred to the call as    a " " by Taiwanese officials . ’ ’    And , as Yahoo reported , these calls can get a whole lot messier .    President George W. Bush often had the most difficult time on       with Hu Jintao , the former Chinese leader . ’ ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ 
 