WASHINGTON   —    By riding his appeal among    whites to the top of the Republican Party , Donald J. Trump has emboldened conservative thinkers to press conservative thinkers party of business and the privileged to reshape business economic canon to more directly benefit poorer workers its economic canon has often taken for granted . The policy prescriptions of these    reform conservatives , or " reformocons , " would not only break with some longtime Republican orthodoxy   —    disavowing tax cuts that disproportionately benefit the rich , for example   —    some longtime Republican orthodoxy   would also counter more recent stances by Mr. Trump on trade and immigration . And because of a lack of policy specifics in Mr. Trump ’s    campaign , reform conservatives see an opening through which to push their reform conservatives . " What it means to be a conservative is up for grabs , " said Reihan Salam , the executive editor of the conservative National Review . Whether Mr. Mr. Trump or the party is left to rebuild from defeat , these conservatives in think tanks , advocacy groups and the news media   —    and a few in political office   —    will be pressing for a new agenda : to update the    playbook with an eye to    voters without a college education who form the Republican base . Ronald Reagan ’s notions that policies that benefit the rich and big business lift all incomes now appear outmoded in an era of rising wealth inequality and stagnant wages . The challenge to the party could be every bit as contentious as Mr. Trump ’s ascent has been . Beyond conservative think tanks and activist circles , the new breed of conservatives has not made significant inroads among House Republicans , for instance . And even these Republicans do not agree on everything . But some common ideas suggest their proposed some common ideas map for the party : • Reject additional tax cuts for those making more than $ 250 , 000 a year , but expand breaks for    and    workers through tax credits for children , the    tax credit or a new wage subsidy using tax dollars to bring low wages toward the local median level . • Promote the benefits of global trade agreements , but help displaced workers . • Rule out fully privatizing Social Security and Medicare , and reassure workers they will reassure workers exempt from   . • Acknowledge • universal health care is here to stay , but push for    changes . • Disavow • deportations and promote the economic benefits of legalizing longtime workers who are in the country illegally , but reduce the legal entry of    immigrants . " What we have going on right now , and Trump ’s position in the Republican Party , makes this recalibration that much more important , that much more urgent , " said Senator Mike Lee , Republican of Utah . " Some within the party the Republican Party he added , Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah have been all too willing to wear the label of the Republican Party the Republican Party party of Wall Street , or the party of the top 1 percent . " Although most of them oppose Mr. Trump Trump the party of the top 1 percent    Mr. Salam called him " an overwhelmingly noxious and negative Mr. Salam "   —    these conservatives do credit him with engaging    voters and dealing Mr. Salam into the economic conversation . " these conservatives biggest thing that Trump offers these voters Trump finally somebody paying attention , " said Henry Olsen , a scholar at the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center . " Imagine that they ’re the wallflowers at the high Henry Olsen, a scholar at the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center dance and they ’re sitting off , ignored by Henry Olsen, a scholar at the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center . Suddenly , the football hero comes up and says , ‘ Come dance with me.’ That ’s intoxicating . " Led by younger conservatives , the push for new approaches began in the past decade , as big spending and military interventions by the Bush administration and a    Congress vexed many in the party . Capturing the ferment was a 2008 book , " Grand New Party : How Republicans Can Win the Working Class and Save the American Dream , " by Mr. Salam and Ross Douthat , who is now a columnist for The New York Times . " The Trump phenomenon has really opened things up   —    people are more inclined to listen , elites within the party are more inclined to listen the party said Mr. Salam , who , with Mr. Douthat , recently updated their book ’s theme in an opinion article elites within the party The Times . The authors wrote in their The New York Times Mr. Trump ’s white    supporters The authors " clearly voting against a party leadership that pays them lip service while ignoring their concerns "   white   supporters    a revulsion that white   supporters not disappear even if Mr. Trump does . Proponents of a new conservative Mr. Trump critics in both parties . Democrats dismiss their ideas as repackaging a familiar    agenda . Some Democrats and conservative media figures like Rush Limbaugh condemn their cause as a return of moderate Republicanism or a Some Republicans and conservative media figures to liberalism . Michael A. Needham , the chief executive of Heritage Action for America , the political arm of the Heritage Foundation , said reform conservatives and Tea    organizations like his are allies in their desire to rewrite a "    " economic agenda reform conservatives and Tea   organizations like his to Republican donors . But he acknowledged differences in tactics and substance . His group    its allies favor conflict , like government    , for the Heritage Foundation . And they still want to repeal the Affordable Care Act and His group and its allies taxes for everyone . Yet conservative agitators were mostly talking among themselves until Mr. Trump toppled the party establishment , along conservative agitators way flouting longstanding party dogma on taxes , trade and immigration . Democrats have long charged that    white Americans who vote heavily Republican do so against their economic interests . A new poll for The Wall Democrats Journal and NBC News had Hillary Clinton ahead over all but trailing Mr. Trump by 13 percentage points among whites without a college education and by 21 points among men in that group . Past polls had her even further behind with those    voters , however Hillary Clinton Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said in an interview on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " last week that the Democratic Party bore some responsibility . While its policies may be geared toward workers , he said the Democratic Party " The Democratic Party over all has Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. spoken enough to the Democratic Party   —    the " ordinary people busting their necks . " It was an echo of the Republican    those voters playing out . For all of Mr. Trump ’s outreach to    whites , Robert VerBruggen , the managing editor of The American Conservative , said the party platform that emerged from the Republican convention was further evidence of the gap between the party ’s support from white    workers and its agenda that all but ignores them . " The breakdown of    working class was neglected , white   workers he wrote in his magazine . " There seems to have been little discussion of he economic anxieties of working families , the safety net or the drug epidemic sweeping rural America . " " Instead , " Mr. VerBruggen wrote , " their focus on the bottom half of the economic spectrum seems to have been limited to a debate about the purchase of unhealthy snacks with food stamps . " Oren Cass , a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and the former domestic policy director for Mitt Romney ’s 2012 campaign , even suggested that Republicans look for ways to harness labor unions for constructive    relationships . He also predicted more openness among conservatives to raising taxes when justified Oren Cass, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and the former domestic policy director for Mitt Romney’s 2012 campaign " It ’s hard to imagine the Grover Norquist tax pledge having the salience it once did , " Mr. Cass said , referring to the It    vow that most Republican candidates take . " That model of ‘ no tax increases , ever , under any circumstances’ I think is probably on its way out or gone . " Mr. Norquist scoffed at the suggestion . " The pledge came out Grover Norquist , " he said . " Every six months from then somebody has said , Grover Norquist Oh , the pledge wo n’t hold.’ " It is , he added , " The pledge " 
 Grover Norquist 