Donald J. Trump has had a rough week , overseeing a    of Donald J. Trump campaign staff and reporting a dismal    total . The presumptive Republican presidential nominee tried to refocus The presumptive Republican presidential nominee campaign on Wednesday with a speech attacking The presumptive Republican presidential nominee Democratic rival , Hillary Clinton . But The presumptive Republican presidential nominee took liberties with the truth , delivering a series of inaccurate and misleading statements . Some of the highlights , and our fact checks : • Mr. Trump began Mr. Trump speech by lamenting America ’s crumbling infrastructure and weak economy . Taking a jab at Mr. Trump opponent , Mr. Trump said : " I know these problems can all be fixed , but not by Hillary Clinton . Only by me . " • Mr. Trump called Mrs. Hillary Clinton "   liar , " singling out her statements Hillary Clinton her email Hillary Clinton and her " Hillary Clinton landing in Bosnia , " a reference to comments Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton her 2008 campaign Hillary Clinton a 1996 trip to Bosnia as first Bosnia . " We had to land a certain way and move quickly because of the threat of sniper fire , " she said . Hillary Clinton Check : Footage later emerged of Mrs. Clinton , Hillary Clinton her daughter , Chelsea Hillary Clinton walking calmly on the tarmac in a serene scene . She later said she Hillary Clinton misspoke . Hillary Clinton •   Mr. Trump assailed Mrs. Clinton ’s record Hillary Clinton of state , warning that she does not have the Hillary Clinton or the judgment to be president . He also accused her of Mr. Trump the State Hillary Clinton like a " hedge fund " and suggesting that she had something to hide Hillary Clinton the " secret speeches " she made to Wall Street Hillary Clinton . • Mr. Trump defended his business record , recalling Mr. Trump he began his career in Mr. Trump with Mr. Trump small loan and built a business worth more than $ 10 billion . " I have always had a talent for building businesses and , importantly , creating jobs , " he said . " That Mr. Trump a talent our country desperately needs . " Fact Check : This substantially understates the financial assistance that Mr. Trump received from his father , Fred , Mr. Trump major real estate developer in New York City . The    " loan " was for $ 1 million , a handsome sum that is by no means " small . " But the elder Mr. Trump did Mr. Trump He handed his son control of a large Mr. Trump with Mr. Trump property holdings across the city , whose substantial New York City difficult to quantify or overstate . Without this leg up , it ’s unclear whether Mr. Trump could have built this leg up business empire that he has . • Mr. Trump said that Mrs. Mr. Trump " has spent Mr. Trump life making money for special interests   — Mrs. Clinton and I will tell you , she has made plenty of money for them , and Mrs. Clinton has been taking plenty of money money for herself Mrs. Clinton " Fact Check : This assertion is mostly Mrs. Clinton . Early in her career , Mrs. Clinton worked for the Children ’s Mrs. Clinton Fund and Mrs. Clinton lawyer for the House impeachment inquiry against President Richard Nixon , and later worked at the private Rose Law Firm in Arkansas , focusing on intellectual property and other cases . Much of her career has been devoted to government service , as first her career United States senator and secretary of state . But Mrs. Clinton did receive millions of dollars in paid speeches to Mrs. Clinton others and has served on the boards of corporations like Walmart . Mr. Trump argues that she also made money for big donors through her activities at the Mrs. Clinton Department and her family foundation , but Mrs. Clinton has not offered clear , convincing Mrs. Clinton . • Turning to trade Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said that Mrs. Clinton supported the North American Free Trade Agreement Mr. Trump China ’s entrance into the World Trade Organization as evidence that his opponent will support deals that harm American workers . He also said that Mr. Trump record as secretary of state should be scorned because Mr. Trump ’s trade deficit Mrs. Clinton China soared under her tenure . Fact Check : As first lady , Mrs. China privately expressed Mrs. Clinton about Nafta , the trade pact that President Bill Mrs. Clinton into law in 1993 , though she made statements supportive of it . The trade pact has been widely blamed for Mrs. Clinton loss of American manufacturing jobs . Mrs. Clinton has called for parts of Nafta to be renegotiated and has said that Mrs. Clinton Partnership , President Obama ’s    Nafta that she supported while serving as secretary of state , does n’t meet her " high bar Mrs. Clinton on protecting American workers and the environment . • Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton blamed Mrs. Clinton for the death of Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens in Benghazi , Libya , calling Mrs. Clinton liar who ignored his requests for help . " Her decisions spread death , destruction Mrs. Clinton terrorism everywhere she touched Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump said , Mrs. Clinton the rise of the Islamic State and chaos Mrs. Clinton the Middle East the fault of the former secretary of state . • Mr. Trump changed his tone on Muslims , whom he has previously accused of being generally complicit Mr. Trump violence carried Mr. Trump Islamic terrorists . " ISIS Mr. Trump threatens peaceful Muslims across the Middle East , and peaceful Muslims across the world , who have been terribly victimized by horrible the Middle East    and who only want to raise their kids in peace and safety , " he said . • Mr. Trump suggested that Mrs. Clinton was responsible for making Iran the " dominant Mr. Trump in the Middle Mr. Trump on the road to nuclear weapons . " Fact Check : Iran is certainly a dominant power the Middle East East , but so is Saudi Arabia , and so is Israel . But Iran is farther from nuclear weapons than the Middle East year ago , when Mr. Trump began his campaign . It has given up 98 percent of its nuclear fuel in the Tehran year , and partly dismantled many of its nuclear Mr. Trump , under Tehran accord that had its roots in Tehran Clinton ’s time as secretary of state . • Peter Schweizer , Tehran author of " Clinton Cash : The Untold Tehran of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich , " which Mr. Trump repeatedly referred to , is a    conservative author who is a senior     at Breitbart News and is affiliated with the conservative Hoover Institution . • Mr. Trump laid out six bullet points from the book to argue that Mrs. Clinton is the " most corrupt person ever to seek • Mr. Trump " He accused her of taking millions of dollars from foreign regimes that support Shariah law and abuse women . • Mr. Trump tied the recent Orlando Mr. Trump to Mrs. Clinton immigration plans , saying , " I only want to admit people who share our values and Mr. Trump people . Hillary Clinton wants to bring Mr. Trump people who believe women should be enslaved and gays put to death . " Fact Check : Mr. our has proposed temporarily barring all noncitizen Muslims from entering the United States he has never made distinctions about Muslims who " share our values , Mr. Trump it would be impossible to verify that immigrants " love our people . Mr. Trump His assertion about Mrs. Clinton is based on her support for current United States policy that allows immigration from some countries where women lack equal rights and homosexuality Mr. Trump be punishable by death . • Mr. Mrs. Clinton said that , if elected president , in his first 100 days he would " appoint judges who will uphold the Constitution of the United States Mr. Trump added , " Hillary Clinton ’s radical judges will Mr. Trump abolish the Second Mr. Trump   —    ca n’t let that happen . " Fact Check : Mr. Trump has released the names of several conservative jurists whom he would appoint to the open seat on the Supreme Court if he wins in November and Mr. Mr. Trump current nominee is not confirmed . Mrs. Clinton has not Mr. Trump whom she would appoint , but the Mrs. Clinton she would nominate Mr. Trump who Mrs. Clinton somehow overrule the Second Amendment is a Mrs. Clinton talking point that is not based on statements or past actions by Mrs. Clinton . She does favor new gun control rules , but she Mrs. Clinton she would Mrs. Clinton them through legislation or executive action . • Mrs. Clinton Trump lamented Mrs. Clinton the country has been thinking our country relying too much on other countries : " We lost our sense of purpose , and daring , " he said . Mr. Trump that ’s not who we are . " If that line sounds familiar , it ’s because it is one We Mr. Obama ’s favorite lines , usually used Mr. Trump describe a generous , internationalist America . • We one point , Mr. Trump said that the United that line is " that line highest taxed nation Mr. Obama’s . " Fact Check : This is inaccurate , according to several organizations that have examined the claim Mr. Trump thorough check by the United States the world that have higher tax rate structures than the United States , including Denmark , Luxembourg and Belgium . That has not stopped Mr. Trump from making this claim repeatedly . • Mr. Trump stated that Mrs. Clinton accepted a gift of jewelry from the leaders the United States at $ Mrs. Clinton 000 . Fact Check : This is Mr. Trump claim that omits key information . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump the claim state , may have received this gift but she did Mrs. Clinton it . As required by State Department rules , Mrs. Clinton transferred the Mrs. Clinton to the United States government . • Mr. Trump concluded on a Mrs. Clinton morning in America " note , promising that he would put Americans back a gift of jewelry from the leaders of Brunei valued at $58, 000 , restoring hope for struggling    a gift of jewelry from the leaders of Brunei valued at $58, 000 and ushering in America new era of wealth . " Americans are Mr. Trump start believing in the future of our country , " he said our country Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 