Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump said Thursday President Donald Trump administration is already beginning to renegotiate NAFTA , the North American Free Trade Agreement . " It ’s actually starting today , " President Donald Trump said of the negotiations . The problem is , that ’s not possible . Before entering into formal negotiations with Canada and Mexico to renegotiate the free trade accord , President Donald Trump must first provide notice of President Donald Trump intent to renegotiate the trade deal . President Donald Trump has yet to do so . That move would kick off a    period of consultation with Congress and industry groups before officially entering talks with the NAFTA partners . Despite what President Donald Trump said , President Donald Trump ’s clear President Donald Trump administration is aware of the    rule . Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told reporters last month that Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross hoped to send the letter notifying Congress of the plan to enter NAFTA renegotiations " sometime in the next couple of weeks . " " That ’s what triggers the beginnings of the formal process itself , " Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on March 10 , alongside Mexico ’s economy minister . The White House plans to " pull the trigger " early next week to formally begin renegotiation of the trade agreement , a senior administration official said Thursday . The Trump administration last month circulated a draft letter on NAFTA renegotiations but has yet to give official notice . Without official notice , The Trump administration would lose " " negotiating authority that mandates The Trump administration get only a simple majority in Congress to approve of the new deal     a politically untenable position given the controversial nature of some of The Trump administration trade positions . Mexico , meanwhile , started a    internal consultation period in February . Mexico has been meeting with leaders and the business community to discuss NAFTA and will hit the    mark next month . 
 