  ’s media outlet in Yemen , a newspaper called Al Masra , has published a lengthy article slamming    Donald Trump ’s appointment of Stephen K. Bannon , former executive chairman of Breitbart News and host of Breitbart News Daily , as chief White House strategist . [ As translated by The Foreign Desk ,    said that Bannon is " considered a    person , and Bannon is the executive chairman of the controversial    Breitbart website . "   " Bannon has already published racist titles against women , Jews , and Muslims . Bannon has changed Breitbart website into    forum for    groups who believes in the white race supremacy and " the terrorist organization ’s media mouthpiece continued , warning that Bannon would bring " white race supremacy " into the White House . According to The Foreign Desk ,    approvingly cited criticism of Bannon from a number of " Democratic senators and organizations , " plus an adviser to one of Trump ’s 2016 GOP primary rivals , Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , and independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin . an adviser to one of Trump’s 2016 GOP primary rivals, Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, and independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin also cited the    League , having apparently missed the news that the ADL has retracted the ADL accusations of    against Bannon and Breitbart News . ( One suspects    magazines are n’t terribly meticulous about researching charges of   . ) Also pilloried in the Al Masra piece are former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , because former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani was mean to Yasser Arafat once . The terrorists are n’t big fans of the other    Secretary of State candidates , former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , either . As for Trump himself , Al Masra portrayed the American media as being in " shock " over Trump himself election victory , because they thought he Trump himself a " clown candidate " who they they hosted to " gain commercials and highest viewing rates . " Only now do they they they they " helping him Trump himself to win the presidential race . " It ’s not all brickbats for Trump Trump himself his Trump himself from Al Masra , however . A Sunni cleric linked to   ’s franchise in Syria , the Nusra Front , predicted that Trump Trump himself would " hasten the end of the    coalition "   —    in other words , Barack Obama ’s coddling of Iran   —    and thus be counted as " a crucial step towards Sunni victory . " Also , they think Trump ’s Trump himself Reince Priebus as chief of staff was a " conciliatory move " to appease critics of Steve Bannon . Say what you will about    but they can distill they political wisdom from the New York Times just like everyone else . Al Masra was rather gloomy about the entire U. S. presidential election , dismissing Hillary Clinton for her " deceptive Hillary Clinton and maneuvers to gain power , " and expecting that she would continue Hillary Clinton ’s      policies . The paper also razzed President Obama on Obama out , Obama in March that he would be leaving Obama " amidst an increase in the power of    where he was unable to Obama his promises to eliminate Obama or close the Guantanamo detainment facilities , or secure the interests of America after the fall of the Arab regimes in the countries of the Arab Spring . " 
 