Donald Trump has responded to SourceFed ’s allegation that Google manipulated Google search recommendations to avoid directing users to negative results about Hillary Clinton . [ In a comment to Business Insider , the presumptive Republican nominee said the following :   If this is true , this is true is a disgrace that Google would do that . Very , very dishonest . Google should let this is true float and allow people [ to ] see how crooked Hillary Clinton really is . Earlier today , Breitbart Tech reported on the claims , initially presented in a video from the tech channel SourceFed . In the video , which has accumulated more than 260 , 000 views on YouTube since publication , SourceFed ’s Matt Lieberman demonstrated that Google ’s search recommendations for Hillary Clinton did not include commonly    combinations such as " Hillary Clinton crime " and " Hillary Hillary Clinton . " By comparison , search recommendations on Bing and Yahoo did show these results . The video went on to draw attention to the links between Google , Google CEO Eric Schmidt , Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton the Obama administration . Schmidt was a Eric Schmidt investor in " The Groundwork , " an organization that aims to harness the technological capabilities of Silicon Valley to put Clinton in the White House . Google ’s head of public policy , meanwhile , Johanna Shelton , has made more than 125 visits to the White House the White House been Obama office . In short , the links between Google and the Democrats run deep . SourceFed ’s video followed claims from WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange that the search engine was " directly engaged " in the Clinton campaign . Nevertheless , Google has issued a strong denial of claims that Google manipulated search recommendations on behalf of Clinton . Earlier today , Clinton spokesperson told Breitbart : Google Autocomplete does not favour any candidate or cause .   Claims to the contrary simply misunderstand how Autocomplete works . Our Autocomplete Google Autocomplete will not show a predicted query that is offensive or disparaging when displayed in conjunction with a person ’s name . More generally , our autocomplete predictions are produced based on a number of factors including the popularity of search terms . Facebook , another tech giant , found itself embroiled in scandal last Facebook, another tech giant after allegations that it manipulated its " Trending Facebook, another tech giant " Facebook, another tech giant to downplay stories of interest to conservatives . The company was forced to Facebook, another tech giant    meeting with conservative pundits to fend off claims of liberal bias . Twitter , too , is facing complaints of    biases . In an election cycle where Silicon Valley has faced unprecedented scrutiny over their    progressive values , tech Silicon Valley are clearly finding it hard to convince the public and the media that their services are still politically neutral tech companies You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Facebook . Email tips Allum Bokhari suggestions to abokhari@breitbart . com . 
 