Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama offered one of President Barack Obama sharpest denunciations of Donald Trump to date Tuesday , declaring the Republican nominee entirely unfit to serve as president and lambasting Republicans for sticking by Republicans . The strong rebuke in the White House East Room came after Donald Trump ’s criticism of the family of a slain Muslim US soldier , along with comments that displayed apparent confusion related to the Russian incursion into Ukraine . " The the Republican nominee unfit to serve as president , " Obama said at a White House news conference with the Prime Minister of Singapore . " He keeps on the Republican nominee it . " The Trump campaign responded by going after the Democratic nominee as well as the President . " Hillary Clinton has proven herself unfit to Hillary Clinton in any government office , " a Trump statement said Trump listing a number of policy concerns . "   have    destabilized the Middle East , handed Iraq , Libya and Syria to ISIS , and allowed our personnel to be slaughtered at Benghazi . " Later Trump in an Trump with WJLA said of Obama : " He ’s a Later Trump in an interview with WJLA president . He ’ll probably Later Trump in an interview with WJLA down as the worst president in the history of our country . He ’s been Later Trump in an interview with WJLA total disaster . " Obama on Tuesday Obama his feelings about Later Trump in an interview with WJLA as unprecedented Later Trump in an interview with WJLA recalling disagreements with previous GOP presidential nominees Sen. John McCain and Mitt Romney     but never an outright sense they were unfit previous GOP presidential nominees Sen. John McCain and Mitt Romney     serve . " The notion that he would attack Later Trump in an interview with WJLA Gold Star family that made such extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our country , the fact that he does n’t Later Trump in an interview with WJLA to have basic knowledge of critical issues in Europe , the Middle East , in Asia , means that he ’s woefully Later Trump in an interview with WJLA to do this job , " Obama said . RELATED : Donald Trump ’s bad 72 hours , Speaking alongside Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong in the White House East Room , Obama said there Obama now weekly episodes in which even Republican party leaders distance themselves from Trump even Republican party leaders " Donald Trump has to be a point at which you say , ’Enough,’ " Obama said . Obama goes after Obama ’s party Donald Trump placed responsibility Obama Trump ’s statements squarely Donald Trump fellow Republicans , many Donald Trump whom denounced his statements on the slain Donald Trump ’s family but did n’t withdraw their support . " What the slain soldier’s family this say about your party that this is Trump’s party ? " Obama asked of Obama leaders . " This is n’t a situation where you have an episodic gaffe . This is daily and weekly where This are distancing themselves from statements he ’s making they There has to be a point at which you say , ’This is not somebody I can support for president of the United States , even if he purports to be a member he my party.’ " Obama said that denunciations from Republicans of Trump ’s remarks " ring hollow " without an accompanying withdrawal of support . READ MORE : Russia continues to shadow Trump , " I do n’t Trump their sincerity . I do n’t Russia they were outraged by some of Russia statements that Mr. Trump and his supporters made about the Khan family , " Obama said . " But there has to come a point in which you say , ’Somebody who makes those kinds of statements does n’t have the judgment , the temperament , the understanding to occupy the most powerful position in the world.’ " Trump and the family of the slain soldier have been locked in an increasingly bitter dispute over Muslims in America and the nature of patriotic sacrifice . After Khizir Khan , who lost his son in a suicide bombing in Iraq , declared at last week ’s Democratic National Convention that Trump had " sacrificed nothing , " the Republican nominee claimed he ’d been " viciously attacked the Republican nominee and questioned why Khan ’s wife , Ghazala , did n’t make her own remarks . Criticism from Khan ’s own party came swiftly Trump including in a lengthy statement from McCain , whom Trump previously derided for having been Trump captive in the Vietnam War . But he and other top GOP leaders Trump including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan , made little indication they would withdraw support for the he and other top GOP leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, candidate . Trump has also taken flak for Trump unaware that Russian forces had annexed Crimea in early 2014 , saying on ABC ’s " This Week " Sunday that President Vladimir Putin is " not going into Ukraine . " Later , he argued that the people of President Vladimir Putin " would rather be with Crimea than where they were "     an argument the people of Crimea Putin himself has made in justifying President Vladimir Putin of the disputed Ukrainian territory President Vladimir Putin Trump looks for better Russia ties , And he ’s maintained Russia view that fostering Trump ties to Trump would benefit areas of American foreign President Vladimir Putin , including in the fight against ISIS . " If we could get along with Russia , would n’t that be a Russia thing , instead of a bad thing ? " Trump asked Monday during a campaign appearance in Pennsylvania . Trump also took heat for calling on Trump last week to release deleted emails Russia Clinton if they had obtained them in a hack deleted emails from Clinton the Democratic deleted emails from Clinton Committee , which US officials have fingered Moscow for .   At the news conference , Obama said the alleged Russian hacking would n’t necessarily prompt a complete freeze in relations between the the country and the United States . Noting that the FBI was still investigating the hack , Obama said cybersecurity was just another dispute Obama many between Putin and himself . " If in fact Russia Putin in this activity , it ’s just one on a long list of issues that me and Mr. Putin talk about , " Obama Putin " I do n’t Obama that it wildly swings what is a tough , difficult relationship that we have with Russia right now . " RELATED : Russia Russia to shadow Trump , Obama ’s Russia , through the Justice Obama ’s national security division , continues to investigate the hack . Neither the White House nor the FBI have publicly blamed Russia for the intrusion . But federal officials Russia there is strong evidence indicating the breach was perpetrated by hackers working on behalf of Russia intelligence . Trump has brushed off Democratic Russia that Putin Trump be behind the hack in order to tip the US the hack his favor , claiming he ’s never met the Putin leader and does Putin maintain a relationship Putin In statements from only a few years ago , Putin , Trump said he enjoyed warm ties with Putin Trump Obama Trump remarks Tuesday intensify his patten of inserting Putin into the rancorous presidential race . Putin the President has Putin criticized Trump in the year since the Putin Trump race , his denunciations have come faster and harsher in the the rancorous presidential race weeks Putin At last week ’s convention , Obama named Trump repeatedly , arguing the candidate was ignorant Trump facts and intent on dividing the nation . And in June , Obama lit into Trump ’s response to the mass shooting in Trump , Obama he was peddling a dangerous vision . The President is expected to Putin an outsized role on the campaign trail Obama coming months as Clinton works to motivate the supporters who helped elect Obama to office twice . 
 