National Public Radio ( NPR ) is continuing a campaign to defame Breitbart News as a white nationalist website . Even after being set straight on Wednesday , the    outlet continues to defy the facts in the   outlet effort to smear the incoming Trump administration and crush a conservative media upstart . [ This time , the lie comes via Kelly McEvers , who filed a slanderous story on Thursday ’s edition of All Things Considered : " ‘ We ’re Not Going Away’ :    Leader On Voice In Trump administration . "   In it , McEvers suggests that because Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon once told Mother Jones that Breitbart had become " the platform for the " Bannon Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon Breitbart Breitbart share to the racial separatist ideas of Richard Spencer , one of the people involved in the    movement . McEvers McEvers not provide any actual evidence that Bannon Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon Breitbart Breitbart Spencer Richard Spencer ideas . Moreover , she McEvers not even show that Breitbart Breitbart ever published anything supportive of Spencer Richard Spencer ideas . And   —    crucially   —    she McEvers not inform listeners that there is no such evidence . Instead , she McEvers that Bannon Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon and Breitbart , share Spencer Richard Spencer , with passages such as the following : What the    wants , Spencer says Richard Spencer is an awakening of identity politics , meaning white identity politics . The    used to exist mostly on the Internet , but with the rise of Donald Trump and his chief Donald Trump , Steve Bannon , the movement is starting to hold conferences where hundreds of people attend . Listeners are left to conclude   —    deliberately , it seems   —    that Bannon supports " white identity politics "   —    as well as swastikas and the KKK , to which she refers in her interview she Spencer . McEvers apparently feels no responsibility to verify whether Bannon or Bannon actually shares or promotes any of Spencer ’s Spencer She does she even quote or consult NPR content that suggests the opposite . Evidently NPR editorial policy NPR the lie . The result , ironically , is the " mainstreaming " of extremist ideas through false linkage to a legitimate website and an incoming presidential administration . And , of course , all at taxpayer expense . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 