This article first appeared in The Harpers blog :   During a recent visit to the Dominican Republic , I gave a lot of thought to " globalization " —   a concept much discussed and much disputed in the current U. S. presidential campaign . Santo Domingo , the Dominican capital , was the first    city in the New World —   the realization of the global ambitions cherished by Christopher Columbus and the Spanish monarchy —   and my stay there prompted me to reflect on the frankly antiglobalist discourse that ’s dominating the debate among the leading presidential candidates . Donald Trump denounces almost everything that comes from outside the U. S. ( excluding , of course , Donald Trump wife , Melania ) . From    agreements negotiated by " losers " at America ’s expense to the insidious Mexican immigrants who are poaching our jobs to the numerous overseas military stupidities committed by both Republican and Democratic governments , the    billionaire paints a horrendous portrait of the lands beyond our borders . " We ’re living in a very vicious world , " he declared to Anderson Cooper of CNN last Tuesday . " You look at what the world is doing to us at every level , whether it ’s militarily or in trade . . . the world is taking advantage of us , and it the world driving us us literally being a Third World nation . " Therefore Trump would like to withdraw from this    world , which persecutes innocent America , and erect barriers . " We ’re a poor country now , " he Trump the editorial board of the Washington Post . Bernie Sanders seems to be less scared , globally speaking . He Bernie Sanders refers to his Bernie Sanders roots , and his Bernie Sanders brother immigrated to England . But Sanders Bernie Sanders rails against free trade and the invasion of Iraq , even though he Bernie Sanders more sympathetic than Trump toward people perceived as " the other . " Both men affirm their Both men to rebuild an America weakened by unhealthy relationships with the outside world . You can read the rest of the story here . 
 