It was one of George W. Bush ’s most viscerally powerful commercials against John Kerry in the 2004 presidential race : a pack of wolves lurking in a forest as a narrator accused John Kerry of slashing intelligence gathering against terrorists . " Weakness attracts those who are waiting to do America harm , " the ad warned , as the wolves started running toward the camera . Turns out the metaphor was subtle , at least by Donald J. Trump ’s standards . In his Donald J. Trump’s speech on Monday warning that terrorism could wipe out the United States   —    " There will be nothing , absolutely nothing , left , " he Donald J. Trump’s   —    Mr. Donald J. Trump’s Muslim immigrants for the wolf pack . A single gunman carried out the Orlando massacre , he said A single gunman " Can you imagine what they ’ll do in large groups , which we ’re allowing now to come here ? " Exploitation of fear has been part of the American political playbook since colonial pamphleteers whipped their neighbors into a frenzy over British misrule . It took on new potency in the nuclear age with Lyndon Johnson ’s " Daisy " ad against Barry Goldwater in 1964 and Jimmy Carter ’s warnings about Ronald Reagan ’s finger on the button in 1980 . But Mr. Trump   —    who drew harsh condemnation from President Obama on Tuesday   —    has intensified the power of fear in presidential politics by demonizing an entire religious group . And he has Mr. Trump  —   who drew harsh condemnation from President Obama on Tuesday  —    the use of that power by stirring up fear in the aftermath of national traumas , like the San Bernardino , Calif. attack and now the Orlando shooting , that traditionally elicited measured and soothing responses from political leaders . No more . Judging from his speech Mr. Trump  —   who drew harsh condemnation from President Obama on Tuesday  —    Monday , his statements Mr. Trump  —   who drew harsh condemnation from President Obama on Tuesday  —    the campaign , and interviews with historians and psychologists , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump  —   who drew harsh condemnation from President Obama on Tuesday  —    himself to denigrating Mr. Trump  —   who drew harsh condemnation from President Obama on Tuesday  —    if not steamrolling , the conditioned responses that have long served to help unite the country in times of crisis and offer Americans a chance to grieve and heal , and regain a sense of safety . At a time when other leaders would avoid divisive language and seek to unite both their admirers and other leaders , as Mr. Bush did by visiting a mosque after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , Mr. Trump appears wholly focused on the idea that America has reached an existential moment and that only he can save the country , America tactic of demagogy . The Orlando gunman , who was born in New York to Afghan immigrants , has given Mr. Trump his Mr. Trump yet Mr. Trump ask his own version of Mr. Trump ’s famous question from the 1980 presidential debates : Are you safer now than you were eight years ago ? Julian E. Zelizer , a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton , said Mr. Trump was using Mr. Trump as an      moment . " He would see this as Mr. Trump confirmation of all the things he has been saying about Mr. Trump threat the United States faces and the need to be more aggressive , " he said . Professor Zelizer Mr. Trump Mr. Trump as part of Mr. Trump strain dating at least from the 1950s . " When the United States is faced with national the United States national security crises , you play to fear , you play to the anger of the electorate and you offer promises of military might as the solution , " he said . In the jittery aftermath of a Professor Zelizer attack , people find themselves leaning on " emotional reasoning , as opposed people thinking through these kinds of issues rationally , " said Samuel Justin Sinclair , an assistant professor of psychology Dr. Sinclair making major policy decisions reactively and from a position of fear , " Dr. Sinclair said . He added : " Whether you agree with his politics or not , I think Mr. Trump ’s more aggressive tactics may be one attempt at trying to assert some level Dr. Sinclair control in a situation where people feel Dr. Sinclair and a loss of control   Dr. Sinclair as a means of helping them to feel safer . The dilemma then becomes whether supporting these more extreme policies justifies the ends   —    particularly in terms of how it changes us as a society people " The 36 hours after the Orlando attack showcased a stark divergence between Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton in going about an essential presidential task : leading in a time of crisis . Mr. Trump wasted no time in casting the massacre as evidence of the accuracy of his warnings about the threat America faced and the Obama administration ’s ineptitude . " Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism , " he wrote on Twitter on Mr. Trump . Though he also said he did not want to be congratulated , he issued a statement again patting himself on the back : " Because Mr. Trump leaders are weak , I said this Mr. Trump going to Mr. Trump   —    and it is only Mr. Trump to get worse . " Mr. Trump on CNN the next morning , he warned that Syrian refugees were going to cause " big problems in the future , this adding , " I ’ve been a pretty good prognosticator as to what ’s going Mr. Trump be happening . " Mr. Trump relied on a prepared text for his speech on Monday , and he lightly struck some of the more familiar notes often heard after tragedies : He said that the United States needed to respond to the attack Mr. Trump as one united people " Mr. Trump that it would remain " a tolerant and open society . " But Mr. Trump also argued that the determination of Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton not to use phrases like " radical Islamic the attack "   —    which would surely antagonize Muslims   — Mr. Trump was tantamount to minimizing or ignoring tough truths about the enemy facing the United States and much of the West . " The current politically correct response cripples our ability to talk and to think and act clearly , " he said . Later , he added about Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton : " They have put political correctness above common sense , above your safety , and above all else . I refuse to be he correct . " While Mr. Trump assailed Mrs. Clinton Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton his speech , Mrs. Clinton did not mention him by name in her own address on Monday . Laying out her plan to combat jihadists , Mrs. Clinton spoke Mrs. Clinton gravity of Mr. Trump threat facing Mrs. Clinton refrained from predicting doom Mr. Trump " I have Mrs. Clinton doubt we can meet this challenge if Mrs. Clinton meet it together , " Mrs. Clinton . She warned against " scapegoating " and " eroding trust . " She pointedly said that the United States was " not a land of winners we losers this challenge " And in Mrs. Clinton for unity Mrs. Clinton she reached back to the Revolution , recalling how " 13 Mrs. Clinton colonies " managed to join together . " As I look at American history , I see that this has always been a Mrs. Clinton of ‘ we,’ not ‘ me,’ " she said . " We stand together because we are stronger together . " To punctuate her point , Mrs. Clinton cited the days after the Sept. 11 attacks , recalling that Mr. Bush had Mrs. Clinton against mistreating American Muslims . " Let We make sure we keep looking to the Mrs. Clinton of our Mrs. Clinton to the best within each of us , " she said . Michael Signer , a Democratic activist and the author of " Demagogue : The ’s to Save Democracy From Its Worst Enemies , " lamented that the Orlando attack had ’s Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton new opportunity to stoke fears . " This was what we were all worried about , that some kind of national disaster would come along that would give him what he wants , " he said . But some voters , after listening to Mrs. Clinton as well as Mr. Trump , said both of them were seizing on the massacre in Orlando for Mr. Trump purposes Mr. Trump " I think Mr. Trump two are just using this as a way to push their campaigns ahead , Mr. Trump Rob Stecz , 34 , some voters works in the health care industry in Chicago and is not planning to vote for either candidate . Clinton advisers argued emphatically that Mrs. Clinton both of them not exploiting Orlando but rather approaching the attack with nuance and avoiding simplistic conclusions or easy answers . Trump advisers , Mr. Trump  —   who drew harsh condemnation from President Obama on Tuesday  —    their part , said Mr. Trump was simply leveling with the American Clinton eight years of Orlando national security policy from Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Obama . President Obama with the American people can mean different Mr. Trump The Trump advisers Doris Kearns Goodwin recalled that the " aroused demagogic fear " after Pearl Harbor had led to the internment of tens of thousands of    during World War II   the American people Mr. Trump has said that , while he hated the idea , he might have supported at the time . Ms. Goodwin recalled the words of a young    man from Seattle who had Mr. Trump at America as he was being Mr. Trump off to a camp Mr. Trump " If we continue down this demagogic path , " she wrote in an email The historian Doris Kearns Goodwin millions of our citizens may America be asking a similar question : Is this the same America we The historian Doris Kearns Goodwin known ? " 
 America The historian Doris Kearns Goodwin our 