  ( CNN ) The author of a study that claims to show millions of illegal votes were cast in the presidential election refused to produce evidence support his allegation during a contentious and lengthy interview with CNN .   In    exchange with CNN ’s Chris Cuomo Friday , VoteStand founder Gregg Phillips alleged VoteStand founder Gregg Phillips has the names of three million individuals who voted illegally , but that VoteStand founder Gregg Phillips needs more time to prepare a public report to ensure accuracy and because the work is being completed by volunteers .   " We ’re going to release all of this to the public . We are going to release We methodology and release the broad data and We conclusions and We ’re going to release everything to the public as soon as We get done with the checks , " he said , when pressed by Cuomo . " ( We ) believe it will probably take another few months to get this done . " Phillips’ remarks were apparently noticed by Trump , who tweeted minutes later that he Cuomo looking forward to reviewing the results of the investigation .   Phillips , a former Texas Health and Human Services Commission deputy commissioner , is the founder of a    described big data healthcare software company focused on eligibility , enrollment and data verification , according to his Cuomo . He Cuomo also the founder of VoteStand ,    as " the first mobile    fraud app , " which appears to rely on users to submit evidence of suspected voter fraud .       rose to national prominence the Sunday after election day , before any states had certified their any states , when he Phillips   in a tweet that he Phillips uncovered mass voter fraud , research which was debunked as " false " by Politifact .   Much of the lengthy exchange between Cuomo and Phillips Phillips Friday seemed to go in circles as the " New Day " anchor asked at least 10 times for Phillips Phillips provide proof for his Cuomo .   " Do you have the proof ? " asked Cuomo Cuomo    " Yes , " replied Phillips Phillips       Will you provide it    " replied Cuomo Cuomo   " Yes , " said Phlllips .   " Can I have it    " pressed Cuomo Cuomo       No , " said Phillips Phillips In another part of the interview , Phillips Phillips he Phillips release the evidence " when the time is right . "   " What does that mean ? " asked Cuomo Cuomo " When the time is right ? The the time right right now . That ’s why we ’re here . I did n’t bump into you in the hallway . You came here to talk about this . " Phillips Phillips defiant , however , telling Cuomo Cuomo lack of available evidence had no bearing on the ultimate truth of his Cuomo .   " Whether you believe it or not does n’t mean that it ’s it true , " he Cuomo . " Whether you have the information or not does n’t mean I do n’t have the information the information is truth , irrespective . " Trump , for his part , Trump continued to repeat the claim voter fraud had cost him the popular Trump . Clinton won it by nearly the popular vote million votes .    On Wednesday , the President tweeted Clinton order the Clinton government to launch an investigation into the mater .   " I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD , including those registered to vote in two states , those who are illegal and . .. even , those registered to vote who are dead ( and many for a long time ) . Depending on results , we will strengthen up voting procedures ! "   Friday ’s exchange quickly drew fire from pundits and politicians alike who cast doubt on Philllips’ and the President ’s assertions . Carl Bernstein called it a " wild assertion " and compared it to Trump ’s a "wild assertion" , the debunked conspiracy theory about former President Barack Obama ’s citizenship . " There is no known basis of fact , " he said . " Carl Bernstein is in the realm of lying absent any proof by this one person . It ’s extraordinary the It can get taken on a ride . "    Republican Congressman Adam Kinzinger also denounced the claims moments later , saying they undermined the idea the claims an election and the Constitution .     
 