CINCINNATI   —    He boasted about He in the third person . He sneered at the opponents He had vanquished . He disparaged journalists and invited angry chants from the crowd , grinning broadly at calls of " lock her up " and " build the wall . " He ridiculed the government ’s leaders as stupid and dishonest failures . In He first major address since winning the presidency three weeks ago , Donald J. Trump soaked up the adulation of thousands of Donald J. Trump supporters at a    rally here , unabashedly gloating about the " great " victory Donald J. Trump had secured . If there were any question about whether Donald J. Trump evolution to     would temper Donald J. Trump presentation or moderate Donald J. Trump tone , a   rally here offered a forceful answer : Not a chance . Kicking off what was billed as a " thank you " tour , Donald J. Trump was incendiary and prideful , hopeful and indicting , vengeful and determined . His Donald J. Trump said the rally a   rally here first of several he Donald J. Trump hold before his Donald J. Trump next month . His Donald J. Trump is an unusual move for a    most of whom do not return so quickly to the campaign trail , especially while key cabinet positions remain unfilled . Mr. Trump , who has been mostly cloistered in Trump Tower as he Donald J. Trump to assemble a government , was said to be eager to reconnect with voters . Connect he Donald J. Trump , whipping the partially filled arena into a frenzy by reprising the    rhetoric from his Donald J. Trump campaign . He Donald J. Trump pledges to suspend immigration from countries with a history of terrorism , repeal the Affordable Care Act , lower taxes , end unfair trade and " drain the swamp " of corruption . But while he Donald J. Trump times stuck to the script on his Donald J. Trump , Mr. Trump came alive when he veered from Mr. Trump to talk about himself and demean Mr. Trump who had opposed him . " Mr. Trump had a lot of fun fighting Hillary Clinton , " he said , Mr. Trump knowingly as the crowd chanted " Lock her up ! Hillary Clinton but offering no indication that he intended to Mr. Trump so . In the middle of a scripted part of the speech about lower taxes for businesses , he shifted abruptly Mr. Trump note the magnitude of his wins . Mr. Trump How about North Carolina   —    how well did we do in North Carolina ? North Carolina they said he can we Mr. Trump North Carolina ? " North Carolina said , adding a moment later : " Donald Trump ca n’t break Mr. Trump wall , right ? We did n’t break it we we shattered that sucker . we shattered it , man we That poor it is busted up the blue wall he reserved special bile for the Mr. Trump extremely dishonest press , " provoking boos as he lashed out   —    Mr. Trump naming her   —    at a network anchor who he said had cried on television Mr. Trump election night when she realized he was going to win the her . " You know what she does n’t understand , things are going her be much better now , " he said . " I love Mr. Trump stuff , " he said after a nearly    Mr. Trump of his electoral prowess and his critique Mr. Trump the news media Mr. Trump " Should I go on with this for just a little bit longer ? I love it . " He did go on , this Mr. Trump and forth between his prepared remarks and his extemporaneous Mr. Trump down the memory Mr. Trump of victory . During the prepared parts of the speech , Mr. Trump seemed eager to reach Mr. Trump the people who had opposed his candidacy . He said the new Mr. Trump would " Mr. Trump a truly inclusive society , " and he proclaimed that " we condemn bigotry Mr. Trump hatred in all of its forms . " On the economy , he the new government to " reverse the stagnation Mr. Trump usher in a period of prosperity and growth , " even as he promised to overcome the partisan gridlock Mr. Trump has led to stalemate in Congress during much of the past eight years . " We ’ll compete in the world , we want to compete in the world , but We ’re going to compete the world world where We ’s a    road , not a    road , " Mr. Trump vowed . " The advantages are going to come back to our country , and they have n’t for many , many years . " The advantages in Ohio just days after a Somali refugee wounded several people with a knife at Ohio State University , Mr. Trump essentially attributed the attack to programs to admit Mr. Trump stupidly created by our very stupid politicians . " " We will suspend immigration from regions where it can not be our processed , " he said , echoing some of his most effective campaign rhetoric Mr. Trump But he sometimes veered from Mr. Trump prepared remarks in the middle of Mr. Trump sentence . A Mr. Trump of what his administration would do if a company wanted to move jobs Mr. Trump reminded him again of his victories . And that discussion of winning Mr. Trump states led Mr. Trump into a diatribe against reporters , who he said had never seen his victories coming . Then , Mr. Trump he mentioned Utah , his victories against a    candidate who Mr. Trump Election Day had Mr. Trump poised to do well . " Remember when they said Donald Trump is going to lose to some guy I ’ve never even heard of ? " he said , laughing . " The people of Utah were amazing Donald Trump and we trounced them . Hillary came in Utah , and that guy The people of Utah in The people of Utah . What the hell was he trying to prove ? " Mr. Trump offered both an olive Donald Trump and a warning to Democrats Donald Trump , saying he believed that " they want to get together " but reminded them Donald Trump they had lost " because the people are angry . " they delivered they promise through the prism of a    federal government . Donald Trump Our Donald Trump was so great , we have the House , we have the Senate , " Mr. Trump Our , his last words Our out with cheers . He Donald Trump paused , before Donald Trump some tepid reassurance that " we want Donald Trump get them on board . " Mr. Trump opened his rally Our a familiar trope : gawking at the crowd Donald Trump the difficulty Donald Trump supporters were having traveling to the arena . " So I did n’t know what came with this position , and I did n’t know that they closed down the roads around the stadium for an hour and a half , " he said , thanking the crowd " for being so patient . " Before he Donald Trump , a familiar the crowd at the arena , with hundreds of Mr. Donald Trump ’s supporters lined up , some clad in the arena handing out " " signs . The prerally soundtrack , heavy on Elton John and the Rolling Stones , rotated through the songs heard during the campaign . The main difference this time : the lectern at center stage , which now had a big , bold " USA " where the name " TRUMP " used to be . As    Mr. Trump has at times seemed frustrated by criticism of his business conflicts and his loss by Mr. Trump’s two million ballots in the popular vote . But Mr. Trump’s the rally , Mr. Trump’s Trump was once again in good spirits , feeding off the fervor in the crowd . He Mr. Trump’s come from Indianapolis , where he celebrated his involvement in Carrier ’s decision to keep roughly Mr. Trump’s , 000 jobs in Indiana . Mr. Mr. Trump’s seemed Mr. Trump’s relish toying with the news media , at one point announcing that he had chosen Mr. Trump’s Mattis , a retired Marine Corps general , to be his secretary of defense   Mr. Trump’s    even though his spokesman had said four hours earlier that no decision had Mr. Trump’s made . " I gave up a little Mr. Trump’s , " Mr. Trump said , urging the crowd not to " let it out of this room . " But nothing Mr. Trump’s fire up the    as much as recalling his victories in the campaign , each made so much sweeter , he repeatedly said , because the media and his Mr. Trump’s had never seen them coming . " We had a lot Mr. Trump’s fun , " he said , adding Mr. Trump’s " The bottom line the media and his opponents , we won the media and his opponents " 
 Mr. Trump’s the media and his opponents 