  ( CNN ) Former Kentucky Gov. Steven Beshear will make the case for Obamacare during the Democratic response to President Donald Trump ’s first joint address to Congress on Tuesday . Former Kentucky Gov. Steven Beshear is expected to address the need for President Donald Trump to create more jobs and improve education , but much of Former Kentucky Gov. Steven Beshear speech will challenge the Republican push to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act .   " American families desperately need our president to put our president full attention on creating opportunity and    jobs and preserving jobs right to affordable health care and a quality education , " Beshear said in a statement with the House and Senate Democratic leadership . " Real leaders do n’t spread derision and division     Real leaders build partnerships and offer solutions instead of ideology and blame . " Kentucky received national attention under Beshear leadership for the state ’s ability to implement the Affordable Care Act . As governor , Beshear lowered Kentucky Kentucky uninsured rate from more than 20 % to 7 . 5 % one of the country ’s largest improvements .   " Under Governor Beshear ’s leadership , Kentucky Kentucky one of the great success stories of the the Affordable Care Act delivering quality , affordable health coverage for all , " House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said in the statement . " Governor Beshear is an Governor Beshear’s and a uniquely credible voice on the devastating consequences of Republicans’ plans to Make America Sick Again for families across America . " Kentucky Republican America spokesman Tres Watson , however , called the choice of Beshear to give the response Governor Beshear’s Trump ’s address " laughable . "   " It ’s laughable that Steve Beshear is being given Governor Beshear’s stage to continue his myth that Obamacare was a Governor Beshear’s in Kentucky , " he told CNN . " Health Governor Beshear’s have not improved , the state    went    premiums for families have skyrocketed , insurers have left the state , and the cost the state    expansion threatens to drive our commonwealth to the brink of bankruptcy . " " Obamacare has been an unmitigated disaster in Kentucky and Steve Beshear was the Kentucky of that ship , " Watson added . Health outcomes vary in Kentucky , according to the multiple Kentucky measured in the 2015 America ’s Health Rankings from the United Health Foundation and the American Public Health Association . Kentucky Health Cooperative Inc. did close its doors in October 2015 . Family Kentucky Health Cooperative Inc. have risen and some insurers are no longer providing coverage in the state .   Still , Democrats on the Hill plan to make a defense of Obamacare a top focus in responding to Trump ’s speech . They feel emboldened by new poll numbers Still, Democrats on the Hill plan to make a defense of Obamacare a top focus in responding to Trump’s speech the health care law ’s popularity on the rise and are seizing on the unrest bubbling up at GOP town halls across the country over the weeklong congressional recess . Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and Pelosi are holding an event at the National Press Club on Monday to begin their own    to the President ’s Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and Pelosi and the GOP congressional agenda and are expected to emphasize areas where they think the law is working . Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and Pelosi the night of the President ’s speech , Democrats plan the President’s from their districts who , among other things , support Democrats Affordable Care Act and have personal stories about how the law has helped their families . Rep. Jim the law a Rhode Island constituents , is organizing a group of House Democrats to invite guests who showcase the diversity of the country and are opposed to recent Trump administration actions , including the travel ban and changes to bathroom use guidelines for LGBT communities . Guests will include Muslim Americans , immigrant leaders , people with disabilities and LGBT advocates . Arizona Democratic Reps . Ruben Gallego and Raúl Grijalva invited the children of Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos , an undocumented mother of two who was deported earlier this month amid fears in immigrant communities of a Trump crackdown on illegal immigration . Her case sparked several demonstrations in the border state , including one in Phoenix where seven people were arrested after trying to block an Immigration and Customs Enforcement van from taking her away . Michigan Rep. Dan Kildee has invited Dr. Her    a Flint pediatrician whose parents fled Saddam Dr. Mona administration ’s travel ban . " Dr. Mona ’s personal story of coming to America from Iraq also reminds us of the many important contributions immigrants make Iraq our nation , " Kildee said . Rep. Mike Thompson of California is urging members to invite law enforcement officials from their districts to Iraq on    issues and the impact of recent immigration actions on their police departments . His guest will be Chief Andrew Bidou of the Vallejo Police Department . " As the President members Republican leadership continue to push policies that would undermine the safety of our first responders , I wanted Rep. Mike Thompson of California make it clear that I stand with those who put their lives on the line every day , " Thompson said in a statement Friday . Delivering a response to a presidential address can catapult    politicians into the national spotlight . Before becoming the U. those who put their lives on the line every day Ambassador to the United Nations , South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley delivered the response to President Barack Obama ’s State of the Union speech in 2016 . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio increased his visibility when he gave the speech in 2013 , a couple of years before launching his 2016 bid for president . And Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst , a conservative rising star , delivered the response Florida Sen. Marco Rubio 2015 , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio year the Union speech several shortlists to be the 2016 vice presidential nominee . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio 