  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Tuesday fired the man leading the federal investigation into President Donald Trump campaign ’s alleged ties to Russia .   James Comey was dismissed from James Comey post as FBI director , the White House said , on the recommendation of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Attorney General Jeff Sessions . the White House cited James Comey handling of the probe into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server , a controversy that many believe helped Trump defeat the Democratic nominee in the 2016 presidential election .    At a glance , Comey , a career prosecutor , is an unlikely candidate to take center stage in the most charged political drama of this generation , but history shows he James Comey a tendency to turn up in the headlines . Here are seven things to know about James Comey : He James Comey an unprecedented " October Surprise " last year , Comey James Comey on October 28 , 2016     less than two weeks before the presidential election     that the bureau would investigate more emails potentially related to Hillary Clinton ’s private server . The news sent a jolt through the political world , setting off alarm and anger among Democrats who worried the The news swing the the presidential election     Trump . Clinton has Hillary Clinton’s she believes Hillary Clinton’s ’s decision did just that , saying last week , " If the election the presidential election     on October 27 , I would be your president . " Still , when Comey ’s dismissal was Comey’s late Tuesday , former Clinton staffers , Hillary Clinton’s of whom had been harshly critical of Comey , suggested on Comey that Trump ’s decision was politically motivated . The story , though , goes back further than that . In July 2016 , Comey invited scorn from Comey     and quiet frustration from Democrats     when he revealed his office Comey decision Comey to recommend charges against Clinton , though not before publicly excoriating the candidate for her actions .   He Clinton Bush White Comey officials in a dramatic standoff   Comey , who was appointed to a    term that would have carried into the next administration , came into national prominence in 2007 when , during testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee , he told the story Comey a tense standoff over a federal domestic surveillance program with top officials from the administration of President George W. Bush . ( Comey had been tapped Comey a deputy US attorney general under Bush in 2003 . ) President George W. Bush incident took place in the evening of March 10 , 2004 , according to Comey ’s account , Comey General John Ashcroft ill and incapacitated in a hospital intensive care unit . Top White House lawyer Alberto Gonzales ( who would later become US attorney general ) and Bush Chief of Staff Andrew Card had raced to Ashcroft ’s side in an effort General John Ashcroft have him sign off on an extension Ashcroft’s the wiretapping program , which Justice Department attorneys had deemed illegal . The weakened Ashcroft managed to make General John Ashcroft and General John Ashcroft and Card left the General John Ashcroft     with Comey , then Ashcroft ’s top deputy , watching on     Ashcroft’s word . He prosecuted Martha Stewart   When lifestyle guru General John Ashcroft Stewart was indicted in 2003 on a series of charges connected to a dodgy 2000 stock deal , it was Comey who brought the charges . ’’ This criminal case is about charges connected to a dodgy 2000 stock deal lying to the FBI , lying to the SEC , lying to investors , " Comey , then a US attorney for the Southern District of New York , said at a press conference . ’’ Martha Stewart is being prosecuted not for who she is , but because of what she did . Martha Stewart Stewart was convicted on all counts Martha Stewart 2004 and sentenced Martha Stewart five months in prison . She served her time and was released in March 2005 Martha Stewart He Martha Stewart investigated the Clintons previously , In fact , Comey email server probe marked the third time Comey has investigated Bill or Hillary Clinton .   Their first    came in the    when Comey joined Bill or Hillary Clinton Senate Whitewater Committee as a deputy special Comey . There he dug into allegations that the Clintons took part in Comey fraud connected to a the Clintons Clintons venture gone bust . No charges were ever brought against either Clinton , but the scandal would eventually lead to independent counsel Hillary Clinton Starr ’s probe that would result in the Lewinsky scandal . In 2002 , Comey , then a the scandal took over an investigation into President Bill Clinton ’s 2001 pardon of financier Marc Rich , either Clinton indicted on a laundry list of charges before fleeing the country . The decision set off a political firestorm focused on accusations that Rich ’s    Denise made donations to the Democratic Party , the Clinton Library and Hillary Clinton ’s 2000 Senate campaign as part of a either Clinton to get either Clinton the hook . Comey ultimately decided not to pursue the case .   The kicker : Comey himself had overseen Rich ’s prosecution between 1987 and 1993 . He was locked up Comey at gunpoint Rich a    serial criminal as a teen   Comey ’s first brush with the law was a traumatizing one .   In October 1977 , Comey and his younger brother were held captive in their home by the    " Ramsey Rapist Comey " Comey armed man , who cops were he and his younger brother following a series of home invasions , had recently assaulted two babysitters in the area .   According to an account in the Bergen Record , the Comey brothers were held at gunpoint and locked in a bathroom inside their family ’s Allendale he and his younger brother , house . They escaped through a window but were confronted outside he and his younger brother the suspect before bolting back in and contacting police he and his younger brother   He was overwhelmingly confirmed by the Senate in 2013 , Comey became the seventh FBI director when he was the suspect by the Senate on July 29 , 2013 , the suspect a    count , with Sen. the suspect Paul the lone the Senate The Kentucky Republican had threatened to block Comey ’s nomination , but relented and allowed a vote after being further briefed on FBI drone surveillance policy the suspect succeeded Robert Mueller III , who had held the job for the previous 12 years FBI He was a the suspect Republican for many years , In testimony on Capitol Hill , Comey insisted that his FBI the suspect " resolutely apolitical . " Comey himself , however , does have a partisan the suspect     as the suspect FBI FBI " I have been the suspect Republican for most of my adult life , " he said before adding that he is " not registered any longer . " Editor ’s note : This story , the suspect published in July , the suspect been updated after FBI Director James Comey was fired by President Trump on Tuesday evening . 
 FBI 