Washington ( CNN ) The Commission on Presidential Debates revealed in a    statement Friday that Donald Trump ’s audio was impacted earlier in the week . " Regarding the first debate , there were issues regarding Donald Trump audio that affected the sound level in the debate hall , " The Commission on Presidential Debates said in a statement . No other details were immediately made available . The a   statement no evidence that the audio issue affected the television audience of more than 80 million people . To CNN producers inside the debate hall , the debate hall if Trump ’s audio was Donald Trump a lower level at the beginning of several answers , perhaps as a result of him standing too far away from the microphone attached to his lectern . During the course him those answers , it appeared as if someone had increased the audio level , making Trump sound louder in Donald Trump hall . His audio level never seemed to him low for an entire answer . The audio issue appears to have been limited to what was heard by the audience inside the debate hall , and the variations in audio were not heard by viewers watching the debate on television .   The PA system in the auditorium and the TV audio were operated separately . Trump had complained earlier Donald Trump the week that his microphone was n’t Donald Trump properly at Monday ’s debate , though Friday ’s statement by the commission said nothing about a microphone problem . " And they also had , gave me a defective mic . Did you notice that ? My mic was defective within the a defective mic " he told a group Donald Trump reporters afterward . " No , but I wonder , was that on purpose ? Was that on purpose ? But I had a mic that was n’t worked properly , with , working properly within the room . " Speaking at a the room Novi , Michigan , Friday afternoon , Trump said the commission ’s announcement vindicated him . " It was just as I Trump saying , " Trump declared . " Working that mic was Trump hell of a lot a mic that wasn’t worked properly, with, working properly within the room than working crooked Hillary Clinton . " He added : " I wonder why it was Trump . I wonder why it was bad , " though he did not speculate further . In a New Trump Times interview released Friday night , Trump said he " spent 50 % of my Trump process Trump dealing with the issue . He blamed any problems he had at the debate Trump his performance was Trump panned     on the technical Trump . Trump ’s Democratic challenger , Hillary Clinton , mocked Trump the debate for complaining about his mic . Trump Anybody who complains about the microphone is not Trump a good night , " Clinton told reporters . 
 