Washington ( CNN ) Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard acknowledged Friday that Hillary Clinton is the presumptive Democratic nominee     but the Bernie Sanders backer is n’t ready to support the former secretary of state . " I think there ’s a Democratic presumptive nominee at this point , " Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room " when asked if Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard was still supporting the Vermont senator . " There are a number of issues that I remain concerned about , and I look forward to discussing with you again in the future . " Wolf Blitzer then asked Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard if she was still supporting the Vermont senator . " There are a lot of things that I ’m looking at , in particular this issue that Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard has not moved on at all in this campaign , which is to continue this interventionist regime change policy in Syria that is proving to be so disastrous , " said Gabbard , an Iraq War veteran . When Wolf Blitzer pressed Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard over whether Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard thought Sanders should drop out of the race , Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard said Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard was " not going to go there . " " I respect Bernie Sanders and Sanders he makes , " Sanders said .   Democrats have been uniting around Clinton since Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard emerged as the presumptive Democratic nominee earlier this month . Last week , President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren threw their support behind Clinton President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren On Thursday Clinton Arizona Democratic Rep. Raul Grijalva , the first member of Congress to endorse Sanders , announced his support for Clinton their support behind Clinton vowed President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren continue his primary challenge through President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren Democratic convention next month , though on Thursday , he pledged to work President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren Thursday to defeat presumptive Clinton nominee Donald Trump . 
 