’   ’ ’    The Senate Intelligence Committee said The Senate Intelligence Committee is issuing new    subpoenas for documents from two    business entities    controlled by Michael Flynn . ’ "    The move suggests The Senate Intelligence Committee is turning up the heat    on Flynn , who was forced to resign from his post as    President Donald Trump ’s national security adviser in February . " ’    Flynn Michael Flynn his Michael Flynn Amendment rights on Monday , in response    to the committee’ ’s subpoena for documents related to his President Donald Trump communications with Russian operatives between 2015 and 2017 .    Flynn’ ’s attorney , Robert Kelner , cited what he ’s attorney, Robert Kelner as an    " escalating public frenzy against " Flynn in a letter to the    committee . ’ ’    The committee’ ’s ranking member , Sen. Mark Warner , said of the new    subpoenas targeting businesses connected to Flynn Flynn " A business    does not have a right to take the Fifth if it’ ’s a corporation , "    The Wall Street Journal reported . ’ "    Warner and Senate Intelligence Committee chair Sen. Richard Burr ,    responded to Flynn Flynn Fifth Amendment plea on Monday : " ’’ "    Flynn Flynn increasingly become the center of inquiries into       ’s meddling in the 2016 US presidential election and    Russia Russia contacts with Trump associates . He Trump associates to       before the House and Senate intelligence committees in       March in exchange for immunity from prosecution , but neither       has agreed to that so far . " "    Flynn ’s time at the White House lasted just 24 days . He Flynn asked       resign February 13 , with the the White House he Flynn misled       President Mike Pence about conversations he Flynn with       ’s ambassador to the US , Sergey Kislyak , during the    transition . But Trump continued to defend him , going Trump far as       to FBI Director James Comey the next day to drop the       into Flynn ’s foreign contacts , according to a memo    Comey wrote FBI Director James Comey FBI Director James Comey cited by The New York Times .       fired Comey Trump May 9 FBI Director James Comey " ’The Senate Intelligence Committee said it is . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 