Washington ( CNN ) It ’s Donald Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu against the world . A dramatic vote Friday at the United Nations Security Council likely marked the final chapter in President Barack Obama ’s troubled relationship with Benjamin Netanyahu .   But perhaps more importantly , the vote     in which the United States allowed a resolution condemning Israeli settlement construction to pass     offered a glimpse of how the    and the Israeli Prime Minister are poised to soon overhaul the relationship between their two countries . Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu stood     this week . In days of tense diplomatic maneuvering ahead of the vote , the Israelis enlisted Trump and Netanyahu in a bid to stop the measure in the Israelis tracks , a striking attempt to pressure the outgoing administration . Trump and Netanyahu response     a tweet , a statement calling for a US veto and a call with Egypt ’s President Abdel Fattah    whose government originally drew up the resolution     previewed where he Trump and Netanyahu steer    policy . The    alliance flouts traditional protocol regarding how foreign governments and     act . It The   alliance n’t prevail     for now     as the the resolution     on a    vote , with the US abstaining . The vote a   vote blow for Israel as the world effectively lined up to censure its settlement building Israel the West Bank and east Jerusalem , which many nations see as an obstacle to stalled peace talks and the ever more elusive notion of a Palestinian state . Still , Trump and Netanyahu charted the future course of    relations after Trump is inaugurated . " As to the U. N. things will be different after Jan. 20th , " Trump tweeted after Trump and Netanyahu vote . On Saturday , Trump tweeted , Trump and Netanyahu The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations negotiate peace . Too bad , but we will get it done anyway The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations " Relishing the Trump administration , The Israelis , who accused the Obama administration of abandoning a longtime US ally , made no secret of their relish at the prospect of a new administration . " Israel looks forward Israel working with    Trump and with all our friends in Congress , Republicans and Democrats alike , to negate the harmful effects of this absurd resolution , " Netanyahu ’s office said in a statement . Trump receives ’very   Trump Christmas letter from Putin , Obama ’s foes in Israel and in Congress , meanwhile , argued that by failing to veto the resolution , the outgoing President Putin back on diplomatic precedent Putin which Washington has shielded Israel at the UN . Israel Presidents of both parties have allowed resolutions that were at least somewhat critical of Israel over the Palestinian question Israel pass during their tenure . ) Trump Presidents of both parties however , has clearly stated his intention to engineer a Putin shift in US policy toward Israel , aligning his administration Israel to Netanyahu Putin      coalition . He has vowed to move Putin US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , breaking with the practice of several of his predecessors who campaigned saying Putin would move the embassy during their campaigns the US embassy from Tel Aviv once they they in the White House they Critics of moving the embassy say doing so would the US embassy from Tel Aviv opinion and make it impossible for the US to ever be a broker between Israel and the Palestinians in future . The Palestinians see Jerusalem , which is the Palestinians Islam , Christianity and Judaism , as the future capital of their proposed future state . Trump ’s nominee the Palestinians become the next ambassador to Israel , David Friedman , has been Israel outspoken supporter of settler groups and has cast doubt on the notion of a    solution to the    dispute . The reset of relations that Trump is promising has notable support in the Trump’s States , particularly in Congress , where lawmakers condemned Obama ’s failure to wield the US veto at the UN . Even some Democrats , including incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , questioned the administration ’s move . The   ’s reorientation of    relations could have unpredictable results internationally .   The last 24 hours of Trump , A decision to move the US embassy , for example , would cause outrage among Palestinians and could erupt into violence . It would also likely pile pressure on Arab The last 24 hours of Trump, A decision to move the US embassy, for example, would cause outrage among Palestinians and could erupt into violence of the US to condemn the move , complicating Trump ’s other priorities the administration’s move getting more    Trump US allies in the Gulf for an escalated operation to crush ISIS . Moving the embassy and a shift toward Netanyahu could cause fissures with Trump ’s relations with some European allies already deeply Trump his election . It could also intensify interest around the Netanyahu in the his election , divestments and sanctions movement ( BDS ) led by Palestinians to punish Israel . Footnote for history , While Trump and Netanyahu used the UN resolution to make a statement about Netanyahu future , the Obama administration was constructing a footnote for history . The US decision not to veto the move was a clear statement of frustration with Israel because the administration believes its two failed efforts to Israel peace the Obama administration and the the Obama administration foundered on a refusal by the Israel government to renounce settlement building . " It was a parting shot in defense of what the Obama administration and Secretary ( of State John ) Kerry believe to be the waning hopes of a    solution , " Aaron David Miller , a former Middle East adviser to Democratic and Republican presidents , told CNN . It was a clear shot at Netanyahu , with whom Obama has had an antagonistic relationship . The Israeli leader once memorably lectured Obama on Jewish history before Netanyahu the Oval Office to the Obama of the President ’s aides . He overtly rooted for Republican Mitt Romney in Obama ’s 2012    race Netanyahu used his extensive contacts on Capitol Hill Obama an effort to derail the central Netanyahu policy initiative of the President ’s second term : the Iran nuclear deal . The Obama the President’s no doubt that they believe Trump is putting the Obama States on an unwise course in the Middle The Obama administration . Speaking after the Security Council vote , Samantha Power , the US ambassador to the UN , delivered a veiled warning to the Trump administration that it was about to flout decades of US foreign policy . The Obama administration States has been sending the message that the settlements must stop privately and publicly for the United States , through the administration of President Lyndon B. Johnson , Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford , Jimmy Carter , Ronald Reagan , George H. W. Bush , Bill Clinton , George W. Bush     and now Barack Obama , " she said . Other White House officials aired their frustration that Trump acted so boldly on the global stage before he assumes the presidency . Ben Rhodes Other White House officials Obama ’s deputy national security adviser , said Friday " there Trump one president at a time . " Barack Obama President at a time ? For Trump , no qualms in contradicting Obama , " President Obama is the President of the United States , Trump Rhodes said . " Trump Barack Obama team will Barack Obama opportunity after January 20th to pursue their own policies . Ben Rhodes .. I ’m Trump will on a number of issues . " 
 Trump’s team Trump’s team 