May 12 , 2017 , Nuclear waste , social media , and tennis are three of the subjects covered this Friday . You ’ll learn about the history of a nuclear disposal facility in Washington . You ’ll see how North Korean officials , who tightly control all media , are taking notice of social media . And you ’ll witness how empowering a sport has been for a woman with autism . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ , Click for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz . 1 . Who won Sunday ’s election in France and is set to become the European country ’s next leader ? 2 . Officials say 82 " Chibok girls , " who were kidnapped three years ago , have been freed in the European country’s ? 3 . CNN Hero Samir Lakhani is helping children in Cambodia by delivering what item to those in need ? 4 . Unexploded bombs from what conflict prompted the recent evacuation of 50 , 000 people in Hanover , Germany ? 5 . As reported on Tuesday ’s show , what kind of vehicles are increasingly being used to smuggle prison contraband , causing problems for prison officials worldwide ? 6 . James Comey , who was fired by U. S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday , Tuesday’s the leader of what government agency ? 7 . Who invented the clamping mechanism that made elevators significantly safer and led to dramatic changes in cities worldwide ? 8 . The conflict in Afghanistan , which is considered America ’s longest war , began in what year ? 9 . What recently collapsed at a Washington state nuclear waste site , prompting thousands of employees there to shelter in place ? 10 . In the World Press Freedom Index , which advocates for media freedom , what nation recently ranked last ( at number 180 out of 180 countries ) ? TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Unless you ’re a fish , chicken , shrimp or potato , Fridays are awesome !   I ’m Carl Azuz CARL AZUZ 10 , explaining world events . Earlier this week , there was a    at a tunnel in Washington state .   No one was hurt but officials scrambled to fix that quickly because it ’s part No one the Hanford Facility , a nuclear waste site .   The collapsed tunnel a tunnel in Washington state eight feet of soil .   It was built during the a tunnel in Washington state War as a place to put rail cars contaminated with nuclear waste .    They ’ve been used to a place to put rail cars contaminated with nuclear waste plutonium , a fuel for nuclear weapons .   In fact , some of the material from the Hanford site was used in the atomic bomb dropped in Nagasaki , Japan , in 1945 , leading to its surrender that ended World Japan II . Plutonium is incredibly toxic to humans .   It can cause lung and bone cancer among other things .   So , when the cave in was discovered , the 3 , 000 workers at the facility were told to shelter in place .   There were concerns that contamination could spread through the air .    Leaks have happened at this facility before , but the facility says the tunnel collapse is a first .   The section was sealed in the    and workers do n’t know how it would have caved in . The section Initial tests showed there ’s no evidence of a radiation leak or that workers were exposed to it .    The U. S. The section of Energy plans to fill in the tunnel with clean soil and the effort to clean up the site , which started in 1989 , will continue . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SUBTITLE :   The One Thing . DAN SIMON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : ) SUBTITLE:   one thing you need to know about nuclear waste is that it is incredibly difficult to store . nuclear waste It needs to be far away from nuclear waste reach and protected in a way so that it ca n’t be leaked into the nuclear waste .   That ’s because nuclear wastes can be radioactive for thousands and thousands of years .    Nuclear waste has been piling up in the U. S. for decades , but there ’s no permanent solution for it .   It ’s stored across Nuclear waste than 30 Nuclear waste at more than 100 different sites .   And that worries industry critics who feared that it could be vulnerable to a terrorist Nuclear waste or natural disaster .    Politicians for years have been trying to figure out a better solution to store nuclear waste , but it ’s become a thorny issue , a better solution to store nuclear waste after all , nobody wants a nuclear waste site in their backyard . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) Politicians :   As we ’ve reported on North Korea , an updated view on the increased international tensions over its missile and nuclear programs , you North Korea heard me used words like " secretive " or " restrictive " when talking about its government .   In a communist North Korea , the government controls the major political party its government It controls the minor political parties . North Korea It controls the country ’s four TV North Korea and it a communist country radio .    According North Korea the World Press Freedom Index , which advocates for media freedom for journalists , North Korea ranked dead last in the world , at 180 , for freedom of the press .   But it has let some outside journalists in .   And the stories they ’re able to tell reveal life there from the inside out . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) WILL RIPLEY , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   People are often surprised that I can pose on social media from inside North Korea even though they have things like Facebook North Korea or Twitter here People North Korean officials are becoming increasingly savvy about the power of social media to get their message out of the world .   They realized North Korean officials a single post , especially by a North Korean officials like CNN could be seen by millions of people .    So , they ’re paying closer attention to what I ’m posting North Korean officials so , just like on television , on social media , you have to be really careful in following North Korean rules .   Nothing that can be perceived as disrespectful to their supreme leader , Kim   .   Nothing demeaning North Korean rules the country .    It ’s not something we ’re use to in the West . But we do have a lot of freedom .   We we up this trust over time that has allowed we to get some really extraordinary access that we did we use to get . We ’re about we enter a place that we ’re we allowed to go . So , we we getting the chance to photograph real people in we situations .   We get a window into their lives that most of we world has really never seen .   And I found that these Instagram stories that people can hold in their hand and look on their phone , it takes people inside this story in people way that they really people never experienced before . People are used people seeing military parades .   They ’re used to seeing fiery rhetoric .   But People hold their phone and see us hanging out at our North People hotel or walking around in the streets us It ’s the 85th anniversary of the North Korean army .   It makes people feel like they are along on this It .   I think people North Korean people are lovely people .   They ’re friendly .   They ’re warm .   the North Korean people ’re kind .   the North Korean people I tried to capture the North Korean people in the photographs that I take . Of all the things that I posted about on this trip , I think the one thing that resonated so much with people were these songs that play over loud speakers across the city .    They begin at 5:00 a. m. with a wake up the one thing that resonated so much with people .   And then almost hourly , there ’s this song that plays called " Where Are You , Dear General ? "   It ’s a tribute to the late North Korean leaders . People in the Western world find it very creepy , North Koreans do n’t find it It at all .   They ’re used to It song .   And then North Koreans actually , once this song that plays called " in the country for a while , you just start to get used to it . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) this song that plays called " ( ):     trivia : In tennis , what term is used to describe a score of zero ? Deuce , nil , love , or march ? Historians do n’t exactly know why , but in tennis , love is the word that ’s used to denote no score . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   One of several mysteries of the game , another being why scoring goes from love to 15 to 30 to 40 .   Retired tennis pro Andre Agassi says it ’s to cause frustration to those who chose to play . But for another champion from the U. S. state of Florida , tennis has been more empowering than frustrating . Dr. Sanjay Gupta serves up a story of perseverance . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) DR . SANJAY GUPTA , CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT ( ):       Brittany Dr. Sanjay Gupta help fixing her hair and tying her shoes .    But give her a Brittany Tagliareni racquet and she Brittany Tagliareni into an ace on the Brittany Tagliareni . CATHERINE TAGLIARENI , Brittany Tagliareni ’S MOM :   I ’m glad that she found something where she can be successful . GUPTA :   Brittany Tagliareni a baby , Brittany Tagliareni never learned to crawl or make babbling sounds . C. TAGLIARENI BRITTANY   So , every time , you know , I went to the pedestrian that went , oh , do n’t worry , do n’t worry , some babies are later . GUPTA :   Brittany was diagnosed with motor control issues and an GUPTA:   BRITTANY C. TAGLIARENI :   But it was n’t until she was nine that we C. TAGLIARENI:   . Before tennis , she GUPTA:   n’t have any friends .   She ’s always loved her brother GUPTA:     So , now , A. J. GUPTA:   tennis , Brittany GUPTA:   to start tennis . GUPTA :   She picked up BRITTANY racquet and with patient coaching and repetition GUPTA:   winning . C. TAGLIARENI :   When she plays special BRITTANY competitions , they pair her up with men BRITTANY she C. TAGLIARENI:   the top BRITTANY . BRITTANY TAGLIARENI : BRITTANY I like the best ( INAUDIBLE ) is the trophies and beating the men . GUPTA :   She also competes against people without disabilities .   B. TAGLIARENI :   GUPTA:   happy about men because it is a lot of fun . GUPTA :   And it ’s helped improve her social skills . C. TAGLIARENI :   Being out GUPTA:   able to be more independent and think GUPTA:   herself , that has changed her life . GUPTA :   Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN , reporting . ( GUPTA:   VIDEOTAPE ) Dr. Sanjay Gupta (END VIDEOTAPE) GUPTA:   Central CNN GUPTA:   not AZUZ:   .   Here ’s a glimpse of what ’s happening in Yosemite National Park .   It ’s near Yosemite . The region saw record snowfall this year and as Visitors snow melt , it ’s causing Yosemite ’s creeks and Merced River to swell , creating spectacular scenes of waterfalls throughout a glimpse of what’s happening in Yosemite National Park park .   There Yosemite of them , and park officials say they ’re likely to be Yosemite for the rest of the month . So , if you live nearby , water you Yosemite National Park ?   Yosemite the story , it ’s Yosemite’s creeks and Merced River a splash in national news park officials   Surf on over to the park to personally picture what everyone ’s rapidly falling for . That ’s all we got following yesterday ’s flood of puns . Yosemite the story I ’m Carl Azuz .   We ’ll see on the other Yosemite National Park the weekend . Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact CNN INTERNATIONAL news broadcasts ideal CNN we seekers on the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe CNN 10 ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for CNN 10 10 
 CNN 10 