  ( CNN ) With his proposed tax cut , President Trump is giving the Republicans the red meat the Republicans have been craving .   After spending so many months toying around with President Trump faux populist agenda , now the White House is really getting down to business . Coming at the end of this    mark , President Trump ’s dramatic proposal to cut corporate tax rates from 35 % to 15 % slashing individual rates , eliminating the alternative minimum tax , and abolishing the estate and gift tax   signals that he President Trump where his President Trump is buttered , and that is by the Republican majorities on Capitol Hill .   Of all the moves that he President Trump possibly make , including the failed attempt at repealing Obamacare or the infamous border wall ,    tax cuts are the most effective way for him President Trump solidify his President Trump support , which will be important to his President Trump success with legislation and the possibility of   .       cuts have been bread and butter for Republicans since the conservative revolution that rocked American politics in the 1970s . Along with    few issues have energized Republicans like dismantling the    progressive individual and corporate income tax system put into place in the early 20th century . Conservatives made a number of arguments about why taxes should be cut on the wealthy . " Supply side " economists claimed that if the government freed up upper income earners and business with lower marginal tax rates , investment would start to flow and everyone would benefit .   Other conservatives stressed that progressive taxes were unfair , a symbol of big government , and lowering them Other conservatives the most effective way to put a stake in the heart of big government liberalism .   Just because wealthier people and organizations earned more than the middle class , it was not fair that the big government be required to pay a higher rate than lower income Americans .     Tax cuts skewed toward the upper income brackets play with well with the business and financial community that have often been big supporters of the GOP .   In addition , shrewd conservatives like David Stockman , who served as President Reagan ’s budget director , championed the " starve the beast " argument . It ’s a losing argument to convince Americans that government programs which they perceive Americans providing benefits should be cut . So if the Republicans wanted to shrink government programs , their best the Republicans was to lower tax revenues , making less money available to Washington for spending . For decades , Republican presidents have made tax cuts a priority . President Reagan pushed through a historic tax cut in the summer of 1981 that lowered the top rate from 70 % to 50 % for individuals and lowered corporate income taxes by over $ 150 billion . " No other issue , " Reagan said President Reagan " goes so directly to the heart of our economic life . " In 1986 , he worked President Reagan Democrats in Congress to pass    tax reform in exchange for lowering rates once again . President George W. Bush did the same in 2001 with a $ 1 . 3 trillion reduction ( including the elimination of the estate tax ) ending the era of federal surpluses that started under President Clinton , and again in 2003 even though the US was in the middle of a war . Bill Plante of CBS News recalled that " the younger President George W. Bush telling people , ’Look , I ’m more like Ronald Reagan than my father . "   Indeed , the big exception to GOP    was President George H. W. Bush , who despite lowering the capital gains tax accepted tax increases as part of the 1990 deficit reduction plan . He paid the price Ronald Reagan than my father Conservatives like Congressman Newt Gingrich , future speaker of the House , never forgave him . And he Ronald Reagan than my father n’t able Ronald Reagan than my father win a second term in his race against Bill Ronald Reagan than my father . It took some time for President Trump to get to the tax plan , the 1990 deficit reduction plan looks like he is going to send conservatives President Trump they want .     While there conservatives many economists who do n’t believe that this tax cut would have beneficial consequences over the long term , especially by bursting deficits that will strain the nation , politically this could be a winning proposal .   Coming at a time when many Republican legislators are itching to deliver an important victory , this would have great appeal to the traditional constituencies of the Republican Party . The corporate world , still uneasy with Trump ’s populist rhetoric and attacks on free trade , might be a big more comfortable once they are delivered this benefit . The corporate world, still uneasy with Trump’s populist rhetoric and attacks on free trade as Presidents Reagan and Bush realized , there are ways to package    tax cuts with rhetoric and targeted sweeteners so that working class conservatives believe they will be sharing a piece working class conservatives this economic pie . Even though there is a lot of grumbling among Republicans about the impact on the deficits and proposals such as eliminating the deductions for state and local taxes , which will hit New York and California residents hard , Reagan also had trouble moving his tax bill in 1981 . Reagan the assassination attempt on his life , Reagan came back Reagan mounted a Reagan public relations blitz that was effective . Most Republicans who opposed him backed off . Democrats ended Reagan adding provisions to the bill ( compared to Christmas his tax bill ) that benefited middle class Americans rather than trying to block it altogether .   It will be his tax bill for Democrats to fight back against President Trump ’s proposals . While the House and Senate Democrats have found considerable room to obstruct and say no to President Trump , standing against tax cuts President Trump’s been one place the party feels vulnerable . They all remember when Democratic presidential candidate Walter Mondale admitted in 1984 that if elected he would raise taxes , which gave President Democratic presidential candidate Walter Mondale ample material to attack . Democratic senators from swing states will be uneasy taking a stand against tax cuts , even if they believe them to be irresponsible , for Democratic senators from swing states of Democratic senators from swing states their opponents a powerful issue to campaign on Democratic senators from swing states Unlike some of the other issues thus far , like refugee bans and health care , this is an issue that President Trump ca n’t afford to lose . This is one of the principal demands from this of their president and it is an issue where President Trump dynamics in an era of united government point to success . This , more than anything , will give us a measure of what he can do on Capitol Hill .   If President Trump can get the tax cut back to his desk for a signature , this could be President Trump important turning point in his policy agenda after the early turbulent months of President Trump . Just this one victory , which would be a big one politically , could give him and the Republicans more than they need to President Trump onto the campaign trail in the Republicans and 2020 as they aim to keep control of Washington . 
 him and the Republicans 