’   ’ ’    The week began with images of a black man sprawled   a victim of a    shooting critics say was another example of a quick      from police . ’ ’    In Minnesota the next night , the world watched a surreal live    Facebook recording of a   by a police officer during a traffic stop . ’ ’    The week ended with images of the deadliest single incident aimed    at police since the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks on US    soil . A gunman killed at least five officers and wounded seven    others amid what had , to that point , been a peaceful protest of    the two previous incidents . ’ "    Together , the two previous incidents further divided a nation    increasingly torn over racial issues amid national attention    on police shootings and the most divisive presidential campaign    in recent memory , featuring Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton as    their parties’ Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton presidential nominees . " ’    " CIVIL WAR , "   of the New York Post .    The Drudge Report was quickly rebuked for a banner that said :    "    lives kill . " ’ ’    The week of bloodshed fueled both the broad fracture in the    country as well as calls for constructive solutions to change .    What    to take has now become a matter of national    urgency . ’ ’    The incidents stirred sentiments of past summers of historic    violence in America   —    1965 in Los Angeles , 1967 in Detroit and    Newark , and 1968 , in which Martin Luther King , Jr. and Robert    Kennedy were assassinated , followed by brutal clashes at the    Democratic National Convention in Chicago .   ’ ’    Today , a   exposed    the burgeoning racial divides on issues like policing ,    inequality    and racism . Black Americans are more likely than    white    to say black people are treated less fairly in a    variety of situations , from the workplace to restaurants .    Moreover , blacks ( 61 % ) are far more likely than whites ( 45 % ) to    say race relations are generally bad . ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump , in an unusually measured statement , said    "      ’ ’    " ’ ’    As these statements were made , police were still gathering facts    about each of the three incidents . In Dallas , David Brown ,    the police chief , said a suspected gunman who was killed in a    standoff with police told them during police negotiations    that he wanted a suspected gunman who was killed in a   standoff with police " kill white people , especially white officers . " ’ ’    Police in   ’ ’   ’ ’    Brown spoke for his city Brown but also much of the nation , in a press    conference Friday . ’ ’    " ’ "    President Barack Obama , traveling in Poland for a NATO summit ,    was twice in less than 12 hours forced to speak on the    horrific domestic incidents , as he carefully    to navigate a    litany    different viewpoints about the country NATO divide . " ’    Late Thursday , he discussed the    disparities in the US    justice system after the deaths of   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    He spoke to    American public whose political divisiveness has    gone hand in hand with the increased racial tensions . ’ "    Those divisions have grown over the past decade , and they have    Those divisions exacerbated in a presidential campaign that has seen a major    party ’s presumptive nominee make inflammatory statements about    Mexicans , Muslims , and other racial groups . Trump ’s rallies    have seen . Critics have argued his words have Trump more    violence . " ’    In general , according to the   people from each    political party view the other party with more antipathy now than    at any point in recent memory .   ’ "    In just more than a week , Republicans will gather in Cleveland    for the Republican National Convention , to be followed by the    Democratic version the next week . Cleveland ’s police Cleveland already    expecting a    event full of protests , have already   in the wake of the Dallas    shooting to    up security . " "    In the    of the week ’s violence , Attorney General Loretta    Lynch spoke to the mood of the nation . She urged its Attorney General Loretta   Lynch to the nation take the better path . " ’   ’ ’   ’ 
 