Cleveland ( CNN ) Donald Trump has never faced more pressure on the national stage than Donald Trump will Thursday evening when Donald Trump accepts the Republican nomination .   This week ’s Republican National Convention has been dominated by unexpected fireworks ranging from the plagiarized speech Donald Trump wife delivered and the way the campaign prolonged the episode to Ted Cruz ’s shocking address Wednesday in which Donald Trump refused to endorse Trump and encouraged Americans to vote Americans conscience . Ted Cruz speech exposed the deep divisions that remain in the party after the fractious primary . But beyond the Cleveland drama , Trump Trump a more difficult    challenge : fashioning a message that can at once soothe concerns among scores of independent women while still firing up the white men who are angry about the direction of the country . 7 takeaways from wild night at GOP convention , The trouble : Trump Trump n’t really even begun that task yet . During a convention that so far has been dominated by red meat issues and heated attacks on Hillary Clinton , Trump Trump yet to show how he Trump appeal to the broader general election audience , particularly women , by proving that he Trump be a reliable    . That leaves Trump Trump a critical balancing act when he Trump the stage Thursday : how much time and energy to spend slamming Clinton Hillary Clinton presenting a positive case for himself Trump ’Envision you in the Oval Office’ " We ’re at the cycle of the campaign when voters no longer are just trying to figure out who you are as a person     they voters trying to envision you in the Oval Office and they voters to know there ’s someone there who shares their voters , " said David Gergen , who has advised four presidents and is a senior political analyst for CNN . " This is the moment when he has to be much less abrasive , much more inclusive and embracing of people who are not like him he " " The goal at the end of the day , " Gergen said , " is not just to convince women ’Oh , he he much better than I thought.’ The goal is for them women say ’Even though I do n’t like aspects of him he I ’m going to feel safer with him he or ’I’m going to feel that I have a better chance to get a job.’ . .. He he n’t quite conveyed that yet . He he to build and broaden his he . "   In a recent Quinnipiac University poll , Trump ’s support among white men was more than double that of Clinton . He Clinton also run particularly strong among white men who do not have college degrees . Trump Trump’s a    lead among white women over Clinton Clinton but must improve his Trump’s     particularly among married women who are 35 to 54 in order to win the election . For months now in the Washington    poll , about       have held an unfavorable view of Trump Trump’s Cruz booed after refusing to endorse Trump Trump’s " Trump Trump’s is to keep his    Trump’s that is alienated from many things happening in American society energized   —    without driving away the swing voters that he needs Trump’s get over the top , " said Ron Brownstein , a CNN political analyst who is Atlantic Media ’s editorial director for strategic partnerships . " The biggest electoral obstacle that Trump faces Trump’s that he is Trump’s underperforming among    whites , including both men and especially women , " Brownstein added . " Those voters in polls express two big concerns about Trump , Trump’s that he ’s racially divisive and the other is whether he has he qualifications , judgment and temperament to be president . ... He ’s he a lot of work to do . "   Broader universe of voters , Despite the Trump campaign ’s imperative to appeal to a broader universe of voters   —    that has certainly not been a central focus of Trump ’s Trump this week . Setting aside the fact that the week this week largely overshadowed by the controversy surrounding Melania Trump ’s speech     and now Cruz ’s refusal to endorse his former rival Cruz’s the message has also seemed keyed largely to the Republican primary voter , rather than the swing voters who are open to Trump , Trump unsettled by his divisive rhetoric Cruz’s Fireworks at GOP convention , The first night ’s focus was on Clinton ’s failings in the Benghazi attacks , a favorite topic of core conservative voters . The highlight of the second night was New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ’s blistering indictment of Clinton over her Clinton email Clinton , and an odd tangent by Ben Carson , who accused Clinton of admiring Clinton historical figure who had praised Lucifer . The third night featured the discordant notes of Cruz displaying the Republican party ’s utter lack of unity . Cruz was followed Cruz vice presidential nominee Mike Pence making his case for vice presidential nominee Mike Pence conservative values , at a time when Democrats are trying to use Pence ’s conservative advocacy on social issues as strike against the Trump ticket for women . But the Trump campaign believes Trump female voters are more closely aligned with Trump on national Trump issues and his approach to Trump economy than they are with female voters     and they see an female voters to win them over with female voters speech and Trump the campaign this fall .   In coming weeks , Trump ’s campaign Trump put him in more intimate Trump talking to women about the economy , national the economy education . They believe Trump ’s message women about the economy, national security and education Trump safety within the homeland is resonating with women . Citing the terror attacks and recent attacks on police in Dallas and Baton Rouge , Trump has warned that things Trump get worse . On Thursday , he intends to focus on Trump law and order in an echo of Richard Nixon ’s rhetoric in 1968 . Day 3 of GOP convention speeches : CNN vets the claims , David Axelrod , a CNN contributor and former adviser to CNN Barack Obama , said Trump must be cautious , however , in not overplaying his hand with the    " Trump moms " who could be key to his candidacy . " You push Trump too hard and can exacerbate another problem that you have which is that people think your temperament is wrong for the presidency     that you are too edgy , or too impulsive for a job in which you have your finger on the nuclear button , " Axelrod said . " The implication is that the world ’s problems are the nail and you ’re the hammer . And that may work with some people . But with others it may seem frightening . " The most successful agents in the effort to reach women and a broader audience of voters have been Trump ’s children , who have attempted to humanize their father and show his softer voters . There will be more of that on Thursday night when Ivanka Trump introduces her father before his speech accepting Ivanka Trump . " Ivanka Trump is a reintroduction of Donald Trump to those undecided voters at Ivanka Trump so part of this is what he ’s done through his career , his Ivanka Trump history , " Ivanka Trump Matt Pinnell Ivanka Trump a rising star in the party who has served as the Republican Party ’s liaison between the state parties and the RNC . " I think he understands how big of a stage this Ivanka Trump and how big of an opportunity this is for him to be reaching those undecided voters at Ivanka Trump . He already knows he ’s got this crowd Ivanka Trump here . Ivanka Trump 
 