  ( CNN ) The Mexican government is working on a plan to deal with possible mass deportations under    Donald Trump , a presidential spokesman says .   In a news conference Monday , Eduardo Sanchez , spokesman for Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto , told reporters deportations would be part of any agenda discussed by Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Trump . " We will have to see how many of those reporters deportations usually done by the United States government to the countries where the illegal immigrants are from , are for Mexico , " Eduardo Sanchez, spokesman for Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto said .   Trump win Trump headache for Mexico , Mexico Of course this and other matters will be part of the agenda that Mexico brings Mexico the table during the bilateral meetings that will take place with the    of President ( ) Donald Trump . " Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz is coordinating the efforts , he added Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz and plans to have a series of measures ready should the deportations begin .    threatens mass deportation , During a CBS " 60 Minutes " interview on Sunday , Trump said ( ) Donald Trump." would ( ) Donald Trump." to deport , or incarcerate , up to 3 million illegal immigrants .   " What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records , gang members , drug dealers , we have we lot of these people , probably two million , it could be even three million , we are we them out these people our country or we ’re we to incarcerate .    " But we ’re we them out these people our country our country ’re these people illegally . "   Trump added : " we want we secure our border we " Peña Nieto has expressed interested in meeting with Trump before he Trump office Peña Nieto January 20 . This would be the second meeting between the two . Meanwhile , Peña Nieto spoke Peña Nieto Monday with outgoing US President Barack Obama on progress in the bilateral relationship between the two countries , including economic growth , combating organized crime , and migration , a statement read . The statement says " a statement president expressed Peña Nieto President Obama for Peña Nieto a great outgoing US President Barack Obama ally of Mexico , as well as a committed partner .   " For his part , President Obama stressed Peña Nieto much the United outgoing US President Barack Obama , ​​and depends on , the relationship and collaboration with Mexico . " Immigrant youths fear Donald Trump ’s Mexico 
 