At 10:45 p. m. on Monday night , in a    office above the Ed Sullivan Theater , Stephen Colbert was talking so rapidly that Stephen Colbert might as well have been speaking in tongues . Gazing at a monitor , this host of " The Late Show " on CBS was rapidly reading through dozens of jokes that Stephen Colbert writers had been composing throughout the first presidential debate between Mr. Trump . The goal : to trim      minutes from a monologue Stephen Colbert would be performing live in less than an hour . In phrases that may have sounded like requests but were really demands , Mr. Stephen Colbert out to his team Stephen Colbert producers : Could he get Stephen Colbert video package of all the times Mr. Trump said " wrong " ? Could they cut the word " terror " from the phrase " panic and    terror " ? Could they shelve a    joke about " they Donald Trump " for another night ? Mr. Trump no time to    Mr. Colbert . " Unless there ’s a clean hit they think is undeniable , the playground is they , " he announced to the room at 10:48 p. m. Mr. Colbert and his colleagues were hoping to capitalize on the he ’s colossal viewership and help reverse the fortunes of " The Late Show , " which after a year on the air still trails Jimmy Fallon ’s " Tonight Show " on NBC and has sometimes finished third behind ABC ’s " Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " The " Late Show " team was also trying to sustain the momentum from its live episodes during the Republican and Democratic The "Late Show" team Conventions in July . In those two weeks , Mr. Colbert and his program showed a nimbleness Mr. Colbert exhibited on Comedy Central ’s " The Colbert Report " his —    an improvement on his lumbering , uncertain first months on " The Late Show . his Among other course corrections , Mr. Colbert has brought in a dedicated showrunner and he has addressed a longstanding identity crisis by reconciling with his    Mr. Colbert    character from " The Colbert Report , " Mr. Colbert version of whom he has dusted off and resumed playing . Now he has to Mr. Colbert " The Late Show , " on any Mr. Colbert night of the week when the future of the Republic is not hanging in the balance , with the same sense of immediacy that has propelled him in his live broadcasts . And he must still find the Mr. Colbert between Mr. Colbert trademark brand of pointed Mr. Colbert commentary and the broader demands of Mr. Colbert mainstream    talk show . When he started at CBS , Mr. Colbert said in an interview last Mr. Colbert : " People were watching me learn to play a new instrument in public . Now I really do n’t care and it ’s so much more fun . " If I do things that are like the old show , " he continued , " it was a good show . " Yet Mr. Colbert    host is capable of doing something his famously arrogant alter ego never would : admit mistakes . He Mr. Colbert he has identified what he did wrong : cutting himself Mr. Colbert from Mr. Colbert persona , tone Mr. Colbert formats that he established Mr. Colbert Comedy Central , for fear that they would overshadow Mr. Colbert authentic self that he wanted his CBS viewers to see . As Mr. Colbert said Mr. Colbert riffing Mr. Colbert a favorite Elvis Costello lyric , " I tried so hard to be myself that I kept on fading away . " His realization is Mr. Colbert he can embrace elements of " The Colbert Mr. Colbert " and still Mr. Colbert himself . " It is all me , " he said . Mr. Colbert Of course it ’s me . I thought Mr. Colbert the character . It ’s It humor . " He remains a highly    host It to judge from a Monday the character rehearsal at the Ed Sullivan Theater . As he ran through monologue jokes while bobbing back and forth on a the character scooter , Mr. Colbert asked for     changes to graphics of Gennifer Flowers and the debate stage , and called out his bandleader , Jon Batiste , for     munching on veggie chips the character his piano . ( " Is there a glacier toppling into the the character Ocean ? " Mr. Colbert asked . ) Any time Mr. Colbert hit a line Mr. Colbert n’t fond of , he would Mr. Colbert to the writers and Mr. Colbert in the theater , " Mr. Colbert ’s beat that . " If , a year ago , the assumption was that Mr. Colbert would simply glide into the time slot and theater last occupied by Mr. Colbert and dominate the    landscape , that did not happen . For months , his " Late Show " never shook off its    jitters , nor established a Mr. Colbert recurring comedy bit . Though his ratings his "Late Show" a small spike , to about 2 . 5 million viewers a Mr. Colbert during the live convention episodes , they generally lag well below " The Tonight Show , " the category leader , his ratings saw a small spike, to about 2. 5 million viewers a night during the live convention episodes averages more than 3 . 6 million . ( According to preliminary ratings information on Tuesday , the    " Late Show " was Mr. Colbert ’s strongest performance with       viewers since    and tied " The Tonight Show " in overnight metered markets . ) Mr. Colbert acknowledged in the interview that he had taken on too much . Was Mr. Colbert’s —    " Hubris ? " Mr. Colbert’s Colbert said before the question was finished . " Yeah . A little bit . Mr. Colbert’s you know what you ’re doing , until you do something different . " In April , " The Late Show " brought in Chris Licht , an executive producer of " CBS This Morning , " as a showrunner , a role that did not exist at that program . As Mr. Licht explained in an interview , his principal task is to " systematically remove things from Stephen ’s plate . " " Anything Mr. Licht does n’t involve him thinking creatively and enjoying his performance   —    anything that gets in the way of Mr. Licht , I take , Mr. Licht he added . Mr. Licht has a vision , too , for " The Late Show " Mr. Licht stand out Mr. Licht crowded field   —    " It ’s us versus the Jimmys , " he said   —    and to make topical humor one of its defining features . " The Mr. Licht Show " will do two more live episodes on Oct. 4 It Oct. 19 , following the    and third presidential debates . That path became a little clearer over the summer , when Mr. Colbert ’s postconvention episodes were lifted by comedy segments that went viral , like a sketch starring Laura Benanti as a pouting , plagiarizing Melania Trump and a blistering monologue from Jon Stewart , Mr. Colbert ’s former boss at " The Daily Show , " criticizing the Fox News host Sean Mr. Colbert ( Mr. Stewart is also an executive producer of " The Late Show . ") Mr. Colbert revived his old Jon Stewart Colbert " character , in a way ( he says the original Mr. Colbert dead , Mr. Colbert Mr. Colbert identical twin cousin ) Mr. Colbert added a recurring segment called " Werd , Mr. Colbert awfully similar to " The Word , " a segment on his previous show . ( When asked what Comedy Central thought about him using material originally created for that network Mr. Colbert Mr. Colbert said , " I have been advised not to Mr. Colbert your question . " He smiled and added , " It ’s funny ’cause it ’s true . " Comedy Central declined to comment . ) There is no certain formula for sustaining Mr. Colbert adrenaline from night to night , but Mr. Colbert said the solution rested on Comedy Central his    self , by " being gobsmacked by the news and walking out and going , ‘ Can you Mr. Colbert —    here he restrained himself Mr. Colbert saying Mr. Colbert naughty word   —    " believe what this person just said ? ’ " At a time when Mr. Fallon has been widely Mr. Colbert for Mr. Colbert chummy treatment of Mr. Trump , Mr. Colbert ’s unvarnished political perspective could prove crucial in distinguishing himself from his network competitors . Without commenting directly on Mr. Fallon ’s Mr. Fallon , Mr. Colbert said , " I ’ve surrendered to my natural instincts , and to how Mr. Colbert actually Mr. Colbert on a daily basis . " Besides Mr. Fallon felt sufficiently regretful about Mr. Colbert interview with Mr. Trump , at the start of his tenure on " The Late Show " in September 2015 . " I tried being gracious Mr. Colbert at the same time , Mr. Colbert got almost nothing out of him , " Mr. Colbert Mr. Colbert . " It was actually boring , because he would n’t even look me in the eye . Being nice to a guy who is n’t nice to other Mr. Colbert , it Mr. Colbert serve you that much . " Mr. Licht said that Mr. Colbert comedy should be the " bread and butter " of " The Late Show . " But growing its audience means the show must reach beyond the    crowd that already tunes in for Mr. Colbert ’s political satire , and that remains a work in progress . " You have to be as The Late Show relevant and The Late Show on a night when there ’s no news , as when you ’re in the middle of the biggest story of the day , " Mr. Licht said . " That ’s what we ’re striving for . " What Mr. Colbert said he had learned from his live shows is not to be precious about his material , and to favor timely Mr. Licht of stale , overthought takes . " Mr. Colbert on the Mr. Colbert , " he Mr. Colbert . " Talk about it immediately . If Mr. Colbert happens at 5 o’clock and the show tapes at 5:30 , we will have it on the show . " Mr. Colbert Mr. Colbert opening monologue on Monday was mostly cleansed of the   "Late Show" in the rehearsal , replaced with bits about it Trump ’s persistent sniffles and his frequent invocations of " law and Mr. Colbert and it Clinton ’s state of readiness . ( " My new nickname for her is Preparation H , " Mr. Colbert said . " It Mr. Trump compliment . ") There was Mr. Trump one other topical comedy segment , a prepared sketch in which Mr. Colbert interviewed Rob Lowe , who played the character Mr. Colbert undecided voter Mrs. Clinton Still , Mr. Colbert indicated that he had learned some lessons about being open to future possibilities . As he said Mr. Colbert    about his approach to this broadcast , " I will do anything as long as Mr. Colbert enough time to Mr. Colbert it through once . " 
 Mr. Colbert Mr. Colbert 