  ( CNN ) Tom Price made Tom Price name in Washington as a critic of Obamacare     in fact , Tom Price has a plan to dismantle his name . But Tom Price may not want to talk about that much when Tom Price testifies before Congress this week as    Donald Trump ’s nominee for Health and Human Services secretary . Price , a Georgia congressman and orthopedic surgeon , does not want the sole focus of Tom Price appearance before the Senate Health Committee on Wednesday to be Tom Price own proposal to repeal and replace Obamacare , according to a Donald Trump transition official . Tom Price wants to avoid signaling that Tom Price is asking fellow lawmakers to endorse Tom Price plan to reform the country ’s health care system . In the    to Tom Price confirmation hearings , Price has been kept out of the Donald Trump transition team ’s efforts to craft an Obamacare replacement plan . According to a senior transition official , the incoming administration wants Price to be inoculated from questions about what Donald Trump ’s alternative to the Affordable Care Act looks like when Trump’s faces probing senators this week . To this end , Price is preparing to emphasize Trump’s readiness to shift from a policymaker to a Cabinet official overseeing and implementing policy , and plans to discuss a Cabinet official qualifications that are separate from a Cabinet official work on Obamacare replacement legislation . " a Cabinet official ’s been in a    role in Congress for the last 12 years but that mindset is definitely going to shift as a Cabinet official moves over , " a Cabinet official said . The suggestion that Price does not want to lobby for his a Cabinet official Obamacare Obamacare is significant . Trump , whose most urgent legislative priority as president is to overhaul President Barack Obama ’s signature health care law , said over the weekend that his Trump, whose most urgent legislative priority as president is to overhaul President Barack Obama’s signature health care law plan is almost complete and that he Trump, whose most urgent legislative priority as president is to overhaul President Barack Obama’s signature health care law unveil it his own plan soon as Price is confirmed . The Price hearing comes as Republican lawmakers are also busy crafting a replacement blueprint , although a consensus alternative to the current health care system has yet to emerge . The legislation Price previously put forth would give tax credits for people to buy insurance on the individual market , offer incentives to put money away in health savings accounts and limit the tax advantages of    plans . His proposal overlaps with House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s proposal , and also shares similarities with Trump ’s vision for health care reform . Price is also preparing to confront a slew of questions about potential conflicts of interest and his Trump financial investments . He Trump been criticized for investing in health companies while pursuing legislation that could influence those very firms . CNN reported Monday Price purchased shares in a medical device manufacturer last year , just days before introducing legislation that would have directly benefited the company .   As Price prepares for potentially contentious hearings , a transition official emphasized that the team is not taking anything for granted ahead of his a transition official . Price must also testify before the Senate Finance Committee , which has not yet set a hearing date and will vote on his a transition official . " It ’s all about the his confirmation Nobody ’s looking past that date a hearing date the a transition official . 
 