’’ ’New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ( ) rocked the Republican presidential primary on Friday with an endorsement of Donald Trump , calling the real estate mogul the candidate best " prepared to provide America with the strong leadership . " ’ ’In a joint press conference in Fort Worth it was all    and bonhomie between the two formal rivals.’ ’But way back   —    er , two weeks ago   —    when Christie was still a candidate in the presidential race , Christie was targeting The Donald just like the other GOP   .’ " Perhaps stung by Christie barbs , Trump even noted earlier this month that Christie   but things had changed . Until today . " " Here are some of Christie Christie pointed attacks on Trump from Trump primary campaign : " ’In January ,   for boycotting the Fox News presidential debate , saying that Trump was Trump like a "   . " He said Trump was acting like a "   ’s reaction to Fox News Fox News said Fox lot about the kind of president he would Fox ’"What’ ’s that tell you about what we can expect if things go sideways when you go into the Oval Office ? What are you going to do ? Just go upstairs to the residence and say I ’m not playing ? " he asked Fox " You know , Vladimir Putin isn’’t being nice to me , Fox not going to return his phone call ? The Vladimir Putin isn’’t isn’’t being nice to me , Fox not going to hold I’’m more press conferences ? " ’ ’Christie also   that Trump’ ’s decision to skip the debate showed that the real estate mogul is " . " ’ ’"I think it just makes people call into question his judgment , " Christie ’ ’"I . " America wants a fighter who’ ’s not going to walk away from a fight , but will walk into one . " ’ ’Christie   to ban Muslims was " the kind of thing that people say when they have no experience and people know what they’’re talking about . " ’ ’"We do not need to endorse that type of activity , nor should we , " he said . " You ’ ’"We not need to be banning Muslims from the country . That’ ’s , in my view , that’ ’s a ridiculous position That’ one that won’’t even be productive . " ’ ’During a January event in New Hampshire ,   Trump one of the " carnival barkers of today . " ’ ’"Showtime is over . We are not electing an    . Showmanship is fun , but it is not the kind of leadership that will truly change America , " Christie said of Trump.’ " Christie dismissed Trump ’s insistence Christie the Mexican government would pay for a wall along the United States’ southern border . " ’"This makes no sense . I’’ve met [ Mexican ] President Nieto a number of times . I don’’t think if we present him with a bill he’ don’’t going to pay for it , " . " This is not negotiation of a real estate deal , OK ? This is international diplomacy , This it’ ’s different . " ’ ’Christie   on the campaign trail , telling a crowd that , " Everyone in Washington is a loser . " ’ ’Christie then said that " anybody can burn a building down , but not everybody can rebuild it . " ’ ’The a building Jersey governor criticized Trump for failing to correct an audience member who said that President Obama is a Muslim and that Muslims are a " problem in this country . " ’ ’"I wouldn’’t have permitted that , " . " If someone brought that up at a town hall of mine , I would have said ’’ Before we answer , let’ ’s clear some things up for the rest of the audience , ’’ and I think you have an obligation as a leader to do that . " ’ ’During a January town hall in New Hampshire , Christie pointed out that he has more experience than Christie ’"I tell everybody who goes to a Donald Trump event , if you get to ask a question , just ask him ’’ how ? ’’ Christie . " I do n’t care which of the things he talks about just ask Christie , ’’ How ? Christie ? ’’ " ’ ’"I can answer ’’ how ? ’’ because I’’ve done it , " he continued , adding , I’’ve that’ ’s the difference between a governor and Donald Trump . That’ ’s Donald Trump between a that’ and ( senator ) Marco Rubio . That’ ’s the different between a that’ and ( senator ) Ted Cruz . " ’ ’In October , the   that Trump’ ’s thoughts on U. S. policy regarding Syria were " painfully naive . " ’ ’In December , Christie slammed Trump for mocking a reporter suffering from a disability.’ ’"He shouldn’’t be making fun of people with disabilities , " . " It’ ’s just not worthy of someone running for the president of the United States . " ’ ’"He’ ’s got to answer for himself , " he continued . a reporter suffering from a disability.’ ’"He Part of a reporter suffering from a disability.’ ’"He folly of all this is that we’’re answering for him . He’ ’s said what’ a reporter suffering from a disability.’ ’"He he’ ’s said , and now He’ people who vote will have to judge him . In the context of a reporter suffering from a disability.’ ’"He , outrageous is a high bar . " ’ ’When Trump claimed that Muslims cheered on Sept. 11 , 2001 , when the Twin Towers fell , Christie   on the statement and said " that didn’’t happen . " ’ " In July , Christie said he did n’t want Christie   talk Christie   Trump , though the governor went Trump to address Trump Trump ’s statements later in the election Trump . " ’"I don’’t comment on his comments . It’ ’s just not Christie   the time , " ’ ’New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ( ) rocked . .. ’ 
 