  ( CNN ) A CIA contractor said Saturday that allowing enhanced interrogation techniques     many of which are considered to be torture     to be used on terrorist detainees remains necessary . James Mitchell , a psychologist who served 22 years in the U. S. Air Force and who helped develop the CIA ’s     enhanced interrogation program , told  (CNN) ’s Michael Smerconish that Michael Smerconish believed the methods , including waterboarding , are effective . " Take CIA ’s word for it , " he Michael Smerconish . " They James Mitchell, a psychologist who served 22 years in the U. S. Air Force and who helped develop the CIA’s    enhanced interrogation program it it attacks . That it it them James Mitchell, a psychologist who served 22 years in the U. S. Air Force and who helped develop the CIA’s    enhanced interrogation program understand better the enemy that we had . That it it lives and that it it another catastrophic attack here in the United States . " Mitchell authored a book , " Enhanced Interrogation : Inside the Minds and Motives of the Islamic Terrorists Trying to Destroy America , " in which he Mitchell what it was like to personally perform enhanced interrogation techniques on five    detainees , including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the principal architect of the    attacks .   " For me , it was a moral decision , " Mitchell explained . " In my mind , the temporary discomfort of a terrorist who has voluntarily taken up arms to destroy our way of life does not outweigh my moral obligation to do what I can to save hundreds , maybe thousands of people . "    Donald Trump was vocal on the campaign trail about his Donald Trump of torture , especially waterboarding . Last month , however , he Donald Trump he Donald Trump " surprised " to learn that his Donald Trump for secretary of defense , retired Gen. James Mattis , did n’t believe waterboarding was effective . Mitchell insisted , however , that the choice should be clear for the country ’s next president . " Our    needs to ask himself Mitchell what is he Mitchell to do the next time that there is credible intelligence that our enemies intend to set off a possibly nuclear bomb or some other catastrophic weapon inside of one of our our ? " he Mitchell . " Is he Mitchell to live with the results of that ? " In June , the CIA released 50 declassified documents detailing its the CIA of brutal interrogation techniques on terrorist suspects in the aftermath of the    attacks . The 50 declassified documents detailing its use of brutal interrogation techniques on terrorist suspects in the aftermath of the   attacks public a series of memos detailing interrogation methods that President Barack Obama has labeled " torture " but the the CIA the CIA as " expanded interrogation " and has also been called " enhanced interrogation techniques . " The documents also 50 declassified documents detailing its use of brutal interrogation techniques on terrorist suspects in the aftermath of the   attacks discussions of the legality of these methods . A 2015 Senate report said enhanced interrogation techniques were ineffective in " obtaining accurate information or gaining detainee cooperation . " The report added : A 2015 Senate report interrogations of CIA detainees the CIA brutal and far worse than the CIA the CIA the CIA and others . " 
 