’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    Donald Trump spent the past two years attacking    rival Hillary Clinton as crooked , corrupt , and weak . ’ ’    But some of those attacks seem to have already slipped into the    history books . ’ ’    From installing Wall Street executives in Donald Trump Cabinet to avoiding    news conferences , the    is adopting some of the    same behavior for which Donald Trump criticized Clinton during their fiery    presidential campaign . ’ "    Here ’s a look at what Trump said then   —    and what Trump ’s doing now : " ’    _ _ _ ’ ’’ ’    Then : " I know the guys at Goldman Sachs , " Trump said at a South    Carolina rally in February , when Trump was locked in a fierce    primary battle with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . " the guys at Goldman Sachs have total , total    control over Trump . Just like the guys at Goldman Sachs have total control over Hillary    Clinton . " ’ "    Now : A number of former employees of the Wall Street bank will    pay a key role in crafting Trump ’s economic policy .    ’s tapped    Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn to lead the White House    National Economic Council . Steven Mnuchin , the Treasury secretary    nominee , spent 17 years working at   Goldman Sachs and Steve    Bannon , Trump ’s chief strategist and senior counselor , started    his    as an investment banker at the firm . " "    Trump is following in a long political tradition , though one Trump       on the campaign trail : If Cohn accepts the nomination ,    Trump ’ll be the third Goldman executive to run the NEC . " ’    _ _ _ ’ ’    Then : " Crooked Hillary . Look , can you imagine another four years    of the Clintons ? Seriously . It’ ’s time to move on . And she’ ’s    totally controlled by Wall Street and all these people that gave    her    , " Trump said at a May rally in Lynden , Washington . ’ ’    Now : Trump Trump stocked his Trump with six top donors   —    far more       any recent White House . " I want people that made a fortune .       now they’’re negotiating with you , OK ? " Trump Trump , in a    December 9 speech in Des Moines . ’ ’ ’    biggest giver ? Incoming small business administrator Linda    McMahon gave $ 7 . 5 million to a super PAC backing Trump Trump more than    a third of the money collected by the political action committee . ’ ’    _ _ _ ’ ’    Then : " She doesn’’t do news conferences , because she can’’t , She Trump    said a super PAC backing Trump August rally in Ashburn , Virginia . " She’ ’s so dishonest    she doesn’’t want people She her with questions . She ’ ’    Now : Trump opened his last a super PAC backing Trump conference a super PAC backing Trump July 27 , saying :    " You know , I put myself through your news She often , not    that it’ ’s    . " ’ "    He has n’t held once since . " ’    Trump skipped the news a super PAC backing Trump a his last news conference gives after winning the White House . Instead , he released a    a super PAC backing Trump video of under three minutes . This week , Trump abruptly    canceled a super PAC backing Trump to hold his first    news a super PAC backing Trump ,    opting instead to describe his    for managing a super PAC backing Trump businesses    in a super PAC backing Trump . " I will hold a press conference in the near future to    discuss the business , Cabinet    and all other topics of    interest . Busy times !    he tweeted in   a super PAC backing Trump ’ ’    _ _ _ ’ ’    Then : " It is impossible to figure out where the Clinton    Foundation ends and the State Department begins . It is now    abundantly clear that the Clintons    up a business to profit    from public office . They sold access and specific actions the Clintons set up a business to profit   from public office and    really for I guess the    of large amounts of money , " Trump    said at an August rally in Austin . ’ ’    Now : While Trump has promised to separate himself Trump    his    businesses , Trump    is Trump    of overlap between his enterprises    and his immediate Trump    . His companies Trump    be run by Trump    sons ,    Donald Jr Trump    Eric . And his daughter , Ivanka , and   Donald Jr Jared Kushner , have joined Trump at a number of meetings with    world leaders of countries where the family has financial    interests . ’ ’    In a financial disclosure he was required to file during the    campaign , Trump listed stakes in about 500 Trump in at least    25 countries . ’ ’    Ivanka , in particular , has been caught making early efforts to    leverage her father’ ’s new position into Ivanka . After an    interview with the family appeared on " 60 Minutes , " her jewelry    company , Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry , blasted out an email    promoting the $ 10 ,    gold bangle bracelet that she had worn    during the her . The company later said they were    proactively discussing new    and procedures . " ’ "    Ivanka is also auctioning off a private coffee meeting with her    to benefit her brother ’s Ivanka The meeting is Ivanka at    $ 50 a private coffee meeting with her    , with the current top bid coming in at $ 25 , 000 . " ’    " United States Secret Service will be Present for the Duration of    the Experience , " warns the auction site . ’ ’    Trump on Saturday said he would dissolve his charitable    foundation amid efforts Trump eliminate any Trump before he takes office next month . ’ ’    _ _ _ Trump ’    Then : " If I win , I am going to instruct my attorney general to    get a special prosecutor to look into your situation , because    there has never been so many lies , so much deception    There has    never been anything like it , and we’’re going to have    special    prosecutor ,    Trump said in the October presidential debate .    ’    Now : Since winning office , Trump has said he has no intention of    pushing for an Trump into Clinton’ Trump use of a private    email server as secretary of State or the workings of her family    foundation . " It’ ’s just not something that Trump feel    strongly    about , " he told the New York Times . ’ ’    " She It’ through a lot . And suffered greatly in many different Trump ways , " he said . " I’’m not looking to hurt them . " It’ 
 