Washington ( CNN ) Former House Speaker John Boehner threw cold water Thursday on the prospect of congressional Republicans following through on Republicans pledge to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act . " Republicans ’ll fix Obamacare , " Former House Speaker John Boehner predicted at a conference hosted by the Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society in Orlando , Florida . " I should n’t have called it repeal and replace because that ’s not what ’s going to happen . They ’re basically Republicans to fix the flaws and put a more conservative box around it . " a more conservative box ’s comments Former House Speaker John Boehner as his former colleagues Former House Speaker John Boehner an uncertain path forward on dismantling    Barack Obama ’s signature achievement . The party has Former House Speaker John Boehner settle on a replacement plan , and many members are facing criticism at town hall meetings this week from constituents who are upset about the potential ramifications of Republicans following through on the campaign pledge . The former speaker noted the difficulty Republicans would confront in getting everyone on board . " This is not all that hard to figure out , except this : In the 25 years that I served in the United States Congress , Republicans never , ever one time agreed on what a healthcare proposal should look like . Not once , " Boehner said . He said lawmakers were Boehner confident in how easy they thought the process lawmakers go .   " All this happy talk that went on in November and December and January about repeal , repeal , repeal     yeah we ’ll do replace , replace     I started laughing because if you pass repeal without replace , first , anything that happens is your fault . You broke it . " Boehner you pass repeal without replace, first, anything that happens is your fault he warned GOP leaders Boehner repealing Obamacare without a replacement ready because the members " will never ever agree what the bill should be . " " Perfect always becomes the enemy of the good , " he added . Boehner Boehner predicted that Boehner of the fundamental pieces of the health care law would remain in place , including coverage for children up to age 26 and for those with    conditions . " Most of the Affordable Care Act , the framework , is going to stay there . " Rep. Tom McClintock ,    dismissed Boehner ’s remarks in Boehner interview Thursday with CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront . " " Unlike John Boehner , I Boehner’s read minds and I ca n’t tell fortunes . But I can tell you there is a very strong consensus in the House that Obamacare is collapsing on the American people , " he said , adding that Obamacare on fixing health care issues are " moving very rapidly . " Beyond health care policy , Boehner also weighed in on Boehner’s first month of the Trump presidency , saying he expects the tumult that Boehner’s defined the start of the new administration to last . " I expect the Trump presidency is going the Trump presidency lot like the Trump campaign     sometimes divisive Trump sometimes incoherent , sometimes disrespectful     but also sometimes effective , " Boehner said . " And Boehner’s do n’t know why anybody would think , if you ’ve watched his campaign for the last Boehner’s months , why his presidency of the next Boehner’s months is going to be much different . It ’s not . " 
 