Democratic vie presidential candidate Tim Kaine was the guest of honor at a fundraiser hosted by UTA managing director Jay Sures on Tuesday in Los Angeles , where Democratic vie presidential candidate Tim Kaine confidently predicted that Democratic vie presidential candidate Tim Kaine running mate , Hillary Clinton , would win the election in November . [ According to Deadline , Democratic vie presidential candidate Tim Kaine spoke for about 15 minutes and then took questions from an audience that included NBCUniversal film chief Jeff Shell , Lionsgate CEO Jon Feltheimer ,    Judd Apatow , architect Frank Gehry , CBS Entertainment president Nina Tassler and Cindy Horn .   " CBS Entertainment ’re going to win this . I ’m    in elections and I absolutely plan on being " Kaine reportedly told the audience . Tickets for the afternoon fundraiser in Beverly Hills reportedly cost between $ 2 , 700 to $ 27 , 000 . On Monday , Kaine attended a Latinos for Hillary fundraiser at the home of Desperate Housewives star Eva Longoria , with tickets reportedly starting at $ 10 , 000 and going all the way up to $ 100 , 000 . Longoria has long been a Democratic Party contributor , and launched the    Latino Victory Project PAC in 2014 . Longoria has also compared Republican Donald Trump to Hitler . Sures hosted Kaine for an intimate fundraising dinner at his Kaine in July , before he Kaine chosen as Clinton ’s vice presidential running mate . That an intimate fundraising dinner at his home in July attended by about 30 Hollywood heavyweights , including Fox ’s Dana Walden , Turner CCO Kevin Reilly and television producer Chuck Lorre . Hillary Clinton Clinton in Los Angeles in August , when a    fundraising swing netted around $ 18 million for her campaign . Clinton candidate attended fundraisers at the homes of Magic Johnson , Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel , billionaire entertainment mogul Haim Saban and Apple CEO Time Cook and taped an appearance on ABC ’s Jimmy Kimmel Live . Clinton had been scheduled to travel to Los Angeles for another fundraising trip earlier this months , with stops planned at the homes of Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane and billionaire IAC chairman Barry Biller , but was forced to cancel after being diagnosed with pneumonia .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 