’’ ’In    with Bernie Sanders surging in the polls in Iowa , The Daily Show With Trevor Noah decided it was time to formally introduce Bernie Sanders to it audience.’ ’Sanders officially declared Trevor Noah candidacy this past May and has been squarely in the public eye for months now , Trevor Noah positions , politics , unkempt hair , and Brooklyn accent dissected all over cable news and   in the land ( ) .’ ’Still , Noah supposed ’Still viewers " might be wondering [ about ] this rising new , yet old , force in the Democratic Party . " ’ ’Then Noah launched into " , " a relatively straightforward , jokey synopsis of Sanders’ accomplishments , from Noah birth in Brooklyn to Noah election as senator , climaxing in . " If you ask me personally , " Noah said , " Bernie Sanders’ popularity has nothing to do with policy . I think it ’s because Noah ’s opposite Trump . See , the world craves balance . Noah ’s the yin to Trump ’s racist yang . " ’ ’Noah concluded by pointing out that both Trump and Sanders regularly commit New York —   style assaults on the pronunciation of the word huge . The segment was a précis of Noah ’s Daily Show so far : something that looks like The Daily Show , that mugs and winks like The Daily Show , but that has only a diluted point of view.’ ’If you suspect that there is something more substantial to say about Sanders than that he talks Sanders , The Daily The Daily Show Stewart agrees . Stewart ’s Daily Show Jon Stewart began with a clip reel of pundits disparaging Sanders as a whack Sanders , as Stewart , talking fast , Jon Stewart voice pitched high , ’It ranted , " If Salvador Dalí and Dr. Seuss had a child and that child was raised by a child monkeys , it would be Bernie Sanders . Give me a taste of this crazy wacko cuckoo bird , " throwing to a clip of a Sanders sharing his policy positions Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders pay Bernie Sanders for women , campaign finance reform , and expanded social security . " What a    …      rational , slightly     mainstream politician , " Stewart said.’ ’"Bernie [ is n’t ] a    cuckoo bird , it ’s that we ’ve all become so accustomed to      —   driven candidates that authenticity comes across as lunacy . " ’ ’’ ’’ ’Daily Show’ ’The Daily Show’ ’’ ’As we head into a presidential election totally different from any election we ’ve seen before , one all but tailored for The Daily Show , there is a Daily Show —   shaped hole in the culture , despite a lesser version of the show airing every weeknight . Between Cruz ’s authoritarian smarm , Hillary ’s striving for the human touch , and the racist extravaganza that is Trump , American politics have never been more in need of puncturing by The Daily Show ’s exasperated logic . The Daily Show away from thorny issues like they are bombs that can be defused with a Noah quip . He ’s out to neutralize , not to awaken Noah How did the program devoted to scaling bullshit mountain in all its incarnations , the program that once had a the program choir sing " Go fuck yourself " to a Fox News correspondent , come to feel so beside the point?’ ’At its best , The Daily Show is cathartic . a Fox News correspondent has served a real sociopolitical end by dragging The Daily Show most offensive , inane , and ridiculous aspects of our politics under the bright lights and laughing at them with intelligence and wit and lowbrow goofiness . The Daily Show is an activist joker , deflating The Daily Show the sanctimonious status quo , so that instead of suffering through it alone , we can laugh at it together.’ ’’ ’Stewart The Daily Show himself gray trying to rain sanity The Daily Show silliness , and outrage ’Stewart the hypocrisy , mendacity , and idiocy that is our political discourse . For his effort and his anger , he was rewarded with trust ’Stewart love , ’Stewart fake newsman ’Stewart became more indispensible than a real one.’ ’Where Stewart allowed himself to be a divining rod for the news , to ’Where Stewart it all and lose his cool accordingly , Noah is always smooth and telegenic , ’Where Stewart in his manner and on the eyes , never worked up , ’Where Stewart letting things get too dark . The   before he even took over The Daily Show seemed to presage a ’Where Stewart and unsubtle host , one who would say the wrong thing at the wrong time . But Tweetgate proved to be a red herring.’ ’Noah ’s problem is not that he makes bad jokes but that he does n’t take more Tweetgate to make great ones . Tweetgate bloodless finesse , he never goes for the jugular.’ ’Consider Noah ’s coverage of Tweetgate ’s recent State of the Union , in which he explained : " Typically a State of the Union is Tweetgate a president lays out his agenda for the Union to come , " just one of a president moments when The Daily Show ’s attempts to expand its demographic suggest it ’s imagining an audience who might know nothing The Daily Show politics at all . Noah often makes toothless jokes about physical appearances , from El Chapo ’s bad shirt to a guy who looked like a " wizard " at a recent Democratic debate.’ ’The sight of one bespectacled tween in the crowd during the SOTU sent Noah on a reverie about an imaginary sitcom called " Senator Kid Noah " It was not a particularly funny flight of fancy , and it provided no analysis of the State of the Union . As It reached the end of the bit , perhaps sensing that it Noah n’t gone over that well , he put his charm to work , scrunching up his nose and giggling hard he " I ’m sorry , I he really see the show , " he shrugged.’ ’In the runup to Noah ’s The Daily Show The Daily he announced that it would be Noah from its staple under Stewart : media criticism and The Daily Show in particular , the relentless The Daily Show of Stewart ’s bête noir and raison d’etre , Fox News . This made sense Stewart Stewart , with an assist from Stephen Colbert , had spent more than a Stewart slicing and dicing the cable news industry . His eviscerations were still widely popular with The Daily Show audience and the      crowd , but they were old news , thanks in large part to Stewart ’s own work.’ the     crowd , instead of covering the coverage of the news Stewart covers the news itself , but this straightforward approach places The Daily Show in a crowded the news people who are more experienced and The Daily Show , including Colbert , John Oliver , Larry Wilmore , and soon enough , Samantha Bee.’ ’’ ’Compare Noah ’s approach to that of Wilmore , a Daily Show expat who is now the host of Comedy Noah ’s The Nightly Show and who has a more eggheady —   and earnest —   vibe . Last week , The Daily Show and The Nightly Show , which air back to back , both ran segments about the The Nightly Show , water crisis , The Daily Show two nights after The Nightly Show.’ ’The segments were similar and strong . Noah took an uncharacteristically heartfelt The Nightly Show that " this is people ’s lives , " before   his punch line . Observing that the crisis could have been avoided for $ 100 a day , he said , " I Noah to call out to all my friends in Africa , because my friends , for only $ Noah a day , we can save a village in America , " using Noah ’s own biography to skewer America ’s ludicrous exceptionalism.’ ’But next to Wilmore ’s take on Flint , Noah ’s was distant . Even when talking about something America outrageous as what happened in Flint , Noah tends to seem remote Noah jokey , rather than genuinely curious . making Noah ’s segment look funnier and    Flint comparison Noah   until the climax . That ’s when Wilmore dove furiously in . Noah’s you have politicians fall all over each other to see who can make the most draconian budget Wilmore , " Wilmore said , " you get decisions like this : citizens poisoned in a mania to save 100 fucking dollars a day . Officials Wilmore Flint , Michigan , should all be rounded up and put behind bars . " ’ ’This sort of outraged advocacy was a staple of Stewart ’s tenure on The Daily Show , and Noah does not , as of yet , seem to have it in him . How could Noah feel as passionate about the intricacies of the American political system as Jon Stewart , or any Jon Stewart He Noah got here Noah Distance can be a good thing for satirists —   John Oliver , for instance , has clearly figured Noah how to leverage his    as a way to make his perspective on U. S. politics feel even sharper and more objective . But The Daily Show Noah n’t decided whether to play up Noah ’s The Daily Show to pretend it does n’t exist.’ ’Playing naïve has also undermined Noah in the role he The Daily Show positioned to do best Noah bring his outsider status and own personal history to bear on American racial politics . Noah the subject of Noah , he ’s proven himself to be Noah astute observer who can deliver hard truths in a brightly appealing way.’ ’His most successful bit to date was Noah inspired observation Noah Trump is   which contextualizes Trump , while demystifying Africa , all while being hilarious . Noah and the writers have integrated more racial humor and commentary into the show than it had before , to say nothing of dramatically diversifying the series’ Noah Race is The Daily Show in nearly every episode , sometimes in unexpected ways , as in a riff about an app that can ask questions of the Founding Fathers : When Thomas Jefferson gets a look at Noah , he freaks out : " ! " ’ ’’ ’And yet on the subject of race Noah as with everything else , Noah often eases up , instead of Thomas Jefferson in . Early in his tenure , while introducing a segment the subject of race Cops Racist ? " with Noah Jr. and Klepper , Noah noted that when it comes to Noah of the police , " It really does seem like there ’s no common ground . It ’s as if Noah whole issue is just black and    …     " he tapered off , as his face lit up with an epiphany.’ ’But instead of saying the It " white , " he proclaimed , " It ’s Noah cookie ! " On Noah , an image of that deli staple , the     cookie , popped up . " Noah problem is a cookie , " Noah said . This might be good for a dopey laugh if it were paired with some scathing analysis from Noah instead of his correspondents , but without Noah , it just seems embarrassingly simplistic , an empty Noah ’Daily Show’ ’’ ’’ ’’ This ’’ 
 