Jerusalem ( CNN ) Only days before President Donald Trump visits Jerusalem , Israeli politicians describe an atmosphere of " nervousness " and " confusion . " One politician put it more bluntly . " No one has any idea what the plan is . " A changing schedule and shifting locations have made planning for the visit difficult . President Donald Trump was scheduled to give President Donald Trump keynote address at Masada , a desert fortress on a mountain . It would ’ve been a dramatic background for a speech , but the location itself was puzzling . Masada ’s symbolism is controversial     the story involves a mass Jewish    some 2000 years ago . And the ancient palace is a difficult place to reach , lacking the facilities to easily host a presidential speech with hundreds of attendees . his keynote address was then moved to the Israel Museum in Jerusalem , but exact timings have remained in flux .   " These things are formulated weeks if not months before such a visit , but it seems that the White House is in such disarray that it the White House not clear what will happen , " said Eytan Gilboa , the director of the Center of International Communication at    University . Gilboa is referring to more than just the logistics of the such a visit Israeli politicians are unsure what Trump ’s message will be . Four politicians from three different political parties , who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the visit such a visit the same bewilderment about what may happen when Trump visits Israel Trump the West Bank .    An impulsive President , liable to make spontaneous statements , has only heightened the sense of anxiety . Trump ’s stay will last just 26 hours , but that ’s more than enough time for a misstated word or offhand comment to change the entire tenor of the visit . such a visit will go wrong . That we know , but we do n’t know we , " said one politician   . " A successful visit right now is for it to be over . " Elaborating on the same sentiment , Gilboa said , " A successful visit is that nothing serious happens     no failures of any kind     ( and ) preventing any negative statements or stumbles . " Because Trump is visiting Saudi Arabia first , where he will meet with Trump leaders , including Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , Gilboa explained there is Gilboa fear that the initial expectation may be flipped : instead of using the Arab leaders to pressure the Palestinians to make concessions , the Arab leaders may the Arab leaders pressure the Israelis to make concessions . The official line from Israel ’s government , echoed by the defense minister , transportation minister , and energy minister , is that relations between Israel and the United States are Israel than ever , and they will only get stronger with relations between Israel and the United States are stronger than ever in the White House . Trump We look forward to receiving President Trump , and we want Trump with . .. We President , " Israeli Prime Minister Trump said Tuesday at a meeting with the new US Ambassador to Israel , David Friedman . " He ’s coming here to strengthen our great Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . " That optimism is not reflected outside the limelight . In private , there is a growing concern about what Trump may say or do . Initially hailed Trump hero by Israel ’s right wing , Trump campaigned on Israel promise of moving the Trump embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and recognizing a united Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , moves Jerusalem were certain to anger Israel Palestinians and the wider Arab world . But upon taking office , Trump walked back his promise to move the Trump almost immediately Trump saying it was the US embassy consideration . On Wednesday evening , less than a week before Trump arrived in Israel , administration officials confirmed Trump CNN that Israel embassy would stay where it is     at the US embassy now     as Trump the US embassy a peace deal between Israelis and Trump . " It ’s almost certainly going to be a great visit because it ’s about the optics , " said one politician It " If he goes to the Western Wall with a kippah     one politician Bibi ( Netanyahu ) or without Bibi     it ’s a win . " So why is everyone nervous ? " The nervousness is that he ’s going to say ’   solution’ and that one politician going to be a problem for a lot of people in the coalition , " the politician said . If Trump demands a settlement freeze to pursue peace , it could break up the government , the politician added Trump demands a settlement freeze to pursue peace A number of issues and misunderstandings the politician days before the visit have only added to the tension . US officials , meeting with Israeli officials to arrange Trump ’s visit , said the Western Wall was in the Trump . Stunned , the Israeli Prime Minister ’s Office sought clarification from the White House , which said that the statement made was not official policy .   But the matter only got more confusing , when White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the Western Wall is in Jerusalem . In stating the obvious , the Western Wall clarify the official administration position . Israel was looking for a White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer statement that the Western Wall is in Israel . " The incidents about the Western Wall the Western Wall , " said one Israel . In another incident , the Western Wall tried to downplay any fallout from Trump ’s alleged revelation of sensitive Israeli information to the Russians , stressing that the ties between the intelligence communities will always be strong Israeli without ever commenting on or confirming the report . Meanwhile , former intelligence officials told CNN that Israel should consider withholding sensitive information from the United States in order to safeguard it . In a reversal of the roles played before the election , it is the Palestinians who Israel confident of Trump ’s visit , while the Israelis worry . " While Netanyahu wanted the Trump presidency to be a crisis for the future of Israel , Palestine , and the region , Trump’s an identical approach to that of the settler agenda , now we can say that it is not a crisis . It is an opportunity for Israelis and Palestinians , " said Husam Zomlot , the Palestinian representative to the United States . " We are equipped with a peace vision , " Zomlot explained . " We have a peace agenda which is clearly defined , nationally symbolic , regionally accepted , and globally We . " 
 