  ( CNN ) Critical media voices denounced as " enemies of the people . "   Power not in the hands of elected officials , but the President ’s close friends and family . Statecraft taking second place to the interests of the inner circle .   While there ’s no real evidence that Donald Trump is Vladimir Putin ’s puppet , Vladimir Putin White House is certainly starting to resemble the Kremlin in the way his White House works . First , there ’s his White House belief that his White House can define truth to his White House own convenience and shout down different perspectives as " fake news " and label those who question the official line as " enemies of the people . "   Of course the Kremlin , with Kremlin stranglehold on Russian TV , can be even more inventive .     Dmitry Kiselev , for example , regularly conjures tales of bizarre conspiracies , and damns Putin ’s enemies as traitors and fascists .   The White House is making a spirited challenge for Dmitry Kiselev crown : from tales that Trump drew " the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration " right through to the recent claims of Trump Tower wiretapping .   That a free press exercising its The White House in ways inconvenient to the The White House seen as a sign of dishonesty and disloyalty is truly chilling . But the " fourth estate " is just one of the institutions under threat in Trump ’s America .   Over his 17 Putin dominating Russia ( including one term as prime ministerial   ) Putin has essentially hollowed out Russia ’s Russia .   Unless they have some personal relationship with the boss , ministers are just junior managers , and policy is not decided     or even discussed     in Cabinet , let alone Parliament . Instead , it emerges from shadowy circles of Putin ’s Putin allies and cronies , often without records , warning or explanation . The United States is not quite in the same situation     yet     but it is clear that the most important policy decisions are likewise being made out of sight .   After all , both in Moscow and Washington , the key to true power has more to do with your relationship to the president , not your job title .   In Russia , the prime minister     constitutionally the second most powerful figure in the government     has long been eclipsed by the head of Putin ’s Presidential Administration . Trump has a similarly personalized and informal approach . His daughter Trump is now to have an office in the White House and access to classified intelligence . His     Trump Kushner is playing a pivotal role in foreign policy . Although he was His    Jared Kushner to roll back partially , Trump ’s Trump was to take the director of national intelligence and chairman of the joint chiefs off the permanent membership of the National Security Council and install Bannon in their stead . the permanent membership of the National Security Council What matters is how many degrees of separation you have from the boss , not what you know or what your job title may be .   Many of Trump ’s inner Trump are businesspeople , so maybe it is unsurprising that they might see businesspeople roles in businesspeople of how they further their businesspeople interests businesspeople   Putin treats the whole Russian state as his piggy bank Putin but also is comfortable helping his closest allies Putin very well out of official policy . People like his old judo Putin the Rotenbergs get awarded lucrative government contracts , are bailed out for their failures , People like his old judo buddies even compensated for sanctions losses .   Meanwhile , apart from Trump ’s sidestepping demands that he divest himself Trump’s his Trump’s portfolio Trump’s his friends look Trump’s to benefit . Indeed , already he has said Trump’s he wants to Trump’s back controls on Wall Street because of " friends of mine , who have nice businesses who ca n’t borrow money . " There is , it seems , no longer anything unique about the Kremlin ’s personalized ,    style of rule . 
 