BEIRUT , Lebanon   —    Two men who have reported extensively on jihadists and BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Two men who have reported extensively on jihadists and their activities activities have sued President Trump and members of his administration based on BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Two men who have reported extensively on jihadists and their activities belief that the government has put BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Two men who have reported extensively on jihadists and their activities on a " kill list " meant for terrorists , according to court documents . Although BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Two men who have reported extensively on jihadists and their activities have worked in war zones and had contact with many members of Al Qaeda and other extremist groups , the men , Bilal Abdul Kareem and Ahmad Muaffaq Zaidan , deny that BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Two men who have reported extensively on jihadists and their activities are members of militant organizations . In they are members of militant organizations federal lawsuit , filed on Thursday in Washington , they are members of militant organizations provide little evidence that they are members of militant organizations are on the United States kill list , which is classified , and current and former American counterterrorism officials expressed skepticism that current and former American counterterrorism officials activities would get current and former American counterterrorism officials marked for death by a program meant to eliminate terrorists actively plotting violence against America . Mr. Zaidan has been reporting from    areas in northern Syria , where he has filmed uncritical interviews with Qaeda members . Mr. Zaidan is a former bureau chief Mr. Zaidan Al Jazeera in Pakistan and one of the few journalists to interview Osama bin Laden before the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks . The men ’s lawyers and Reprieve , a human rights group in Britain that filed the lawsuit , hope that it will force the government to not only to clarify the men ’s status , but the lawsuit divulge information about a highly secretive program that has The men , including Anwar    an American cleric who died in a drone strike in Yemen in 2011 . American officials argue that covert drone strikes are an effective tool against terrorism that have removed key threats from the battlefield in places like Yemen , Somalia and Syria . Critics say the program allows the government to kill people outside of Yemen legal process to determine their innocence or guilt . " Under three presidents now the U. S. government has had a policy people putting people , including U. S. citizens , on the government secret evidence and still largely secret criteria without meaningful oversight even after the fact , " said Hina Shamsi , the director of the National Security Project at the American Civil Liberties Union , which was not involved in the case . The men ’s lawyer , Jeffrey D. Robinson , said that they should be given the right to contest their inclusion on any list that could get them killed . " Before The men’s lawyer, Jeffrey D. Robinson state applies its power in force to The men’s lawyer, Jeffrey D. Robinson to my death , give me an The men’s lawyer, Jeffrey D. Robinson to show that you got the wrong the state , " said Mr. Robinson , a senior counsel in the Washington office of Lewis Baach . The case revolves around the suspicion that the men ’s association with members of Al Qaeda and other militant groups in the course of their reporting has led to their classification as terrorists . Mr. Abdul Kareem said he believed that he was on the the men because he had nearly the men killed in airstrikes five times in the last Mr. Abdul Kareem , at Mr. Abdul Kareem one of them from a Mr. Abdul Kareem , according to court papers . According to Clive Stafford Smith , the Founder of Reprieve , the men Abdul Kareem was also informed by a Turkish intelligence official that the United States was seeking to kill him . Mr. Abdul Kareem who has both Pakistani and Syrian citizenship , thinks he is on the list based on documents from Mr. Abdul Kareem National Security Agency leaked by Edward J. Snowden and published by The Intercept Mr. Abdul Kareem The documents appear to be slides from a presentation about a technology that uses metadata from cellphones to identify couriers for Al Qaeda documents from the National Security Agency leaked by Edward J. Snowden and published by The Intercept slide contained a picture of Mr. Zaidan , alleging that he is a member of Al Qaeda and the Muslim Brotherhood , in addition to being an employee of Al Jazeera . It also Mr. Zaidan that he had an Al Qaeda in the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment , or TIDE , the lowest level of the government ’s terrorism watch list Mr. Zaidan After the information was published , Mr. Zaidan , fearing for his life , fled Pakistan for Qatar , where Al Jazeera is based , according to the lawsuit . The case , filed in the Mr. Zaidan States District Court for the District of Columbia Al Jazeera 12 defendants all believed to be involved in the United States’ covert drone program . They include Mr. Trump , the heads of the Central Intelligence Agency and Department of Homeland Security , and the departments of Justice and Defense . The case, filed in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, names 12 defendants all believed to be involved in the United States’ covert drone program government has 60 days to respond , and could argue that the court lacks jurisdiction to rule on such matters . The C. I. A. declined to comment and the National Security Agency did not respond to a request for comment . But officials familiar with the government ’s procedures for targeting suspected terrorists expressed the Central Intelligence Agency ’s claims that they are on the kill list . Under a 2013 document called the The government , issued under President Barack Obama but still in effect , only people judged to the men’s a " continuing , imminent threat to U. S. persons " can be targeted outside a conventional war zone . In addition , the rules say that targeted killing should take place only if capture is " infeasible , " which usually means the target is in a lawless area where arrest would be impossible or hazardous . Mr. Zaidan ’s inclusion in the    TIDE database would get him additional attention if he tried to fly to the United States . But by itself , it would not come close to meeting the standard necessary to put him on Mr. Zaidan kill list , Mr. Zaidan to government officials and outside experts , who requested anonymity he tried to fly to the United States discuss he tried to fly to the United States secret operation . His presence in Qatar , where he could Mr. Zaidan be arrested , would also protect him against targeted killing , the experts added . As for Mr. Kareem , his status Mr. Zaidan an American citizen would mean Mr. Zaidan decision to target him would require an additional Mr. Zaidan review by the Justice outside experts, who requested anonymity to discuss a secret operation as occurred in the Mr. Zaidan Mr. Awlaki Mr. Zaidan Mr. Awlaki ’s father , Nasser    went to court twice Mr. Zaidan challenge the government ’s actions in the case of his son : first , to demand that he be removed from Mr. Awlaki list , and second , after his death , to demand that the government release more of the evidence against Mr. Awlaki . Both lawsuits were dismissed , so his son issues they raised were never fully adjudicated . 
 the government’s his son his son Both lawsuits 