Green Bay , Wisconsin ( CNN ) Sen. Ron Johnson , suddenly surging in a    race where had been assumed all but dead by national Republicans , offered Friday what could be a closing message for Republicans nationwide : I am a check on Hillary Clinton . Ever since Donald Trump began plummeting in nationwide and    polls , Republicans in tough    fights have been weighing how aggressively to elbow out Republicans in tough   fights presidential candidate . Several competitive candidates have disavowed Donald Trump entirely     but others have tried to traipse the tightrope . Debating here in the shadow of Lambeau Field in his first showdown against his Democratic challenger , former Sen. Russ Feingold , Johnson attempted to do just that , rolling out a     argument .   The strategy allows Johnson and other Republicans     to effectively concede the presidential race without having to invite Trump ’s scorn with an   .   " I ’m not going to defend the indefensible , " said Johnson Johnson asked if he Johnson pledge to " 100 % " support Trump Trump the spate of recent allegations of sexual misconduct against him Johnson " But I will hold whoever is our president accountable . " It was a preview of the playbook that Republicans could employ in the final three weeks before Election Day     broadly and    defending Trump Trump relentlessly attacking Clinton and promising to not let Clinton Clinton him Trump both are sent to Washington . Yet Johnson Trump open the door to abandoning Trump Trump he Trump more and more poisonous to    candidates . Johnson Trump speaking to media after the debate wrapped , first dismissed a question about ditching Trump Trump he Trump getting " destroyed " as a " hypothetical "     but then left open the possibility when pressed by a reporter . " Sure , anybody could do something that would make me withdraw my support , " Johnson Trump . " Donald Trump ’s a change agent . So am I. Trump been Trump thought to be one of the two Republican incumbents almost certain to be replaced by a Democratic challenger . Despite being an incumbent , Johnson is actually Trump    than Feingold , the state ’s longtime Demcoratic senator who Johnson ousted in Trump . But after leading Johnson for nearly Trump entire year by double digits , the race has surprisingly become competitive : the most recent survey , by Marquette University Law School , showed Feingold leading by just 2 points . That has invited some increased scrutiny of Feingold , who on Friday did not prosecute the    campaign that Senate Democratic candidates are executing nationwide . After the first question about Johnson ’s fealty Trump nominee , Feingold Trump not utter Feingold Trump " a single other time during the entire    debate . Johnson similarly tried to Trump Clinton ’s unpopularity as a weight on his Democratic opponent , Trump by the end of the evening , both candidates were calling for their rivals to renounce both candidates party ’s nominee both candidates   Feingold , speaking to reporters after the debate , was the entire   debate endorser of Clnton     even on Friday , he would n’t say whether Feingold supported fellow liberal Bernie Feingold in the primary     and he labored to tell reporters Feingold Clinton would carry out an " ethical presidency . " And as for those surveys showing a tightening race ? " A close race and a close poll focuses the mind , " Feingold said . 
 