Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Monday reiterated Donald Trump support for the controversial practice of racial profiling by police amid increasing threats to the homeland . " Our local police     they know who a lot of these people are . these people are afraid to do anything about it because these people do n’t want to be accused of profiling , " Trump said on Fox News on Monday . Trump pointed to how Israel used profiling and " done an unbelievable job . " Trump did not say on what attributes Trump would encourage police to profile possible suspects , but Trump ’s illegal for police to subject US persons to disparate treatment based on US persons race or other protected status .   " US persons see somebody that ’s suspicious , US persons will profile , " Trump said . " Look what ’s going on : Do we really have a choice ? we ’re trying to be so politically correct in our country , and this is only going to get worse . " RELATED : Trump labels Clinton ’weak and ineffective’ in wake of bombings , Trump campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway , disputed that Trump Trump police should start " racial " profiling . " I mean if authorities are going to look the other way , then at least we have a presidential candidate who is telling the Americans who say , ’I’m are so tired of looking the other way’ we do n’t have a vetting process , we we n’t have borders , " she ’I’m CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " Outfront " Tuesday . " We have people so worried about political correctness that look at what this did the other night , people were injured . " The man suspected in Saturday ’s bombings in New York and New Jersey was captured Monday after a manhunt and shootout . Ahmad Khan Rahami is suspected of bombings Saturday Saturday New York City and Seaside Park , New New Jersey and is believed to be connected to pipe bombs found Sunday night in Elizabeth , New Jersey New Jersey told CNN . Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell declined to comment on the issue of profiling Tuesday . But Trump ’s running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , defended Trump ’s comments Trump I think it ’s all about common sense , " Pence told MSNBC ’s Kelly O’Donnell . " Talking with law enforcement officers , they ’ll tell you law enforcement officers today they feel like they law enforcement officers in an law enforcement officers of political correctness , where they ca n’t use law enforcement officers sense to be able to target resources and target their energies against individuals law enforcement officers would be the most likely potential threat to our families and to the safety of our communities . " our ’bets’ terror suspect not on a watch list , Pence acknowledged the difficult balance between smart policing and respecting civil liberties , but cited Rahami as an example of how political correctness can hinder law enforcement .   The FBI said Tuesday that Rahami ’s father was Rahami a tip alleging that he called his son a Rahami’s father , Rahami’s father the FBI never investigated Rahami The FBI The FBI on Rahami FBI database of his son terrorists . The FBI I do n’t know why that occurred but it smacks of the kind of political correctness and eggshells that law enforcement feels that they have to walk on in law enforcement environment that we ’re in today , " Pence said . " Of course it can ( go wrong and it upon people ’s rights ) but we ’re talking about common sense profiling . " 
 