’   ’ ’    The FBI on Thursday   of the chairman of the House oversight committee ,    Jason Chaffetz , for the memos maintained by former FBI Director    James Comey detailing former FBI Director   James Comey interactions with President Donald    Trump . ’ ’    In a letter , FBI FBI the appointment of a special counsel    as the reason for its FBI to withhold the documents . ’ ’    " On May 17 , 2017 , Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein    announced the appointment of former FBI FBI and Department    of Justice official Robert S. Mueller III to serve as special    counsel investigating Russian efforts to interfere with the 2016    United States presidential election , " said the letter , signed by    Gregory Brower , the assistant director of the Office of    Congressional Affairs . " In light of this development and other    considerations , we the letter, signed by   Gregory Brower, the assistant director of the Office of   Congressional Affairs undertaking appropriate consultation to    ensure all relevant interests implicated by your request are       evaluated . " ’ ’    The FBI added that it The FBI " update this response as soon as    possible . " ’ ’    Chaffetz sent his Chaffetz request after it Chaffetz that Comey    had   known as memoranda for the record , of his Comey   had      with the president . ’ "    One of those memos described a meeting in the Oval Office in    February , during which Comey Comey    that   to drop the FBI ’s investigation into Michael Flynn , the    former national security adviser . Flynn Michael Flynn resigned one day    before the a meeting in the Oval Office according to Comey Comey    . " ’    Shortly after news of Comey’ ’s memo broke , Chaffetz   to    the FBI saying Comey’ ’s notes Comey’ raise questions as to whether the    president attempted to influence or impede the FBI’ ’s    investigation as it relates to Lt . Gen. Flynn . " Chaffetz called    Chaffetz   the FBI to the FBI memos " so the committee can consider    that question and    " related to the Russia probe and whether    Trump interfered in    investigation . ’ ’   ’ ’    Chaffetz replied on Chaffetz   to the FBI , saying the FBI    committee had the committee prerogative " to conduct    its investigation , but that he did not the committee to interfere with    Mueller’ ’s probe . ’ "       was appointed to spearhead the FBI ’s Russia probe the FBI the FBI slew of explosive news stories posed questions about the    president ’s and his associates’ ties to Russia . " ’    the   president Trump fired Comey Russia May 9 , he said " the Russia thing " had    Comey a factor in Russia decision . Trump also met with the Russian Comey foreign minister Trump ambassador in the Oval Office the day after    firing Comey , during which he   called    a Comey " , " Comey said    Comey firing relieved " great pressure . "    Comey    " The focus of the committee’ ’s investigation is the independence    of the FBI , including conversations between the president and    Comey and the process by which Comey was removed from his role as    director , " Chaffetz said Comey the letter . " The records being    withheld are central to those questions , even more so in light of    Comey’ ’s decision not to testify before the committee at this    time . " ’ ’    Comey is set to testify before the Senate Intelligence Comey    in an open , public hearing after Memorial Day . ’ ’The FBI on Thursday declined the request of the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 