Philadelphia ( CNN ) Democrats who came to Philadelphia this week fretting about party division say there is only one way to ensure Hillary Clinton wins in November : defining Democrats who came to Philadelphia this week fretting about party division as the party of national unity .   Confronted by a Republican nominee they view as a demagogue , Democrats say with a growing sense of urgency that it is imperative for Democrats party to embrace racial diversity , inclusion and bipartisanship as the key to defeating Donald Trump .   CNN interviewed more than a dozen Clinton supporters at the Democratic National Convention who hope to see the former secretary of state inherit the presidency from Barack Obama , asking what more than a dozen Clinton supporters at the Democratic National Convention who hope to see the former secretary of state inherit the presidency from Barack Obama perceived to be the core messages of Clinton and Trump . Many described a feeling of alarm and and even fear at the extreme differences between the two presidential nominees .   After a tumultuous few days in Philadelphia rocked by outbursts from Bernie Sanders supporters , many Democrats leave the convention confident that Clinton has found a positive theme of tolerance and championing minorities and the disenfranchised to counter Trump ’s darker rhetoric .   " Hillary Clinton ’s message is that we are much better together . And that is true     we do n’t need to make America great . we are great already , " said William Frick , a Clinton delegate from South Carolina . " But we can be better when we work together . " Frick , a     attorney , described Trump message as : " Make America America again . " " He Trump to talk about a great time that existed in ’Leave It to Beaver’ and not in reality , " he Trump .   Clinton , making history Thursday night by becoming the country ’s first woman to accept a major party ’s nomination for president , delivered a speech that was in part inspired by a book Clinton wrote two decades ago : " It Takes a Village . " " None of us can raise a family , build a business , heal a community or lift a country totally alone . America needs every one of us us lend our us , our us , our us to making our America and stronger , " she said . " I believe that with all my heart . " It ’s a message that appeared to resonate in the convention hall . Anita Green , a     Bernie Sanders delegate from Montana , was a part of the " Bernie or Bust " movement until Tuesday night , when Clinton was officially nominated . As Montana ’s Montana transgender national delegate , Green said Clinton ’s Clinton on same sex marriage is n’t perfect but that it has same sex marriage clear to her that Clinton alternative is a " demagogue " who would do nothing to help the LGBTQ community .   " We need to come together and unite . Unity trumps Trump , " Green said Green " I would like to urge the queer the LGBTQ community behind Hillary Clinton Clinton North Carolina state Rep. Rodney Moore , a Clinton delegate , Clinton the visions of the two nominees could n’t be more diametrically opposed .   " She ’s offering Clinton message of equal economic opportunity , access to health care , education opportunities for all children regardless of their zip code and strength all children our nation and strength in our world , " Moore said of Clinton .   Clinton ’s candidacy , Moore said , Clinton centered on hate , confusion and xenophobia , " That ’s a message of narcissism and I can solve all of America ’s problems , and I do n’t need any help to do it . " The start of the Democratic convention was overshadowed by tensions within the party . Sanders supporters protested what they believed was a rigged Sanders supporters , frequently disrupting proceedings inside the Wells Fargo Center and staging a walkout after Clinton ’s formal nomination Tuesday .   Democratic National Committee emails released over the weekend that showed committee officials favoring Clinton also led to the Clinton resignation of Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz .   But coming on the heels of the GOP convention last week in Cleveland , Democrats here also expounded on the theme of national unity and inclusion to draw sharp contrasts between the world views of Clinton and Trump .   Clinton speeches and programming represented communities of a wide range of religions , races and backgrounds , while at the same time , highlighting some of Trump ’s most inflammatory statements Trump proposals , including his signature idea of building Trump wall on the    border and banning Muslims from entering the country .   In a direct attack against her GOP opponent , Clinton Clinton , " And most of all , do n’t believe anyone who says : ’I alone can fix it.’ Those were actually Donald Trump ’s words in Cleveland . And they should set off alarm Those for all of us . "   Democratic strategist Paul Begala said the banner of " Stronger Together " has been an especially resonant message this election .   " At a time when the country seems to be coming apart , voters will respond to a call to come together , " Begala said . Stephen Woodruff Democratic strategist Paul Begala a Sanders delegate from Northern Mariana Islands now supporting Clinton , said the message that has resonated most deeply with him this convention is " Clinton trumps hate . "   " This is the message of the Democratic Party , that we all should be one , we work together , we we all each other , we all do n’t divide against we all other , we do n’t fight against we all just because of the color of their skin or their religion people their sexual people , " people told CNN . " Basically , her message to the country is the exact opposite to Donald Trump ’s message to the country . " Clinton the country was met with thunderous applause inside the arena and marked a particularly poignant moment for many of the women in the room .   " it ’s very emotional , it Clinton’s speech is , that I Clinton’s speech able to see this in my lifetime , " said Sally Howard ,     South Carolina delegate . " I have a daughter and two granddaughters : for them to know that being president Sally Howard,    South Carolina delegate not something only men do . "   Two rows behind Howard , South Carolina state Rep. Mandy Powers South Carolina shed tears as Clinton spoke . Powers Norrell said she was thinking about South Carolina state Rep. Mandy Powers Norrell daughter . South Carolina state Rep. Mandy Powers Norrell It just means South Carolina state Rep. Mandy Powers Norrell much to know that she has opportunities that are limitless , " her    daughter said . " It ’s just sort her    daughter overwhelming , " she added . " It ’s so exciting her    daughter to know that It was here when history was made . I think I ’ll end up going home and watching it again and processing it again at a It pace . " It 