’   ’ ’      On Monday , Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren .    ’ ’      Their message was clear : Donald Trump is a "   bully      who is driven by greed and hate , " as Elizabeth Warren put it , and the      Democratic Party can deliver the policies and investments to      improve life for ordinary Americans .    ’ ’    But more interesting than their rhetoric was the event ’s tone and    tenor . ’ ’    Elizabeth Warren was a compelling surrogate , giving Clinton the kind of    strong and affirmative endorsement she needs Clinton win over    skeptical voters . ’ ’    And Clinton , Clinton turn , was energized , touting her policies Clinton    platform —   and indicting Trump for his attitudes Trump behavior . It    was a grand display of party unity : Warren and Clinton , the left    and       united against a common foe and cheered on    by    of excited Democrats , all ready for the general    election . ’ ’ ’ ’    was Bernie Sanders ? ’ ’    Two weeks ago , after the Democratic primary ’s official end , the    Vermont senator gave a   that had    all the trappings of a concession but lacked the part where he    actually conceded the   Vermont senator In it , he celebrated the size the   Vermont senator scope , and    success of his    bid , the   Vermont senator a little about cooperation    with Clinton , and went on to affirm his efforts to reform the   Vermont senator    Democratic Party . ’ ’    " I also look forward to working with Secretary Clinton to    Clinton Democratic    so that the   Democratic Party party of    working people and    people , and not just wealthy campaign    contributors , " Sanders said . " [ A ] party that has the courage to    take on Wall Street , the pharmaceutical industry , the      industry , and the other powerful special interests that dominate    our political and economic life . " ’ ’    Sanders was n’t going to be the Sanders nominee , but he still    held a good amount Sanders leverage    the form of his voters . After a    tough Sanders , they were hesitant to back Clinton , a fact    apparent in the polls . Clinton stood ahead of Donald Trump , Clinton    not by much : Her lead    weakened by the party Clinton unbridged    divisions . By holding off on a concession and an endorsement , the    Vermont senator was keeping this leverage in reserve ahead of the    Democratic National Convention . It made sense . ’ ’   ’ ’   without   ’ ’    Which is what happened . In his nonconcession speech , Sanders told    the   Vermont senator their " major the   Vermont senator task " was supporters " make certain that    Donald Trump is defeated and defeated badly . " It turns out that    was the message that landed .    ’    In   from    ABC News and the Washington Post , Clinton leads    Trump 51 percent to 39 percent    expanding her previous lead by 5    points Clinton as Trump has seen a complete collapse in   Donald Trump support . And    what ’s   Donald Trump the move toward Clinton ? Democrats and    independents who Clinton Bernie Sanders . ’ ’    In May , 20 percent of Sanders supporters said they would back    Bernie Sanders over Clinton 20 percent of Sanders supporters the general election . In Clinton , that number    is down to 8 percent . Overall , 81 percent of Sanders backers have    rallied to Clinton Bernie Sanders surpassing the    percent of Clinton    supporters in 2008 who fell Clinton Barack Obama . By any    measure , the Democratic Party is unified . ’ ’    Overall , 81 percent of Sanders backers have rallied to Clinton ,    Bernie Sanders the 74 percent of Clinton supporters    2008 who fell    in Clinton Barack Obama . ’ ’    Sanders’ endorsement Barack Obama irrelevant , but it now carries less    weight , and the ’ ’   Sanders’ endorsement he held    the end of the primary just    is n’t there anymore . . ’ ’    The good news for Team Sanders is that its advocates —   like    Minnesota Rep. Keith The good news for Team Sanders —   have put Social Security expansion    and the $    minimum wage into the party document , as well    as a call for an " updated and modernized version of    " the    law that prohibited    commercial banks from engaging in investment banking activities . ’ ’    At the same time , these are areas of wide Democratic agreement .    Most Democrats support Social Security expansion and a    substantially higher minimum wage , up to and including    $   . These are n’t concessions . On those    points that are more contentious , Team Sanders has lost out . ’ ’    The platform committee has rejected Sanders’ language on the    Israeli —   Palestinian conflict , his stance against the      Partnership , his call Team Sanders a carbon tax , and his Team Sanders total opposition to fracking . ’ ’ Team Sanders ’    Maybe this was inevitable . Maybe Sanders was never going to have    the full stamp he clamored for simply on account of having lost Sanders    But this underplays the initial strength of his    . Had Sanders    endorsed Clinton at Sanders end of the Sanders recalibrated as    an advocate for her campaign —   in short    had he mimicked Clinton —   he    would have gotten Sanders of his voters . Sanders ’    This is important . Sanders an early concession and endorsement ,    Sanders does two things : He    any natural movement to    Clinton among Democratic   Sanders voters , which lets him claim    credit for her improved numbers even if   Sanders were inevitable .       Warren , he would her improved numbers a starring role in the campaign    Warren Trump . And as we saw in 2008 between Obama and Clinton , a    partnership can open the doors to lasting influence . ’ ’      As it stands , the Vermont senator has almost vanished from the      news cycle , overshadowed by Clinton ’s growing lead , overall      Democratic unity , Clinton , and the    emissions      of Donald Trump .    ’ ’      He ’ll still matter to the shape and direction of the the Vermont senator      National Convention , but he could have had a larger , more      visible role the Vermont senator Bernie Sanders had his shot , and he threw it      away .    Bernie Sanders 
 Bernie Sanders his shot 