  ( CNN ) Indiana Gov. Mike Pence offered Indiana Gov. Mike Pence support Thursday to Republican Sens . John McCain and Kelly Ayotte , days after John McCain running mate , Donald Trump , refused to endorse the embattled Republican senators . Hours earlier Thursday , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence set off alarms inside the Republican establishment when John McCain declined to back the embattled Republican senators from Arizona and New Hampshire . " I look forward to supporting Republican candidates in the days and weeks ahead all over the country , and so does Donald Trump , " Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said on his Donald Trump plane when asked directly by reporters if he Donald Trump endorse McCain and Ayotte .   Indiana Gov. Mike Pence senior adviser Marc Short , however , later told CNN the Indiana governor merely gave a " " and did n’t intend to suggest he the Indiana governor n’t endorsing them he would endorse McCain and Ayotte Indiana Gov. Mike Pence later reiterated his the Indiana governor , telling WTKR in a transcript provided by his the Indiana governor that " of course I support John McCain and Kelly Ayotte and all of our Republican incumbents . " On Tuesday , Trump sent shockwaves through the Republican Party when he Trump to endorse McCain John McCain Ayotte , as well as House Speaker Paul Ryan . Trump Trump feuded with McCain John McCain the Arizona senator ’s handling of veterans issues and Ayotte has claimed she Ayotte not endorsing Trump Trump though she Ayotte him Trump The next day , Pence said he Trump strongly " endorsed Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan The Trump he had discussed Trump support of Trump with Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan in Trump day and The next day running mate Trump him to endorse Trump House speaker . Both McCain and Ayotte are facing    primary challengers , with Ayotte facing a tough Ayotte against sitting Democrat Gov. Maggie Hassan .   McCain ’s primary opponent McCain Kelli Ward , put out a statement after Pence ’s initial answer , slamming her rival for criticizing Trump Ayotte his supporters .   " Trump Trump and Mike Pence recognize that we can not win Arizona ’s US Senate seat in November with McCain , the ultimate establishment insider and champion of compromise , as our nominee , " Ward we in the statement . " Only someone with    experience outside politics can bring the bold , fresh , fearless new leadership it will take to win . We need a conservative champion for Arizona ’s future who will heal the ( Department of Veterans Affairs ) and mix the mortar to fix the border . " John Weaver , a top adviser to former presidential candidate John Kasich , also weighed in over Twitter , reflecting on his time with McCain during John Weaver, a top adviser to former presidential candidate John Kasich presidential campaign in 2000 John Weaver, a top adviser to former presidential candidate John Kasich   " I remember traveling with John McCain to Indiana to McCain , several times , for a desperate Mike Pence . Shame on him . # Karma " McCain McCain Pence served in Congress at the same time , and Pence recently met with McCain while a desperate Mike Pence in Arizona , McCain he praised the senator ’s leadership McCain As for Ryan , Pence described him to reporters Thursday a desperate Mike Pence " Ryan very close personal friend " and said he " felt very strongly about Ryan his   . " Trump talked Ryan the disagreement with Pence over Ryan at a campaign a desperate Mike Pence in Ryan , Maine , on Thursday , saying that Pence told Thursday he would n’t a desperate Mike Pence the Trump Trump it would cause " any complications a desperate Mike Pence problems . " " He said , ’But , I Trump him , he ’s a friend Trump mine Trump Would you mind if I endorsed him ? And I will not Trump it if you say no.’ I say , ’Mike , you like him , yes . Go ahead Trump do it .    percent,’ " Trump ’Mike .   A source familiar with the    relationship told CNN ’s Maeve    Wednesday that it ’s not unusual for the Maeve Reston mates to take opposite or differing positions by design . In fact , Trump has given Pence wide latitude percent,’" Trump speak his mind and has personally encouraged percent,’" Trump to stay true to his percent,’" Trump ideas , believing Pence percent,’" Trump loyal to the campaign Pence When asked about differences between himself and Trump , Pence told percent,’" Trump Thursday percent,’" Trump although Pence may have different styles , himself and Trump have " the exact same himself and Trump , the exact same vision . "    " I ’ve seen my role as simply amplifying the points that Donald Trump is making , " Pence said , adding that the Pence talk almost every day .   Pence also said there ’s time Pence Trump and Ryan to grow closer Donald Trump the upcoming months . " These are two men who I believe are going to play an enormously important role in restoring the strength of this country at home and abroad , " Pence said . " I think Pence ’re going to continue to see that relationship grow . " 
 