’   ’ "    Paul Krugman , the    economist and New York Times    columnist , took to Twitter on Friday to address the state of the    US labor market and    Donald Trump ’s promises to    bring back manufacturing jobs . " "    To Krugman , the decline in manufacturing employment in the US    is n’t because of outsourcing , but rather a    feature of    the industry . " ’    " The story of US manufacturing is basically one of high    productivity growth allowing demand to be met with ever fewer    workers , " . ’ "    Krugman is essentially arguing that the manufacturing sector    has n’t added jobs to the labor market in years past . Instead ,    improved equipment and automation has allowed US manufacturers to    increase output . Thus even if manufacturing came back to the US ,    most of the plants would be automated anyway , producing a lower    number of jobs than one might hope for . " ’    The tweetstorm probably has something to do with Trump repeatedly    promising throughout Trump campaign to bring manufacturing jobs    back to the US . Even on Thursday , Trump Trump that he Trump     the air conditioner maker , to keep its he was    the air conditioner maker plant in Indiana . ’ ’    As a counter to that , Krugman appears to be arguing that fighting    to keep these jobs rather than pivoting toward the service sector    is backward thinking . ’ ’    " Nothing policy can do will bring back those these jobs The    service sector is the future of work ; but nobody wants to hear    it , "    ’ "    To Krugman Krugman point , manufacturing employment   before a significant number of the free trade    agreements Trump blames for the decline . " ’    Krugman Krugman been active on Twitter following the election ,     of   and   and . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe story of U. S. manufacturing is basically one of high productivity growth allowing demand to be met with ever fewer workers   ’t’t’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tHere ’s what it looks like     " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tNothing policy can do will bring back those lost jobs . The service sector is the future of work ; but nobody wants to hear it   ’t’t’ The service sector 