BEDMINSTER , N. J.   —      Donald J. Trump on Saturday moved to mend fences with political rivals after a divisive campaign , meeting with Mitt Romney , who had scathingly criticized him during the race as " a phony " and " a fraud , " to discuss naming him as secretary of state . The outreach signaled a change in tone one day after     Donald J. Trump moved to elevate    to pivotal national security positions . It was not clear whether Mr.     Donald J. Trump offered the State Department post to Mr. Romney , or whether Mr. Romney , who has broken sharply with him on Mr. Romney , free trade and other issues , would accept if he did Mr. Romney But some strategists argued that merely by reaching out to Mr. Romney Mr. Romney Trump was demonstrating an openness to new people and ideas , even from the unlikeliest of sources . It may also have been intended to inject the sort of unpredictability and spectacle into the transition process that the    thrives on . During a weekend of transition talks at Trump National Golf Club here in Bedminster , Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump hold a series of discussions with what his aides described as Mr. Trump diverse array of potential advisers . The conversations were aimed at showing that the    was willing to look beyond his loyal inner circle Mr. Trump fill his administration . Among Mr. Trump others who sat down with Mr. Trump were Michelle Mr. Trump , a Democrat who served as the chancellor of public schools in the District of Columbia from 2007 to 2010 Robert L. Woodson , an    conservative who works on      programs James N. Mattis , a retired Marine Corps general who headed the United States Central Command and is being considered for the post of defense secretary and Todd Ricketts , an owner of the Chicago Cubs . Mr. Trump met with Mr. Romney for about an hour and a half . Afterward , both men exited the clubhouse and shook hands for the cameras . " Went great , " Mr. Trump said , cupping Mr. Trump at his mouth to hands voice Mr. Trump Mr. Romney then Mr. Trump addressed reporters Mr. Romney to say whether he was interested in a cabinet position Mr. Romney " We had a    conversation with regard to the various theaters of the world with interest to the United States of real significance , " Mr. Romney said . " We discussed Mr. Romney and exchanged our views on We topics . A very thorough We    discussion over the time we had . I appreciate the chance to speak We the    and look forward to the coming administration . " Mr. Romney did not answer reporters’ questions about Mr. Romney had apologized to Mr. Trump for his criticism Mr. Romney him during the campaign . Later in Mr. Trump day , Mr. Trump Trump strongly praised General Mattis after talking with him Mr. Trump an hour . " All I can say Mr. Trump he is the real deal   —    the real deal Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump said . Asked whether General Mattis , who was Mr. Trump presence on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan , would join the administration , Mr. Trump said : " We ’ll see . We ’ll see Mr. Trump He added : " General Mattis, who was an assertive presence on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan, would join the administration ’s just a General Mattis, who was an assertive presence on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan, would join the administration , wonderful man . Mr. Trump a career   Mr. Trump    we are going to see what happens , but he is the real General Mattis, who was an assertive presence on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan, would join the administration . " Mr. Trump said on Saturday that Mr. Trump would be some personnel announcements on Mr. Trump The    is scheduled to meet with a similarly    group , including Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , whom he removed as the chairman of his transition team days after the election Rudolph Mr. Trump Giuliani , who has also Mr. Trump a contender for the secretary of state post and Kris Kobach , the Kansas secretary of state , who has pressed aggressive measures to crack down on undocumented immigrants . The meeting schedule , Jason Miller , a spokesman for Mr. Trump ’s transition team , said on Saturday , " really shows the reach and the depth to which we are going to pull in diverse ideas and different perspectives as we form this administration . " " As we ’re working to bring the we together and move forward , " Mr. Miller added in a conference call with reporters , " this shows really where his head is as the next leader of our country . " On Friday Mr. Miller Mr. Trump moved to install Michael T. Flynn , a retired lieutenant general bent Mr. Miller Islamic extremism , as his national security adviser , and he selected Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , an Mr. Miller    as his attorney general Mr. Miller Both were early supporters of Mr. Trump ’s campaign . Mr. Mr. Miller fits a decidedly Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, an immigration   as his attorney general mold . Earlier this Mr. Miller said that if Mr. Mr. Miller the Republican nominee , " the prospects for a safe and Mr. Miller future are greatly Mr. Miller " and he suggested that Mr. Trump was dangerous and unstable . He deplored Mr. Trump ’s personal qualities : " Mr. Miller bullying , Mr. Miller , the showing off , the Mr. Miller , the absurd    theatrics . " But if he took a cabinet post , Mr. Romney could serve as a moderating influence on the    Mr. Trump has Mr. Miller selected , including Representative Mike Mr. Miller Kansas as C. I. A. director and Stephen K. Bannon Mr. Miller strategist . It could also force Mr. Romney to defend administration policies he did not believe in . John Feehery , a Republican strategist , said Mr. Trump Mr. Miller " great magnanimity " by Mr. Miller to Mr. Romney , the party ’s 2012 nominee and a former governor Mr. Miller . " I think it is meant to Mr. Feehery that Mr. Miller going to reach out to them , and that ’s an important part of Mr. Miller the party . " Choosing Ms. Rhee as education Mr. Miller " would show real disruption , " Mr. Feehery some of the establishment . But she is " also Mr. Miller has a real track record of delivering the kind of results he ’s looking for , and who the establishment hates . " Ms. Ms. Rhee governed with a brash style as chancellor of Washington ’s public school system Mr. Miller which was struggling at the time to improve underperforming the establishment reverse    test scores Ms. Rhee enraged teachers’ unions by firing teachers who had received poor evaluations , renegotiating teacher contracts to weaken seniority protections and tie their pay to student achievement , and endorsing vouchers to Ms. Rhee poor students to attend private schools . Contrary to Mr. Trump , who has said he will scrap the set of seniority protections standards known as Common Core , Ms. Rhee , who founded the education advocacy group StudentsFirst , supports the Mr. Trump other trip was to Washington , where he met with President Obama and congressional Republicans . The country club is about an hour ’s drive from Manhattan and on a rural stretch . Since buying the property in 2002 , Mr. Trump has built two    golf courses on it Mr. Trump the evening , Mr. Trump left the clubhouse The trip to attend meetings on another Mr. Trump of the property . About an hour later , Mr. Trump returned to the clubhouse to have dinner with Patrick Manhattan a billionaire pharmaceutical entrepreneur best known for developing the cancer drug Abraxane . 
 the property Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the clubhouse 