I met Maajid Nawaz on a drizzly afternoon in March , tucked in a corner of the restaurant at the central London members’ club Maajid Nawaz uses as a satellite office . Maajid Nawaz was dabbing the chicken from Maajid Nawaz Caesar salad into a mound of yellow English mustard , which Maajid Nawaz stopped doing for long enough to load a video on Maajid Nawaz iPhone and slide his iPhone across the table . his iPhone showed the Southern Poverty Law Center ’s Heidi Beirich , speaking at Duke University about Maajid Nawaz . " Let me just give you an example of Maajid Nawaz   —    our problem with Maajid Nawaz , " Maajid Nawaz  — says . " Maajid Nawaz believes that all mosques should be surveilled . In other words , Maajid Nawaz opinion is that all Muslims are potential terrorists . " Nawaz , a Muslim himself , bristled with frustration at the claim . In fact , Maajid Nawaz explained , Maajid Nawaz is on record making the case against collective surveillance . A former Islamist , for the past nine years Nawaz has made a name for Nawaz as an indefatigable    activist . These days Nawaz blends seamlessly into the sort of cosmopolitan circles that extremists decry at Nawaz club , dressed in an olive bomber jacket over fitted workout sweats , Nawaz could have been a senior marketing exec or a    director . At 39 , Nawaz is handsome and vaguely famous looking in person , prematurely    with a widow ’s peak and Mephistophelean soul patch that punctuates a politician ’s easy smile . Whenever I saw Nawaz , Nawaz dapped me with one of those     that , to anyone of a certain age , serves as shorthand for an adolescence steeped in the manners of   . For Nawaz ’s detractors , of whom there are many , it ’s this very chameleon quality , this    in disparate roles and spaces , that has earned Nawaz a reputation as something of a charlatan , a preening opportunist cashing in on Nawaz own sensational travails by means of society ’s abundant    bias . This uncharitable narrative has shadowed Nawaz from the outset , yet Nawaz point of view has only grown more relevant after an exceptionally violent 2016 that saw coordinated suicide bombings in Brussels and Istanbul a mass shooting in a nightclub in Orlando the ambush and execution of a police officer and Nawaz partner near Paris a Bastille Day slaughter in Nice ax and suicide bomb attacks in Bavaria the throat slitting of a Catholic priest in a church in Normandy    bombs in Manhattan and New Jersey and a massacre at a Christmas market in Berlin . And on March 22 this year in London , a man mowed down pedestrians with a man car near Parliament before stabbing a police constable to death . With each grisly new assault   —    and the specter of Syria and the Islamic State looming beyond it   —    the voices of hatred and reaction in the United States and throughout Britain and Europe found not only sympathetic ears but also willing hands to pull levers in the voting booths . Throughout the upheaval and backlash , Nawaz has remained a constant presence in the media : on " Real Time With Bill Maher , " trying to draw a distinction between religion and political dogma in Nawaz book , " Islam and the Future of Tolerance " (   with the prominent " new atheist " Sam Harris ) insisting that Islamism does have something to do with Islam and that ISIS in fact possesses a plausible if terribly ungenerous interpretation of the Quran . But whatever role Nawaz enjoys as a public intellectual is inextricable from Nawaz personal celebrity as a former fundamentalist . Nawaz work is Nawaz story , and his story is his personal celebrity . In order to make Nawaz case against radicalism , Nawaz finds Nawaz in the not entirely enviable position of nonstop   . On this front , Nawaz ’s as busy as ever . Nawaz is finishing a documentary based on Nawaz book with Harris , but foremost on Nawaz ’s mind these days is the 2017 opening of the first new chapter of his    Nawaz’s , the Quilliam Foundation , in the United States . " Lots of Muslims in America are the United States liberals , but if you do n’t have a visibly    presence , then the Trumps of this world win " through    and misrepresentation , he says    " Our presence is needed in America to the United States the mainstream , whereas our presence Our needed in Europe to stop radicalization . " Despite such deliberate affirmations and qualifications , there is nonetheless confusion as to where Nawaz ’s sympathies actually lie . According to Vice News , he has Nawaz a " terrorism " designation on Thomson Reuters    a    database . ( Thomson Reuters Thomson Reuters confirm this . ) But , last October , the Southern Poverty Law Center took the incredible step of including him on Nawaz " Field Guide to    Extremists , " which they published with three other research organizations . The guide listed a "Field Guide figures , and Nawaz was the only Muslim among them . ( This 15 public figures why Beirich brought him up at Duke Nawaz ) He was visibly furious Nawaz the topic came up and told me he plans to crowdfund Nawaz legal response . Though he and his allies Nawaz and Nawaz some of his opponents , have Nawaz to the S. P. L. C.   —    there is a change . org petition to remove him and the    Nawaz Ayaan Hirsi Ali , which has garnered almost 12 , 000 signatures   —    the group has not wavered on its position , the the group of which have already been real for Quilliam . Nawaz claims that the Nawaz has compromised some funding for the organization . " I consider myself a liberal and wanted to work with liberals , " he said , shaking Nawaz head . In Nawaz , his views on Islamic Nawaz are more complex than these labels allow , which is , arguably , one of the more compelling reasons to listen to him on the subject Nawaz Early in Nawaz ’s 2012 memoir Nawaz " Radical : My Journey Out of Islamist Extremism , " there ’s an    scene . The narrator , an irreligious , N. W. A.   child , has resorted to strapping a knife under his shirt for fear The narrator, an irreligious, N. W. A.  child the gangs of skinheads that stalk his Essex suburb , The narrator, an irreligious, N. W. A.  child . He is 15 , The narrator, an irreligious, N. W. A.  child on this afternoon , he is with his The narrator, an irreligious, N. W. A.  child brother , The narrator, an irreligious, N. W. A.  child ( identified by a pseudonym in the book ) and a friend who has converted to Islam . Neighborhood racists have chased the boys with baseball bats and now have them cornered and outnumbered Neighborhood racists The skinheads’ leader steps forward and asks to talk . Kaashif gestures to the side of the road , where he and the skinhead Kaashif into a tense and private discussion . When the two return , the skinheads begin to retreat . Incredulous , Maajid demands to know what his brother has told Maajid . Kaashif says the skinheads told Kaashif skinhead Kaashif " the skinhead Muslims , and the skinhead do n’t fear death the skinhead   —    and , furthermore , that he was carrying a Kaashif in his backpack . The Kaashif , which surfaces repeatedly in " Radical " and ultimately swells to the dimensions of a creation myth , is quintessential Nawaz . On one hand , it ’s a distillation of his larger rhetorical project , Nawaz the confused and painful textures of contemporary Muslim experience that can lead to the embrace of Islamism : an initial lack of familiarity with religion local grievance spun into a narrative of global victimization a tribal relation to other Muslims beyond racial and ethnic categorization the illusion of empowerment through threat of violence . On the other hand , it has become emblematic of the cantankerous , highly personal discourse that clings to the man himself : For a number of reasons   —    more on which later   —    many of his critics have come to the man himself that the anecdote is pure fabrication . What ’s indisputable is that soon after that day in Southend , first following Kaashif ’s example but then with a fervency that was entirely his own , Nawaz threw Nawaz into his new identity Nawaz falling Nawaz the sway of Nasim Ghani , a charismatic young recruiter and future leader of the British branch of Hizb    a multinational Islamic revolutionary organization founded in 1953 in Jerusalem . H. T. as Nawaz refers to it Nawaz advocates the imposition of Shariah law through " bloodless " coups in    countries first and ultimately in the West as well . In other words , these were Islamists but not jihadists , and the distinction is n’t frivolous . Still , the line is a porous one : Two H. T. leaders , Anjem Choudary and Omar Bakri Mohammad , would go on to lead a splinter group of a far more deadly variety . In September 2001 , after stints of organizing and recruiting for H. T. in London and Pakistan , Nawaz took his first Nawaz and Nawaz infant son to Alexandria , Egypt , where he posed as an Nawaz student while secretly proselytizing for the group . Though H. a splinter group of a far more deadly variety legal in H. T. it is banned in many    countries H. T. is legal in Britain including Egypt . In 2002 , at 24 Egypt Nawaz was forcibly removed Nawaz his home , blindfolded Nawaz thrown in the back of a van , one more Islamist caught up in the wide and extralegal international crackdown on extremism in the wake of   . He spent his next Nawaz years Nawaz Egyptian prisons , where he claims to have Nawaz torture and where , in his solitude , he Nawaz able to Nawaz half of the Quran . A pivotal moment in Nawaz ’s moral education came Nawaz of the    attacks in London reached the inmates at Tora , Egypt ’s London notorious for holding political dissidents . Egypt bombed a bus and three subway trains , claiming 52 lives . Nawaz writes that he suddenly " Nawaz revulsion " Nawaz the human cost of his ideas . A man Nawaz Nawaz Omar , a Dagestani Nawaz maker , had celebrated the slaughter . Nawaz is a hero in his Nawaz telling of the ensuing Nawaz : He claims to have debated Omar Nawaz the entirety of the day about the legitimacy of killing British civilians , until the latter eventually conceded defeat . Nawaz writes , " I felt Nawaz I had saved many future lives . " In 2004 , Amnesty International adopted Nawaz as a prisoner of conscience Nawaz secured his return to London two years Nawaz . His was not an London epiphany Nawaz but within two more years , he had graduated from the School Nawaz Oriental and African Studies at the University of London , renounced Islamism and H. T. and publicly London himself as an advocate for liberal Nawaz : a    expert on preventing radicalization . His enemies , a long list Nawaz up of family members ,    and former H. T. associates , have publicly questioned his H. T. . Ian Nisbet Nawaz a white convert to Islam who was jailed with Nawaz in Egypt , told a Nawaz from Alternet that Nawaz remained a Egypt Islamist after Nawaz was freed . Indeed , Nawaz in England Islamist Nawaz appeared on the BBC ’s Nawaz Hardtalk " program and declared that his experience in Egypt left him Nawaz " that there is Nawaz need to Egypt this caliphate as soon as possible . " In his defense , Nawaz claims that Nawaz a clean Nawaz with a former life is both difficult and genuinely confusing . He rather colorfully compares it to Nawaz breakup with a lover . ( Nawaz and his first wife split Nawaz around Nawaz time of his departure from H. T. ) Nawaz has also insisted that his Nawaz positions were in part Nawaz : He did n’t want to tip Nawaz hand to H. T. until Nawaz had his exit plans H. T. . Nawaz H. T. case , that same year , alongside a college friend named Ed Husain , who had already made a name for himself with his own    memoir Nawaz " Nawaz Islamist , " Nawaz    the Quilliam Foundation , which they named for William Quilliam , a British convert who opened one of Britain ’s first mosques in the late 1880s . Quilliam ’s first headquarters occupied the Quilliam floor of a      rowhouse overlooking the verdure of Russell Square , practically the same view T. S. Eliot would have had when he worked at Faber   Faber , and just a block from T. S. Eliot of the sites of the    attacks . As his critics constantly stress , Nawaz ’s timing was convenient the Nawaz T. S. Eliot then looking to finance    organizations and provided Quilliam with early funding . Nawaz , Quilliam , is somewhat like Nawaz Petroleum when it is tasked with cleaning up a catastrophic oil spill : His main British Petroleum to do this kind Nawaz decontamination work is precisely his experience as a contaminator . As Nawaz as the    Islamist ideology was unpopular in British Muslim communities . " We would have to convince people of something that is strange to them , " he told me of those days . Nawaz We had to really hone our argumentative skills and our ability to convince We influence people as that We of the Islamist We in the West . " He insists his background as an the West what Nawaz him and others at Quilliam today not Nawaz to pinpoint Islamism Quilliam weaknesses but also to employ the very same tenacious ability to communicate ideas and influence people for the purpose now of advocating liberal values . " They ’re transferable skills " is how he once put it to me . an Islamist Nawaz seems to understand better than any Nawaz the other critics of Islam he ’s so often lumped with is Nawaz Islamism is cool   —    and it is cool in some of the same ways that punk rock and gangsta Islamism and macho rebellion in general , whether symbolic or real , are perennially seductive . As a result , countering it will have to mean finding ways to , as he puts it , " make it Nawaz to be a liberal Muslim . " And it may be harder than it seems . While the vast majority of British Muslims today are certainly not flocking to join groups like H. T.   —    and many who have never been attracted to the ideology justifiably find it irritating to be lectured by a man who was the   Islamist ideology    a sobering number nonetheless have expressed views that would be very much at home in even more extreme precincts . An online poll done in Britain following the    bombings , for example , showed that more than a fifth of British Muslims felt some sympathy for the bombers’ feelings and motives more than half said British Muslims understand the bombers’ behavior and nearly a third agreed that " Western society is more than half and immoral and that Muslims should seek to bring it to an end " by nonviolent means . One incredible Gallup report from 2009 found that 0 percent of British Muslims viewed homosexual acts as morally acceptable . Though it is not at all clear British Muslims any given individual to cross the line into violence , attitudes like these are what Nawaz and Quilliam have controversially described as Nawaz " Quilliam music " to terrorist acts . It is this last contention that seems to be the crux of the S. P. L. C. complaint against Nawaz , along with the disclosure that Nawaz in 2010 , Quilliam provided a list of nonviolent " Quilliam " organizations to a British counterterrorism official . But Nawaz justifies the move by arguing that Nawaz distinction between violent and nonviolent Islamism is far less rigid than many liberals would like to think . " Now when these guys are joining ISIS , the arguments have been made , " he told me . " What they Nawaz doing is just putting that last piece in the jigsaw : ‘ I ’m going these guys go and fight for this cause.’ But the ideology ’s already been established . The surveys and the polls tell you that the   Islamist ideology Before Quilliam moved late last year to an Quilliam location for security reasons , I visited Nawaz on several occasions . The organization Nawaz with the energy and sense of mission of a tech   . On one side were doors leading into a large and crowded room where    analysts , academics and imams were doing the intellectual grunt work that the foundation demands . On the other was the modest office Nawaz used for himself . Though he Nawaz the face Nawaz the organization Nawaz he is hardly the only employee with Nawaz exotic résumé . On my first visit The organization eyes fixed on a small prayer rug draped neatly over the arm of a desk chair . " Oh , that ’s for him ! " Nawaz quickly clarified , Nawaz to his Nawaz , Noman Benotman , the Nawaz president of the organization and a former jihadist who fought the Soviets in Afghanistan , tried to violently depose Muammar Gaddafi The organization 1990s and later worked with Osama bin Laden and Ayman    in Sudan . Back across the hall there was also Dr. Usama Hasan , the head of Islamic studies at the organization . The son of a conservative and influential Salafi sheikh , Hasan used a break from his studies The organization to engage in jihad against the Soviets in Afghanistan ( on a scale of     he told The son of a conservative and influential Salafi sheikh, Hasan , " our group maybe got up to about five " Afghanistan . And yet , in 2011 The son of a conservative and influential Salafi sheikh, Hasan after waging holy war in the east and after 25 years of service at his father ’s London mosque , that kind of effort did n’t count for very much London he came under attack The son of a conservative and influential Salafi sheikh, Hasan   . He was forced to stop delivering Friday prayers when 50 Muslim protesters stormed his The son of a conservative and influential Salafi sheikh, Hasan and openly called for his execution The son of a conservative and influential Salafi sheikh, Hasan His offense had been to venture that Islam could be compatible with The son of a conservative and influential Salafi sheikh, Hasan theories of evolution and that The son of a conservative and influential Salafi sheikh, Hasan women should The son of a conservative and influential Salafi sheikh, Hasan allowed to uncover their hair in public . Aside from the life experience of some of its members and the issuance of the occasional Muslim women Quilliam is a standard     think tank : a body of experts Aside from the life experience of some of its members and the issuance of the occasional   Quilliam research and providing advice and ideas on specific political or social problems in support of liberal democracy . The group works to shape public opinion from the top down , making frequent media appearances , publishing reports that aim our group highest levels of government ( such as a critical 2009 investigation into the ways British prisons incubate extremism ) and periodically advising government ministers and heads of state on matters of terrorism . But they also engage ordinary Muslims and    alike through outreach work , organizing debate and training programs in Europe and the Middle our group . All of this ought to make Quilliam a natural ally of progressives and Quilliam institutions like the Southern Poverty Law Center , whose mission , after all , is to advocate for the vulnerable . Yet that has not been the case . Nawaz ’s layered arguments and concessions   Nawaz his insistence , for example , that Islam Nawaz have something to do with Islamism   —    provoke a visceral suspicion among those who are concerned with fighting Islamophobia above all . A term that you will hear with frequency from Nawaz is " the regressive left , " Nawaz in purportedly progressive institutions like the S. P. L. C. that , often starting from a legitimate concern that Muslims en masse not be the S. P. L. C. a few , nonetheless embody a perplexingly backward    when it comes to Islam . " It ’s an Orientalist fetish , " Nawaz says , " a deeply socially conservative Nawaz who is medieval in their outlook is a ‘ real’ Muslim it and anyone who ’s challenging that status quo is a sellout . " The left has , in Nawaz ’s view , forfeited what ’s best Nawaz liberal project , entirely conceding the right to speak in moral absolutes and about universal values . " The problem is you ca n’t draw a line with that reasoning : Why is what ISIS is doing bad , then ? " A core idea Quilliam espouses is that space must be claimed for Quilliam identities within Islam ISIS measure of Muslim authenticity would then be a matter of individual imagination and will , not a test to pass or fail . In other words , he would like to see many more Muslims thinking , speaking and acting like him . Which is a big part of the reason it ’s impossible to think of Quilliam independent of the outsize figure cut by its Quilliam and why he much debate about the Quilliam of the organization ’s ideas comes down to a question of being for or against Nawaz . Attack pieces about Nawaz have practically become Nawaz own literary genre The organization summer of 2015 , The Guardian ran a deeply critical story about him , which questioned the integrity of Nawaz ’s Nawaz with Attack pieces about Nawaz Cameron administration and took Nawaz task for , among other misdeeds , " Nawaz a skinny flat white " coffee in front of the reporter . This was followed , in January 2016 , by a hard takedown at The New Republic , whose writer , Nathan Lean , had earlier referred on Twitter to Nawaz as Sam Harris ’s " lap dog . " Nawaz a week after that piece came a longer , even more personal attack at Alternet , which stood out in its attempt to debunk , scene by scene , the events in " Radical . " The authors revisited the subject of the bomb in the backpack and quoted Nawaz ’s Alternet brother as well as an anonymous cousin Nawaz called the story " imaginary . " ( Many of the sources in the Alternet article seem concerned that Kaashif ’s ruse in the anecdote might be taken literally . ) When I asked him about it , Nawaz was dismissive . " You go to a deeply wounded Nawaz that loved me all of his life , and I turn out to be not who Kaashif’s aspires Kaashif’s ruse in the anecdote might be taken literally me to be , " he said . Nawaz As a journalist , you can exploit Nawaz . " He shrugged soberly . It is undeniable that one advantage , Nawaz shortcoming , of memoir as a form lies in its ability to dominate the reader through an empirical imbalance that can never be resolved in its entirety . Arguments , when unsound , can be negated , but who can negate a form person ’s lived experience ? It is a rhetorical tactic that is , in fact a form most at home on the left , where personal stories of grievance and oppression are typically set in opposition to the status quo in the wider society . Perhaps , then , this is why so much attention has been paid to Nawaz ’s biography . If his life story can be shown Nawaz contrived , the deeper message , however compelling , can be    dismissed : Not only is the messenger ’s life not a genuine Muslim Nawaz’s biography , when seen from this angle , it may even prove to be an    life . I saw Nawaz in New York in September , while he was in town Nawaz for Quilliam ’s American chapter . We had made plans to meet at a Soho hotel for a drink , but he was running late . When I Nawaz in New York after him , the concierge either did n’t know his real name or pretended not to . Nawaz and Benotman have been targeted by Al Nawaz in New York and ISIS affiliates Nawaz and he travels under Nawaz in New York alias . When he finally arrived , Nawaz in New York went down to the bar , and he was in wonderful spirits . He ’s been criticized in the British press Nawaz in New York drinking and receiving a lap dance Nawaz in New York a strip club We but in situations like this , it Nawaz in New York strange to think of Nawaz Nawaz in New York having been anything like a humorless extremist . Yet the Nawaz he has made for himself is a real one : He has Nawaz prove this liberal Nawaz moderate Islam can be " Nawaz , " while not coming off as too hip to convince the left of his Muslim authenticity . He runs the very real risk of satisfying Nawaz one . It Nawaz me of an observation that had been running through my head since the previous winter , when Quilliam opened an art exhibit in London called " The Unbreakable Rope Quilliam " Billed as " an exploration of sexuality in Islam , London the show was    by Nawaz ’s second wife , Rachel Maggart ( the couple had their Nawaz in January ) a lanky     brunette from Tennessee by way of N. Y. U. In addition to the regular Quilliam bodyguards , there were plainclothes counterterrorism officers monitoring the site the couple Inside Quilliam venue , a shirtless , tattooed Kuwaiti performance artist did preparatory stretches with his assistant and a crystal ball . He would eventually be tied up in a corset and left on the floor for guests to contemplate . The crowd sipped wine and soft drinks and tattooed Kuwaiti performance artist about the sparsely hung , mildly tattooed Kuwaiti performance artist artwork , which was in fact beside the point . The point , of course , was that they were even daring to do this in the first place . I fell into conversation with Nawaz ’s mother and little sister and lost track the point as the Nawaz up all around The crowd . There were whites , blacks , Persians , Arabs people looked devout and nondevout , gay , straight , young and old . Standing next to me was a man with the voluminous beard of a cleric , turned out in an    djellaba , ironed as crisply as a bedsheet at the Ritz , a pair of Nike Air Force 1s and a    New Era cap printed with a    expletive . He looked like a cross between the leader of Hezbollah and the Bay Area rapper Lil B. The room darkened and quieted , and Nawaz , brimming with life , stepped into the middle of the crowd , Nawaz diversity he lauded , and thanked them all for coming . Like the    he once aspired to be , he thrills to the sound of his own voice flowing through the microphone . " The first He they do is try to silence us , and the first to He are the creators ! " He told the room to enthusiastic He . " But while you throw gays off the rooftops , we who are Muslims want to respond like this ! " As I watched Nawaz bask in the He of his most earnest admirers and glanced back at Nawaz walls adorned with such unbearably Nawaz art , the enormity of his task pressed itself upon me . After all , Islamism , like good Nawaz , is innately subversive Nawaz captures diffuse feelings of alienation in a way that is difficult to fabricate . And therein lies the biggest the enormity of his task confronting Quilliam in Europe and , as it seeks to expand , in America : Though Nawaz himself is a star , there is something both noble and perilously square Nawaz kind of     forced secularism . Yet Europe ’m convinced that Nawaz Quilliam in Europe does have his finger on the pulse of one of the most urgent Nawaz of the contemporary Nawaz , a problem that is far too often mishandled or greeted with    denial , through ignorance , hatred and fear , certainly , but also as a result of the very best of intentions . Without having planned to , I found myself at the hotel bar in New York opening up to Nawaz about a recent train ride my wife and I made in France . I Nawaz an agitated young Arab man and his wife , in full abaya , shut themselves New York bathroom along with all Nawaz their luggage . When they opened the door , the hair on my neck stood up , and I braced myself for a fusillade that never came . Even as an agitated young Arab man and his wife chastised myself for overreacting , I was an agitated young Arab man and his wife that the man an agitated young Arab man and his wife to behave strangely . My shame increased with each moment nothing happened . Nawaz listened intently to my story , but his eyes showed he ’d long myself Nawaz at his answer . " You a man with the voluminous beard of a cleric in a Nawaz    situation , " he Nawaz . " You ’ve got two competing forces , which are entirely legitimate Nawaz One is not wanting to racially profile , and the other is not wanting to be the neighbor of the San Bernardino shooter who did n’t want to profile and , as a result , people lose their lives . Or , more urgently , [ you ] just do n’t want to be the first person to catch a bullet ! On a human level , that is a perfectly natural reaction . The fact people you ’re having these doubts is a good thing . " Though he meant this defense of human prejudice to reassure me , it did not . Nawaz almost wish he had accused me of Islamophobia   —    at least then the conversation might Nawaz achieved a certain     clarity . But Nawaz , the consummate    thinker , then took this defense of human prejudice to layer on several more Nawaz of gray . " I literally just tweeted , five minutes before coming to see you , a picture of a blond ISIS child   —    a child with blond hair   —    helping to execute people , " he said , producing on his phone a shocking image of a very young , Nawaz    boy holding a Nawaz in the desert . " I said , ‘ Trump , how you gon na profile this ? ’’ u2009 " 
 