Indianapolis ( CNN ) Indiana Gov. Mike Pence on Saturday released a letter from Indiana Gov. Mike Pence doctor that describes a " healthy lifestyle " and no major medical issues for the Republican vice presidential hopeful . a letter from his doctor that describes a "healthy lifestyle" and no major medical issues for the Republican vice presidential hopeful was issued by Dr. Michael Busk has been Pence ’s doctor since March 2013 . Busk wrote that Pence exercises four times a week , primarily by riding a bicycle Busk and neither smokes nor drinks alcohol . Pence suffers from seasonal allergies and the only medication he takes is Claritin , an antihistamine . The governor has had three surgeries , one to repair a hernia in 2015 and the other Busk to remove for basal cell skin cancers Busk and 2010 . An exercise stress test in 2014 revealed an asymptomatic left bundle branch block     a condition , according to the Mayo Clinic , in which there ’s a delay along the pathway that electrical impulses travel to make one ’s heart beat     heart valves and chambers appeared normal . Pence follows up with an annual echocardiogram and Busk writes that " the cardiologists feel you have a very good and strong heart . " Pence Pence most recent physical was in July he had a blood pressure rate of    and a heart rate of 76 beats per minute . Laboratory tests also came back normal , according Pence’s most recent physical Busk . Busk applauds the governor ’s " desire to stay healthy , " and concludes that Pence is " in excellent general and cardiovascular health Busk " Busk presidential running mate is able to maintain " a high level of professional work Pence and perform his physical activity programs " without limitations , " Busk added . Pence released the letter after a week in which the candidates’ health emerged as The presidential running mate major issue on the campaign trail .   Busk nominee Hillary Pence ’s campaign released additional medical information in the wake of her pneumonia diagnosis , and Donald Trump , Pence ’s running mate , went on " The Dr. Oz Show , " to discuss his health Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s though he only shared some of the Pence of a physical    he underwent last week . Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s a letter that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s he was in " overall excellent health . " 
 Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine 