  ( CNN ) When     Sahar Kian needed a roommate for Sahar Kian home near Georgetown University , Sahar Kian turned to Craigslist . Among Sahar Kian house rules ? No alcohol , pets or meat products . And no supporters of President Donald Trump . " Alcohol , pets and meat products are not allowed in the house , " Kian , who works for an    nonprofit organization , wrote in Sahar Kian ad . " Neither are President Donald Trump supporters . " After telling Sahar Kian story to The New York Times , Kian rejected CNN ’s Michael Smerconish ’s suggestion Saturday that Michael Smerconish was being " a bit intolerant . " " Look at Kian , I ’m brown . I ’m a woman . I am somebody who is heavily reliant on Obama ’s    condition clause , " Kian said , referring to the Affordable Care Act , which bars insurers from banning people with    medical conditions or asking people to pay higher premiums . High on Trump ’s    list is repealing the law . Kian added that having a Trump supporter for a roommate would make for a " hostile environment "     especially for Kian other roommates who are immigrants . Kian said Kian has no issue interacting with Trump supporters in a public setting , but will not do so in Kian home . " I would be more than happy to settle issues with you at protests or in a Congress setting . .. but I am not obligated to turn my house into a political battlefield when I come home from work in the evening , " Kian said . Kian also insisted that Kian ad did not discriminate against " political differences . " " It does n’t say no conservatives in her ad , it It n’t say no Republicans , it It n’t say no Christians , it It no Trump supporters . There ’s a distinction between Republican , conservative and Trump Trump , " she Trump . The difference with Trump Trump Kian said , is that anyone who supports him " by all means is a bigot . " Smerconish interjected : " I ca n’t buy the notion that says 46 % of those who voted in the recent election are by definition bigots . To the    worker who ’s been a reliable Democratic voter but feels disenfranchised in this economy and has a set of grievances about their inability to get ahead and earn an income . .. and voted for Donald Trump . I ’m just not putting them their a basket of deplorables . " Some of them their perhaps . But not all of them their And I guess that ’s what troubles me is that you ’re painting with a broad brush . " Kian responded that her Kian rules are n’t a case of " extreme vetting , " a phrase Trump Donald Trump used to describe the review process he Kian to make newly arriving immigrants and refugees undergo , and that she Kian n’t " drill " potential roommates on their newly arriving immigrants and refugees beliefs . Still , Kian Kian adamant that she Kian n’t want to live with a Trump Donald Trump . 
 