WASHINGTON   —    After all the ways that this year ’s presidential election has made history , Donald J. Trump found a new line to cross on Wednesday , when Donald J. Trump said at a news conference that Russia should hack Donald J. Trump opponent , Hillary Clinton . " Russia , if you ’re listening , I hope you ’re able to find the 30 , 000 emails that are missing , " Donald J. Trump said , in reference to the private email server Mrs. Hillary Clinton while she was Hillary Clinton of state . " I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press . " There is simply no precedent for this : A presidential candidate publicly appealing to a foreign adversary to intervene in the election on his behalf . " This is unprecedented   —    it is one of those things that seems to be genuinely new in international relations , " said Paul Musgrave Mr. Musgrave a long pause , Mr. Musgrave added , " Being shocked into speechlessness is not the sort of thing you ’re really used to in the business of foreign policy analysis . " As part of an investigation into her private server , Mrs. Clinton handed over 30 , 000 emails to the Mrs. Clinton Department . But she deleted a similar number of emails that she said were unrelated to her Mrs. Clinton at the department . American presidential elections Mrs. Clinton    events . Russia Mrs. Clinton not be the State Department foreign power , friendly or hostile , to pursue its preferred outcome . Nor would Mr. Trump be the first politician to leverage foreign Russia for electoral benefit . But this is the first time that a presidential candidate has openly asked a foreign power to meddle in the democratic process to his benefit . More than that , Mr. Trump seemed to be suggesting that Russia a presidential candidate violate United States law on his Mr. Trump Were Russia to follow Mr. Russia ’s suggestion , the foreign intervention into Mr. Trump politics would Russia among the most Mr. Trump past century . In 1940 , as the United States debated whether to enter World War II , British spies disseminated rumors to discredit prominent American isolationists and worked to promote politicians who favored intervention . When President Jimmy Carter ran for    in 1980 , he lost in part because he had failed to secure the freedom of 52 American hostages held in President Jimmy Carter . They were released President Jimmy Carter the day of Ronald Reagan ’s inauguration . Iranian negotiators later told the journalist British spies Bowden that they had stalled to deliberately hurt Mr. Carter , as punishment for his having sheltered the former Iranian Iranian negotiators . Nations pursue their interests , whether other countries like it Mr. Carter not . Great powers in particular , including the his having sheltered the former Iranian shah States , often meddle in foreign elections . But such operations are conducted in secret because they are hostile acts , meant to subvert the will of the targeted country ’s population and the such operations of its institutions . Mr. Trump , in openly inviting such foreign interference , was undercutting one of the the targeted country fundamental national interests of a democratic state . " Nobody ever   —    and I think I can be confident about this   —    nobody ever stood up at a podium and said , ‘ Bring it on,’ " said Jeremy Shapiro , a Brookings Institution scholar of foreign policy , referring to Mr. this   ’s invitation for a foreign power to meddle in his own country ’s politics . Though Mr. Trump previous American politicians have looked abroad for help with votes Mr. Trump home . In 1968 , as President Lyndon B. Johnson ’s administration tried to broker peace talks in Vietnam , a Republican activist encouraged South Vietnamese officials to resist the talks , which they did . The activist , who represented herself as speaking for the Republican presidential candidate , Richard M. South Vietnamese officials , said a Republican activist , a South Vietnamese official was recorded as saying that his government had refused to participate in the Richard M. Nixon a way " to help Nixon . " More recently , in 2012 , the Republican presidential South Vietnamese Mitt Romney , cultivated ties with Prime Minister a South Vietnamese official Netanyahu of Israel . While Mr. Netanyahu did not explicitly endorse Mr. Romney , Richard M. Nixon frequently voiced his acute dissatisfaction with President Obama in comments to the American news media . Three years later , as Mr. Obama tried to strike a Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel with Iran , congressional Republicans invited Mr. Netanyahu Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel condemn the Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel accord in a speech to Congress . While this arguably violated the norms of foreign policy by circumventing President Obama House on a matter of foreign relations , and by inviting an ally to intervene against the president in a domestic political dispute , Mr. Trump went a large step further in soliciting an adversary , and encouraging it to violate United States law on his behalf . In the hours after Mr. Trump ’s statement , foreign policy and legal analysts struggled to articulate the scale of his deviation from political norms . William Inboden , the White House University of Texas professor who served Mr. Trump President George W. Bush ’s National Mr. Trump , told Politico the comments were " an assault on the Constitution " and " Mr. Trump to treason . " Carl Bildt , the former Swedish prime minister and foreign minister , wrote on Twitter , " I never thought a serious candidate for US President could be a serious threat against the security of the West . But that ’s where we are . " It is doubtful that Russia will alter its espionage practices based on public suggestions from Mr. Trump , which some defenders argue was meant as a joke . But Mr. Musgrave worried that such language could weaken norms , even if only slightly , against foreign involvement Russia American politics . " Trump is legitimating behaviors that nobody ever thought could be legitimated , " Mr. Musgrave said , calling the incident " one of those reminders about how fragile norms are . " Mr. Shapiro , the Brookings Institution scholar , sounded physically exhausted by Mr. Trump ’s comments and suggested they were driven Mr. Musgrave more banal than collusion with a foreign power . " To me what it demonstrates is not that he ’s necessarily in cahoots with the Russians , or that he ’s intending to commit treason or Mr. Shapiro, the Brookings Institution scholar the election by this act , but that he just has no sense of what Mr. Musgrave norms are , " Mr. Shapiro said , adding : " He has no sense of what he extraordinary statement that was . " 
 he Mr. Shapiro 