There is some irony to the fact that Donald J. Trump ’s journey to the threshold of the presidency has , in the closing weeks of the election , come back to the doorstep of the man who first catapulted Donald J. Trump to national fame . But Mark Burnett , the creator of " The Apprentice , " does not seem amused . Mark Burnett, the creator of "The Apprentice ’s most powerful figures , is facing growing demands this week that he release footage from the Mark Burnett, the creator of "The Apprentice Apprentice " set that some former crew members say could reveal Mr. Trump acting in vulgar and offensive ways . The outcry has grown to the point where Mr. Burnett , who rarely comments on political matters , felt compelled on Wednesday evening to issue a forceful denunciation of Mr. Trump ’s presidential bid Mr. Trump he rejected " the hatred , Mr. Trump and misogyny that has been a very unfortunate part of his campaign . " Mr. Burnett Mr. Trump his statement on the same night Mr. Burnett several women came forward to say they had been groped or assaulted several women Mr. Trump , a flood of accusations that continued on Thursday . Their accounts followed a video released several women week from 2005 of Mr. Trump and the television host Billy Bush engaging in vulgar talk about women . Now , the clamor for potentially damning " Apprentice " footage has turned into a spectacle worthy of one of Mr. Burnett ’s own creations   —    complete with cameos from     personalities like the lawyer Gloria Allred , who led a protest against     this week , and a distinctly Hollywood mixture of political intrigue and corporate   . Mr. Burnett , who has not commented on whether such footage exists , said he did not have the legal Mr. Burnett to release " Apprentice " tapes M. G. M. the global entertainment conglomerate that now owns Mr. Burnett ’s production company and its archive , says the same Hollywood A person familiar with Mr. Trump ’s " Apprentice " contract , who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe confidential terms , said M. G. M. would have to M. G. M. ’s permission before releasing unaired footage Mr. Trump the show , part of a M. G. M. granting Mr. Trump control over the use of his name and likeness . The clause in M. G. M. Trump ’s contract is not unusual in reality television Mr. Trump G. M. said on Wednesday that it intended to honor its agreements . Few Hollywood studios wish to Mr. Trump’s contract at the center Mr. Trump’s contract a fevered political dispute , and M. G. M. ’s statement did not mention Mr. Trump by name M. G. M. some critics have wondered if Mr. Trump   —    whose other hits include " Survivor , " " Shark Tank " and " The Voice "   —    was simply trying to maintain cordial ties with Mr. Trump , who retains a financial interest in the " Apprentice " franchise and whose    skills have generated tens of millions of dollars for Mr. Burnett . ( " The Celebrity Apprentice " returns in January on NBC with Arnold Schwarzenegger taking over as host . ) Entertainment lawyers interviewed this week wondered if Mr. Trump would have much of a legal case if " Apprentice " footage were released . The " name and likeness " clause is typically invoked if a celebrity ’s image is used for profit   —    not as documentary evidence in a presidential campaign . Refusing to release footage " could mean that there are contractual restrictions , " said Jerry Glover , a lawyer in Chicago who has worked on    disputes . " Mr. Glover ’s bad side , " Mr. Glover added . That is the suspicion of people like Ms. Allred , who marched outside M. G. M. headquarters and declared that Mr. Burnett had " a civic duty " to open his video vault . Online petitions are demanding that the footage be released UltraViolet , a women Burnett group , planned to fly a plane over Los Burnett on Thursday with the banner , " M. G. M. NBC , Burnett : Release the Tapes . " Mr. Burnett denied a report in BuzzFeed News that he had threatened " Apprentice " employees with litigation if any footage Burnett leaked . In a sign that Burnett was wary of the effect on his public Burnett   —    particularly in his    entertainment milieu   —    his statement began with an emphatic Burnett " I am NOT   . " Burnett of Mr. Burnett said it was unfair Burnett expect him to step into the Burnett of a journalist , especially if releasing footage meant breaching a contract . There could also Burnett costs : An emergence of damning footage Burnett blemish the valuable " Apprentice " brand . And the    industry , with its susceptibility to spoilers and demands for authenticity , is particularly sensitive to issues of discretion and trust . In interviews this week with more than two dozen people who worked the   industry " The Apprentice , " many expressed disgust at Mr. Trump ’s vulgar conversation with Mr. Bush . But none would speak publicly about Mr. Trump ’s behavior on the set of " The Apprentice , " citing nondisclosure agreements with steep financial penalties . One " Apprentice " contract from 2005 obtained by The Mr. Trump’s included a $ 5 million "The Apprentice The Apprentice unauthorized leaks . Former " Apprentice " workers , more accustomed to talk of casting calls than campaign scandals , said they were stunned to find themselves thrust into supporting roles in a presidential election . Many said they were reluctant to discuss their experiences with Mr. Trump out of fear of losing work in an industry Former "Apprentice" workers, more accustomed to talk of casting calls than campaign scandals just a whiff of Former "Apprentice" workers, more accustomed to talk of casting calls than campaign scandals can persuade a potential employer to call someone else . They Former "Apprentice" workers, more accustomed to talk of casting calls than campaign scandals noted a practical problem Former "Apprentice" workers, more accustomed to talk of casting calls than campaign scandals There are thousands of hours of footage from " The Apprentice , " most likely stored in hundreds of boxes . Finding scenes with Mr. Trump   —    Former "Apprentice" workers, more accustomed to talk of casting calls than campaign scandals alone footage of some kind of damning utterance   —    would be no small task . Mr. Burnett , who has donated to Democratic candidates , is an Englishman Mr. Trump now , has been reluctant to discuss Mr. Trump ’s political rise . Last month , he was seen smiling awkwardly at the Emmy Awards when Jimmy Kimmel , the comedian , needled him about Mr. Trump from the stage . " Thanks to Mark Mr. Trump do n’t have to watch reality shows anymore Mr. Trump " Mr. Kimmel quipped . " We ’re living in one . " But Mr. Burnett Mr. Trump eye Mr. Trump might still soothe any political misgivings expressed by his peers . " Even if it turns out that Burnett ’s sitting on Trump video that the public we ought to see , if he keeps Mark Burnett out monster hits , this town wo n’t shun him , " said Mark Burnett Kaplan , who runs the Norman Lear Center for Mark Burnett and society at the University of Southern California . " In this industry , Mark Burnett Mr. Kaplan added , " ratings swing a bigger bat than civics Mark Burnett " 
 Mr. Kaplan 