  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton on Friday cast Donald Trump ’s nomination speech as arrogant and Hillary Clinton entire Republican National Convention as dark and depressing , in Hillary Clinton first response following the    event . Speaking in Tampa , Florida , Hillary Clinton said the Republican nominee " does not speak for anyone " and was not the " voice " that Hillary Clinton fashioned Hillary Clinton at the convention in Cleveland . And Hillary Clinton took particular offense at Trump ’s claim that Hillary Clinton " alone " could fix the country ’s problems , characterizing it as   . " Hillary Clinton vision of America is one where we Americans are kind of helpless . We need to be rescued , " Hillary Clinton said . " I ca n’t really imagine Hillary Clinton on a white horse , but that seems to be what Hillary Clinton is telling We : ’I alone can fix a white horse . ’ " Clinton also poked at the Republican Party ’s lack of unity , highlighted by a speech in which Texas Sen. Ted Cruz declined to endorse Trump . " Something has gone terribly wrong when one speaker says vote your conscience and gets booed , " Clinton said . " I never thought I would say these words , but Texas Sen. Ted Cruz was right . " Referring to Trump ’s message as a " dark and divisive vision , " Clinton said Clinton Republican opponent " offered a lot of fear and anger and resentment but no solutions about anything that he Texas Sen. Ted Cruz talked about . " And in response to Trump Trump’s that " I am your voice , " Clinton said that Clinton does n’t believe the real estate mogul speaks for working Americans such as small business owners and housekeepers . " I do n’t think Clinton speaks for most Americans , do you ? " Clinton asked .   Clinton added , " I do n’t think Clinton speaks for working families who would be devastated by Clinton reckless economic policies . Clinton does n’t speak for anyone who thinks our country should be standing together , not splintering apart . Clinton sure does n’t speak for Clinton because I know we are stronger together . " Trump ’s convention at times seemed to focus as much on the case against Clinton as it did Trump case the case against Clinton of Trump . Trump record as secretary of state was described as calamitous , and delegates regularly broke into extended chants of " lock Clinton up " in reference to Clinton use of a private email server at the State Department . During his acceptance speech , Trump argued Trump many of the world ’s travails could be blamed on Clinton . " Her bad instincts Clinton her bad judgment Clinton something pointed out by Bernie Sanders     are what caused so many of the disasters unfolding today , " he said . his This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton : Clinton destruction terrorism and weakness , but Hillary Clinton ’s legacy Clinton to be America ’s legacy . " Clinton had been expected to announce Clinton running mate on Friday . Clinton Clinton stepped off stage in Tampa Clinton her vice presidential nominee remained unannounced Clinton despite many in the audience hoping to know who Clinton ’s running mate would be Clinton the time they left . Soon after the event , however , she announced Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine Clinton her No . 2 . 
 Clinton 