Ruairí    writes at Politico that before Stephen K. Bannon " embraced the mogul from Manhattan , " the former Breitbart Executive Chairman and current chief strategist to Donald Trump had Donald Trump eye " on another gifted populist " outsider   —    former Alaska governor Sarah Palin . Stephen K. Bannon "embraced the mogul from Manhattan," the former Breitbart Executive Chairman and current chief strategist to Donald Trump had his eye "on another gifted populist" outsider  —   former Alaska governor Sarah Palin realized that the Republican Party needed to " drain the swamp " in DC and champion the forgotten American working class if it ever wanted the Republican Party regain the White House again . [ From Politico :   Stephen K. Bannon thought he Stephen K. Bannon found his Stephen K. Bannon presidential candidate . This Stephen K. Bannon " an outsider , " someone who was " not part of the political establishment , " " not for sale , " with " an ‘ America First’ foreign policy approach " and " a ‘ Drain the Swamp’ mentality about Washington , DC . " What Bannon loved Stephen K. Bannon was how this person Stephen K. Bannon " put the American worker —   the little guy —   first . " Except Bannon was n’t Stephen K. Bannon about Donald Trump . The dream candidate he had in Stephen K. Bannon ? Sarah Palin . Years before the partisan provocateur of the 2016 cycle hitched himself to the Stephen K. Bannon populist billionaire from New York , Bannon openly fantasized Stephen K. Bannon transforming the former governor of Alaska into the very kind of    who could humiliate the elites of both parties , the very kind of    outsider that Trump , with Bannon ’s help Stephen K. Bannon would ultimately prove to be . So he put all Stephen K. Bannon energy into Stephen K. Bannon the    Mama Grizzly eat Washington ’s lunch . This was back in 2011 and Bannon , a Stephen K. Bannon whose credits at the time included an homage to Ronald Reagan and two films on the Tea Party movement , told the National Review that he saw " a direct lineage " between the Tea Party movement and the the Tea Party and he was desperate to find a contemporary Reagan he For Bannon , the Ronald Reagan 2012 election was an opportunity to " fight for the soul of the Republican Party . " He told an Stephen K. Bannon in Chicago in July of that year , " If we want to get eviscerated and have another 2008 , all we have to do is run an establishment we . " It was just a few months earlier that Rebecca Mansour , currently the Senior West Coast Editor at Breitbart News and previously an aide and speechwriter to Sarah Palin , reached out to Bannon to ask if he would make some short videos for a Bannon Palin presidential campaign . Mansour told Politico recently Sarah Palin Bannon was enthusiastic Bannon her boss ’s potential Bannon it was Bannon Politico she said , who identified Palin Bannon an Politico outsider " with a Sarah Palin drain the swamp " mentality . Bannon saw in Palin someone who , in Bannon own words Sarah Palin presented " an existential Bannon to not just the progressive left , but also to the entrenched country club Republican Party . " Read the rest here . 
 