On Sean Hannity ’s radio show earlier this week , American Freedom Defense Initiative president Pamela Geller said the " Clinton Cash " movie , which details the corrupt financial dealings of the Democratic    Hillary Clinton " should be de rigueur viewing for every concerned American . "   American Freedom Defense Initiative president Pamela Geller said , " I mean remember the "Clinton Cash" movie, which details the corrupt financial dealings of the Democratic   Hillary Clinton " left the White House claiming the "Clinton Cash" movie, which details the corrupt financial dealings of the Democratic   Hillary Clinton " were broke . the "Clinton Cash" movie, which details the corrupt financial dealings of the Democratic   Hillary Clinton " now of a net worth of 200 million dollars . the "Clinton Cash" movie, which details the corrupt financial dealings of the Democratic   Hillary Clinton " did n’t built anything , the "Clinton Cash" movie, which details the corrupt financial dealings of the Democratic   Hillary Clinton " did n’t create anything . the "Clinton Cash" movie, which details the corrupt financial dealings of the Democratic   Hillary Clinton " do n’t have a company , but the "Clinton Cash" movie, which details the corrupt financial dealings of the Democratic   Hillary Clinton " get from these very sketchy governments ,   Bill Clinton gets 750 , 000 dollars to speak . There is a movie coming out now called , " Clinton Cash . " It is a devastating , stunning indictment   …     . It it pure evil .   And anyone on the right whose hashtag is Never Trump , so on and so forth , is aiding and abetting in the election of a clearly corrupt   —   and not just her but her husband   so you ’ll have them both in the White House —     a clearly corrupt regime . That movie honestly That movie should be de rigueur viewing for every concerned American . That movie is devastating , the level of corruption , that kind of money they received . And kinda malfeasance they did in Haiti or I should say what they did n’t do in Haiti . How much money they got when nothing was accomplished . And the selling of uranium rights here in America   —    20 percent of the uranium is now owned by Russia . I could   the uranium to go on and on . But you ’re absolutely right . I believe Clinton was paid off and Clinton ’ll continue to get paid off . There is no reason to believed that the past behavior for 20 years is going to change . Based on what ? " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 