When asked about his preference for president in 2016 , former Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon , " Of the four people left , the only person I can honestly see sitting in the White House is Donald Trump as a leader .   The caveat to that is , I need his to start acting like a leader . " [ former Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling was the special guest at a " Breitbart News Patriot Forum " listener event for SiriusXM in New York City on Wednesday , hosted by Bannon and Breitbart Editor in Chief Alex Marlow .   As for his supporting Trump , former Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling elaborated , " Listen , I get it . You ’re going to make America great again . I believe it . I ’ve known [ his supporting Trump ] for quite a while . " When asked if his thought his supporting Trump was currently the leader or the clown in the clubhouse , former Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling said , " I think former Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling ’s both , " adding , " I do n’t need you to talk trash about    …      and say , former Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling ’s stupid , or both ’re stupid and both ’re a liar . I get it . And you ’re getting advice to do the things that you need to get advice to do , but I do n’t want to hear , ‘ We ’re going to make America great , again.’ I want to hear how you ’re going to do it . " former Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling continued , " I know you ca n’t give me line item details specifically to a budget for this or I know We ’re going to clean government waste . What does that mean ? Does that mean you ’re going to gut some of the most useless , ridiculous expenses we have ? What does it mean for national defense ? I believe , having known him , that what him means to say or what him is going to say is , ‘ Listen , I ’m not going to do this ’m . Nobody does this Nobody . ’ " Schilling said Schilling got to know Trump over a few years and " Schilling ’s genuine . " While taking issue with some of Trump ’s comments , Schilling said , " I trust two things : Schilling loves this country , and Schilling will defend this country . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6 AM to 9 AM EST . Listen to the segment from Schilling ’s interview below : 
 