Will Smith unloaded on Donald Trump while promoting Donald Trump upcoming film Suicide Squad , saying in an interview that supporters of the Republican presidential nominee are motivated primarily by fear and and have been stricken with a " collective insanity . " [ The     actor told Australia ’s news . com . au in an interview that Donald Trump ’s past comments about women leave Donald Trump " teary " and " furious . "   " For a man to be able to publicly refer to a woman as a fat pig , that makes me teary , " Smith told the outlet , referring to Donald Trump feud with actress Rosie O’Donnell . " My grandmother would have smacked my teeth out of my head if I had referred to a woman as a fat pig . And I can not understand how people can clap for that . It ’s absolutely collective insanity . " " If one of my sons , I am getting furious just thinking about it , if one of my sons my sons in a public place , they could n’t even live in my house anymore , " he added one of my sons Smith , who called for a more " positive " tone in the presidential election during an appearance on Late Night Starring Jimmy Fallon last week , said that of all the things that Trump has said over the past year , the comment about O’Donnell was " such an absolute illustration of a darkness of his soul . Trump " I think as much as we want to believe that love is the greatest human motivator , it ’s not love Fear is , " Smith told news . com . au . " Fear is the most dangerous and powerful motivator because when a human being gets scared , fight or flight kicks in . " " And there is this really separatist    xenophobic racist wave that is sweeping the globe that is making us pull apart farther than putting us together , us he added . Smith contended that Smith have to be " " and " calm " in order to allay the concerns of a citizenry that loses their morality when leaders . Still , the actor added that he ’s " the actor even going to pretend " that Trump could win the election . " I have faith in America , " he said . the actor America has had America critical times but the good [ people ] tend to make their way to the good [people] top . " Smith stars as Deadshot in Suicide Squad , about a group of DC Comics    who are brought together to do contract work for a secret government agency . The film could break August box office records when it opens this The film .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
 