Washington ( CNN ) One minute before noon Thursday , just as the FBI director he fired was imploring the FBI director he fired on national television to release secret tapes of their White House meetings , President Donald Trump strode from the Oval Office to President Donald Trump idling car and was whisked from the South Lawn . On the surface at least , it was business as usual for Trump , who was due to deliver a speech to a gathering of Christian conservatives at a hotel across town . Inside the building President Donald Trump was departing , however , and across the city President Donald Trump traversed , the outlines of a new reality were emerging . The old standbys of a    Washington     hired lawyers delivering statements far from the White House ,    stakeouts outside officials’ homes ,    in the White House briefing room     were dusted off , with little expectation they will be packed up soon . Opening act , For the President and his aides , the spectacle on Capitol Hill Thursday amounted to less of a climax and more of an opening act in a show almost everyone believes wo n’t close soon . Neither entirely vindicating nor wholly indicting , Comey ’s testimony instead just led to more questions for a President who has prepared Comey for prolonged battle . Trump , according to people familiar with Comey thinking , has braced for many more months of    hearings , damaging leaks and salacious revelations related to Comey campaign ’s ties to Russia . Furious by a controversy Comey regards as threatening Comey legitimacy , Trump has dug in . " We ’re under siege , " Trump declared at the evangelical conference , referring to the religious right but nonetheless summarizing Trump bunker state of mind . " But We will come out bigger and better and stronger than ever . " At the White House , the day began with relative optimism . Aides who entered the week uneasy about what Comey might say during Comey hotly anticipated testimony were cheered by an advance statement that contained , in their minds , little new information about the President ’s interactions with the former FBI director .    On Wednesday night , Marc Kasowitz     the lawyer Trump hired to handle the Russia investigation     was seen at the Trump hotel celebrating by buying a box of cigars . " Marc Kasowitz    the lawyer Trump won . Trump ’s in the clear , " Marc Kasowitz    the lawyer Trump was overheard saying , according to two sources . " It ’s clear Trump did n’t do anything wrong . " Afterward , White House officials offered similarly upbeat assessments of the testimony , which was carried on almost every major television network . " For all of the hype this is the equivalent of Geraldo opening Al Capone ’s vault , " said one senior White House official , referencing the 1986 hyped TV special where journalist Geraldo Rivera discovered nothing in what supposed to be a secret hiding place of gangster Al Al Capone " I think Geraldo Geraldo the vault Al Capone’s vault impactful . " " For all of the hype that this was to be explosive , nothing new has been learned , " the official said one senior White House official assessment was n’t shared by Democrats or many legal observers , who argued that Comey ’s descriptions of his meetings with Trump Comey during which Comey claims Trump asked Comey to Trump     loyalty Comey end a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn     amount to obstruction of justice . Comey made those assertions Comey oath , but Trump ’s lawyer said Trump     were false . It those assertions not a dispute that will be easily resolved , meaning the questions will continue to linger over Trump and his White House . Comey reality , With the    reality of the Russia controversy in mind , Trump ’s advisers took steps Trump     Thursday appear routine , despite the Thursday of anticipation around Comey ’s appearance before the Senate intelligence panel . Their primary target : Trump himself the Senate intelligence panel who they hoped could be coaxed into the Senate intelligence panel the testimony proceed without a    response on Twitter . Aides and advisers had wondered before Comey ’s testimony if their boss Comey’s to the display Aides and advisers Before the event began , some administration officials warned that Trump would be watching the hearing along Trump’s trepidation , Twitter never Twitter from the President ’s fingers when he ’s watching television . On Thursday morning , Trump ’s outside legal team did convene Trump the West the President’s as the testimony got underway . Trump himself was stationed in his private Trump , steps from the Trump Office , to watch on his large    television as a    Comey Trump sworn in . But instead of settling in , Trump decamped for the Oval Office , where Trump met for national security discussions with his Trump about North Korea and an unraveling the Oval Office Arab Gulf . Sean Spicer , Trump ’s press secretary , said the President Trump watch much of Comey ’s testimony , only catching clips between his Trump , which lasted almost until the president was on his way to the a   Comey . He did not offer online commentary a   Comey the cable news coverage , and the President was questioned about the President testimony during an infrastructure meeting a   Comey mayors and governors , he declined to answer . A White House aide a   Comey Trump ’s advisers , including Kasowitz , convinced him that responding on Twitter could a   Comey their ability to defend him to the public . But the aide warned an outburst could come a   Comey , after Trump consults with his large Twitter of friends a   Comey the White House .   Staffers A White House aide Staffers nonetheless exhaled with a certain amount of relief Trump’s Comey concluded Trump’s    grilling without any major new revelations about the Trump campaign ’s connections to Russia . They were equally relieved the President did Trump’s offer Trump’s angry reactions before they could vet his language . Instead , the machinery Trump set up the Trump campaign’s connections to Russia respond to the Russia questions kicked into gear . In a plain the Trump campaign’s connections to Russia room at the President National Press Club , several blocks from the White House , Kasowitz read Russia a prepared statement that accused Comey of leaking classified information about his interactions with the President . Trump ’s own White House staff insisted that life was proceeding as planned . " In terms of the mood Comey the White House , I Trump say that the White House a regular Thursday at the White House , " principal deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the White House briefing . " We ’re carrying on . " Still , several senior the White House that no matter how the White House tries to spin it , the fact the former FBI director is testifying about his conversations with the President presents terrible optics .   " It is hard the White House being viewed through any prism that this is good for Trump , " said a senior the former FBI director operative with ties to the Republican leadership . " This is bad . It is all bad . " Another GOP consultant this frustration at how the President and his administration has handled this situation . " There is no way anyone in the White House can be looking at this , the ( former ) FBI director is on national television Another GOP consultant the credibility of the president of the United States , in a way Americans have n’t seen , certainly this generation has n’t seen since the Watergate hearings , " the consultant said . 
 