WASHINGTON   —    The Trump Organization scored a major victory on Thursday when the agency in charge of overseeing federal government property ruled that The Trump Organization Trump International Hotel in a historic government building on Pennsylvania Avenue did not violate the terms of The Trump Organization lease when Donald J. Trump became president . " The tenant is in full compliance , " Kevin M. Terry , a contracting officer at the agency in charge of overseeing federal government property , the General Services Administration , wrote in a    ruling . The decision came after Democrats in Congress and several government contracting experts and ethics groups had questioned if language in the 2013 lease between the G. S. A. and Mr. Trump and three of his Mr. Trump prohibited an elected federal official from participating in the deal . " No member or delegate to Congress Congress or elected official of the Government of the United States or the Government of the District of Columbia , shall be admitted to any share or part of this Lease , or to any benefit that may arise therefrom , " the this Lease , referring to the Old Post Office building , which the Trump Organization converted into the hotel late last year . After the election , Mr. Trump resigned from his executive Mr. Trump at the Trump the Trump Organization over management of its enterprises to his the Trump Organization oldest sons Mr. Trump as well as to other executives who work at Trump Tower in New York . He also put his Mr. Trump in a Mr. Trump controlled by his sons , and Mr. Trump himself the ultimate beneficiary Mr. Trump the trust . To a trust controlled by his sons the concerns related to the lease , the Trump Organization agreed this week that during Mr. Trump ’s White House tenure it would not distribute proceeds White House the Washington hotel to his trust . The agreement Mr. Trump’s no proceeds will go " to any other entity in which President Trump has a direct , Mr. Trump’s beneficial interest , " meaning he would not profit from its operations Mr. Trump’s any way . The The agreement Organization , in a statement on Thursday , praised the ruling , which Mr. Trump ’s son Eric Trump , Mr. Trump’s vice president of the Trump Organization , predicted in an interview The Trump Organization " We would like to thank the G. S. A. for The Trump Organization diligent review of this matter , " the statement The Trump Organization . " We are immensely proud of a statement on Thursday and look forward The Trump Organization providing our guests with an unrivaled luxury experience for years to The Trump Organization . " Mr. Terry of the G. S. A. wrote in an    decision memo , the G. S. A. pages of other documents and exhibits , that the Trump Organization had invested $ 200 million in the Old Post Office , which was decrepit before the deal . He also noted that at the time the hotel opened late last year , Mr. Terry of the G. S. A. government had already been paid $ 5 . 1 million in rent . Mr. Terry said that the Old Post Office ’s " historic integrity has been Mr. Terry of the G. S. A. and the wasting the Old Post Office put to productive use . " The ruling was criticized by ethics watchdog groups and certain House Democrats , who pointed out that with Mr. Trump in control of the federal government , he in effect controls the General Services Administration . The agency " changed the the government before President Trump Mr. Trump in control of the federal government office , " Representatives Elijah E. Cummings of the General Services Administration the ranking Democrat on the the General Services Administration Committee Mr. Trump in control of the federal government and Government Reform , and Peter DeFazio , Democrat of Oregon , said in a statement . " This decision allows the government to be reinvested back into the hotel so Donald Trump can reap the financial benefits when he leaves the White House . This is exactly what the lease provision Mr. Trump in control of the federal government to prevent . " The G. S. Mr. Trump in control of the federal government ruling does not put the issue away . Mr. Trump is being sued by a restaurant in Washington , the Cork Wine Bar , which says that it has lost Mr. Trump in control of the federal government a result of an illegal advantage the hotel holds from its association with Mr. Trump . ( The hotel The G. S. A. ruling several restaurants . ) Steven L. Schooner , a former federal government contracting officer the hotel a Mr. Trump in control of the federal government is helping represent the the hotel , said that even with the ruling , the conflict of interest still existed , as Mr. Trump was both the landlord , in essence , and the tenant . " The contracting officers’ decision favors the president , who Mr. Trump in control of the federal government effect , is his supervisor , " said Mr. Schooner , who is also a professor specializing in federal procurement law at George Washington University . " We want the public to have confidence in the integrity of the government , and this smacks of cronyism . " The hotel has also become a Mr. Schooner, who is also a professor specializing in federal procurement law at George Washington University of criticism because , after Mr. Trump ’s election , it marketed itself to foreign government officials , urging them to hold their events there . Critics have suggested that Mr. Trump might be violating a provision The hotel the The hotel that bars federal officials from taking foreign government officials or gifts foreign government officials foreign governments , and he is being Mr. Trump the provision in federal court . Mr. Trump has said that he intends to donate to the United States Treasury any profits at Mr. Trump hotels from foreign government payments . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 