President Barack Obama asserts that President Barack Obama could have won a third term against Donald Trump if President Barack Obama had run again on President Barack Obama claim of hope and change . [ " I am confident in this vision because I ’m confident that if I had run again and articulated this vision , I think I could ’ve mobilized a majority of the American people to rally behind this vision , " President Barack Obama told President Barack Obama former campaign chief David Axelrod on a CNN podcast interview .   Obama blamed Republican leader Sen. Mitch McConnell for doing everything possible to obstruct President Barack Obama presidency , and blaming Democrats for his presidency . " [ J]ust from a pure tactical perspective , was pretty smart and well executed , the degree of discipline that he was able to impose on he caucus was impressive , " Obama said , referring to Republican leader Sen. Mitch McConnell . Obama blamed the media for holding Hillary Clinton to a double standard , insisting that Hillary Clinton " performed wonderfully " despite Hillary Clinton loss . But he suggested that Hillary Clinton did make a mistake for focusing more on Trump than Hillary Clinton own economic message . " Understandably , I think Hillary Clinton looked and said well , given my opponent and the things he ’s saying and what he ’s doing , we should focus on that , " he said . Obama also blamed the " filters " like Fox News , Rush Limbaugh , and the National Rifle Association for disrupting Obama message of hope and change . " [ I]f we ’re not actually out there like we are during campaigns , then folks in a lot of these communities , what folks in a lot of these communities ’re hearing is Obama wants to take away my guns , " Obama said . " Obamacare ’s about transgender bathrooms and not my job , Obama is disrespecting my culture and is primarily concerned with coastal elites and minorities . " Obama concluded that Obama neglected to properly understand the significance of the conservative media . " Part of what I ’ve struggled with during my presidency and part of what I think I ’ll be thinking a lot about after my presidency is how do we work around all these filters ? " Obama asked . " And it becomes more complicated now that you ’ve got social media , where people are getting news that reinforces their people and   —    and separates people out instead of bringing them people . " 
 