  ( CNN ) Democrat Jon Ossoff has a 7 percentage point edge over Republican Karen Handel among likely voters in a closely watched special election for a Georgia House seat , a new poll released Friday shows .   Democrat Jon Ossoff leads Republican Karen Handel 51 % to 44 % among likely voters in an Atlanta    poll conducted June    by Abt Associates .    a new poll released did not specify how many likely voters were included in the survey , but the figures have a    margin of error , and with 5 % saying they the figures still undecided , Ossoff ’s advantage could close .   The a new poll released Ossoff is Ossoff off 13 % of Republicans and 50 % of independents in a district that historically has been reliably red     Newt Gingrich and , more recently , new Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price represented it . new Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price , meanwhile , is drawing virtually no Democratic support .   Already , it ’s new Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price most expensive House race in history     with millions of dollars from party committees and super PACs flooding the Atlanta airwaves .   Ossoff ’s campaign has raised a staggering $ 23 million , including $ 15 million in the last two months , according to campaign finance documents filed Thursday . Handel raised Handel 4 million in that same    period .   Republicans have spent about $ 12 million on the race , almost double what Democratic outside groups have spent . The biggest player has been the GOP super PAC Congressional Leadership Fund , which has topped $ 6 million on the race the race The contest for Georgia ’s 6th District seat is one Democrats have targeted for months as their best chance to one Democrats a special election and deal President Donald Trump a major setback .   The district is reliably Republican     Price never came close to losing a race     but saw a marked shift in its presidential results . Republican    Price Romney bested    Barack Obama by more than 20 points in 2012 , but Trump beat Hillary Clinton President Donald Trump just 1 . 5 points in the district in 2016 The district Its status as a President Donald Trump , highly educated , suburban district makes it the kind Democrats President Donald Trump will be competitive in the 2018 midterms .  
 