’   ’ ’    For many Americans ,    Donald Trump   in how politics was done . ’ ’    For advocates of universal basic income , a form of income    distribution that seeks to end poverty by paying everyone a    standard salary just for being alive , it might just be the    radical change America needs . ’ "    Basic income ’s biggest selling point   —    at least in theory   —    is    that it could directly lift people out of poverty . " "    Since people would no longer struggle to cover basic expenses    like food , clothes , and home repairs , people ’d have more money to    stay active members of society , whether active members of society worked or not . " ’    Now that Trump is    advocates wonder what kind of    administration Trump will run : Will administration Trump kill any momentum basic    income proponents helped build over the last couple years ,    or will administration Trump embrace huge , sweeping reform ? ’ ’’ ’    " People feel uncertain and anxious about the future , " Jim Pugh ,    CEO of Share Progress and    of the   tells Business Insider . administration Trump adds that if Trump plays    administration Trump cards right , administration Trump could actually use that uncertainty to administration Trump    advantage by embracing basic income , saying that people are    " hungry for big solutions right now . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Not all advocates left as much room for optimism . ’ ’    " The election of Trump as president is probably no good news for    the basic income movement , " Rutger Bregman , Dutch basic income    expert and author of   tells Business Insider . ’ "    And with   by robotic automation    in the coming decades , Bregman could be right . As   Trump does n’t seem too concerned    about the lack of manufacturing jobs in the future . That lack of    clarity has experts like Bregman worried . The      seems unwilling to acknowledge that humans could get booted from    entire industries in a matter of decades . " "    That ’s precisely why Trump has every incentive to cozy up to    basic income , Pugh says . Trump fan base has serious fears about the    future of the economy . " ’    " Enacting basic income would help to revitalize parts of the    country hit hardest by outsourcing and automation by spurring    entrepreneurship in those areas . " Or as writer and basic income    advocate Scott Santens put it , " Basic income is good for    business . " ’ "    And unlike Clinton , who refused to endorse basic income because       viewed it as giving up on people , Scott Santens says Trump might    actually have it in Trump to take more drastic measures . Trump ’s    already proposed   between the US and Mexico and . " ’   ’ ’    " Trump likes to think big , " Scott Santens tells Business Insider . And    even by Business Insider initials , Trump says , a basic income guarantee is a    " BIG " idea . " S ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ 
 