’   ’ ’    Hindsight is   . And using that view , many analysts have said    that President Obama used too much political capital passing    Obamacare and sacrificed the rest of President Obama legislative agenda . ’ ’    A President Trump could easily do the same thing , sacrificing one    of A President Trump key policy promises   —    a $ 550 billion infrastructure    stimulus . ’ "    If congressional Republicans and party loyalists get congressional Republicans and party loyalists way ,    the new administration ’s first priority will be repealing    Obamacare , then passing tax reform . " ’   ’ ’    House Republicans have said that House Republicans plan on passing tax reform    and other    policies ( like repealing Obamacare )    using a tool called " reconciliation . " It allows House Republicans to avoid a    filibuster , which is the Democrats ’’ last line of defense against    a Republican majority legislature in both houses of Congress . ’ ’’ "    The thing is , when budget policy is passed using that tool , budget policy    has to be revenue neutral . That is to say , it    ca n’t grow the    deficit . " ’    When discussing the votes needed to pass tax reform in " the House    we have a majority and we are a majoritarian body , so all I need    is 218 votes and I can pass something , that does n’t work like    that in the Senate , " House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said on Fox    News earlier this month . ’ ’    " As you know the Senate has a filibuster except for budget    reconciliation . .. but here’ ’s the point , for you to be able to    use reconciliation to not have a filibuster , it has to be deficit    neutral and so we have to have deficit neutral tax reform . " ’ ’    That means Republicans will have to raise some revenue as they Republicans taxes , especially since the plan is to cut corporate taxes    from 35 % to 20 % . ’ "    Expect this to be a dogfight . House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s plan    balances tax cuts with closing big loopholes , . That deduction House Speaker Paul Ryan’s plan   balances tax cuts with closing big loopholes the    difference between being    and    for some    companies . Lobbyists will be fighting to protect their clients’    Lobbyists . " "    Now , remember that Trump ’s infrastructure plan is largely a    series of tax cuts meant to incentivize companies to invest in    infrastructure projects . If infrastructure development is folded    into the larger tax plan , it will make infrastructure development is folded   into the larger tax plan tax reform harder    to pass    reconciliation . " "    And that ’s even if Republicans use dynamic scoring , a practice    which basically allows the government to estimate the future    benefit of tax cuts to the economy after making a load of    assumptions   —    including about   in response to falling tax    revenue . " ’    As analysts at Morgan Stanley put it in a recent note , " further    offsets will be required , even in a dynamic framework . " ’ ’    That means the infrastructure plan will have to be handled    separately ,    the rules of reconciliation . And likely    without grudging    if any ) support from deficit hawks in the GOP . ’ ’   ’ "    That means that if Trump wants to pass his infrastructure plan Trump    he ’ll have Trump do it with the Democrats’ help and likely after    having already    taxes twice   —    directly through tax code reform    and    —    and gutting some major    programs supported by Democrats . " "    There wo n’t be a lot of good will to go around at that point . And    while it    be easier to get Democrats on board with spending ,    it will    harder to get them on board Democrats the huge part of    Trump ’s infrastructure plan that involves tax cuts to incentivize    wealthy developers to invest in projects . " "    What ’s more , infrastructure experts have largely panned Trump ’s      Trump because they simply do   Trump think it works . " ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’He and congressional Republicans are about    to spend    lot of political capital before they can tackle ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’He and congressional Republicans    infrastructure plan    lacks bipartisan ( or even some partisan )    appeal .    ’   ’ 
 