’   ’ ’    National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden took to    Twitter on Monday to comment on the recent hack into Democratic    National Committee email inboxes , which resulted in WikiLeaks    publishing 20 , 000 emails last week . ’ ’    Edward Snowden said Russia , which is widely suspected to be behind the    hack , " should be condemned " if it is indeed responsible . Edward Snowden    suggested that evidence of such an attack " certainly exists " at    the NSA but has been kept under wraps out of fear of divulging    too much information about    surveillance techniques and    capabilities . ’ "    The hack exposed emails from top DNC staffers that appeared to    undermine Bernie Sanders’ candidacy in favor of Hillary    Clinton ’s . " "    The leaks have raised fears of possible Russian interference in a    US presidential election , or even collaboration with Donald    Trump ’s campaign   —    particularly since Trump and Russian President    Vladimir Putin have   for one another . " ’    The Kremlin on Tuesday   that Tuesday   hacked the DNC and called the    allegations " absurd , " Reuters reported . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tIf Russia hacked the   ’t’t’tIf Russia should be condemned for it . But during the   hack , the FBI presented evidence .   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tEven if the attackers try to obfuscate Snowden ,   makes following exfiltrated data easy . I did this personally against Chinese ops . ’t’t’ "    Cybersecurity experts generally agree with Snowden ’s assessment    of the NSA   —    Cybersecurity experts say the NSA   likely does possess evidence of    any Russian involvement , but there are numerous reasons for the    government to keep that knowledge secret . " ’    " It is actually very reasonable to conclude that the NSA does    know the answer to this question without any real ambiguity , "    Alex McGeorge , head of threat intelligence at the      cybersecurity firm Immunity Inc. told Business Insider . ’ ’    The NSA data analysis program XKeyscore , which Snowden revealed    in 2013 , is capable of intercepting communications at a variety    of points and correlating sources , and would probably be capable    of determining the attacker , McGeorge said . ’ ’ ’    It’ ’s not easy , but that’ ’s part of why they’’re so good at their    job , " he said .    "    Greg Martin   —    who founded the cybersecurity startup Jask and is a    former adviser to the FBI , Secret Service , and NASA   —    agreed that    the US intelligence community has substantial technical    capabilities that    has n’t the US intelligence community with the public . " ’    " More than likely , it is able to trace back the DNC breach to the    true actor behind it , " the DNC breach told Business the   true actor behind it in an email . ’ "    But where the experts diverge from Snowden is with the    government ’s response to the hack   —    Snowden argued that Snowden    XKeyscore is now public , there ’s little reason to keep evidence    of a Russian cyberattack secret . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe aversion to sharing   evidence is fear of revealing " sources and methods " of intel collection , but   is now publicly known . ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tTo summarize : the US Intel Community should modernize their position on the US Intel Community . Defensive capabilities should be aggressively public . ’t’t’ "    That would be a mistake , McGeorge said . The public knows that    programs like XKeyscore exist and what types of data they    collect ,    not precisely how they work . they NSA likely would n’t    be able    reveal evidence of Russian involvement without also    disclosing the    of its surveillance capabilities    " ’    " The NSA could The NSA The NSA Yes we know the Russians The NSA it . ’’ Would that    be enough    satisfy the public ? Or would they have to somehow the Russians say how    made that determination the Russians " McGeorge said . " That is    the key    that would give the Russians more than the Russians the Russians want .    ’ ’    But the significance of the breach may warrant a more forceful    response than the government has displayed so far , Martin said .    Interfering in a US    election was a bold move that    " crossed the line " and could embolden the Russians in the future the Russians ’    " At a ’ ’    US government should have ’’ named and the government Russia and issued a strong diplomatic rebuke , " Martin said . " By    not doing so , Martin setting a dangerous precedent for both us and    our allies . " ’ 
 us 