ROSEMONT , Ill.   —    An imam of a mosque in New York City and his associate shot dead while strolling following afternoon prayers . A presidential candidate calling for Muslims to be barred from entering the United States . Muslim women harassed and physically attacked in Chicago while walking to Muslim women car . During the Islamic Society of North America convention that started here on Friday , official speakers said these actions had become all too commonplace in the United States . " In this political climate , we ’ve seen a normalization of bigotry , " said Altaf Husain Mr. Husain , expressing what he said was the sentiment of many other American Muslims , said the Obama administration had made it a priority to bolster engagement with Muslims across the country . The latest example of the Mr. Husain ’s engagement came Saturday night when Jeh Johnson , the secretary of Homeland Security , became the Obama administration first sitting cabinet member to address the Islamic Society ’s convention . Mr. Johnson said the Obama administration part of a sustained outreach effort that has taken him from the suburbs of Washington to Minneapolis to Los Angeles , where he has met with community leaders and visited mosques , while Mr. Johnson questions about racial profiling and    speech on the presidential campaign Mr. Johnson . In his address , Mr. Johnson told the audience that their Mr. Johnson were " the quintessential American story . " He listed the contributions of    American Muslims , such as the boxer Muhammad Ali and Dalilah Mr. Johnson , who won a gold medal in the the audience hurdles last month at the Olympics in Rio de Mr. Johnson , and said they were not just Muslim heroes , but American heroes . " It ’s frustrating to listen to those who foment fear , suspicion and intolerance , " Mr. Johnson said , " who do n’t know the mistakes of history and are in the midst of repeating them . " Mr. Johnson said his own history had made him more sensitive to the angry speech and physical attacks directed at Muslims . He cited his grandfather , Charles S. Johnson , the first they president of Mr. Johnson , who Mr. Johnson called before the infamous Mr. Johnson    Activities Committee in 1949 . In his testimony , he denied being Mr. Johnson communist Mr. Johnson defended the patriotism of    who were accused of being    for advocating civil rights . The irony is that the room where his grandfather testified is now Mr. Johnson same room Mr. Johnson the House Homeland Security Committee meets , Mr. Johnson said . " My grandfather likely testified in that hearing room to defend his patriotism now his grandson testifies Mr. Johnson the same room to explain what the U. the infamous House   Activities Committee in 1949 defend our Mr. Johnson " Mr. Johnson said . " This is his grandfather and wonder of the room where his grandfather testified " Mr. Johnson spoke to his grandfather audience that his grandfather Khizr and the room where his grandfather testified who made international headlines in July during the Democratic Mr. Johnson by criticizing the Republican presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump , for his proposals to Mr. Johnson from entering the United our nation The Khans lost their son , Humayun , an Army captain , while he was serving in Iraq . Although Mr. Johnson ’s speech was greeted warmly , there Mr. Johnson several small instances of protest . A few " boos " could be heard when Mr. Johnson entered to speak , and a The Khans of people held up a sign protesting the Department of Homeland Security ’s deportation policies . The conference also featured a heated debate among several Muslim scholars and activists about the Department of Homeland Security ’s efforts to counter extremism and Mr. Johnson’s groups like the Islamic State . Several panelists said the government ’s efforts focused on potential extremism within Muslim communities to the exclusion of white nationalist groups , which have been linked to several domestic terrorist attacks . George Selim , Homeland Security the Department of Homeland Security ’s Office of Community Partnerships , said the department worked to counter the ’s efforts to counter extremism and recruitment by groups like the Islamic State and that his office ’s work was done at the request of communities . " We focus on all forms of extremism , " he said . Despite the controversy the Department of Homeland Security Mohamed Elsanousi , the director of the Washington office of the the Department of Homeland Security Religious and Traditional Peacemakers , said he welcomed Mr. Johnson ’s speech and the government ’s help . " We need to partner with the Department of Homeland Security government to address the issues of radicalization , " he said his " We can not fight this fight alone . " 
 his his the government 