Donald Trump delivered the most optimistic speech of Donald Trump campaign so far Thursday afternoon to a friendly audience in the city of Las Vegas . [ Joined onstage at various times by Donald Trump two adult sons and also by Las Vegas police officers , Donald Trump received massive ovations throughout the rally , which was held indoors in a packed room at the South Point Hotel on the Vegas Strip .   " It ’s a phenomenon , " Donald Trump said . " No matter where we go , it It this . It It people like this this We we our we , " Donald Trump said . " It It very sad what ’s happening and we we going to turn it It . " " Soon , we we going to be extremely happy with results . " Donald Trump devoted an adequate amount of time to Senator Ted Cruz , who has recently battled Donald Trump in some polls , and said Donald Trump is being backed by the GOP establishment . " I ’ve become establishment ? Oh , give me a break . Bob Dole said Donald Trump will do better than Cruz . Trust me , I will do better than Cruz Cruz " Donald Trump responded . " When Donald Trump talks , Donald Trump talks like Donald Trump ’s debating , " Donald Trump said of Cruz Cruz " But Donald Trump ca n’t just talk . You have to be able to talk sometimes , too , folks . " " It came out ten minutes ago , " Donald Trump said of the latest poll in Iowa . " Trump 33 , Cruz 23 . " Donald Trump was referring to the CNN poll . Donald Trump was off by a couple points . Donald Trump ’s actually four points higher . It ’s Donald Trump . Cruz 26 . " Cruz has Cruz 26. " a hard time . He Donald Trump like a nervous wreck . He Donald Trump his Donald Trump but he Donald Trump it , his moment Trump Donald Trump , noting that Sarah Palin helped Cruz to Cruz 26. " his Donald Trump Senate election in 2012 . " If it was n’t for Sarah Palin Sarah Palin Donald Trump n’t be a senator even . He Donald Trump at two percent and then Sarah got involved and then he Donald Trump a senator . " Trump Donald Trump after former Cruz communications Cruz 26. " Amanda Carpenter , who is now on CNN , for saying that he Donald Trump to win by a certain margin in Iowa . " I ’ll take a win by one vote , folks . " " They ’re not folks tough guys . They ’re phony folks guys , " Trump Donald Trump of his Donald Trump politician rivals . " It ’s one thing to be a tough guy . But you have to be able to get along with people . " " I was a young guy , I helped Ronald Reagan , I really liked him . Ronald Ronald Reagan would Ronald Reagan with Tip O’Neill and they made great deals Tip O’Neill everybody . We can be tough , but at some point we really have to We something . We really have to We something . " Then he turned to Hillary Ronald Reagan , and scored the event ’s most massive ovation . " I ’m going to beat her so easily . Hillary Clinton have n’t even started on her yet . I Hillary Clinton n’t even started . " There was only one small interruption in the crowd , caused by a young woman as soon as Trump started talking about the Middle East . That ’s the point at which similar interruptions have been made during Trump speeches . The activist group Code Pink took credit for the interruption on social media . And yet , nobody ever interrupts Madea Benjamin , whom this reporter frequently spots at a favorite D. C. coffee shop in between her busy schedule of this reporter events . Trump challenged photographers in Trump audience to look at the size of his crowd . " Trump at this , " Trump said of a crowd of cameras in the back of the room . " It ’s like the Academy Awards . " " This wacko Bernie Sanders , " Trump said to a Trump of boos , " wants to bring your taxes to 90 percent . " He brought his two Trump up Trump the podium . " He ’s always been Trump for us , and he his two sons going to Trump there for you guys , " said Donald Trump , Jr. " Thank you so much for your support . It means the world to my family , " said Eric Trump to a Trump . " They ’re good guys , his two sons they ’re members of the his two sons actually , " Trump said . " We Trump going to save the Second Amendment . " Trump shifted attention over to Trump cops . " Six months ago , they called me . This the cops how it all started . I went to the border in Laredo , Texas . They ’re being told ‘ the cops back.’ They ca n’t do their the cops , " Trump the cops of law enforcement Trump on the border . " No the border in Laredo, Texas " " They have been abused . the cops are great people . The police are great people . They ’ve been abused . These The police amazing , great people . Everybody has to respect law and order . Otherwise , we do n’t have a country , " Trump said . " Our Trump were very smart people we " " No more Common Core . These clowns like Jeb Bush , they want Common Core . Educate These clowns like Jeb Bush children based on the bureaucrats in Washington , who are looking out for their own profits ? " " These clowns like Jeb Bush spend more money per pupil than any country in the world . And we ’re number 28 in education . Third World countries are ahead of us in education . No more Common Core . We are going to educate our children . " Trump also We legendary Oakland A ’s owner Charlie Finley , who built a    World Series team with a low budget .    
 