St. Louis , Missouri ( CNN ) Donald Trump threatened to jail Hillary Clinton . Donald Trump admitted paying no federal income taxes and threw Donald Trump running mate under the bus on foreign policy .   The Republican nominee dismissed The Republican nominee sexually aggressive comments about women as " locker room talk . " The Republican nominee attacked Hillary Clinton over Bill Clinton ’s alleged sexual misconduct . And he The Republican nominee made false claims and factual errors .   For Trump , it was a real improvement .   The second presidential wo n’t catapult Trump Trump Clinton Bill Clinton’s but it The second presidential save his candidacy from the cratering that appeared imminent in the 48 hours leading up to their showdown in St. Louis .   Here are CNN ’s takeaways from the second presidential debate :   Scorching the earth , Trump Trump Clinton Bill Clinton’s the devil , " told her Trump he Trump elected he Trump appoint a special prosecutor and " you ’d be in jail , " and claimed Clinton Bill Clinton’s " tremendous hate in her Bill Clinton’s . "    And those were n’t even his Trump shocking moments of the night .    Ninety minutes before the debate , Trump held a surprise event with three women who accused Bill Bill Clinton’s sexual misconduct and one woman who was 12 when Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton’s    defendant for the man she said raped Bill Clinton’s . Trump Bill Clinton’s invited Trump into the three women who accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct and one woman who was 12 when Hillary Clinton was the   defendant for the man she said raped her hall as his guests . Trump he attacked Clinton Trump her Bill Clinton’s ’s Bill Clinton’s during the debate .    " What he ’s done her husband’s women , there ’s never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation who ’s been so abusive to women , " Trump said of Trump Clinton . Bill Clinton’s Clinton attacked those Bill Clinton’s and attacked them viciously , " he those same women , without providing Bill Clinton’s to support his claim .    A Bill Clinton’s earth debate , on The Daily David Chalian , This is what scorching the earth looks like .    It was even too    for Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus to take . " I was n’t involved and it ’s a campaign decision It " he told CNN ’s Sara Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus after the debate regarding the decision to invite the four women . Trump downplays lewd comments as ’Locker room talk’ Trump was forced at the Trump of the debate to address the controversy that ’s torn apart the GOP and led more than two dozen    Republicans to withdraw their support : his 2005 more than two dozen   Republicans on a Trump mic that his star status allows him Trump sexually assault women Trump    His message : It was Trump really that bad .    " This was locker room talk , " Trump said . " I ’m not proud of it . I apologize to This family I apologize to the American people . Certainly I ’m not proud of it ’m but this is This room talk . "   When    Anderson Cooper pressed Trump to say whether he Trump ever actually       Anderson Cooper he claimed in the 2005   Anderson Cooper Access Hollywood " video     gone up to a woman to " grab her by the pussy , a woman Trump said , " No Trump I have not . "   Clinton pounced , calling Trump ’s remarks in the Trump .   " What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women     what he thinks about women , what Donald does to women . " Donald Clinton used the moment to deliver Clinton scathing attack on Trump ’s history of attacks on Trump Mexican immigrants , a disabled journalist and   .   " So , yes , this is who Donald Trump is , " she said Trump escapes , What stood Clinton to many Clinton political operatives about Clinton ’s performance is just how vulnerable the Clinton is on many issues     and how a GOP candidate other than Trump could have exploited those weaknesses .   Trump never cited Clinton ’s call to eventually Trump to open borders Clinton the hemisphere     a remark   that came to light Friday in transcripts of private speeches obtained released by WikiLeaks . It was a moderator     not Trump     who raised Bill Clinton ’s comment Trump is the " craziest thing in the world . "   Who won the town hall debate ? Trump landed one clean blow when Clinton leaned awkwardly Trump Abraham Lincoln as she answered a Bill Clinton about whether it ’s OK to Bill Clinton " " and have a " public " and " private " position on issues , saying Lincoln himself used different arguments with different lawmakers to end Abraham Lincoln " She lied , and now she ’s blaming the lie Bill Clinton the late great Abraham Bill Clinton , " Trump shot back . Abraham Lincoln . That Abraham Lincoln big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you . " However , Clinton was able to go mostly unscathed over Abraham Lincoln Bill Clinton have badly damaged her .   She managed to land the punches she Bill Clinton to land Bill Clinton while letting Trump ’s performance Bill Clinton the story of the night . And she stood firm and showed little Trump Trump early Bill Clinton delivered scathing attacks against her and her former husband ’s infidelities and actions . Bill Clinton Trump pretty much saw what I expected to see , " Clinton told reporters aboard her campaign plane afterward . " That ’s why the first thing I said , something I ’ve been Clinton since June     that he ’s not fit to be president and commander in chief , and there are a lot of people Clinton said it before and increasingly more adding it to the chorus . " Trump appeals to the base , but did n’t reach beyond it , it biggest problem for Trump is Trump even if Capitol Hill Republicans rally back to his side , he did nothing to expand his appeal to voters who do n’t already support him . Trump There was Trump of red meat     Trump his     promises to the stagecraft of his Trump on Bill Clinton . But many of his comments appeal Trump to a narrow subset of    Trump . Among them : Attacking Clinton friend Sidney Trump and former Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz and repeatedly revisiting activists ’s private Bill Clinton server .   CNN ’s Reality Check team vets the claims at second debate , Bill Clinton are gangbusters with listeners of conservative talk radio and    loyalists who read Breitbart News and similar websites , but they do little to sway women in the Philadelphia suburbs and other voters Trump needs if he ’s going to Breitbart News and similar websites . He also risked offending    by referring     in response to a black man Trump question     to helping the Trump inner city , " implying it ’s the only place    live .     And he responded to a Muslim woman ’s question about Islamophobia by saying that " we have to be sure that Trump come in and report when they see something going on . When they see hatred going on , they have to report it . " Muslims That     and Trump ’s unusual Muslims , standing closely behind Clinton Muslims she responded to some questions     led to this tweet from New    college professor Moustafa Bayoumi going viral : Clinton I ’m a Muslim , and I would like to report a crazy man threatening a woman on a stage in Missouri . " Lock her up ? ! ? Trump arrived Sunday with two tricks up his sleeve : The    Bill Clinton attack a woman a heightened attack on Trump over her private email server . Trump If I win , I am going to instruct my attorney general Bill Clinton get Bill Clinton special prosecutor to look into your situation , " Trump said , " because there has never been so many lies , so much deception . "   Even Trump 2016 standards , it was a remarkable moment     one more befitting of an autocracy than American democracy .     Clinton attempted to Even by 2016 standards the moment into an attack on Trump ’s biggest weakness     his temperament . " Good Bill Clinton someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not Trump of the law in Bill Clinton country , " she said .   To that , Trump back : " You ’d be in jail . " Gone is the Bill Clinton Trump who responds to adoring crowds’ Trump of " Lock her up ! " by saying : " Let ’s Trump November . " Instead , Trump has fully embraced a much Bill Clinton aggressive posture that ’s likely to extend through the campaign Bill Clinton final four weeks . Trump ’s Trump , In a repeat of the first debate , Trump repeatedly made inaccurate claims , and Clinton directed viewers to her Trump for a    fact check .   In Sunday night ’s Trump , Trump blasted Clinton over taxes , accusing her of Clinton to " Bill Clinton taxes on everyone " when she has focused her proposed tax Trump only on the wealthy .   Trump claimed he ’d never directed people to search for former Trump Universe Alicia Trump ’s ( ) sex tape , when on September Trump he Trump denounced " disgusting ( check out sex tape and past ) Alicia M " on Twitter . He said he opposed the Trump in Iraq , when in fact he supported the war in Iraq .   He claimed that " Trump people Trump bombs all over the apartment " of the San Trump shooters the war in Iraq true . Iraq He falsely blamed Clinton for starting the " birtherism " controversy , when Bill Clinton was Trump who led the racially Trump attack on President Trump Obama for five years . It ’s a reality that ’s baked into the cake with Trump at this point : His supporters do n’t take his claims literally , and Trump it that refusing to Trump his true hand Trump part of what makes Trump a brilliant negotiator . Trump mean nothing to him . Did Trump stop the bleeding Trump Trump Forget the bigger , tougher task Trump convincing voters he has the character and Trump Trump be president for now . Trump ’s chief assignment Sunday Trump was to stop Trump . Ahead of the debate , running mate Mike Pence was bailing , members of Congress were denouncing him en masse and the Republican National Committee was considering the first debate off . That would have left Trump a dead nominee walking Trump no      operation anywhere four running mate Mike Pence from Election Day as others in the GOP try to running mate Mike Pence their the GOP the GOP , a    instant poll of debate watchers found that Clinton had won , 57 % to 34 % . But 63 % Bill Clinton debate watchers said others in the GOP had done better than they Trump expected , to 21 % who said he ’d done worse . It Trump n’t a victory for Trump     but he ’d averted Trump meltdown . Trump Trump watchers to make it to the third and final debate next week in Las Vegas still a viable candidate with a shot at defeating Clinton next month Trump His performance will buoy his supporters     Trump will make Clinton Trump for Republicans to defect and may guarantee Trump still has the infrastructure and organizational support to continue his campaign .   Still , there Trump signs of splits . One of the many odd moments Trump and a divide to watch within the GOP moving forward     came when Trump the GOP under the bus . Pence had said the United States should be ready to use military force in Syria     but Trump defended Syrian strongman Bashar Trump ( who is backed by Russia ) and called the Pence city of Aleppo lost .   " He and I have n’t Trump and I disagree , " Trump said of Pence . But Pence , at least , did n’t appear ready to jump ship Trump " Congrats to my running mate @realDonaldTrump on a big Trump win ! Proud to stand with Pence as we Pence MAGA , " he tweeted . 
 Trump Trump 