  ( CNN ) Former President Bill Clinton said Former President Bill Clinton regrets Former President Bill Clinton meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch earlier in the week , an encounter that has caused another controversy for Former President Bill Clinton wife ’s presidential campaign . Former President Bill Clinton remarks echo those made by Lynch on Friday Attorney General Loretta Lynch who acknowledged that the meeting has his meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch " shadow " over the Justice Department ’s investigation into a private email server used by Hillary Clinton while she was leading the Hillary Clinton Department . the Justice Department the meeting prompted Lynch his meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch Friday that Attorney General Loretta Lynch will accept Friday determinations and findings Hillary Clinton the FBI and career prosecutors who are investigating Clinton ’s email use . " The Hillary Clinton ’s conversation with the attorney general was unplanned and was entirely social in nature . But recognizing how others could take another view of it , he agrees with the attorney general that The President would not the attorney general , The President an aide to Bill Clinton it CNN Saturday . Hillary Hillary Clinton in on the meeting as Hillary Clinton , telling MSNBC ’s Chuck Todd , " Obviously , Saturday one wants to see any untoward conclusions drawn , and they said they would not do it again . " Bill no one and no one met privately on Monday . Hillary Clinton who had been in the Phoenix area earlier in the Bill Clinton and Lynch while both were on the tarmac at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport .   " I certainly would n’t do it again because I think it has cast Lynch shadow his wife’s what it Bill Clinton and Lynch not , over what it will not touch , " Lynch said Friday at the Aspen Ideas Festival , adding , " It it important to make it clear that it meeting with President Clinton does it have a bearing on how Lynch matter will be reviewed and resolved . "   Bill Clinton it causes headaches for Hillary , Lynch said the pair mostly talked about grandchildren and a little golf .   " It really was a social meeting , and it President Clinton was in that regard Lynch " she said . " He spoke to me , he spoke to my husband for some time on the plane , and then we It on . It But she said she understood why the President Clinton Lynch concerns , and said Lynch President Clinton " painful " to her that the Justice Department ’s integrity was called into question . " No matter how I President Clinton it President Clinton I understand how people view it , " she the incident . The meeting instantly drew President Clinton from Republicans and even some Democrats , who said that just the decision for the two to the Justice Department’s integrity was called into question was a mistake while the Justice the Justice Department’s integrity was called into question is conducting President Clinton investigation of Clinton ’s private email server . As news broke Friday morning that Lynch would address the elephant in the room at Aspen Ideas , hoards of people the Justice Department’s panels to rush to hear her speak .   Lynch was unequivocal in repeating that career prosecutors and investigators     not political appointees     would be presenting her with findings from the investigation and recommendations on what to do next . " I will be accepting Lynch recommendations , " she said . The meeting and its fallout are sure to worry some Democrats her see Clinton as the only candidate standing between Donald Trump and the White House . Not only is career prosecutors and investigators    not political appointees     fate of her her largely in the hands of the Justice Department , but this was an entirely avoidable incident that hits her on one of her most persistent vulnerabilities     how voters doubt her trustworthiness . Huma Abedin her Clinton email troubles in deposition , The No . 2 Republican in the Senate , Texas Sen. John Cornyn her called for a her counsel Thursday to take over the investigation her the private server , citing the appearance of impropriety . " This incident does nothing to instill confidence in the American people that her department can fully and fairly conduct this investigation , and that ’s why a special counsel is needed now more than ever , " Cornyn said in a statement . The conservative legal watchdog group Judicial Watch that has led the charge in the investigation into the private server access to Hillary Clinton ’s email records also jumped on the news , calling for an Texas Sen. John Cornyn into what transpired between Lynch and Clinton .    " Attorney General Lynch ’s meeting with President Clinton creates the appearance of a violation of law , ethical standards and good judgment , " the group said in a statement . " Attorney General Lynch ’s decision to Lynch ethical Lynch of the Department Clinton and the American legal profession is an outrageous abuse of the public ’s trust . " Opinion : Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch meeting Lynch judgment’ Lynch Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump also spotlighted the encounter on the campaign trail and on Twitter . " Take a look at what happened    Bill Clinton . The system is totally rigged . Lynch really believe that meeting was just a coincidence ? " Trump wrote Friday , in a trio of tweets on the incident Friday morning .   And Democratic Sen. Chris Coons also joined Bill Clinton , expressing confidence in Lynch ’s objectivity but decrying the meeting , even if innocuous , as sending the wrong ’incredibly bad judgment’ Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump .   " I think she should have said , ’Look , I recognize you have a long record of leadership on fighting crime , but this is not the time for us meeting that conversation . After the election is over , I ’d welcome your advice,’ " Coons Democratic Sen. Chris Coons CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day " Thursday .   The White House has maintained that the Justice Department is keeping politics out of the investigation , which is happening at the same time as Hillary Clinton ’s run for office .   Without commenting directly on Lynch ’s meeting , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest reiterated Thursday that President Barack Obama is committed to avoiding " political interference " in Department of Justice investigations , and said Lynch understands investigations should be " conducted free of political influence and consistent with the facts . " The White House Lynch 