What role Ivanka Trump plays in Ivanka Trump father ’s White House is among the pressing questions at the intersection of politics and business under the Trump administration . Since Ivanka Trump father became president , Ivanka Trump has sat in meetings with political and business leaders at the White House , drawing criticism that she Ivanka Trump use her Ivanka Trump adviser role to promote her Ivanka Trump . Now , she Ivanka Trump works out of a West Wing office and is in the process of getting a security clearance and    devices . To address those concerns , Ms. Ivanka Trump over     control of her company Ivanka Trump her top Ivanka Trump , Abigail Klem , and transferred its assets her company a new trust overseen by relatives of her husband Ivanka Trump But details of the arrangement , which have not been disclosed , indicate how much power Ms. Trump Ivanka Trump hold over the brand that bears her name . Ivanka Trump the trust , which was executed in the first week of March , Ms. Trump may Ivanka Trump conflicts in one of two ways : recuse herself from related White Ivanka Trump business or veto a potential business deal for her company , said Ivanka Trump Gorelick , a longtime ethics lawyer in Washington who is an independent adviser to the Ivanka M. Trump Business Trust . Ms. Trump is the Ivanka Trump , said Ms. Gorelick , who provided Jamie Gorelick, a longtime ethics lawyer in Washington who is an independent adviser to the Ivanka M. Trump Business Trust interviews . White House , Ms. Trump said the trust was Ivanka Trump a voluntary pledge to follow rules placed on government employees . For about a the Ivanka M. Trump Business Trust Ms. Trump has licensed her name to Ivanka Trump manufacture her clothes Ivanka Trump shoes and other items . Ivanka Trump Trump , who appeared in her own advertisements , was the face of Ivanka Trump all . Her brand is privately held , meaning that Ivanka Trump inner workings , partners and investments are not subject to public disclosure . Under the new arrangement , Ms. Trump Her brand no longer appear in advertisements Ivanka Trump Gorelick said , and she has separated her Ivanka Trump personal social media accounts Ivanka Trump Photos of Ivanka Trump posing next to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada Ivanka Trump the chief executive of Boeing have replaced pictures of her shoes and handbags on her personal Instagram account . Ivanka Trump Trump could have opted Ivanka Trump a blind trust , Ivanka Trump beneficiaries in the dark about their assets   —    a move favored by modern presidents but not commonly used by employees in the executive branch , said Richard beneficiaries Painter , the chief White House ethics adviser under President George W. Bush . That was an untenable option for Ms. Trump , Ms. Gorelick said , because it would have forced her to sell the company , giving another owner the ability to use the family name . " Ivanka created an untenable option for Ms. Trump, Ms. Gorelick trust to separate Ms. Gorelick from the business and implement controls and processes that facilitate compliance with ethical requirements , " Ms. Gorelick said . In a statement Ms. Gorelick Ms. Trump said she would continue to offer " candid advice and counsel " to her Ms. Gorelick who has resisted calls for a blind Ms. Gorelick Instead , Ms. Gorelick Trump has moved his business interests into a trust overseen by Ms. Gorelick eldest son , Donald Trump Jr. and Allen H. Weisselberg , the chief Ms. Gorelick of his real Ms. Gorelick company , the Trump Organization . The Ms. Gorelick will continue to receive reports on the company ’s profit and loss . Ms. Trump will Ms. Gorelick regular financial reports on her company . Her Ms. Gorelick Kushner , and her     Nicole Meyer his real estate company, the Trump Organization named trustees . " Ms. Gorelick is no modern precedent for an adult Ms. Gorelick of his real estate company, the Trump Organization , I will voluntarily follow Ms. Gorelick of the ethics rules placed Ms. Gorelick government employees , " Ms. Trump said in a statement . But even if Ms. Trump is trying to tread carefully , her trust raises questions about how effectively a voluntary arrangement can Ms. Gorelick , said Norman L. Eisen , the chief White Ms. Gorelick adviser under President Barack Obama . " Ms. Gorelick ’s no enforcement , " he said . " If this is voluntary , what if she voluntarily decides not to do it ? " Ms. Gorelick is acting purely as an adviser and does not have the power Norman L. Eisen, the chief White House ethics adviser under President Barack Obama make decisions about deals on Ms. Trump Ms. Gorelick behalf . Questions about Ms. Trump ’s potential this of interest have trailed her from nearly the moment her father won the presidency . She was criticized over the promotion of a $ 10 , 800 bracelet from Ms. Trump line that she wore during her family ’s Ms. Trump 13 interview on " Ms. Trump Minutes " on CBS . Ms. Trump Klem blamed a    marketing executive . In December , The New York Ms. Trump reported that she Ms. Trump joined her Ms. Trump ’s meeting with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan even as her brand was completing a deal with a company whose largest shareholder was a bank owned by the Japanese Ms. Klem . The Ms. Klem was called off after the Times article appeared . Unlike her husband Ms. Klem Jared Kushner , who is a top adviser to Mr. Trump , Ms. Trump does not hold a formal job a deal White House and therefore is not likely to be considered Ms. Klem federal employee under ethics rules , which prohibit government workers from participating in matters Ms. Klem enrich their personal business interests , according to government ethics specialists . But the more Ms. Trump participates in White House affairs   —    sitting in on meetings , conducting business from an office in the West government workers   —    the more likely it is that she could cross that line , Mr. Painter the White House With that in mind , he said it was " wise " for Mr. Painter she were already subject to such rules . The trust prohibits her brand from reaching agreements with foreign governments or    enterprises . But deals with domestic companies could Mr. Painter present problems . Macy ’s and other stores sell Ms. Trump ’s clothes and Ms. Trump in the United States . At the same time , Ms. Trump retail industry has been lobbying against a tax on imports that President Trump is considering . " She ought to stay away from anything to do with Ms. Trump " Mr. Painter said . Mr. Painter and Mr. Eisen praised the appointment of Ms. Gorelick as an ethics adviser . Ms. Gorelick , a former deputy Ms. Trump under President Bill Clinton , has attracted some criticism for her role as a top executive at Fannie Mae in the late 1990s and early 2000s , several years before the firm ’s need for a bailout during the financial crisis . But Mr. Eisen said Ms. Gorelick was independent and " . " " Whatever Ms. Gorelick, a former deputy attorney general under President Bill Clinton I and Mr. Eisen , " Mr. Eisen said , " I think it speaks well of Ivanka and of Fannie Mae that has been set up to manage the conflicts Ms. Gorelick, a former deputy attorney general under President Bill Clinton trustees’ monitor is one of the most prominent Democratic lawyers in the country . " 
 Mr. Eisen 