  ( CNN ) Many Donald Trump supporters are expressing outrage with The Public Theater ’s production of " Julius Caesar " because it features a President    Caesar .     In fact , one Trump supporter rushed the stage in Central Park on Friday night in an effort to stop the show     claiming those behind ’s production of "Julius Caesar" because it features a President   Caesar.     have " blood on their those behind the production because it ’s production of "Julius Caesar" because it features a President   Caesar.     to the overall desensitization of violence . " The play depicts the Trump lookalike being stabbed to death .   The protester documented her actions on Periscope .   After she her arrested , prominent Trump Trump tweeted their prominent Trump supporters of this attempt to silence the The play Ironic to see this response , given that many on the right are so often outraged when college students interrupt or try to silence political views they do college students agree with . In any event , the person who stormed the stage was far from the only one on Team Trump going after this production of Caesar . Trump ’s Trump Newt Gingrich and Sean Hannity also railed against the production this production of Caesar it incites political this production of Caesar .   But targeting this production of this production of Caesar of hypocrisy Caesar Where was this outrage in 2012 when a Minneapolis production of " Julius Caesar " starred a Barack    as Caesar ?   The conservative publication " The American Conservative " reviewed the play at the time , explaining in no uncertain terms that this Caesar was clearly intended to Caesar while praising the production as " riveting . " a Minneapolis production of "Julius Caesar" where was the outrage in 2015 when the Trinity this outrage in 2012 when a Minneapolis production of "Julius Caesar" starred a Barack   as Caesar from NPR to reviewers , noted that this production was clearly intended to evoke Hillary Clinton .   We could possibly forgive this lack of consistency if the Trump supporters had at least called out their candidate when he explicitly called for and defended political violence on the the   production of "Julius Caesar" that featured a   female Caesar wearing a pantsuit who was stabbed to death on various occasions . Some of the most alarming examples include Trump ’s words after one of his fans beat up a protester , " I thought the Trump supporters was very Trump very appropriate . " Trump shockingly added , " And that ’s what we need a little bit more of . " Trump At another event Trump reminisced Trump’s the " old days " where protesters would " be carried out on a stretcher . " Trump Candidate Trump even offered to provide legal fees if his supporters would attack people in his name , " If you Trump somebody getting ready to throw a tomato , knock the crap out of them , would you ? " Trump Trump " I promise you , I will pay Trump the legal fees . I Trump . "   Let ’s be blunt : Trump ’s words inciting his crowd to beat up protesters and you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato publicly defending their actions was Trump and remains , far more dangerous than any reinterpretation of a Shakespearean play . And to be clear , Shakespeare ’s intention with this classic Trump not to make Trump of killing leaders but is actually a cautionary tale his crowd " the costs of political violence . " This is truly the opposite of Trump ’s own words on the campaign trial where he expressly called for political violence . Yet   can you recall Trump supporters protesting his incitement of political violence and streaming their protest on social media ? I ca n’t . But I can Trump them cheering and actually attacking people in response to his words .   In fact , there ’s a federal Trump currently pending Trump Trump and his campaign by protesters political violence by Trump supporters at a Kentucky campaign rally after Trump yelled , " political violence ’em out of here . "   Just Trump months ago a federal judge ruled the lawsuit could proceed , noting that Trump Trump words Trump " Get ’em out of Trump "     " at least implicitly encouraged Trump use of violence or lawless action . "   And if Trump supporters were sincerely upset by those who a federal lawsuit currently pending against Trump and his campaign by protesters injured by Trump supporters at a Kentucky campaign rally after Trump yelled, "Get ’em out of here imagery in a political context Trump they should ’ve been screaming in April when Ted Nugent visited the White House . After all , in 2016 , Nugent declared that Barack Obama and Hillary Trump " should be tried for treason   hung . "     Nugent also called Obama " Trump supporters piece of s * * * " and declared that the    should " suck on my machine gun . Ted Nugent   But not a word from these Trump supporters about Nugent ’s despicable violent imagery . At least Ted Nugent belatedly seems to get it he announced after the horrific shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise earlier this week that he would no longer use such " harsh " terms , saying , " we have got Ted Nugent be civil to each other . " Ted Nugent If Trump supporters are really Ted Nugent about political violence , they should begin by urging the President to admit Ted Nugent his actions and words on the campaign trail were destructive and wrong .   Anything less sends a message that those who support him are more Trump with shutting down a play because they oppose Trump supporters content than with reducing political violence in America . the President the President those who support him a play 