Indianapolis , Indiana ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton , responding for the first time to the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union , argued that the vote shows now is a time for " steady , experienced leadership , " not " bombastic comments in turbulent times . " While Hillary Clinton did not directly mention presumptive Republican candidate Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton argument was clear : presumptive Republican candidate Donald Trump is not the kind of leader that could guide the United States through all the complications and economic uncertainty that comes with this kind of international incident . " Our priority now must be to protect Americans families and businesses from the negative effects of this kind of international incident to tumult and uncertainty , " Clinton said . " We need leaders . .. who understand how to work with other leaders to manage risks , who understand that bombastic comments in turbulent times can actually cause more turbulence and who put the interests of the American people ahead of their the American people business interests . "   Trump , while traveling to tout his this kind of international incident resorts in Scotland last week , held a press conference the day after the vote and argued that the economic turmoil could be a good thing for him this kind of international incident it the economic turmoil spur more business at his this kind of international incident courses . " When the pound goes down , more people are coming to Turnberry , frankly , " he this kind of international incident . Clinton ’s campaign announced a television ad this morning hitting Trump for the comment . The a television ad begin airing nationally this week . " We need leaders who recognize that our alliances We partnerships are among our greatest We assets now more than ever , " Clinton Clinton , adding that " no one should be confused about America ’s commitment to Europe     not an autocrat in the Kremlin , not a presidential candidate on a Scottish golf course . " In acknowledging the Brexit , though , Clinton Clinton nodded to the populist , nationalistic fervor that forced the vote . While Clinton Clinton not comment on how that feeling may impact her Clinton against Trump , she Clinton pledge to address it during her race against Trump campaign . " Just as we have seen there are many frustrated people in Britain , we know we are frustrated people here at home , too . I have seen it , I ’ve heard it , it know it , it Clinton Clinton . " That is why I have worked hard to find solutions to the economic challenges we face . " Clinton Clinton acknowledging the fact that the group of mayors she Clinton addressing included Democrats and Republicans , did not mention Trump by name . But in building up the group the group of mayors she was addressing Clinton took on the Republican leader . Clinton Clinton the leaders actually have to do things for your constituents . " You ca n’t respond with a snarky tweet , " she Clinton to laughs . 
 