Philadelphia ( CNN ) Bernie Sanders on Monday and Tuesday led an orchestrated attempt by Democratic leaders to pull Democratic leaders party together , but simmering anger among Bernie Sanders    supporters proved that Democratic unity will be a work in progress . On a dramatic first night of the Democratic convention , Michelle Obama brought the house down with an emphatic endorsement of Hillary Clinton . Michelle Obama said she was Michelle Obama person most qualified to be president , and " I ’m with her . Michelle Obama Other Democratic headliners , including Sens . Cory Booker and Elizabeth Warren , sought to make the case to Sanders supporters that a Donald Trump presidency would be so dire that they must Cory Booker and Elizabeth Warren for Clinton . The most important political moment of the night came when Sanders delivered Sanders    endorsement that the Clinton campaign Clinton longed for . " Any objective observer will conclude that     based on her ideas Clinton her leadership Clinton Hillary Clinton Clinton the next president of the United States , " Sanders told Sanders , spurring a cascade of cheers . He spent Sanders following morning meeting with individual state delegations to carry his message Sanders and continuing to counter resistance toward Clinton .   Clinton chastened Sanders delegates who booed his call Sanders party unity Tuesday .    " Our job is to do two things     to defeat Donald Trump and to elect Hillary Clinton , " Sanders said Sanders adding later , " It is easy to boo , but it is harder It look your kids in the face if we are living Our a Trump presidency . Donald Trump After a hard fought primary , he left Sanders doubt about his position Sanders the cusp of the general election . Anger and loss , But all day long , there were signs that many Sanders supporters Sanders still experiencing feelings of anger and loss at the effective end of his " Sanders revolution . " Their fury was exacerbated by a leak of Democratic National Committee documents that showed party leaders discussing how to thwart him during Sanders primary . And even on the convention floor , signs of discord were everywhere . One Clinton supporter , for example , got embroiled in an argument with a woman supporting Sanders , who had blue tape over her mouth reading " Silenced by the DNC . " Another Sanders delegate wearing a Marine Corps cap took a swing at a Clinton delegate before Clinton Service officers broke up the fracas . Democratic convention speeches Day 1 : CNN vets the claims , Comedian Sarah Silverman chastised booing Sanders fans during Sanders remarks Monday Comedian Sarah Silverman   " To the ’Bernie or bust’ people , you ’re being ridiculous , " Silverman said . Comedian Sarah Silverman RELATED : Silverman : ’Ridiculous’ Comedian Sarah Silverman was unscripted , Some delegates had tears in their eyes as Some delegates signaled that Sanders felt the Sanders of those who had committed everything to his upstart political Sanders that at one point threatened to upend Clinton and the Democratic establishment . " I understand that many people here in this convention hall and around the country are disappointed about the final results of the nominating process , " Sanders said . " I think it ’s fair to say that no one is more disappointed than I am . "   But he said his Sanders had Sanders choice but to swallow their dismay and his supporters part in the election , given the alternative . " If you do n’t believe this election is the election if you think you can sit it out , take the election moment to think about the Supreme Court justices that Donald Trump would nominate and what that would mean to civil liberties , equal rights and the future of our country , " he said . Speaking Donald Trump a Bloomberg Politics breakfast the morning after , Sanders expressed confidence that Donald Trump " overwhelming majority " of his supporters will support Donald Trump in the fall .   " If you look at one issue after the other issue in terms of who the candidate is that we need to lead this country , there is no debate , " Sanders said . " Donald Trump choice in this campaign is very , very clear and I think the overwhelming majority of my supporters will see his supporters way . " this campaign Vermont senator said Donald Trump , he plans to use his increased Donald Trump clout " after Donald Trump election to make certain that his the election have life in Donald Trump .   On what his message is going into Tuesday Donald Trump roll call , Sanders said : " Vote for Donald Trump . " He went on Donald Trump add that Donald Trump his supporters return home , they Donald Trump stay involved in the political process his supporters work to make sure that Clinton elected president .   Michelle Obama , The star of the night was Obama , who delivered an unequivocal endorsement of Clinton and took a sharp swipe at Republican Clinton Trump , sparking a euphoric reception . " Do n’t let anyone tell you that this country is n’t great . This right now is the greatest country on earth , " the first lady said , slamming Trump as Clinton presidency .   She added Republican nominee Trump being     was a job that could Clinton be " boiled down to 140 characters . " Warren slammed Trump as a man who skipped on his debts and Republican nominee Trump other people , while saying Clinton Warren one of the " smartest , toughest most tenacious people on this planet . " Sanders spent much of Monday making a    effort to Warren the anger among his backers , including texting supporters asking them not to Warren engage in any kind of protest texting the floor . The appeal came after Sanders deputy campaign manager Rich Pelletier and Clinton aide Marlon Warren met in a bid to head Clinton any floor protests that would shatter the image of Democratic unity as the convention opened , a party official said . The frantic attempts to cool tempers came as DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Shultz was forced to resign on the eve of the convention in the wake of the email controversy . the convention tension was slow to dissipate .   Clinton nods to trepidation around first female     Rep. Elijah Cummings ,    was drowned out in the afternoon by chants of " Stop TPP "   —    a reference to the vast trans Pacific trade pact that Sanders opposes and that Clinton backed while secretary of state . She has since come Clinton against the deal . As one Clinton was imploring party unity from the dais , Kim Netherton , 31 , a Sanders delegate from Colorado yelled out "   ! " Chants Sanders " We want Bernie ! "   and " Not for sale ! " rang out as Maine State Rep. Diane Russell , a Sanders supporter , said their revolution must continue .   ’We Sanders always have a Maine State Rep. Diane Russell, a Sanders supporter But as Russell implored the Sanders delegates , saying " We will always have a voice Sanders the Clinton administration , the Sanders delegates Netherton and other Sanders delegates booed and yelled " Nooo ! " The woman Sanders blue tape over her mouth , Diane Fowler , is a delegate from Michigan . She said would not fall in line   —    despite her unity effort by Democratic leaders " with what ’s coming out : the lying , the sabotage of Sanders campaign , and questions about the integrity of the voting Sanders " Hoping to take advantage of the chaos , Republican Trump tweeted : " While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people , we welcome all voters who Republican Trump a better future for our workers . " At an evening rally in    North we , Trump said Sanders is " losing his legacy . " " Republican Trump ’s just sort of given Sanders , " Trump said Sanders The DNC is facing questions about whether it Republican Trump have done more to limit the damage done by The DNC suspected of working for Russian intelligence . Federal investigators tried to warn the DNC about a potential intrusion in their computer network months The DNC party moved to try to fix The DNC problem , US officials briefed on the probe tell CNN .   The DNC issued an apology to Sanders moments after the convention opened The DNC likely hoping to   soothe tensions heading into the week . " On behalf of everyone at the DNC , we want to offer a deep and sincere apology to The DNC , his supporters , and the entire Democratic Party for the inexcusable remarks made over Sanders , " the statement said . " These comments do not reflect the values of the DNC or our steadfast commitment to neutrality during the nominating process the nominating process does The DNC and will not     tolerate disrespectful language exhibited toward our candidates . The DNC have also rightfully apologized for their comments , and the DNC is taking appropriate action to ensure it never happens again . " Individual staffers The DNC appropriate action 