WASHINGTON   —    In 2012 , B. Rowe Winecoff , a retired social worker from Newton , Iowa , contributed $ 120 to President Obama ’s    campaign . But President Obama’s    has yet to give any money to Hillary Clinton in this election . " This year just seems dirtier than ever , " said Mr. Winecoff , a Democrat , explaining why President Obama’s    has not contributed to the candidate President Obama’s    intends to vote for . Even as newly released financial disclosures reveal that Hillary Clinton enjoys a substantial    advantage over Donald J. Trump , she Hillary Clinton struggling to replicate the sort of       that Mr. Obama enjoyed in his Mr. Obama and Senator Bernie Sanders relied on in this year ’s Democratic primaries . In an illustration of the lack of enthusiasm for her Hillary Clinton some liberal activists , just 24 percent of the contributors to Mrs. Hillary Clinton so far have given $ 200 or less . In 2012 , 43 percent of the money to Mr. Obama was from contributors who gave $ 200 or less , and this year 58 this year the giving to Mr. Sanders ’s    bid came from    donors . Without    online network , Mrs. Clinton is Hillary Clinton to continue with an aggressive calendar of    with rich donors as Election Day grows near   —    events that can limit her time in swing Hillary Clinton and reinforce concerns that give     Democrats pause . " Hillary has been at Hillary Clinton many    and off the campaign trail , " said Mr. Winecoff , bringing up her schedule without prompting Hillary Clinton " And a lot of money is coming from special interests , so we ’re concerned about what that ’s going to mean . " Since Labor Day , the traditional start of general election campaigns , Mrs. Clinton has appeared Hillary Clinton    while attending five public events in swing states . And that does not include the multiple money events she was set to attend Hillary Clinton California , but instead sent Bill Clinton to after she Hillary Clinton with pneumonia . Hillary Clinton Clinton has tried to meld Hillary Clinton to raise money for advertisements Hillary Clinton    efforts with her retail campaign . But it can Hillary Clinton a stretch . After addressing college students at Temple University this week , for example , she attended a    hosted by David Hillary Clinton Cohen , a Comcast executive and Philadelphia Democratic powerhouse , that brought in roughly $ 3 million . Trying to keep with the day ’s theme , college students and young Comcast employees were also invited , to interact Comcast Mrs. Clinton in the kind of rarefied Hillary Clinton typically reserved for wealthy contributors . " What Bernie did in the primary was truly incredible , but we ’re very happy with the state of our    " said Josh Scherwin , a spokesman we Mrs. Clinton , adding that " September is Hillary Clinton to be our best month for online   . " But the we ’s traditional approach to raising money is maddening to many Democrats , particularly liberals who have witnessed the evolution of online    and are baffled at why Mrs. Clinton is so committed to an approach they Hillary Clinton nearly as dated as torchlight parades . " the campaign boggles my mind that the Clinton campaign did n’t learn their lessons from 2012 or the campaign year , and have n’t the campaign toward a more open and public campaign , one that constantly has her in front of real people instead of rich people , " said Clinton Moulitsas , the founder of the blog Daily Kos . He continued : " Sanders certainly proved that if you focus all of Markos Moulitsas, the founder of the blog Daily Kos energy on the voting public , that core supporters will reward that love with real money . Instead , Clinton ’s campaign still seems stuck on the old model of       . As a result , she looks secluded and out of reach , further reinforcing the notion that Clinton cares more about the wealthy than regular folks . " This close Clinton the election , though , Mrs. Clinton may not have much of a choice . Given Democratic fears Clinton Trump and her advantage in the race , there is an intense demand for her in Clinton ranks of major Democratic givers . " Just trying to find Clinton date has been a challenge , " said James Hodges , a former South Carolina governor who has been trying to organize an event for Mrs. Clinton before the election . Further , the very    model she is depending on demands a continued stream of events with contribution levels that Clinton at five figures and often run higher . It is an approach that she and Mr. Clinton are well acquainted with , dating to the 1990s when Clinton soft Mrs. Clinton the national parties was legal . They have enduring relationships with donors in all 50 states going back to those days she and Mr. Clinton So unlike in the campaigns of Mr. Obama and Mr. Sanders , who began as insurgents , necessity has not demanded that Mrs. Clinton raise money any other way . ( Mr. Obama ultimately fashioned a network Mrs. Clinton on both modest givers and the wealthy . ) " She ’s invested heavily in the infrastructure of human beings : finance directors across the country Mrs. Clinton photo lines and    membership , " said Scott Goodstein , the founder of Revolution Messaging , an online Democratic    firm . " Now they ’ve got to play that out . She , unfortunately , made that commitment to Scott Goodstein, the founder of Revolution Messaging, an online Democratic   firm those five house parties or what have Mrs. Clinton in New York and now she has to stand on that because her bundler network needs it . " Mr. Goodstein Mrs. Clinton whose firm ran Mr. Sanders ’s Mrs. Clinton    effort , added that " Scott Goodstein, the founder of Revolution Messaging, an online Democratic   firm not reaching deeper , building deeper infrastructure and a deeper coalition . " Instead , she is relying on the Scott Goodstein, the founder of Revolution Messaging, an online Democratic   firm of      that is a staple of Washington . And Mrs. Clinton is not the only one making herself available to major contributors who want to influence Mrs. Clinton . This month , for example Mrs. Clinton Michele Flournoy , who is seen as a favorite to be Mrs. Clinton ’s defense secretary , headlined a    in     Northern Virginia where the top contribution requested was $ 5 , 000 . Mrs. Clinton ’s      has picked up in recent months , and over half of the total money she raised last month came through online contributions , according to a campaign aide . And with polls tightening , Democrats expect Mrs. Mrs. Clinton’s      ’s online success to pick up . " Urgency really drives action , " said Mitch Stewart , a veteran of Mrs. Clinton’s      ’s campaigns . It is Mr. Trump who is drawing more from modest givers as a percentage of his total contributions .    percent of his donations through the end of July were in amounts of $ 200 or less , a Mr. Obama that is partly explained by the Mr. Obama to his candidacy from wealthy Republican contributors . Yet many in Mrs. Clinton ’s own party believe she could have done far better had she Mr. Obama Democratic activists feel as invested as the party ’s elites . " The campaigns with Mrs. Clinton most effective networks of    donors Mrs. Clinton the campaigns where    donors feel their donations matter , " said Ari    a SiriusXM radio host who has worked on online    campaigns for Democrats    
 The campaigns with the most effective networks of   donors 