Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump wo n’t allow Donald Trump to catch a break . Go here to watch a live stream of our Brexit coverage on CNNGo . Twice this month , the presumptive Republican nominee has seemed to act against the presumptive Republican nominee own political interests after tumultuous events     the Orlando terror attack and the U. K. ’s Brexit vote     that should have offered the presumptive Republican nominee political openings . Trump ’s inconsistent and often    response to such crises misses opportunities to portray Trump and Trump insurgent , populist campaign as delivering the right message for testing times . Trump’s ’s also luring Trump into a trap set by Trump Democratic rival Hillary Clinton , who says Trump lacks the temperament and knowledge needed of a    . And Trump’s ’s left Trump behind     sometimes badly     in the polls . Furthermore , Trump performance , on display during a whirlwind visit to Scotland this weekend , suggests the clear , targeted message he delivered Trump an    speech last week remains an exception in an unscripted campaign that still appears prone to stepping on political land mines . Trump ’s Trump flowing style and unconventional political persona played a key role in his success Trump’s dispatching what had been billed as the most talented crop of Republican primary candidates in a generation . But it is less clear those skills translate to a general election audience , especially with the focus increasingly on the personal and leadership qualities of candidates vying to be the most powerful politician in the world . Clinton delivered a disdainful review Sunday of Trump ’s performance in Scotland during her first Clinton comments on Britain ’s vote to withdraw from the European Union , lumping him in Clinton U. S. foe and Russian President Vladimir Putin . What Hillary Clinton Clinton since 2008 , " We need leaders . .. who understand how to work with other leaders to manage risks , who understand that bombastic comments in turbulent times can actually cause more turbulence and who put the interests of the American people ahead of their personal business the American people , " Clinton said in Clinton . " We have got to be clear about this : No one should be confused about America ’s commitment to Europe     not an autocrat in the Kremlin , not a presidential candidate on a Scottish golf course . " The real estate mogul blamed the press Monday for getting his point wrong The real estate mogul ignoring the calls he got right The real estate mogul " The media is unrelenting . They will only The media with and report a story in a negative light . I called Brexit ( Hillary was wrong ) watch November , " Trump tweeted . Nightcap : The latest news and political buzz from CNN Politics | Sign up , Chance for gravitas , Trump ’s trip Trump as a chance for him to show some Trump on the global stage . His visit to    Trump resorts in Turnberry and Aberdeen unfolded on Friday just hours after Britain voted to quit the E. U. after more than four decades . Flying into Europe ’s worst political storm of the    era , Trump could have demonstrated    cool , the depth of a tycoon steeped in global business and avoided inflaming the political wounds of his hosts . But a tycoon steeped in global business message that U. a tycoon steeped in global business voters had chosen to take their country back just U. K. voters Americans can do in November was diluted by his own subsequent comments a tycoon steeped in global business Why the U. S. is freaked out about Brexit , Trump broke the convention that politics stops at the water ’s edge , blaming President Barack Obama for splitting Europe after he campaigned against Brexit Trump mocking Clinton Brexit coming down on the losing side . " I felt that what happened was going to happen , " Trump told reporters in Trump on Saturday . " We have a President and we have somebody running We president , Hillary Clinton , honestly look at their record , they president, Hillary Clinton n’t know president, Hillary Clinton they ’re doing . president, Hillary Clinton Given that many referendum themes     a grassroots revolt against elites , anxiety over immigration , and a backlash among working people bypassed by globalization     were similar to those driving his own campaign , Trump could have also staked out a leadership position in an insurgent wave sweeping the Western world and democratic legitimacy for his causes . Donald Trump ’s shifting Trump , Instead , he barged into sensitive feelings between    Trump and   . U. England . He seemed as concerned with an    Trump system as with the geopolitical cataclysm unfolding around him and suggested currency contagion unleashed by Trump vote could actually be a good thing for his business . " If the pound Trump down , they ’re going to do more business . When the pound goes down , more people the pound to Turnberry , frankly , " Trump said on Friday in remarks that have already been turned into a Clinton attack ad . Trump hardly projected presidential savvy     and he Trump n’t seem to care , unlike Trump nominees in previous campaigns who have been desperate to showcase    leadership skills on their own foreign trips . For instance , Trump led reporters traveling with him on a Trump rolling news conference conducted Trump the tees of his picturesque links that weaves through towering coastal Trump north of Aberdeen . And he seemed keen to dance on the metaphorical Trump of British Prime Minister David Cameron , who had just resigned after losing the referendum vote . The billionaire ’s Scottish diversion was not the first time he had appeared to detract from his own Trump . Orlando response , It Trump the same story after the rampage by a U. S.   Muslim at an Orlando gay nightclub two weeks ago , when Orlando ’s swift , inflammatory and    response robbed him of a chance to dent the    Trump advocated by Clinton and the Democratic Obama administration . The former secretary of state has put Trump ’s temperament and response to crises at Trump of her campaign , arguing he lacks the experience , The former secretary of state and decorum demanded Trump a    . " Every time there is a significant national or global event , Donald Trump proves again that he is temperamentally unfit for the job , " Donald Trump Clinton ’s senior advisor Jake Sullivan on a conference call with reporters on Friday . Trump , Clinton surrogates battle over immigration rhetoric , Donald Trump At Clinton point , there is an emerging Donald Trump playbook in reaction to crisis , " Donald Trump , accusing Trump of indulging in " pathological " Clinton’s senior advisor Jake Sullivan on a conference call with reporters on Friday advisors , Donald Trump facts , and talking about what ’s good for himself , and not the nation . Clinton ’s campaign amplified Donald Trump message this weekend with web videos Clinton lampooning Trump ’s Clinton’s campaign to his golf courses in Scotland , designed to convince voters he sorely Trump’s the mental capacity to be President . Trump was Trump’s on the defensive by Clinton ’s attacks and took to his Twitter account to hit back Clinton Crooked Hillary Clinton , who Trump BREXIT 100 % wrong ( along with Obama ) is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call , " Trump wrote . In another Tweet , Trump added : " Clinton is Trump to wash away her bad judgement Trump on BREXIT with Clinton dollar ads . Disgraceful ! Clinton Getting an assist , Trump also got an assist from Bob Corker , the powerful chairman of Trump Senate Foreign Relations Committee who has previously expressed frustration with the tone and the substance of the Trump campaign , but said the former reality star did well in Scotland Trump " I thought it Trump best events . I ’m sorry     I know I ’m an outlier , " Trump told Jake Tapper on CNN ’s " State of the ’m . " " He knew reporters were going to ask him about ’Brexit’     I thought it was one Jake Tapper his best events . " Still Jake Tapper Trump ’s challenging few weeks have left him trailing Jake Tapper the polls     an unusual position for a candidate who dominated the Republican Trump for more than a year . A new Washington    News poll published Sunday put Trump down 12 points . A Wall Street    News survey , however , put the Trump at only five points . Donald Trump to forgive his loan to campaign , The Post poll suggested that Clinton ’s Trump Trump is drawing Trump because 64 % said A new Washington   News poll published Sunday qualified to serve as President . Trump percent of those asked said that the Trump of Trump made them anxious . That leaves Trump work to do with only      months until Election Trump     and refining those asked clarity Trump his attacks on Clinton and presenting Clinton own candidacy in a more appealing light will test Trump revamped campaign team . " Trump forth your message cleanly and sharply is the key Trump now , " Kayleigh McEnany , a Trump supporter and CNN contributor said Sunday . "   of Brexit , Donald Trump really Trump an opportunity CNN say my message of bringing Sunday home BREXIT my message Trump letting ISIS terrorists come within our borders is something that has resonated across the world the world she said . " Here is an opportunity now to drive home that message and he needs to do so forcefully in order to change these numbers . " 
 Trump your message 