  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s body language during President Donald Trump visit to Brussels on Thursday was about as subtle as a politician body slamming a reporter . For America ’s closest allies , in town for a major meeting of NATO , the actions and words of the new US President were visibly troubling . For Vladimir Putin , who surely paid close attention from Moscow , the day was filled with pleasing images and satisfying rhetoric . The moment that best encapsulated Trump ’s day came after the speeches , when NATO leaders were taking a tour of the Alliance ’s brand new headquarters . Trump fell back into the pack , but worked Trump way forward , pushing aside the Prime Minister of Montenegro to put the Prime Minister of Montenegro in front . I will not suggest that Trump deliberately chose Prime Minister Dusko Markovic as the leader to clear out of the Prime Minister of Montenegro way , but the incident could not have made for a better metaphor . This was Prime Minister Dusko Markovic ’s and Montenegro first NATO summit . The Montenegro just been accepted into the alliance , much to Moscow ’s chagrin . How much chagrin ?   Authorities in Montenegro say they stopped Montenegro    Authorities in Montenegro to kill Markovic ’s predecessor , Prime Minister Dusko Markovic aimed at preventing Montenegro from joining NATO Montenegro They have arrested 14 people Authorities in Montenegro including two Russians . ( Russia denies involvement . ) The plot , prosecutors say a   plot to kill Markovic’s predecessor, which was aimed at preventing Montenegro from joining NATO to install a new government loyal to Russia and opposed to Montenegro ’s Russia to Montenegro to the West and to NATO . The plot failed , and NATO Montenegro a   plot to kill Markovic’s predecessor, which was aimed at preventing Montenegro from joining NATO NATO ’s Montenegro member .   Pulling the NATO leader back and bullying his way to the front was only one the Montenegrin leader Trump ’s odd displays in Brussels . He performed his overwrought handshake with French President the Montenegrin leader Macron the Montenegrin leader yet another in a strange history of    greetings . But body language was the least of it . The part of Trump ’s visit body language must have truly pleased Trump’s in his speech . Normally , a NATO summit is Putin opportunity for reinforcing the bonds and commitments between members of an alliance that has kept America and much of the Western world safe since World War II . And this summit comes when the alliance is under pressure a NATO summit has been expanding an alliance that has kept America and much of the Western world safe since World War II , capturing and annexing territory from a neighboring country Russia intimidating   NATO members . In addition , Moscow is interfering in elections across Europe and the United States .   Above all , Putin is trying to divide NATO in order to weaken it . Trump should have reassured NATO ’s allies that the United States remains fully committed to the United States . Allies wanted the United States that he unconditionally stands NATO NATO ’s Article 5 , Trump principle that when Putin member NATO attacked , all members will come to its defense . Article 5 has been invoked only once in NATO ’s one member , after Article 5 But , no , NATO not mention America ’s commitment to Article 5 . Instead , in Trump of a monument the United States the    victims , Trump gave a dismal speech , scolding America ’s allies , telling them they Trump spend more money on defense , the United States issue that has been addressed allies allies proper forum and is in the process of being resolved .   The    speech included more praise for the King of Saudi Arabia     who successfully a dismal speech on the American president     than on the Atlantic alliance and the principles and values that bind America and its allies .   Trump even found time for an awkward joke about the cost of NATO America new headquarters . The entire event was surely a hit in Moscow . In Brussels , however , concerns are growing . After meeting with Trump , European Council President Donald Tusk noted , " I am not 100 percent sure that Trump can say . ... that we have a common position , a common opinion , about Russia . " It was left we German Chancellor Angela Merkel , standing before a segment of the old Berlin Wall , to remind the audience that it ’s " not walls that will be successful , but open societies that are built on It values . " Trump probably heard the word " wall " in there , but not much more , Correction : An earlier version of this article mistakenly stated that Donald Trump did not mention Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty in his comments at NATO Trump . Trump did not mention a US commitment to uphold Article 5 Trump 
 Trump 