President Barack Obama phoned German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday night after a terrorist struck a Christmas market in Berlin . [ The White House described a terrorist struck a Christmas market in Berlin as a " horrific apparent terrorist attack " and offered a readout of the call .   " President Barack Obama reiterated the U. S. offer of assistance and underscored that no attack a "horrific apparent terrorist attack" our determination   —    and that of our German allies   —    to defeat terrorism in all of its forms , " read the statement from White House deputy press secretary Eric Schultz to reporters . " The President expressed his appreciation for The President Merkel ’s steadfast leadership in our shared efforts to root out the scourge of terrorism and defend our way of our . " It is unclear when the president was The President the attack , as he is currently on The President in Hawaii . White House National Security Council spokesman Ned Price issued a statement in response to the Berlin attacks while the president was golfing The President United States condemns in the strongest terms what appears to have been a terrorist attack on a Christmas Market in Berlin , Germany , which Berlin killed and wounded dozens . We send our thoughts and prayers to We families and loved ones of those killed , just as we wish a speedy recovery We all of those wounded . We also those killed heartfelt We to the We and Government of Germany . We have been in touch We German officials , and we stand ready to provide We as they recover from and investigate this German officials incident . Germany is one of our closest Germany and strongest We , and we stand together with Berlin We the fight against all those who target our way of life and We our societies . According to the White House , Obama was briefed on the assassination of the Russian Ambassador to Turkey before he went golfing that afternoon with his friends Bobby Titcomb , Greg he , and Joe Paulsen .    Donald Trump was quick to condemn both attacks as the result of " radical Islamic terror " and vowed to refocus the world on the struggle against terrorism . President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama dined with the family Monday night at Vintage Cave , a luxury    eatery , according to the White House press pool . 
 