CLEVELAND   —    The tensest exchange yet between the police and protesters at the Republican National Convention unfolded Wednesday afternoon with officers arresting several people after some of officers arresting several people tried to burn a United States flag near the site of the Republican National Convention . Just before 4 p. m. demonstrators spread word that someone would be burning a flag near the entrance to the Quicken Loans Arena , where the the Republican National Convention being held . Soon after , a group of people , some claiming to be members of the Revolutionary Communist Party , USA . came to the area with a flag and someone began to light it on a flag , several witnesses said . As the flag a flag to singe , the police called out for assistance and officers swarmed through the area on foot , on bicycle and on horses . One officer clutched the flag while others a flag demonstrators . Nearby , officers on bicycles and horses pushed the crowd back and tried to calm the scene . Matt Harkins , 22 , a reporter for WVBR , a    radio station at Cornell University , who witnessed the first moments of the encounter , said the flag was " singeing a flag He added that soon after a One officer filled the air . " I almost passed out , " Mr. Harkins , of Erie , Pa. said . " It was putrid . It smelled sour . " Later It officers shouted " move , move , move " while using their bicycles to push back people officers the crowd and form a barrier around those getting arrested . Minutes after the arrests , the Cleveland Police Department said in a Twitter message , " Firefighters extinguished and took the flag that protesters attempted to destroy . " The department said two officers were the Cleveland Police Department suffered minor injuries . Those who were arrested were wearing black two officers orange lettering that read , " Revolution nothing less ! " As they were led away in handcuffs . s Calvin D. two officers , the chief of the Cleveland Police Department , said on the Cleveland Police Department 18 people were arrested and that two had been charged with felonies and 15 with misdemeanors . The charges included failure to disperse , inciting violence and assault . The two police officers had " minor bumps and bruises , " the chief said . Burning a flag is permitted by law , Chief Calvin D. Williams, the chief of the Cleveland Police Department , and the officers intervened with fire extinguishers because the person Calvin D. Williams, the chief of the Cleveland Police Department fire to the flag The two police officers himself on fire " and then , while trying to fend off a flag , Calvin D. Williams, the chief of the Cleveland Police Department got a couple of other people lit on fire . " Chief Williams said that he did not know of anyone who had been treated for Calvin D. Williams, the chief of the Cleveland Police Department Calvin D. Williams, the chief of the Cleveland Police Department arrests followed Calvin D. Williams, the chief of the Cleveland Police Department mostly peaceful day of protests , with police standing nearby but not interfering much with the demonstrations . In the morning , Code Pink , an antiwar group led by women , staged a " beauty pageant " to voice their opposition to Mr. Trump ’s candidacy and accuse him of unfairly stereotyping various groups . Later , women coalition of groups built a " wall " Mr. Trump’s of posters around the entrance of the Quicken Loans Arena to criticize Mr. Trump ’s plan to build a wall across the border with Mexico . Activists , who locked Mr. Trump’s a long line , shouted " wall off Trump , " " undocumented , unafraid " and " there ai n’t no debate , Trump equals hate . " 
 Mr. Trump’s 