It ’s the heavy campaign season , and candidates   —    the Republicans , anyway   —    are keen to show candidates   care about the Bible as much as , if not more than , any other American . Republican frontrunner Donald Trump was criticized over Republican frontrunner Donald Trump reference to " Two Corinthians , " as well as Republican frontrunner Donald Trump professed favorite verse , a passage from Proverbs about envy . [ Here ’s a good political verse   —    1 Kings 20:11 : " And the king of Israel answered and said , Tell the king of Israel , Let not the king of Israel that girdeth on the king of Israel harness boast the king of Israel as the king of Israel that putteth it off . " In other words : do n’t boast as if you have already won something . That message , delivered from King Ahab to the evil Aramean king    is one of the best " trash talk " lines in the entire Bible , and one of the only positive contributions of one of the entire Bible ’s most wicked kings .   Aside from crisp rebukes like that , the Book of Kings contains many stories about leadership   —    and leadership failures . There are 40 kings in all , most of them 40 kings . But ten , including some perhaps unfamiliar ones , stand out . 1 . David   —    The builder of empire and composer of Psalms , David David  —    Jerusalem as his David  —    and unified the tribes . Despite grave sins , including adultery and murder , he is remembered as the best king because he he quick to acknowledge guilt and repent . He he the Lord with a " complete heart , " never doubting His he . 2 . Hezekiah   —    The greatest king of Judah   —    the southern kingdom   —    withstood a siege by an Assyrian army that had just exiled the northern kingdom of Israel . He Hezekiah  —   The greatest king of Judah  —   the southern kingdom  —    on   faith to withstand the enemy , and turned to God again when he Hezekiah  —   The greatest king of Judah  —   the southern kingdom  —    gravely ill   —    though he Hezekiah  —   The greatest king of Judah  —   the southern kingdom  —    by showing Babylonian emissaries the Temple , which they Babylonian later plunder . 3 . Jehoshaphat   —    A Judean king obsessed with repairing relations with Israel , Jehoshaphat ’s record in war and trade was mixed . However , he Jehoshaphat an ambitious program of domestic reform , removing most idolatry and sending teachers throughout the land . Not content with reforming the provinces , he Jehoshaphat up corruption in Jerusalem , too . 4 . Josiah   —    The last good king of Judah , Josiah launches the most ambitious reform in centuries after    the warnings of Deuteronomy that the price of disobeying God will be exile . For his Jehoshaphat , he Jehoshaphat spared personally from having to witness the destruction of the Judean kingdom   —    though he Jehoshaphat meets a violent end at war . 5 . Jotham   —    The only king entirely free of sin , Jotham takes over his Jotham Uzziah ’s responsibilities ( see below ) and notches several military successes . His his father Uzziah Ahaz , however , goes on to be the worst king of Judah . 6 . Uzziah   —    The longest reign   —    over five decades   —    belongs to Uzziah , who set an example of moral leadership and improved the kingdom ’s defenses . However , he oversteps the bounds of his he   —    violating an early version of the separation of powers   —    by trying to usurp the priests’ role in the Temple , and is struck with a form of leprosy . 7 . Solomon   —    Traditionally thought of as one of the greatest of kings , Solomon Solomon  —    early achievements , including the building of the Holy Temple , are almost negated by his Solomon  —    sins . Though wise , he Solomon  —    his Solomon  —    with hundreds of wives and concubines , some of whom are foreign and eventually lead him Solomon  —    into idolatry . 8 . Asa   —    He Solomon  —    generations of    decline , and rids the kingdom   —    including his Solomon  —    family   —    of idolatry . However , he Solomon  —    a bad precedent by bribing a foreign leader to attack Israel , and turns away from God . 9 . Jehoash   —    After surviving the attempt by wicked Queen Athaliah to kill every last member of the Davidic line , Jehoash is installed by the priests as king in a daring coup . He Jehoash the kingdom , particularly the system of financial contributions for maintaining the Temple . Later , however , he Jehoash the the Temple murdering a priest . 10 . Amaziah   —    Another miraculous survivor after the assassination of his Jehoash , Amaziah has Amaziah  —    fight to consolidate his power Amaziah  —    and then to defend the kingdom . Initial success in war , however , leads him Jehoash a brazen path   —    from murdering a captured enemy army to an    attack on Israel that results in the sacking of Jerusalem . 
 