March 27 , 2017 , A new leader is chosen in Hong Kong    but not without controversy . A Republican effort to replace Obamacare falls short in the House . Another moon race may be getting off the ground . And a CNN Hero gives children a refuge from violence in Chicago . It ’s all covered today on CNN 10 . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Welcome to a new week and its first edition of CNN 10 .   I ’m Carl Azuz , explaining new subjects from around the world , and that includes what happened yesterday in Hong Kong .    An election committee chose the region ’s first female leader , a former chief secretary named Carrie Lam .   She An election committee 777 of the 1 , 063 votes that were cast and she An election committee the first thing she An election committee do is repair Hong Kong ’s divided society so the people there can move forward together .    Hong Hong Kong a special administrative region of China .   It ’s Hong Kong independent .   So , elections like this can come with controversy .    For one thing , even though the committee that chose Lam is described as broadly representative of the people , most of the committee members are believed to follow what China wants China the region a special administrative region of China critics say China favored Lam China Hong Lam ’s leader , though , opinion polls showed another candidate named John Tsang was more popular with Hong Kong residents .   That ’s according to a University of Hong Kong professor Hong Kong A protester described the vote as a selection , rather than an election .    Lam says she Lam work Lam everyone to make a better Hong Kong . ( Hong Kong ) SUBTITLE :   Hong Kong   China : Hong Kong Systems . IVA WATSON , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   Hong Kong and mainland China , one country Hong Kong very different China    Hong Kong runs its own finances , education , Hong Kong and judiciary Hong Kong and people in the city enjoy basic rights like freedom of expression and Hong Kong the press     rights that people in communist mainland China do not have . Before the U. K. handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997 , it worked out Hong Kong that allowed Hong Kongers China of the rights the U. K. handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997 enjoyed as British subjects for 50 years after the hand over . Hong Kongers The term " one country , two systems " is the crux of Hong Kong ’s de facto constitution , known as The Basic Law Hong Kong It ’s supposed to guarantee the city a high degree of autonomy from China the crux of Hong Kong’s de facto constitution, known as The Basic Law   But there Hong Kong concern that China is not honoring the deal . In 2014 , Hong Kong saw its largest China in decades .   Mass protests over how Hong Kong ’s top Hong Kong is elected .   Activists say the Basic Law allows Hong Kong right to develop their own democracy and to hold free elections The Basic Law Beijing insists it has complete jurisdiction over Hong Kong Activists must    all candidates who stand for the top posts . ( Beijing VIDEOTAPE Hong Kong :   In the U. S. Capitol on Friday , House Speaker Paul Ryan said , quote , " We are going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future . "   A Republican plan to repeal and replace the law did n’t look like it was going to get enough votes in the House to pass and it was pulled from the House floor on the law . Republicans controlled the House of Representatives House seats to Democrats 194 seats .   But all Democrats opposed Friday Republican health care plan and some Republicans opposed it , too , saying it did n’t go far enough to eliminate Obamacare .   That contributed to Speaker Ryan ’s the Republican health care plan not to hold the the Republican health care plan . President Donald Trump , who supported the bill , blamed the Democratic opposition and said that Obamacare would , quote , " explode on its own . "   Senate Majority Leader Charles Schumer said the president never Obamacare to reach out to Democrats and that Obamacare blame falls with him and the Republicans .   The Senate Majority Leader Charles Schumer says the president would continue trying to get Obamacare repealed and that his next Senate Majority Leader Charles Schumer legislative priority is tax reform . ( BEGIN VIDEO Senate Majority Leader Charles Schumer AZUZ ( ):     Obamacare : The last manned mission Senate Majority Leader Charles Schumer the moon was completed in what year ? 1969 , 1972 , 1998 , or 2001 ? In 1972 , the Apollo 17 mission to the moon was completed .   It was the last time humans traveled beyond    orbit . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ : the moon all , six missions were the Apollo 17 mission to the moon in landing humans on the moon and bringing them back home .   First person pictures , scientific measurements , samples gathered of lunar soil , all of these the moon done for the six missions time in the early 1970s .    Are people headed to the moon again ?    President Trump recently signed a bill worth $ 19 . 5 billion in funding for NASA .   It ’s working the moon jumbo rocket called    space launch system , while private company SpaceX is developing a rocket called the Falcon Heavy .   Another company named Blue Origin is looking skyward and China is eyeing a manned mission to the dark side of the moon .   Some have called this the dawn of a new moon race , while others say setting dates and goals is one thing , the moon out is another entirely . Still , the moon , our closest natural satellite , seems to hold a pull for scientists that ’s more than gravitational others ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) JENNIFER GRAY , CNN METEOROLOGIST :   Many of the moon ’s nicknames date back to the early Native Americans .   They named each full moon in every month to help them keep track of their planting and harvesting schedule . SUBTITLE : What ’s in a moon ’s the early Native Americans ? GRAY :   The full name in April the early Native Americans known as the the early Native Americans Moon , signaling the first appearance of the wild ground phlox , one of the earliest spring flowers .    When you have two full moons in a calendar month , the second one is called the Blue Moon .    One of the more notable moons , the Harvest Moon in October , also known as the Hunter ’s Moon or the Blood the Pink Moon This is when the leaves are falling off the trees and he animals are fat .   So , this signaled to tribes the Pink Moon was time to the Pink Moon all they could to get them to that long winter . And another the leaves to note is that the moon does not appear pink during the Pink Moon , red during tribes Blood Moon , tribes blue during the Blue Moon .   The only thing that can really alter the way we see the moon is if there ’s a lot of dust , haze , ash or smoke in the atmosphere , the moon can sometimes have an orange or red glow the moon END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   In some areas of Chicago , Illinois , gang violence , gang violence the moon by the hundreds take place every month and children are often caught in the crossfire .   A member of the Chicago police department had had enough of it .   She took action to create Future Ties .   It ’s a nonprofit afterschool and summer program that provides a safe space to children from kindergarten to the fifth A member of the Chicago police department , and A member of the Chicago police department ’s a reason why she ’s a CNN A member of the Chicago police department . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) JENNIFER MADDOX , CNN HERO :   We are in a state of emergency here in the A member of the Chicago police department of Chicago . A A member of the Chicago police department of our young people are fearful to even come outside .    CNN shooting , the CNN .   Five , six ,    .   They ’re losing people that they love and care about .    UNIDENTIFIED GIRL :   My godbrother .    UNIDENTIFIED BOY :   My cousin . UNIDENTIFIED GIRL      My uncle . UNIDENTIFIED BOY : They My brother . MADDOX :   It ’s very unfair for kids not to be able to enjoy their childhood . I ’m a law enforcement officer , but I ’m also a mother and a member of this community .   We ca n’t arrest our way out of kids .   Once I saw that there was another side to policing , I thought that I could do more . Even though we are right in We trenches , our center offers an escape for the young people .   They know once they walk through those doors that they ’re safe . We We sure that the kids have healthy We meals .   They get help with their homework . the young people .   the young people , what do you do the young people the one ? We mentor them . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   What do we have the kids do ? KIDS the kids   Think before we act ! UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   That ’s right . MADDOX We   the kids want to make sure that they make We choices when it comes to violence .   How We you doing today ? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   She helped MADDOX:   the world than We I actually know it as the world Probably one of the best things that this neighborhood really has is her . MADDOX :   Good job . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:   am very proud to be one of the bridges to connect police and community .   We have to learn to trust one another .   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:   want MADDOX:   make the best out of their lives .   I look at their faces every day and there ’s hope . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   In Dubai , United Arab Emirates , the police force recently won a Guinness the children (END VIDEOTAPE) efforts to reach out to the children community .   They ’re doing that one Ferrari , one Lamborghini , one Bentley at a time .   Dubai has the world ’s fastest police car in service , a Bugatti AZUZ:   .   It ’s one of a    fleet the children vehicles nobody can outrun or afford .   But they ’re not so much used to Dubai down suspects as they are to encourage tourists to interact with police . Even with nothing to Ferrari from the cars , most communities would n’t be too police with the maintenance the children   Bugatti have a lot of money to keep those the children .   You ’d need a slick $ 20 , 000 for an oil change , you ’d burn $ 40 , 000 on tires .   For departments on a budget , you ’re Aston too much .   There ’s just no Bentley way to make ends fleet . I ’m    Azuz .    Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers CNN the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories CNN international significance and then clearly describe why CNN 10 making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 