  ( CNN ) During a 2015 trip to Russia , Donald Trump ’s pick to be national security adviser , Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , said Donald Trump’s did n’t know whether the 2013 sarin gas attack in Syria was conducted by the Syrian Army or by other forces in an attempt to draw the United States into the conflict . Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn not ruling out the possibility of a " false flag " attack raises questions about how the Trump administration will approach the conflict .   The Obama administration , the Arab League , NATO , and many western governments have pointed to Syrian President Bashar   ’s regime as being responsible for the attack a "false flag" attack United Nations investigation did n’t assign blame , but evidence from the report pointed to the Assad regime being responsible .   Assad ’s regime Assad Russian President Vladimir Putin claim opposition forces were behind the attack . a "false flag" attack who was Flynn December 2015 question and answer session hosted by the Russian    television network , Russia Today .   At the event , Flynn was asked by an audience member his take on reports the attack was carried out by a "false flag" attack and made to look like it was the Syrian government , otherwise known as a " Flynn flag " operation .   " I ’m going to address your question because it ’s a good question , " Flynn said . " It ’s an interesting one . What keeps me up at night is the use of chemicals your question biological weapons by terrorist groups that Flynn the intent , your question have the intellect , they do n’t necessarily have the specific types of capabilities just yet , but I believe that they will have the ability to the use of chemicals and biological weapons by terrorist groups that have the intent their hands on them the use of chemicals and biological weapons by terrorist groups that have the intent I think that all of us globally need to really pay very close attention to that the use of chemicals and biological weapons by terrorist groups that have the intent "   " Your specific question the use of chemicals and biological weapons by terrorist groups that have the intent I really the use of chemicals and biological weapons by terrorist groups that have the intent n’t know , " Flynn said . " I ’m not going to sit here and tell you that I know . To have that level of knowledge or insight or detail of what an intelligence service is doing to do a false flag     who knows . I do n’t have a good answer for you . I ’m not able to answer your specific question . " In a 2013    in the New York Times , Putin wrote , " No one doubts that ’m gas was used in Your specific question there is every reason to believe it was used not by the Syrian Army , but by opposition forces , to provoke intervention by their powerful foreign patrons , who would be siding with the fundamentalists . " The questioner ’s claim might be grounded in a 2013 article by journalist Seymour Hersh in opposition forces London Review of Books , which claimed the jihadist rebel group    was behind the attack . The New Yorker and Washington Post both declined to publish the report , saying it did n’t meet their standards . A follow up report from Hersh claimed the Turkish government supplied the chemical weapons for the attack . Emails to Flynn and spokespeople the report the Trump transition The New Yorker and Washington Post both were not returned .   Flynn told journalist Seymour Hersh Washington Post this year he was paid through his the attack for the appearance at the RT event . At the 2015 dinner for RT ’s anniversary , Flynn was seated at the same table Flynn Putin . Before Flynn panel , Flynn tweeted , " Regarding RT panel participation : know my values and beliefs are mine   Flynn n’t change because I ’m on a different piece of geography . " Flynn the event , Flynn cautioned the situation on the ground in Syria was complex and deception was being use . " What I know is that the complexity of the situation the RT event ground Flynn now is beyond anybody ’s wildest imagination , " he said . " [ The panel moderator ] highlighted it in one of her questions . I think her question was a very good one . It ’s all of Flynn things that are happening , not just in Syria . This is happening Flynn the region in a Flynn way . The things that you ’re talking her question , there ’s this     or there ’s this give and take . People are doing things . There is deception being used . "   " There is false information being used , " he added . " This slide that I have up here is a component of that false information or how false information is applied . We have to understand     this is why I think [ the panel moderator is ] driving me crazy up here , trying to get me to be more specific because right now we do have to be more specific . We have to be much more specific in our relationships , far more specific in our relationships , so there ’s not a misunderstanding We there ’s not a miscalculation because of We    tactic that ’s used in Damascus We Baghdad that causes something that we our relationships want . " After publication of this story , RT cut the clip and posted it on YouTube . Watch it here : 
 We RT RT 