  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s running mate , Mike Pence , said Saturday Donald Trump plans to release Donald Trump tax returns before Election Day , even as the GOP nominee has continued to resist calls to release Donald Trump own tax returns . " When my tax returns are released , my tax returns ’s going to be a quick read , " Pence said Saturday in an interview on WABC Radio , adding that Donald Trump is also in the process of completing Donald Trump financial disclosure forms as required under federal law . Pence spokesman Marc Lotter confirmed to CNN on Saturday that Pence plans to release Pence spokesman Marc Lotter tax returns before Election Day . " Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said in that interview that it would happen before the election , " Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said when asked for a timeline on the release of Pence ’s tax returns . Pence ’s decision comes one day after Hillary Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee , and Hillary Clinton running mate Tim Kaine released Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, and her running mate Tim Kaine tax returns to the public . Hillary Clinton on Friday released tax returns dating back to 1977 and her running mate Tim Kaine released ten years of tax returns , giving voters insight into voters annual income , charitable contributions and tax rate . Trump , meanwhile , has said that Trump will not release Trump tax returns while they are under audit by the IRS , though there is no law prohibiting Trump from doing so . Trump ’s tax returns going back to 2009 are under audit , according to Trump tax attorneys , making it highly unlikely Trump will release Trump tax returns from recent years before voters head to the polls in November . " I think Trump ’s made it very clear , Trump ’s going through an audit at this time and will release the taxes when an audit is complete , " Pence told WABC . But the Clinton campaign is continuing to ramp up the pressure . " Every president since Richard Nixon , and including Nixon     now Trump was not known for the most elevated ethical standards , " Trump said Saturday at a campaign organizing event in Manchester , New Hampshire . " But I will say , even Nixon     his tax returns Nixon     the public when he was running Nixon     president . Because , he said     Nixon     has every major party nominee of both parties since     the American public have a right to see my tax returns . " Trump would be the first major party nominee since 1976 not to release his tax returns Trump 
 