LOS ANGELES   —    Law enforcement officials gathered with local Muslim leaders at the Islamic Center of Southern California to respond to threatening letters that had been sent to several mosques in the state . [ The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) could not , however , confirm that letters that had been sent to several mosques in the state actually came from outside the community , or that they letters that had been sent to several mosques in the state not a prank . And the Los Angeles Police Department said that the letters that had been sent to several mosques in the state being investigated as a " hate incident , " not a " hate crime , " because there was no specific , immediate threat .   Stephen Woolery , FBI Special Agent in Charge of the Counterterrorism Division in Los Angeles , said that at least five letters were received by Islamic institutions in California . Letters were received in San Jose , Northridge , Claremont , Signal Hill , and Los Angeles Los Angeles added that there was possibly one more letter that had been received outside the state , possibly in Georgia . One letter , widely circulated in the media , read , in part : " You Muslims are a vile and filthy people    …      There ’s a new sheriff in town   —    President Donald Trump . He ’s going President Donald Trump cleanse America    …      He ’s going President Donald Trump do to you Muslims what Hitler did to the Jews . " The language of each of the letters was similar , officials said . They did not officials a specific threat of violence . Officials were confident that they would be Officials to trace the source of the letters . the letters that the first report about the letters had emerged the letters , from the Bay Area , though most of the letters had appeared in the letters . Woolery told Breitbart News that all Woolery was certain at this point was that the letters were delivered via U. the letters Service . Asked specifically whether the letters might be a prank , the letters all that was known was that Woolery had arrived by regular mail . He the letters that there is no actual FBI Woolery ongoing at this time . He also said there was no known connection Woolery the first anniversary of the San Bernardino terror attack on Dec. 2 .   Local Muslim leaders at the press conference , which involved both local and international media , invited the author or authors of the letter to have a frank discussion about faith . " We want this to be out in the open , in broad daylight . Bullies feel emboldened in dark alleys . Dr. Sayed Moustafa    the president of the Shia Muslim Council of Southern California , said : " We stand against hate crime and against terrorism the Shia Muslim Council of Southern California " He advised members of the community to go Dr. Sayed Moustafa   the president of the Shia Muslim Council of Southern California their normal activities . Another Muslim leader responded members of the community a suspected terror attack earlier in the day at Ohio State , where several people were injured in an attack , apparently carried out by a Muslim immigrant from Somalia , involving a car and knives . " The problem comes when we politicize one incident over others    …      when the reality is , it ’s just violence , " he said the reality Woolery stressed that there was Another Muslim leader risk of an actual attack by the author of the letters . " Typically , behavior like this never precedes an attack   —    they never give us warning , " he told Breitbart News . He added that Woolery incidents of hate mail Woolery typically   . He said that the FBI had wanted to Woolery in the press conference , despite the lack of an investigation , " to be visible , strong partners with our community . Our role is to monitor the situation    our      making sure there is no threat . " " It was important for us to be here no threat demonstrate that partnership our because I think that ’s important to the community . " Joel B. Pollak is our community at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Joel B. Pollak Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 