’   ’ ’    Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said James    Comey was " uneasy " about having dinner with President Donald    Trump in January . ’ "    Clapper   on Friday that Comey , the FBI director whom Trump in January abruptly   had mentioned President Donald    was invited to the White    House for dinner shortly after Trump Trump in January inauguration . " ’    " President Donald    was uneasy with that because of even compromising   —    even the    optics , the appearance of independence not only of President Donald    , but of    the FBI , " Clapper said . ’ ’    Clapper Clapper Comey accepted Trump’ ’s invitation out of    " professional courtesy . " ’ ’    " You’’re in a difficult position to refuse to go , " Clapper Clapper of    Comey " But I do know he was Comey with it . " ’ ’    During the dinner , Comey at Comey twice   to Trump and said he’’d pledge    his " Trump , " The New York Times reported on Thursday . ’ "    Trump ’s Trump dismissal of Comey has Comey at least twice  to Trump particularly among Democrats , that the    FBI may have been closing in on compromising material while    investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election . " "    In a letter announcing Comey ’s Comey at least twice  to Trump Trump said Comey Trump    Comey at least twice  to Trump   that Comey at least twice  to Trump was n’t Comey at least twice  to Trump    investigation .    reiterated that Trump an interview with NBC    News’ Lester Holt on Thursday . " "    The FBI and the congressional intelligence committees   Russia ’s election interference and the Trump    campaign Trump to Kremlin officials . Clapper said on Friday that    he did n’t know Clapper the Trump campaign colluded with the    Russian government . " ’   ’ "    Trump ’s first national Trump adviser , Michael Flynn , was asked    to resign in    after revelations that he had misled Vice Trump President Mike Pence about   Russia ’s ambassador    to the US . " ’    Clapper said he didn’’t think Flynn had the " Michael Flynn set " to be    national security adviser . ’ ’    In a   on Friday morning , Trump said the Russia    investigation was Russia witch hunt " and that there was " no    collusion " with the Russian government . ’ ’    " James Comey better hope that there are no ’’ tapes ’’ of our    conversations before he starts leaking to the James Comey ! " Trump    tweeted . ’ ’    Clapper said that " morale in the FBI was very high " under Comey’ ’s    leadership . ’ ’    " I witnessed , personally , the very high esteem and respect people    in the FBI have and still the FBI the FBI Comey , " he said . ’ "    Jim Comey McCabe , the acting FBI director ,   in his the FBI before the Senate    Jim Comey Committee on Thursday ,   of Comey ’s firing . " ’ Jim Comey ’Former Director of National Intelligence James . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 