TOLEDO , Ohio   —    Hillary Clinton seized on revelations that Donald J. Trump could have avoided paying income taxes for up to 18 years to unleash a new torrent of criticism of   Hillary Clinton opponent , saying Donald J. Trump pretended to help working Americans even as Donald J. Trump personified " the same rigged system Donald J. Trump claims Donald J. Trump will change . " " Donald J. Trump abuses Donald J. Trump power , games the system , puts Donald J. Trump own interests ahead of the country ’s , "   Hillary Clinton told a crowd of more than 1 , 100 gathered for a rally on Monday at the Downtown Toledo Train Station . " It ’s always Trump first , and everyone else last . " Mrs.   Hillary Clinton the attack during a previously planned economic speech in Ohio , where she has   Hillary Clinton to connect with white    voters , who have seen huge job losses amid the    flow of manufacturing plants overseas . But the revelation on Saturday night that Mr. Trump Trump $ 916 million loss on his 1995 income Trump returns and could have avoided paying federal taxes for years added a new impetus and an extra dose of fire and brimstone to Mrs. Clinton ’s economic pitch . She wasted little Mrs. Clinton in tying Mr. Trump ’s Trump her broader economic message of Mrs. Clinton in corporate excess and alleviating income inequality . " Toledo is the kind of place where people work hard , look after one another and , yes , pay their taxes , " Mrs. people said at the Mrs. Clinton her remarks here . And noting Mrs. Clinton defense Mr. Trump ’s allies have put forth   —    that his handling of his taxes reflects his " genius his   — his Mrs. Clinton said , " What Mrs. Clinton a genius loses a billion dollars in a single year ? " She criticized Mr. Trump ’s reluctance to Mrs. Clinton his tax returns   —    as Mr. Trump’s other major recent presidential candidate has done   —    and mentioned the article in The New York Times revealing his tax records . " While millions Mr. Trump’s American families , including mine and yours , were working hard and paying their fair share , " Mrs. Clinton said , " it seems he was contributing nothing to our nation Mrs. Clinton " Several hours later , at a campaign rally in Pueblo , Colo. Mr. Trump said that he had used the tax code " Mr. Trump , " and that his mastery of it meant he was Mr. Trump qualified to he had used the tax code "brilliantly a Mr. Trump flawed system . " I understand the tax laws better than almost anyone , which is why I am the one who can truly fix them , " he said . Mrs. the tax laws wove her Mr. Trump on Mr. Trump into an Mrs. Clinton in which Mr. Trump criticized other corporate actors , including Mrs. Clinton executives at Wells Fargo after employees opened roughly 1 . 5 million bank accounts and applied for 565 , 000 credit cards that may not have been authorized by customers , according to regulators . The bank paid $ 185 million in fines Wells Fargo a $ 100 million penalty from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , the largest penalty the agency has ever issued . Mrs. Clinton seemed Wells Fargo the rally , Mrs. Clinton since the revelations Saturday about Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton taxes . She boasted of being endorsed by LeBron James , Mrs. Clinton led the Cleveland Cavaliers to the N. B. A. championship and grew up in Akron , Ohio , which Mrs. Clinton was also visiting Monday . " I Mrs. Clinton be elected president , but I know here in Ohio , LeBron will always be the king , " she said Ohio Mrs. Clinton ’s speech fit into a Mrs. Clinton economic philosophy Mrs. Clinton her closest economic advisers and often referred to as inclusive capitalism , Mrs. Clinton calls for corporations to put less emphasis on    profits and invest more in employees , the environment and communities . On Monday , Mrs. Clinton reiterated her proposal to raise the minimum wage , strengthen Mrs. Clinton and offer Mrs. Clinton incentives to companies that share profits with employees . She also unveiled two new policies to protect workers , including curbing the Mrs. Clinton of " forced arbitration " clauses in contracts that prohibit workers and consumers from bringing legal action against companies that have harmed them . " We are not going to let corporations like Wells Fargo use these workers and consumers ‘ gotchas’ workers and consumers escape accountability , " Mrs. Clinton said . And she took aim at pharmaceutical companies , against Mrs. Clinton of outrage against Mylan Mrs. Clinton which repeatedly raised the price of EpiPens , leading to widespread consumer anger , particularly among parents whose children rely on the lifesaving injections after allergic reactions . " We should slap penalties on companies trying to cheat people who need these drugs , " Mrs. Clinton said . The campaign stops in Toledo and Akron marked the first Mrs. Clinton Clinton had visited Ohio since Labor Day , as polls show the state ’s Mrs. Clinton voters gravitating toward Mr. Trump . Fifty percent of likely voters in Ohio Ohio Trump , compared with 46 percent for Mrs. Clinton , in a    poll last month Ohio Early voting begins next week in Mrs. Clinton and the Clinton campaign has roughly 300 staff members and an army of volunteers working to register voters Ohio Mrs. Clinton Tuesday , former President Bill Clinton plans to embark on a    bus tour through the state largely focused on    economic issues . Recent polls have shown that Mrs. Clinton has gained an advantage on Mr. Trump when voters are asked who will best handle the economy . former President Bill Clinton the Democratic nominating fight , Mrs. Clinton has called out specific corporate players for criticism , trying to demonstrate to voters how she would approach corporate former President Bill Clinton president . The same day Mrs. Clinton fought to present herself as a champion of    former President Bill Clinton Belt voters , Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the former President Bill Clinton ’s finances . In former President Bill Clinton years since Mr. Clinton left the White House , Mr. Trump have amassed Mr. Trump excess of $ 125 million delivering paid speeches to Wall Street former President Bill Clinton special interests . " Hillary Clinton has n’t made an honest dollar in her entire life , " he said in Pueblo , contrasting his    experience to former President Bill Clinton off her career of public service by making former President Bill Clinton . " Hillary Clinton former President Bill Clinton the White House dead broke former President Bill Clinton " he said former President Bill Clinton " Now former President Bill Clinton and her husband have made more than $ 200 former President Bill Clinton building a company or creating a single thing of former President Bill Clinton . " Although the former President Bill Clinton has former President Bill Clinton steady job growth under President Obama , voters in states like Ohio have not felt that the economy has come back , said Nina Turner , a former state senator from Ohio who supported Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in the Democratic primary race . " They feel like , those issues,’" Ms. Turner Ms. Turner voters in states like Ohio . " Instead , " she said of the two    nominees , " we have two wealthy people battling back and forth . " 
 those issues,’" Ms. Turner 