’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump has announced that Army Lt . Gen. H. R.    McMaster will be the new national security advisor . ’ "    McMaster replaces Michael Flynn , who resigned one week following    reports that    discussed sanctions on Russia with Russia ’s    ambassador to the US . " ’    Trump called McMaster " a man of tremendous talent and tremendous    experience " as he Trump the announcement Monday afternoon at his Trump estate in Florida . ’ ’    " I would just like to say what a privilege it is to be able to    continue serving our nation . I’’m grateful to you for that       , and I look forward to joining the national security    team and doing everything that I can to advance and protect the    interests of the American people , " McMaster said . ’ ’   ’ ’’ "    Trump also named Keith Kellogg , who had been the acting national    security adviser , as the National Security Council ’s chief of    staff . " ’    Finding a new national security adviser has not been easy    for Trump Trump ’ "    Retired Adm. Robert Harward was offered the role , but   Trump Trump exhaustive      press conference last Thursday and the turmoil roiling       early days of the administration . " ’    Harward Retired Adm. Robert Harward reportedly had concerns about the staffing on the    NSC , including the appointment of White House chief    strategist Steve Bannon . ’ ’    " Harward Retired Adm. Robert Harward to undo the fairly large changes the president    had made to the NSC that had inserted Bannon White House chief   strategist Steve Bannon the process , "    MSNBC host Chris Hayes reported . " The White House not offer    Retired Adm. Robert Harward Retired Adm. Robert Harward that he would Retired Adm. Robert Harward such autonomy . " ’ ’    Another candidate , Gen. David Petraeus , also reportedly withdrew    himself from consideration over Another candidate, Gen. David Petraeus about staffing within    the NSC , . ’ ’President Donald Trump has announced that Army . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 