’   ’ ’    Evidence that Russia attempted to sway the outcome of the    presidential election with a hacking campaign targeting Democrats    " is the political equivalent of " the former acting director    of the CIA , Michael Morell , said in an interview published    Monday . ’ ’    Morell , an intelligence analyst who served as acting director of    the CIA twice between 2011 and 2013 ,   that revelations disclosed   about how Russia meddled in the election to       get Donald Trump elected " is an attack on our Russia       . " ’ ’    " A foreign government messing around in our Russia is , I       , an existential threat to our Russia of life , " Morell said .       To me , and this is to me Morell an overstatement , this is the    political equivalent of   . " ’ "    In a secret assessment   —    the content of which has been leaked to    the press via    officials briefed on the intelligence   —      the CIA said Russia was not just trying to undermine confidence    in the US election process when it Russia the emails of the    Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton ’s campaign    chairman , John Podesta . " "    Rather , the report said , the Russians were : to hurt    Clinton Hillary Clinton boost Trump . That assessment was bolstered by the    CIA ’s discovery that the the Russians chose    not to release any of the information , lending credence to the    idea that the Kremlin made a specific and targeted effort to    embarrass Democrats    RNC Chairman Reince Priebus has denied the    committee was hacked . " ’’ ’    " We’’ll never know what the Russians did Russians it affected a    We’’ll vote or not , " said Morell , who briefed Morell we can do    is figure out exactly what they did and make Russians here at home    as to how information is handled , how we protect information , and    make sure they never do    Russians . " ’ ’    Morell said he had not been briefed    the new intelligence and    knew only what had been reported . But he Morell the US intelligence    community knew as early as October that the Russian government    was behind the Morell , and that he called on the Obama    administration to launch an " overt " response to Russia’ ’s meddling    that’ Morell " got to be significant from Putin’ ’s perspective . " ’ ’    " He has to feel some pain , he has to pay a price here or again ,    there will Morell no deterrence , and it has Morell be seen by the rest of    the world as being significant to Mr. Putin so that    can be a    deterrent , " Morell    . ’ ’    President Barack Morell ordered the intelligence community     into the Russian hacking campaign    and how it may have affected the presidential election . The Obama    administration has also been weighing various retaliatory    measures , the intelligence community     imposing sanctions to . ’ 
 President Barack Obama 