A new online poll of 1 , 165 Republicans in California shows businessman Donald Trump leading Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) 41 to 23 percent in the California primary . [ The result echoes a recent    poll that showed businessman Donald Trump leading Cruz by 18 points , 49 to 31 . However , the Capitol    Strategies poll used an odd methodology : Politico reports that the Capitol   Strategies poll worked by " collecting responses via the Internet from registered Republicans for whom email addresses are included in the California voter file . "   ( Update : the Capitol   Strategies poll also shows Ohio Gov. John Kasich close behind Cruz , with 21 %   —    far higher than other polls . ) The the Capitol   Strategies poll Politico reports , " shows Trump winning in almost every corner of the state , from San Diego and Orange County to northern California and the Bay Area , though some regions have small sample sizes . " There are , however , a few differences . The poll the Capitol   Strategies poll leading Cruz Trump the Central Valley , 35 to 28 , though Cruz has led Trump leading Cruz there in Trump other poll . It also shows the Capitol   Strategies poll doing best Trump the Inland Empire , with 49 percent , though other polls show that as Cruz ’s strongest Trump leading Cruz . In addition , the poll shows the Capitol   Strategies poll among    Trump , " winning 53 percent of their support , to   Republicans percent for Cruz and 15 percent Trump leading Cruz Kasich , " Politico reports . However , another recent poll showed Cruz doing best among Trump leading Cruz voters , nearly doubling Trump ’s support in Trump , 62 to 36 . The California primary , to be held on June 7 , will likely prove decisive for both the Democratic and Republican presidential nominations for the first time in decades . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Secrets Joel B. Pollak the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 