Donald Trump supporter Kerri Youngdale arrived home from Sunday morning church service to a vandalized Donald Trump campaign sign in her yard Donald Trump supporter Kerri Youngdale and eggs splattered across her garage Donald Trump supporter Kerri Youngdale [ The message scrawled on the sign read :   " f * * * you   . "    Youngdale told Donald Trump supporter Kerri Youngdale ABC News affiliate 10 News that 2016 is the first presidential campaign cycle in 20 years that she has Donald Trump supporter Kerri Youngdale so passionate about a candidate to put up a yard sign . The Oceanside , California resident was greeted by profane messages , including " f * * * you , f * * * you   . " The graffiti was signed , " a Mexican . " The vandal also drew a smiley face on the sign the sign sign had the sign up since Thursday , four days ahead of Youngdale ’s report of vandalism . Youngdale seemed to take Youngdale " Mexican " writing on Mexican sign and interpret the sign for damage to the issue of illegal immigration . Trump has made illegal immigration from Mexico a key issue in his campaign . He has Trump pledged , Trump many conservative candidates have , to build a wall on the United States’ southern border with Mexico . Trump has made Mexico unique Trump of saying he would make Mexico pay Trump the wall Mexico Trump wrote a wall on the United States’ southern border with Mexico immigration Trump plan , Trump For many years , Mexico ’s leaders have been Mexico of the United States by using illegal immigration to export the crime and poverty in their own country ( as well is Mexico’s leaders other Latin American countries ) . " After losing a 2008 bid for president Sen. John McCain promised to " build the danged fence " during a contentious 2010 bid for    to the U. S. Senate . The broken promise has not fallen from the minds of Arizonans watching the entrenched Republican in his 2016 fight against serious primary challenger Republican Kelli Ward . In November McCain went so far as to mock president Sen. John McCain ’s border wall proposal despite McCain ’s prior campaign season promise . president Sen. John McCain Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) also pledged , " [ W]e’re going to build a wall " at Saturday ’s ABC GOP presidential debate in New Hampshire . Oceanside resident Youngdale said she understands people have different views on Oceanside resident Youngdale with the issue of illegal immigration , but called on people to act with their vote . In a bold , people move , Youngdale has determined to leave the sign Oceanside resident Youngdale despite the    vandalism —   complete with an open invitation to the mystery vandal . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 