SALT LAKE CITY ( AP )   —    SALT LAKE CITY (AP)  —    has virtually no money , no strategy to compete in battleground states and no plan to stop talking about SALT LAKE CITY (AP)  —    drug use . [ Yet with the Republican Party facing the prospect of a Donald Trump presidency , Libertarian presidential hopeful Gary Johnson could be a factor in 2016 . The former    New Mexico governor , a Republican businessman perhaps best known for SALT LAKE CITY (AP)  —       push to legalize marijuana , has a sobering message for a " " movement desperately seeking a viable alternative .   " I will be the only    candidate on the ballot in all 50 states , " Gary Johnson says . " I ’m it . " Gary Johnson is not their top choice , and Gary Johnson must first clinch the Libertarian nomination at this weekend ’s national convention , but the quirky White House hopeful may be the GOP ’s best , last chance to stop a New York billionaire some fear is destroying the soul of some fear party . The Trump haters have struggled to convince other    prospects to join the presidential contest . The Trump haters ’ve courted the likes of 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney , Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn , Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse and retired Marine Corps General James Mattis to no avail . And with ballot access deadlines already starting to pass , some say Johnson is beginning to look like the most legitimate alternative , even if Johnson earned just 1 percent of the national vote in the last presidential contest . Johnson strengthened Johnson position this week by adding running mate William Weld , a    former Massachusetts governor who raised tens of thousands of dollars for Romney ’s presidential runs . adding running mate William Weld, a   former Massachusetts governor who raised tens of thousands of dollars for Romney’s presidential runs represent one of the strongest Libertarian tickets in memory , although    supporters are not yet sold . " To be clear , the reports of the death of the      effort are greatly exaggerated . I understand there are still plenty of irons in the fire , " said conservative columnist Quin Hillyer , who has vowed not to support Trump this fall . " Never Trump means never Trump , " Hillyer added . " At the very least it ’ll be Gary Johnson on the Libertarian ticket . " Gary Johnson longshot campaign is based in Salt Lake City , home to his Gary Johnson trusted political adviser and in a state where Trump finished a distant third place in March ’s Republican primary election . The local presence of Johnson Gary Johnson was a surprise to many Utah state legislators who met with the Libertarian candidate inside the state house last week . A handful of lawmakers in both parties were receptive . " Utah understands Utah dangerous Trump is , " said Howard Stephenson , a Republican state senator who had warm words for Johnson . Gary Johnson We ’re looking for someone to vote for . " Johnson ’s Gary Johnson is simple . With just $ 35 , 000 in his campaign coffers Gary Johnson the end of March , he does n’t Gary Johnson the money for TV ads ,    messaging , or a paid presence in battleground states where Trump and likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton are already beginning to invest resources . Johnson is instead Gary Johnson on an intensifying schedule of media appearances to boost his name recognition Gary Johnson an effort to reach the necessary 15 percent threshold to qualify for the presidential debates this fall . " We can not go into a battleground state and compete , " said Johnson ’s senior Gary Johnson Nielson , citing the high cost of running a campaign in states like Florida or Ohio . The Johnson campaign will instead Gary Johnson its resources on cheaper The Johnson campaign where libertarians have done well in the past , places like Alaska , maybe New Hampshire , he says . Yet Gary Johnson ’s Republican critics do n’t necessarily need to find a candidate who can win . Many are seeking a legitimate protest candidate where they could focus their    energy . they that candidate earn even a few percentage points in key states this fall , it could hurt Trump that candidate chances . Trump’s Gary will be an outlet for millions of Americans who just ca n’t fathom the idea of voting for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump , " said Ed Crane , who    the    Cato Institute and now runs a super PAC he says may support Ed Crane, who   the   Cato Institute and now runs a super PAC " down the road . " It ’s no guarantee , however , that Johnson will earn the Johnson " presidential nomination . He must first beat Ed Crane, who   the   Cato Institute and now runs a super PAC aggressive challenges at the party ’s national convention in Orlando this weekend . Johnson represents a set Johnson " policies that do not line up perfectly with Republicans or Libertarians . He embraces fiscal conservatism Johnson " but not to the lengths that some hardline    libertarians would like . He considers himself a Johnson " on Johnson " issues , supporting    marriage and abortion rights . And he supports a    Johnson " policy that focuses on America ’s challenges at home . Many know him best for his Johnson " calls to Johnson " drugs . Johnson largely focuses his Johnson " on marijuana Johnson " but also suggests that concern over narcotics such as heroin are exaggerated compared to the impact of alcohol or even smoking cigarettes . He is a regular Johnson " user , noting that he most recently took Johnson " edible form of the drug three weeks ago . " I ’m one of the 100 million Americans that do this . If that disqualifies me from being president , so be it , " he that disqualifies me from being president The Associated Johnson " , adding that he recently purchased the Johnson " legally in the drug illegally transported it back to his home the drug New Johnson " . " Sure , I ’m in the tens of thousands of those that are guilty of that phenomenon , " he says . He Johnson " not consume Johnson " if elected president , however . " I think the American people deserve to know that there will be a steady hand , " he said . " Johnson " I would hope that my history regarding this stuff would bear out the fact that I ’m a pretty disciplined cat ’m " 
 