Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump endorsed House Speaker Paul Ryan and Arizona Sen. John McCain on Friday , moving to mend an    rift that has put the Republican presidential nominee at odds with the Republican presidential nominee    elected official .   Donald Trump endorsements came at a rally in Green Bay , Wisconsin . " We Trump’s endorsements have disagreements , but we Trump’s endorsements disagree as friends and never stop working together toward victory . And very importantly , toward real change , " Trump Donald Trump , reading off a prepared statement . " So in our Trump’s endorsements mission , to make America great again , I support and endorse our Trump’s endorsements of the House , Paul Ryan . " Trump Donald Trump the week had declined to endorse Ryan and Paul Ryan , as well as New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte . " And while I ’m at it , I hold in the highest esteem Sen. John McCain for his service to our country in uniform and in public office , and I fully support and endorse his " his Trump , before backing Ayotte . The real estate mogul ’s campaign immediately sent out a    email to supporters , writing , " It ’s time to unite our Party and deny a third term of Obama . I have officially endorsed Paul Ryan     and together , we will our for YOU , and together we will our America Great Again ! " Trump ’s endorsements came more than 10 minutes after he began Trump’s his statement Trump’s cutting in several times to offer tangential remarks     from again rehashing an incident involving a crying baby at a recent rally to touting the strength of his fundraising Trump’s Trump heavily Trump’s his outsider Trump’s in the    to delivering his endorsements Trump’s three incumbent Republicans with a combined tenure in Congress of more than a half century . " It ’s time to change a rigged political system that works only for the insiders and to replace it with It government that serves the people , " Trump said . But then , Trump pointed Trump that he owes Trump success Trump his ability Trump put together " a really fantastic team " and stressed that he would Trump a Republican House and Senate to accomplish his agenda Trump president . And while he did Trump shy away from the disagreements he has Trump with Ryan , McCain and Ayotte     all of whom have not hesitated to criticize Trump at times     the Republican nominee leaned on a GOP icon to massage his endorsement the Republican nominee " My 80 % friend is not my 20 % enemy , " Trump said Trump quoting President Ronald Reagan . " We are going to be the big tent party . " The move comes just days ahead of Ryan ’s Tuesday primary matchup with challenger Paul Nehlen , who had played up Trump ’s Trump back the speaker     as well as Ryan ’s tepid Ryan for Trump .   Trump ’s not clear that Ryan is keen Ryan receive Trump ’s endorsement Trump repeatedly told Wisconsin Ryan stations in recent days that he ’s only seeking Ryan from the voters in his district , and Ryan Ryan aide said he Ryan n’t received Ryan as of early Friday afternoon of Trump ’s plans . Trump After the endorsement , another Trump’s endorsement said the Ryan " appreciates the gesture and is going to continue to focus on earning the endorsement of the voters in Southern Wisconsin . " Nehlen , who was at the rally , told CNN Friday night that Trump ’s endorsement was Trump party unity " and not a statement of support for Ryan ’s policies . " Ryan Trump did this for Trump and I applaud him for that , " Nehlen Trump . " That is the mark of a true leader . " Nehlen insisted it was n’t awkward to Nehlen in a sea of people cheering and applauding as Trump announced his endorsement of the Trump speaker Trump " I fully expected it , " said Nehlen , who added that he did not speak with or Trump with Trump in recent days beyond their Trump exchange on Twitter . Meanwhile , Ayotte     who said in June she will vote for Trump but was Ayotte     not endorsing Trump "     issued a tepid statement Saturday through a spokeswoman : " I appreciate his support , and I look Trump to defeating Maggie Hassan and Hillary Clinton in November . " ’I’m not quite there yet’ Trump had balked at endorsing Ryan Trump Tuesday in an interview with The Washington Post , a move that intensified concerns about his presidential campaign within the GOP Trump Trump already faced controversy over his Trump over the weekend of Trump parents of an American soldier killed in combat .   " I like Paul , but these are horrible Trump for our country . We need very strong leadership . We need very , very strong leadership We And I ’m just not quite there yet . I ’m not quite there yet , " ’m said in the Post interview . The remarks infuriated many in the Republican establishment , and a GOP source told CNN Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus was especially frustrated because Ryan and Priebus , both from Wisconsin , are very close . On Friday , Priebus announced that he and his wife CNN Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus for Ryan CNN Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus Trump CNN Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus running mate , Ryan Gov. Mike Pence , did endorse Ryan the following day     a move Ryan both Pence and Trump have said occurred with Trump ’s Trump .   " I Trump Paul Ryan , strongly endorse his " Ryan a longtime congressional colleague Ryan Ryan ’s , said in a phone interview Ryan Fox News . " He is a longtime friend . He ’s Ryan strong conservative leader . I Ryan we need Paul Ryan in leadership in the Congress of Ryan States . " Ryan told WTMJ ’s Charlie Sykes , a Wisconsin Ryan radio host , on Friday morning that he had n’t spoken with Trump since the Republican Ryan ended last month .   Ryan , who withheld his own endorsement of Trump for weeks after Trump had clinched the party ’s Trump , deflected Sykes’ Trump about whether he might withdraw that support .   " I ’m his going to get into any hypotheticals , " he said . " I see no purpose in doing his tit for tat petty back and forth with Donald Trump cause it serves no good purpose in my Trump "   Ryan had dismissed the importance of a Trump endorsement Friday morning in another local radio interview with WISN Trump Jay Weber .   " I ’m not going to try and psychoanalyze this stuff , " the House speaker told Weber . " Honestly , the endorsement , personally the ones WISN’s Jay Weber I care about , are the ones from the people here in Wisconsin , my first congressional district employers . So you know I ’m just going to rise above this stuff , and I ’m not going to get involved this stuff sort of petty back ’m forth , I see no purpose in doing that . " 
 