Pittsburgh ( CNN ) Billionaire entrepreneur Mark Cuban endorsed Hillary Clinton on Saturday during a campaign event in Pittsburgh , telling CNN that Billionaire entrepreneur Mark Cuban had decided Donald Trump had gone "     crazy . " " Trump scares me , " Billionaire entrepreneur Mark Cuban said after speaking on behalf of Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine , Hillary Clinton vice presidential nominee . " Donald , initially , I really hoped Donald would be something different , that as a businessperson , I thought there was an opportunity there . But then Donald went off the reservation and went      crazy . " Billionaire entrepreneur Mark Cuban also said that Donald had talked to Trump before Donald endorsed Hillary Clinton and urged the real estate     that at some point Donald had to adapt and learn policy . " I told Donald directly , at some point you have to learn , at some point you have to read and that that job is all about uncertainty and if you do n’t do the work , that is not good for this country , " Cuban said . " And Donald just does n’t do the work . " In endorsing Clinton , Cuban Cuban , " I am ready to vote for a true leader , I am ready to vote for the American Dream . I am ready to tell the world that I am here to endorse Hillary Clinton . " Earlier in the evening , Cuban Cuban multiple    zingers at Trump , referring to the Republican presidential candidate as a " jagoff " in a colorful speech . " You know what we call a person like that     the screamers , the yellers , the people that try to intimidate you ? You know what we we a person like that in Pittsburgh ? A jagoff , " said Cuban , a Pittsburgh Pittsburgh . " Is there any bigger jagoff in the world than Donald Trump " Cuban , a judge on the reality TV show " Shark Tank , " even mocked " The Apprentice , " which Trump previously Trump , saying his show " kicked ’The Apprentice’s’ ass . " But beyond the jabs at Trump , Trump ’s Cuban message to voters here was that Clinton has the qualifications and leadership skills to help preserve the American the American Dream " In Hillary Clinton ’s America , the American Dream is alive and well , " he said . " the American Dream is no place that knows that better than Pittsburgh because we are an American Dream city . the American Dream ’s Cuban comes in the middle of the    campaign ’s    bus tour through the Rust Belt , where they are selling their economic vision and plan they working class Americans . After traveling west through Pennsylvania , they will next head to Ohio , campaigning in Youngstown and Columbus . According to a campaign aide , Cuban and Clinton campaign chairman Podesta 2016 campaign , and met in the Brooklyn campaign headquarters a few weeks ago . Cuban reached out to Podesta Cuban night to signal that he was ready to make an endorsement .   Clinton thanked Podesta for his Clinton after Cuban introduction Clinton referencing the reality TV star throughout her speech . " I Clinton n’t tell you how happy I am to be here with a Pittsburgh native , who worked hard for everything that he has made and has Clinton a lot of people along the way what he exemplifies is the American Clinton , " she said of Cuban . Clinton also    Cuban while Clinton about her Cuban plan . When Clinton pledged to make " Clinton who have been successful " pay their fair share , she turned to the billionaire Clinton said those who have been successful " Sorry Mark . " 
 