Washington ( CNN ) White House chief of staff Denis McDonough has a message for those predicting the rapid , wholesale reversal of President Barack Obama ’s top priorities : not so fast . Denis McDonough said that if    Donald Trump and   Donald Trump allies on Capitol Hill move too rapidly or recklessly to dismantle the Affordable Care Act , the vast majority of Americans     and not just those insured through health care exchanges     will pay a high price . " If ( Republicans ) mishandle this ,   Donald Trump and his allies on Capitol Hill move too rapidly or recklessly to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, the vast majority of Americans    and not just those insured through health care exchanges    will pay a high price ’re going to affect not just the 23 million people who got coverage now through the marketplaces ,   Donald Trump and his allies on Capitol Hill move too rapidly or recklessly to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, the vast majority of Americans    and not just those insured through health care exchanges    will pay a high price ’re going to affect the nearly 200 million people who get it through   Donald Trump and his allies on Capitol Hill move too rapidly or recklessly to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, the vast majority of Americans    and not just those insured through health care exchanges    will pay a high price employer , " McDonough told David Axelrod on " The Axe Files " podcast , produced by the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN . Given the complexity of the private insurance system , precipitous changes absent suitable replacement steps can not be taken " without creating an awful lot of instability in the marketplace . " Turning to the executive actions Obama signed to confront the challenge of climate change , McDonough said that it is misinformed to suggest that the next administration could dismantle these rules and regulations with " just the stroke of the pen . "   Such steps would require the same laborious process of rule making     and likely litigation     it took to enact likely litigation     . Moreover , the growth over these eight years of natural gas reserves and renewable sources of energy such as wind and solar have made coal less economically attractive .   " The market has a say , " McDonough said . McDonough also reflected on McDonough nearly eight years serving in various roles in the administration and the professional highs and lows McDonough ’s experienced during that time . Assessing the administration ’s response to the Syrian civil war and the humanitarian disaster that ’s taking place there , McDonough acknowledged the seeming absence of any solutions or relief , and said McDonough thinks every day about whether things could have been done differently . " There ’s not been a day when I have n’t thought about this , " McDonough said , " ( and ) there ’s not been a day when the President of the United States has n’t thought about this . "   McDonough said the problem has been so vexing , the President of the United States invited some of McDonough most vociferous critics to the White House to see if they the White House generate ideas the administration had n’t thought of . " And so far we ’ve not come up with anything , " McDonough said . " It just turns out that this is a really hard problem . " To hear the whole conversation with McDonough , which also covered his McDonough growing up in a house with 10 brothers and sisters the searing experience , when he McDonough a Senate aide , of working on the 2003 Iraq War resolution why it ’s important to maintain perspective when working in the White House and much more , click on " The Axe Files " podcast every week , subscribe at 
 