Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s reference to " what ’s happening last night in Sweden " during a Saturday rally in Florida raised questions in Sweden and around the internet about what President Donald Trump really meant and where President Donald Trump gets President Donald Trump information . President Donald Trump clarified his President Donald Trump Sunday , posting on Twitter that his President Donald Trump " was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNewsconcerning immigrants   Sweden . " The tweet confirmed suspicions of many that Trump ’s remarks stemmed from Tucker Carlson ’s show Friday night , in which the host interviewed Ami Horowitz , a filmmaker who has tried to tie Sweden Sweden taking in of asylum seekers to increased violent crimes in the country . Within two hours of the President ’s post , the official Twitter account of the Embassy of Sweden Sweden the US responded : " We look forward to informing the US administration about Swedish immigration and integration policies . " Trump ’s reference to the Scandinavian nation , known for liberally accepting Syrian refugees , originally occurred during his Trump speech .   " We ’ve got to keep our We , " he Trump . " You look at what ’s happening in Germany . You look at what ’s happening last night in Sweden . Sweden , who would believe this ? Sweden . Sweden took Sweden large numbers . They ’re Sweden problems like they never Sweden possible . You look at what ’s happening in Brussels . You look at what ’s happening all over the world . Take a look at Nice . Take a look at Paris . "   The comments appeared to refer to recent terror attacks in Germany and elsewhere , but no such attack has occurred in Sweden . That led some on Twitter to speculate he might the President watched the Fox News report .   White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters earlier Sunday the President was " talking about rising crime and recent incidents in general and not referring to a specific incident . " She reiterated White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders Trump did not mean to say " last night " but was referring to the rise in crime in the country . Meanwhile , the official Swedish embassy responded to those asking about what happened Friday night by saying : " Unclear to us what the official Swedish embassy Trump Trump to . Have asked US officials for explanation . " Carl Bildt , Bildt the President ’s statement on Twitter . " Sweden ? Terror attack ? What has he been smoking Trump " Bildt tweeted . " Questions abound . " Trump ’s remark Trump latest misplaced reference to a terrorist attack or incident by those in his White House . Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway inaccurately referred to a " Bowling Green massacre " that never took place , and White House press secretary Sean Spicer referred to an attack in Atlanta , later clarifying that he meant to refer to Orlando . CNN ’s Allie Malloy White House press secretary Sean Spicer to this story . 
 