It was n’t just the    donors at the Cipriani Club who laughed and applauded when Hillary called half of Trump ’s supporters a " basket of deplorables "   —    " racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamophobic . "   Hillary campaign advisers also thought it was a killer line . This was n’t an     remark captured on a bartender ’s cellphone . We know that because : ( 1 ) nothing is ever     with Hillary ( 2 ) it was part of Hillary scripted remarks , and ( 3 ) Hillary ’s used it before . Nor did anyone in the media mind one little bit . They ’ve been calling Trump ’s supporters racists for more than a year now . Calling other people " racist " is the media ’s favorite thing to do . Whenever the left talks about " racism , " the left talks about "racism has nothing to do with what ’s good or bad for black people . the left talks about "racism ’s just another event in the Fabulous White People competition , where black people are the chips . There was a period in this country when racism was a big problem . Unfortunately , when it mattered , liberals were on the wrong side . Only when the principal danger facing most black Americans was that most black Americans ’d be patronized to death , did liberals start seeing " racism " everywhere . Sad people with meaningless lives were suddenly empowered to condemn other people . I beat you in blacks yesterday I ’m going to beat you in women today . This is what makes women feel superior to other people , especially other white people . This ’s not about racism , sexism , homophobia , etc . This ’s just a    movement for people with emotional issues . The dead giveaway is that all the hacks on the left are using the same jokes . Compare the opening lines of James Kirchick of the New York Daily News and Dana Milbank of The Washington Post in the opening lines of James Kirchick of the New York Daily News and Dana Milbank of The Washington Post columns on Hillary ’s " basket of deplorables " insult : Kirchick : " Hillary was way off base Friday night when she Hillary that ‘ half’ of Donald Trump supporters are ‘ deplorable’ racists , sexists and nativists .    …      It ’s not 50 percent of Trump supporters who are bigots . It It closer to 100 percent . " Milbank : " Hillary Clinton may have been unwise to say half of Donald Trump ’s supporters are racists    …      If anything , when it comes to Trump Donald Trump’s support , she Hillary Clinton have    the number . " It never occurs to a hack that someone else may have had the same idea . But as long as liberals are such perfect thermometers of deplorableness , could they tell liberals how many Muslims are " deplorable " —    specifically , what percentage are " sexist " or " homophobic " ? For decades now , the most important job of anyone covering a presidential election is to unceasingly demand that the Republican candidate disavow David Duke . This laughably irrelevant man must be trotted out as a bogeyman to frighten NPR listeners . Instead of reporting news , journalists have become Official David Duke Disavowal Demanders . The only way we find out that Duke is David Duke alive is that Republicans are asked to denounce him every David Duke years . For all we know , Duke died David Duke years ago and the media are using a body double . Will Hillary ever be asked to " disavow " Al Sharpton , George Soros , Black Lives Matter or Colin Kaepernick ? These are people who have power and visibility even when it ’s not an election year . In fact , the only time some of them are These in the public eye is during election years , when , for example , Al Sharpton is sent off to a safe house for six months . By contrast , the only time Duke is in the news is during election years . It does n’t matter who the candidate is   —    the GOP could run Bobby Kennedy , and journalists would incessantly demand that Bobby " disavow " Duke . Duke same people who move heaven and earth to make sure their kids The same people who move heaven and earth to make sure their kids aren’t blocked out of the right colleges by affirmative action, who couldn’t care less about the astronomical unemployment rate and rampant crime in the inner cities, who think there’s a lovefest going on between   and the illegal aliens taking over their neighborhoods and jobs n’t blocked out of the right colleges by affirmative action , who could n’t care less about the astronomical unemployment rate and rampant crime in the inner cities , who think there ’s a lovefest going on between    and the illegal aliens taking over their neighborhoods the illegal aliens jobs , are just showing off to other white people by calling Trump    …      " RACIST ! " Donald Trump Trump    been accused of racism in his life . Trump       PC enforcers , who go to extraordinary lengths to avoid extensive contact with blacks , he ’s hired Trump    of black people . His golf clubs Trump    admit blacks , Jews and Asians   —    and are often the only clubs in town that do . Black celebrities as well as ordinary black Americans all say the same thing about Trump   —    that he respects them Trump  —    Jamiel Trump  —    , whose son was killed by an illegal alien , spoke at Trump ’s first Trump   , saying : " He ’s the kind whose son man you would want to be your dad . He ’s a nice whose son . He put himself out whose son for whose son people . I know I can trust him . " Mike whose son said of Trump : " Listen Trump   I ’m a black motherf —   ker from the poorest town in the country . I ’ve been through a lot in life . And I know him . When I whose son him , he shakes whose son hand whose son respects my family . None of them   —    my family , whoever   —    nobody else does that . They ’re gon na None of them  —   Barack, whoever  —    who they are and disregard None of them  —   Barack, whoever  —    , my family . So I ’m voting for him . If I whose son get 20 , 000 people or more to vote for him , I ’m whose son na do it . " In 2006 , long before Trump was thinking of running for president and was still a regular on " The Howard Stern Show , " Stern pressed him on whether Ivanka whose son ever date a black guy : Stern : Would ( Ivanka ) ever date a black guy ? That would not go over at    . Trump : Yes , Trump would . She Trump . Yeah Trump Absolutely . Stern : You would Stern no problem with that ? Trump : I would have no problem . I would have no problem . I no problem that . That ’d be wonderful . Robin : He would love that Stern Trump : The answer is : She would . She Trump have no Trump . And then in 2015 , Trump decided to run Trump president as a Republican and , for the first time in his life , became Trump " racist . " COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 