Vice President Joe Biden is joining the media and Hillary Clinton in spinning out a lie about Donald Trump ’s comments about PTSD soldiers . [ During a rally in Sarasota , Florida , Vice President Joe Biden admitted that Vice President Joe Biden had n’t seen Donald Trump comments but said Vice President Joe Biden was told about them by a CNN anchor .   " I did n’t see this , but I was told this this Chris Cuomo , who interviewed me at the last stop , " Vice President Joe Biden said , quoting only a portion of Trump Donald Trump . " Where in the hell is Vice President Joe Biden from ? " Vice President Joe Biden raged , reminding the crowd that Vice President Joe Biden was " deadly earnest . " The Clinton campaign seized on Trump ’s Donald Trump some soldiers could n’t handle PTSD and needed mental and medical help to cope with the horrors of war . But Vice President Joe Biden then misstated the statistics of veterans who are committing suicide . " But as a veteran can tell you , over 200 , 000 coming home with unseen wounds , " he said . a veteran Twenty suicides a month . " Vice President Joe Biden thundered against @realDonaldTrump for his Vice President Joe Biden comments   …      and   botched military veterans statistics   —    20 a day , not 20 a month pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) October 4 , 2016 ,   The current rate however , is 20 suicides a day , according to the most recent statistics released Department of Veterans Affairs . ( Earlier in the day , Trump cited an older statistic of 22 suicides a day ) . Biden raged against Trump calling him " Trump so Biden , completely uninformed , " but he did not correct Biden false statistics . Biden reminded the audience Biden his own son , Biden Biden , served in the military for a year . Last month , Biden was confronted by Biden Iraq war protester during a Clinton rally . " My friend died ! " the man yelled at Biden . " Will Biden listen ? " Biden shot back . Biden So did my son , OK ? " But Beau Biden did not Biden the war , rather he an Iraq war protester from brain cancer my son May 2015 . Read Trump ’s full comments about military veterans committing suicide below : When you talk about the mental health problems , when people come back from war and combat and they see things that maybe a people of the folks in this room have seen many times over and you ’re strong and you can handle it . But a lot of people ca n’t handle it . And they see horror it . They see events that you could they see in a movie , nobody would believe it . Now we need a a movie health help and medical . And it ’s one of the things a movie I think is least addressed and is one of the things that   —    like your question   —    one of the things that I hear the most about when I go around and talk to the veterans . So we ’re going to have a very , very robust , level of performance having to do with mental health . We are losing so many great we that can be taken care of if they have proper care . You care when you hear the 22 suicides a day it ’s a big part of your question . But when you hear the 22 suicides a day that should never be . That should never be . So we ’re going to be addressing we very strongly and the whole mental health issue is going to be a very important issue when I take over and the V. A. is going to be fixed in so many ways but that ’s going to be one of the ways we ’re going to help . we 