  ( CNN ) Robert Mueller     the former FBI director now overseeing the Department of Justice ’s investigation into Russia ’s    meddling and contact with the Trump campaign     has been briefed on the contents of some of the memos that former FBI Director James Comey kept to document former FBI Director James Comey conversations with President Donald Trump , according to a person familiar with the matter .    Additionally , former FBI Director James Comey has already visited FBI headquarters , where former FBI Director James Comey met with the counterintelligence agents who have been working on the case since last July , according to two people familiar with the matter . In one memo , former FBI Director James Comey wrote that President Donald Trump asked former FBI Director James Comey to end the FBI probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn , according to a person familiar with the the matter One source added that part of former FBI Director James Comey ’s investigation is expected to focus on obstruction of justice . In that case , former FBI Director James Comey would be a witness and former FBI Director James Comey will likely interview former FBI Director James Comey as part of the probe the FBI probe complicating that effort is former FBI Director James Comey acceptance to testify on Capitol Hill after Memorial Day . The source says Comey former FBI Director James Comey will be limited with what he former FBI Director James Comey be able to say now that the Russia probe is the FBI probe of Mueller former FBI Director James Comey " There ’s no way in the world Mueller former FBI Director James Comey his former FBI Director James Comey testifying , " the source said .   " The source to question him former FBI Director James Comey anyone else does but before that he former FBI Director James Comey have to go through tons of documents . " That means there will likely be a lot of negotiating happening in the early stages of the investigation particularly when it comes to congressional inquiries on the same material . The source says Mueller former FBI Director James Comey likely going The source to talk to people involved in the House and Senate investigations to make sure that he former FBI Director James Comey the lead on everything involved with this investigation . On Monday , Democratic Sen. the investigation of Virginia , the vice chairman of the Senate intelligence panel , told CNN that he former FBI Director James Comey Senate committee ’s chairman , North Carolina Republican Sen. Richard Burr , hoped to meet with Mueller former FBI Director James Comey talk about what Comey can and can not say in his testimony . " Our hope is that the Comey and I will he and the committee’s chairman, North Carolina Republican Sen. Richard Burr able to sit he and the committee’s chairman, North Carolina Republican Sen. Richard Burr kind of get the rules of the road for us going forward with Director former FBI Director James Comey " Warner said . Also on he and the committee’s chairman, North Carolina Republican Sen. Richard Burr , Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah , chair of the House oversight committee , tweeted that he would postpone a planned Wednesday hearing because Comey told him he wants to speak with Mueller before former FBI Director James Comey publicly . 
 Comey Comey 