  ( CNN ) Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates on Tuesday shot down the White House ’s efforts to downplay the severity of Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates warnings about former national security adviser Michael Flynn . " There was nothing casual about this , " Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates said in an interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper , reacting to the White House’s press secretary Sean Spicer ’s assertion that her White House press secretary Sean Spicer’s about Flynn former national security adviser Michael Flynn with Russian representatives was a " heads up . "   " I absolutely did not use the term heads up , " Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates told Cooper . Anderson Cooper I called ( White the White House’s ) Don McGahn and told him I had Anderson Cooper very sensitive matter I need to discuss with him that day Anderson Cooper person . "   The exclusive interview , which aired in its entirety Tuesday evening , was Yates’ first on television since being fired by President Donald Trump . It was taped on Monday morning , prior to an explosive report by The New York Times that Trump had asked President Donald Trump FBI Director James Comey to end the investigation into Flynn .   Earlier this month , Yates testified in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee ’s Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism regarding the Trump campaign ’s alleged ties to Russia , particularly Flynn ’s contact Flynn Russian Ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak .   Prior to Trump taking office , Flynn had discussed Flynn with the official .   During her testimony she Flynn that Flynn at the end of January , after reading the details of a Flynn interview with Flynn FBI , she had called Flynn and warned him that Trump McGahn national security adviser could easily become a blackmail target for Russians based on the answers Flynn gave to Flynn FBI . the FBI a question from Cooper on whether she agreed with the Cooper House line that Flynn was dismissed Flynn a " trust issue " rather than a legal one , she said , " Cooper do n’t know how the White House reached the conclusion that there was no legal issue . It certainly was n’t from my discussion with them . "   the White House demurs on whether Cooper thought that his Cooper with Russian officials was a fireable offense .    " Whether he is fired or his is a decision by the President of the United States to make , but it does n’t seem like that ’s a person who should be sitting in the national security adviser position , " she said .   Cooper things we learned from the Sally Yates hearing , Urgency , Yates told Cooper that Sally Yates expected the White Sally Yates to act urgently on information that she had given the Sally Yates that Flynn had been compromised by his contact with Russian Flynn prior to Trump ’s inauguration .   " We expected the White House to the White House she said . When Sally Yates by Cooper if she expected Cooper administration Sally Yates act quickly , the administration that Flynn had been compromised by his contact with Russian officials prior to Trump’s inauguration , " Yes . "   " There was an urgency to the information ? " Cooper clarified . " Cooper , " Yates said . Flynn remained in his Yates for 18 Flynn after Yates Flynn informed the administration about her Yates over his the administration that Flynn had been compromised by his contact with Russian officials prior to Trump’s inauguration   Preet Bharara , Sally Flynn and James Comey : Fired while investigating Donald Trump , Let go , Yates , who was appointed by President Barack Obama , was fired as acting attorney general at the end of January when she refused to defend Sally Yates President ’s first attempt at a ban on travelers and refugees entering the US from a number of    countries .   She was dismissed for Sally Yates refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States , " the White House said at the time . " ( Yates ) has betrayed the Department of Justice , " the White House statement said . Yates also the White House was behind the leaking of Yates) story to The Yates) Post about Flynn ’s calls with Kislyak , which led to his dismissal . " Absolutely not . I did not Flynn I would not leak classified information , " she told Cooper . She said that she was " Yates) " that her Yates) appeared not Yates) be acted upon , but Yates) that " something else " might have been done " that maybe I just was n’t aware of . " Asked what she thought of a tweet from Trump ahead of her Yates) before the Senate committee , seemingly accusing her Yates) leaking the story to the Post , she Yates) that it was just one of " a Yates) of tweets that have given me pause . " Before she refused to defend the travel ban , Yates said Yates) considered resigning . " The bottom line is I Yates) like resigning would have protected my personal integrity , but not the integrity of the Department of Justice , " she said . Ultimately , she told Cooper , she Yates) no regrets about her Yates) during her tenure Yates) acting attorney general . Yates) Yates said Yates) does not plan on getting into politics Yates despite Yates) that she may run for Georgia governor . 
 Yates) 