  ( CNN ) Debbie Wasserman Schultz ’s stewardship of the Democratic National Committee has been under fire through most of the presidential primary process .   Now , on the eve of the party ’s convention , Debbie Wasserman Schultz is facing pressure to resign , and will have no major role on the convention stage , after Wikileaks released nearly 20 , 000 DNC emails that bolster Sanders’ supporters’ claims that the the party’s Clinton .   One email appears to show DNC staffers DNC how they can DNC staffers Bernie Sanders’ faith to weaken him in Bernie Sanders’ eyes of Southern voters . Another seems to depict an attorney advising the committee on how to defend Hillary Clinton against an accusation by the Sanders campaign of not living up to a joint fundraising agreement . Here ’s what you need to know about the DNC email DNC so far : Emails leaked from seven DNC officials , The leaks , from January 2015 to May 2016 , feature Democratic staffers debating everything from how to deal with challenging media requests to coordinating the committee ’s message with other powerful interests in Washington .   The emails Emails from the accounts of seven DNC officials , DNC said . CNN has not independently established the emails’ authenticity . The emails could Emails supporters’ charge that the DNC was biased DNC DNC a position Sanders himself underscored when he endorsed Wasserman Schultz ’s Sanders supporters’ opponent in her Florida congressional race . Clinton     Baltimore mayor and DNC Secretary Stephanie    denied any suggestion that Clinton ’s camp was treated Clinton     by the committee . " My expectation is beyond your opinion about a candidate , that you act evenly . All of the officers took a pledge of neutrality and I honored that , and I take that very seriously , "    told CNN ’s Poppy Harlow . She added : " I know Poppy Harlow the chair will hold those employees accountable if they ’re found to have acted those employees of that neutrality and   . " Asked about the exchanges ,    said : " Expressing an    about a candidate does n’t mean that you ’re in collusion , does n’t mean that you are actively working against them . And I do n’t you’re in collusion that that ’s what it shows . " Questioning Sanders’ faith , One email features DNC staffers appearing to ponder ways to undercut Sanders , an insurgent Democrat who had a bitter relationship with party leadership .   DNC hack : What you need to know , On May 5 , a DNC employee asked colleagues to " DNC someone to ask his belief " in God and someone that it could make a difference in Kentucky and West Virginia . Sanders’ name is not mentioned in the note . " This could make several points difference with my peeps . My Southern Baptist peeps would draw my peeps a Jew and an atheist , " DNC chief financial officer Brad Marshall wrote . Marshall did not respond to a request for comment DNC chief financial officer Brad Marshall   Clinton prods DNC for intervention , In another email , an DNC for the Clinton campaign appears to advise the DNC on how Clinton respond to a dispute DNC two campaigns over how much money Clinton ’s operation had raised for state parties . Sanders’ Clinton that Clinton ’s team was not handing over its fair share of Clinton , which Sanders’ campaign manager Jeff Clinton’s team said was " Clinton’s team " and " looting . " " My suggestion is that the DNC put out a statement saying that the accusations the Sanders campaign are not true . The fact that CNN notes Sanders’ campaign n’t getting between the two campaigns is the problem , " Marc E. Elias wrote . " Here , Sanders is attacking the DNC and its current practice , its past practice with Sanders POTUS and with Sec Kerry . Just as the its pushes back directly on Trump over ’rigged system,’ the DNC should push back DIRECTLY at Sanders and say that what he is saying is false and harmful ( to ) the Democratic party . Sanders Elias and the Clinton campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment Saturday . Favoring bigger donors , Another exchange involves a discussion on whether to move Maryland ophthalmologist Sreedhar Potarazu from sitting beside President Barack Obama at a DNC event after National Finance Director Jordan Kaplan said he gave less money than Philip Munger , another donor . " It would National Finance Director Jordan Kaplan nice to take care of him from the DNC side , " Kaplan wrote , referring to Munger . National Finance Director Jordan Kaplan told CNN Saturday that he wants National Finance Director Jordan Kaplan from top DNC officials Philip Munger how they are responding to these Potarazu , which have surfaced days before the Democratic top DNC officials . " I was obviously shocked to see my name in the middle of all of this because I ’m just an innocent bystander , " he said . " I ’m curious to see what ’s happening at the Potarazu levels of the DNC ’m now , " he added . " I do n’t know , but I ’m sure it Potarazu a fire drill . The timing is not good . ’m Wasserman Schultz attacks Weaver , Wasserman Shultz also called Weaver a " damn liar " in May after he criticized the Nevada Democratic Weaver following protests among Sanders supporters who said Clinton Wasserman Shultz backers had subverted party rules . They shouted down    speakers and sent threatening messages to state party Chairwoman Roberta Lange after posting her phone number and address on social media . " The state party there state party Chairwoman Roberta Lange a lot of problems . They ’ve run things the Nevada Democratic Party has been done very undemocratically , " Weaver said the Nevada Democratic Party CNN in May. " And there seems to be an unwillingness on the part of the Nevada Democratic Party to bring in all of the new people that Bernie Sanders has brought into the process . " The DNC chair responded in an email : " Damn liar . Particularly scummy that he barely acknowledges the violent and threatening behavior that occurred . " And in an email quoting Bernie Sanders as saying , " I think we should go to the convention , " Wasserman Shultz Weaver : " He is an ASS . " Trump ’s response : ’RIGGED’ Republican nominee Donald Trump , however Wasserman Shultz said the emails were proof of the Democrats’ " rigged " system , resurfacing an attack he ’s leveled against the party before . " Leaked    of DNC show plans to destroy ’RIGGED’ Republican nominee Donald Trump Sanders . Mock his heritage and much more .    from Wikileakes , really vicious . RIGGED , " Trump Bernie Sanders Saturday morning . 
 ’RIGGED’ Republican nominee Donald Trump    