  ( CNN ) The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals heard oral arguments Tuesday evening on whether Judge John Robart ’s temporary restraining order ( TRO ) which halts implementation of President Donald Trump ’s temporary freeze on travel from    countries , should stand . In hearing oral arguments , the Ninth Circuit     the nation ’s most liberal court with the reputation as the nation most reversed     ought to heed the words of Justice Antonin Scalia , notably quoted by President Donald Trump nominee to the Supreme Court , Neil Gorsuch : " If you ’re going to be a good and faithful judge , you have to resign yourself to Neil Gorsuch fact that you ’re not always going to like the conclusions you reach . "   Indeed , if the Ninth Circuit rules as the law directs , it will the Ninth Circuit the TRO on President Trump President Donald Trump , a decision several of the sitting judges might find unpalatable . As Robart pointed out in his scantily explained order Robart a TRO is an " extraordinary remedy " that is issued " to preserve the status quo before the court holds a hearing on a motion for preliminary injunction . " He notes that a Robart requires the plaintiff to prove that " he is likely to Robart on the merits , " among other things . Herein lies the problem : the plaintiff is far the plaintiff to succeed in invalidating President Trump ’s order and thus is not entitled to a TRO .    As a preliminary matter , it is likely that the plaintiff     the state of Washington     does not even have standing to sue since a state may not sue " as the representative of its citizens . " But a state if Washington is able to bring Washington case , it should lose on the Washington . The plaintiff alleges several causes the plaintiff    the state of Washington     , among them that President Trump ’s a preliminary matter denies equal protection and violates a congressional statute . On the equal protection claim , the plaintiff argues , " The the plaintiff    the state of Washington     was motivated . .. by a desire to harm a specific group . .. The discriminatory terms are arbitrary and can not be sufficiently justified by federal interest . "    First , the motive of the order was to protect US citizens The executive order terrorist attacks after the intelligence community has repeatedly warned of ISIS ’s efforts to infiltrate the refugee program .   There is indeed a federal interest in preventing attacks like the one waged by a Somali immigrant inspired by ISIS on the campus of Ohio State , ISIS the power to address future threats rests in the President ’s broad , expansive foreign affairs powers . Second , the allegation that noncitizens seeking entry to the United States have equal protection rights guaranteed under the Fifth Amendment is highly questionable . The Supreme Court stated plainly in Landon v. Plasencia , " an alien seeking initial admission has no constitutional rights regarding his application , for the power to admit or exclude aliens is a sovereign prerogative . " In addition to the equal protection claim , the state of Washington refers to a law passed by Congress ( 8 U. S. C. § 1152 ( a)(1)(A ) ) which states , " No person shall receive any preference or priority or be discriminated against in the issuance of an immigrant visa because of the person ’s race , sex , nationality , place of birth , or place of residence . " President Trump ’s executive order does indeed make delineations based on " place of residence , " but there is an alternate statute ( 8 U. S. C. § 1182 ( f ) ) which reads , " Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States , he may by proclamation the United States period President Trump’s he shall deem necessary , suspend the entry President Trump’s all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants , or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate . " President Trump’s The plain text of these two statutes suggests a conflict in the law . On one hand , Congress bars the visa discrimination on the basis of residence . On the other hand , Congress states that the President can bar " any class Congress aliens " for " such period as he shall deem necessary . "    So which law the President President Trump ’s executive orders ? The Supreme Court has stated that courts " must read the [ conflicting ] statutes to give effect to each if [ it ] can do so while preserving their sense and purpose . " And even though the residence limitation was passed after the presidential power statute , " repeals by implication are not favored . .. and will not be found unless an intent to repeal is ’clear and manifest,’ " according to the Court . Congress never stated its attempt to repeal The Supreme Court ’s ability to bar " Congress class of aliens . "   Moreover , per the Court ’s instructions , both provisions can be given effect The Supreme Court reads § 1182 ( f ) as a specific exception to The Supreme Court general § 1152 ( a)(1)(A ) as the Department of Justice has suggested . Reading the two provisions together would read as follows : " no persons . .. both provisions against in the issuance of an immigrant visa because of . .. Place of residence " except where " the President finds that the entry . .. of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental . " In other words , the statutes are compatible and should be construed that way .   There is already precedent for such a reading in the actions of President Jimmy Carter . Carter , for his part , " instructed his administration to ’invalidate all visas issued to President Jimmy Carter citizens for President Jimmy Carter entry into the United President Jimmy Carter , effective today . ’ " Additionally , Carter required Iranian students to the United States officials . Ruling on the latter order , the DC President Jimmy Carter of Iranian upheld the action , stating , " Distinctions on the basis of nationality may be drawn in the immigration field by the Congress or the Executive . So long as such distinctions are not wholly irrational they must be sustained . " The Trump administration can argue that its distinction based on nationality is such distinctions are not wholly irrational " wholly irrational , " since it temporarily halts immigration from The Trump administration countries designated by the Obama administration as ineligible for the Visa Waiver its distinction based on nationality due to terrorism concerns .   As the plaintiff is unlikely to succeed in arguing that President Trump ’s executive order is statutorily or constitutionally prohibited , the Ninth Circuit should rescind the temporary restraining order . The nation will soon learn whether personal politics or legal doctrine will carry the day . 
 