’   ’ ’    Democratic lawmakers quickly came up with a   for President Donald Trump’ ’s unexpected firing of    FBI Director James Comey   —    the " Tuesday Afternoon Massacre . " ’ ’    The    moniker is a reference to the " Saturday Night    Massacre " on October 20 , 1973 , when    Richard    Nixon fired special prosecutor Archibald Cox amid Cox’ ’s    investigation into the Watergate scandal . ’ ’    Critics of Trump instantly drew parallels between Cox and    Comey , who was leading an investigation into possible ties    between Trump and Russia .   ’ ’    Here’ ’s what happened during the " Saturday Night Massacre . " ’ ’    Cox had been appointed by Attorney General Elliot Richardson    in May 1973 to investigate the    of the Oval Office complex one year earlier . ’ ’’ ’    In July 1973 , Cox issued a subpoena to Nixon ,    asking the president to turn over recordings of    conversations between Nixon and White Nixon officials that were    taped in the Oval Office . ’ "    Nixon demurred , Nixon offering Cox a compromise in which    Sen. John Stennis would review the tapes and issue a summary for    Cox ’s office . " ’    But when Cox turned down the compromise , a compromise in which   Sen. John Stennis would review the tapes and issue a summary for   Cox’s office president ordered Richardson , his attorney general , the   president Cox . Cox refused and resigned in protest Richardson as did    Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus . Solicitor General    Robert Bork , who was next in line in the Justice Department ,    followed through with the firing , completing the " massacre . " ’ "    The dismissal contributed to the public ’s growing distrust in    Nixon , and calls to impeach the president immediately    intensified . When the Watergate tapes were made public in    August of the following year    including one in which    Nixon told officials to ask   Nixon   Nixon stop the    investigation , his support all but disappeared . He    in    disgrace three days    . " ’    For 44 years , the Saturday Night Massacre was the only time a    president has fired the person leading an investigation bearing    on him , . ’ "    That a   president changed with Comey ’s firing on Tuesday , and for Trump ,    the Nixonian comparisons may be just beginning . " ’Democratic lawmakers quickly came up with a. .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 