’   ’ ’    It is sometimes difficult to get a detailed , direct answer from    President Trump and his surrogates on their economic policy .    During the campaign he slid past substance by making sweeping    claims of how , under a Trump administration , the U. S. would ’’ " win    bigly " and " stop being taken advantage of . " ’ ’    Those pronouncements continue . ’ "    But luckily , there is one voice coming from the White House that    clearly articulates the direction in which    wants this country    to head economically . one voice coming from the White House that   clearly articulates the direction in which it wants this country   to head economically belongs to Peter Navarro , the    head of Trump ’s newly formed   " "    Over the last few weeks , Navarro Peter Navarro given a number of interviews    that explain the administration ’s propensity for victimhood , an    obsession with Germany , and a    desire to change the    face of the American economy as we know it . " ’    All of these factors have contributed to growing fears that this    administration will start a trade war with any of the countries    it has scapegoated   —    Mexico , China , or yes , now , Germany . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Those are dramatic words , that could easily . So you should know what ’s coming . " "    Perhaps the most notable thing about Navarro is the work he Navarro    done on China China For one thing , it ’s an indication of why he Navarro a    Democrat by registration ) was chosen by Trump .   His 2011    book ’Death by China’ was turned into a documentary y " "    In it His 2011   book ’Death by China’ he His 2011   book ’Death by China’ many of the things Trump Trump on the campaign    trail   —    that China is manipulating its China in order to    export more goods to the United States ; that it China hurting our China manufacturing sector . " ’    One expert claims that   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    The reality is that for the past year or so our China deficit     and Germany has narrowed without the China threats or accusations . ’ "    According to Deutsche Bank , China only accounts for 16 % of our    trade China . And when it comes to service industries like    banking , healthcare and technology we ’ve been running a trade    surplus with China . " China   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Again , yes the U. S. economy is the envy of the world for its high    the U. S. economy sector and services sectors , but that ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    The work of multilateral trade deals has been done , and with some    difficulty . But the Trump administration would like to undo them . ’ the Trump administration   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’      ’ "    Listen to Business Insider ’s Linette Lopez and Josh Barro talk    Trump and trade on their podcast , Linette Lopez and Josh Barro talk    " ’ ’ ’      ’ ’It is sometimes difficult to get a detailed . .. ’ 
 