  ( CNN ) The cast of " Stranger Things " won big at Sunday night ’s SAG Awards , and star David Harbour used his moment in the spotlight to deliver a speech that got some of his fellow actors on some of his fellow actors feet .   Harbour , who plays Chief Jim Hopper on the Netflix series , spoke for the cast as the cast took the stage to accept the cast award for best ensemble in a drama series .   " This award from you , who take your craft seriously and earnestly believe , like me , that great acting can change the world is a call to arms from our fellow craftsmen and women to go deeper and , through our art , to battle against fear ,    and exclusivity of our predominantly narcissistic culture , " me said . " And through our , cultivate a more empathetic and understanding society by revealing intimate truths that serve as a forceful reminder to folks that when they feel broken , and afraid and tired they they not alone . "   RELATED : SAG winners list : Who won what , Harbour ’s words caused his    Winona Ryder to pump her his   Winona Ryder in the air .   " We are united in that we We all human beings , and we We all together on this horrible , painful , joyous , exciting and mysterious ride that is being alive , " Harbour Harbour .   Harbour Harbour his speech with a call to action on what was already a    evening .   " Now , as we act in the continuing narrative of ’Stranger Things,’ we 1983 midwesterners will repel bullies , we we shelter freaks and outcasts     those who have no homes     [ and ] we will get past the lies , we we hunt monsters and when we we lost amidst the hypocrisy and casual violence of certain individuals and institutions , we we as per Chief Jim Hopper , punch some people in the face when they some people to destroy the weak , and the disenfranchised and the marginalized and we we do it all with soul , with heart and joy , " he Chief Jim Hopper .   " Hidden Figures " star Taraji P. Henson cheered from the crowd . " The People v. O. J. Simpson " star Courtney B. Vance stood from his The People v. O. J. Simpson" star Courtney B. Vance . And " Orange is the New Black " cast member Lea DeLaria put two hands in the air .   " We thank you for this responsibility , " Harbour added .   RELATED : Stars get animated on SAG Awards red carpet , Speaking backstage after the awards , Harbour Harbour while the cast was not anticipating a win , he the cast written his the cast because he the cast " bad at improvisation . "   " I did not want to go up there with nothing to say , " he the cast , adding that the his speech through " many iterations . "   " I ’ve had a lot of feelings and thoughts this last week and I wanted to express it in some way that dealt with what we do through our art we " he the cast , making reference to the various executive orders put in place by President Donald Trump , without mentioning Trump by name .   In the minutes after Harbour ’s speech , Ryder ’s animated    reaction caught attention on the internet . Harbour said Harbour the cast did n’t see her reaction , " but claimed he the cast run the speech Harbour’s speech of his the cast mates in advance .   " I was very appreciative of their feedback , some of his cast mates in advance he the cast .   " Stranger Things " beat out the likes of " Game of Thrones , " Westworld , " " Downton Abbey , " and " The Crown " in the ensemble category . 
 