’   ’ ’    The controversy surrounding the role President Trump’ ’s lawyer    played in pushing a " peace plan " for Russia and Ukraine on the    National Security Council is " an absurd attempt to distract " from    Trump’ ’s reforms , the White House told Business Insider on    Tuesday . ’ "    Trump ’s personal lawyer , Michael Cohen , was at the center of a     published Sunday that said Trump had      a plan to former National Security Adviser Michael    Flynn before Flynn was asked to resign . a plan to former National Security Adviser Michael   Flynn before Flynn was asked to resign reported in the    paper involved lifting sanctions on Russia in return for Moscow    withdrawing its Moscow    for    separatists in Ukraine . " ’    " No one in the White House   —    including the President , Vice    President and senior members of the NSC [ National Security    Council ]   —    has spoken to Mr. Cohen about any    peace    proposal , and no one has spoken to Andrii Artemenko at all about    any matter , " a White House spokesperson told Business Insider on    Tuesday , referring to the Ukrainian lawmaker who had reportedly    helped draft the peace plan . ’ ’    " In addition , the NSC keeps comprehensive records of documents    received , and we have no record of receiving any proposal from       Cohen , " the spokesperson said . " This is another absurd ,       attempt to distract from the real reform taking place    under President Trump . " ’ "    The plan ’s existence was first reported by   which said Cohen met with Artemenko and    businessman Felix Sater in a hotel lobby on Park Avenue in    Manhattan in late January to discuss it . The Times said Cohen Cohen    told the publication that he Cohen left with the plan in a sealed       , which he Cohen to Flynn . " ’’ "    Hours after the Times The Times was published , however , Cohen Cohen he had Cohen delivered the peace    plan to Flynn or Flynn it with the peace   plan in the White House . " ’     ’ ’    Finally , on Monday afternoon , Cohen   in a series of text messages that he    Cohen   " even knowing what the plan the peace   plan " ’ ’    In a later message , however , Cohen acknowledged that Cohen   had met Cohen   with Artemenko in New York for " under 10 minutes " to discuss a    proposal that Artemenko said " Artemenko acknowledged by Russian    authorities that would create world peace . " ’ ’    " My response was , ’’ Who doesn’’t want world peace ? ’’ " Cohen said . Cohen   ’    One of the Times reporters who broke the story , Scott Shane ,    pointed Business Insider to a statement the newspaper’ ’s deputy    managing editor gave on Sunday : " Mr. Cohen told Cohen   in no    uncertain terms that he delivered the Ukraine Cohen   to Michael    Flynn’ ’s office at the White House . Mr. Sater told the Times that    The Times had told Cohen   same thing . Cohen   ’ ’   ’ ’The controversy surrounding the role President . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 