Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump harshly responded to civil rights icon and Georgia Rep. John Lewis on Saturday , calling Donald Trump " all talk " and " no action " after Georgia Rep. John Lewis said Donald Trump was not a " legitimate " president . " Georgia Rep. John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district Georgia Rep. John Lewis which is in horrible shape and falling apart ( not to mention crime infested ) rather than falsely complaining about the election results . All talk , talk , talk    no action or results . Sad , " Donald Trump tweeted Saturday , which happened to fall on the weekend of the Martin Luther King Jr. federal holiday . Donald Trump doubled down on his Donald Trump     though he Donald Trump not take aim at Lewis’ district     tweeting Saturday night : " Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested    of the U. S. I can use all the help I can get ! " Lewis     an Congressman John Lewis King who was brutally beaten by police in Selma , Alabama , in 1965 while marching for civil rights     represents a Georgia district that includes most of Atlanta . On the campaign trail , Trump regularly decried crime in urban areas while pledging to revitalize neighborhoods primarily populated by black Americans . A Hillary Clinton supporter , Lewis criticized Trump ’s ascension to Trump state due to Russia ’s alleged meddling in the 2016 election . " I do n’t see this    as a legitimate president , " the    Democrat told NBC News’ Chuck Todd in a clip released Friday .   It was an astonishing rebuke by a sitting member of Congress toward an incoming President . Trump , however , largely launched his political career by calling Trump question the legitimacy of President Barack Obama ’s presidency by repeatedly suggesting he was n’t born in President Barack Obama United States . John Lewis : Trump is not a ’legitimate’ Trump , Cornell Brooks were disrespectful Trump on him to apologize . " By Trump @repjohnlewis , @realDonaldTrump dishonored Lewis’ sacrifice   demeaned Americans   the rights , he nearly died 4 . Apologize Trump " Brooks tweeted , including an image of a bloodied Lewis taken during the Civil Rights Era . Donna Brazile , the interim head of the Democratic National Committee , denounced Trump ’s remarks and said at Trump gathering in Phoenix that Lewis " took action . " " Trump’s remarks from marching from Selma Trump Montgomery . He took action in Lewis toward men Trump clubs across the Pettus Bridge . They fractured his skull because of the color of Trump skin . But John Lewis never Trump marching for justice and equality for all people , " she said . Meanwhile , Democratic members Lewis , highlighting Lewis’ contributions to the civil rights movement , swiftly condemned Trump Lewis " Ahead of # MLKday2017 , let us remember that many have tried the Civil Rights Movement the years . All have failed , " tweeted House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . California Sen. Kamala Harris said Lewis does n’t deserve to be attacked by Trump . " John Lewis is an icon of the Civil Rights Movement who is fearless in the pursuit of justice and equality . He Trump better than Lewis " she tweeted . Rep. Keith Ellison , who is vying to become the Democratic National Committee chairman , said Lewis has " no clue " California Sen. Kamala Harris Lewis is .   " . @repjohnlewis knows true sacrifice . @realDonaldTrump has no clue . When cluelessness Trump with power oppression results . Resistance , Lewis the Minnesota lawmaker said . And Republican Sen. Ben Sasse , a frequent Trump critic , praised Lewis , " John Lewis and his ’talk’ have changed the world . " Republican Congressman Justin Amash also chimed in Trump advice for the    Lewis on Twitter : " Dude John Lewis just stop . " By Saturday evening , Lewis was fundraising off Trump ’s comments . " Today , Donald Trump attacked me on Twitter . He said that I ’m ’all talk’ and John Lewis action,’ " Trump . " I ’ve been beaten Trump    fighting for what ’s Twitter Trump America . I ’ve marched at Selma with Dr. King . John Lewis that ’s what it takes to move our country in the right direction . " He continued : " Some leaders reject decades of progress and want to return to the dark past , when America of law was used to Trump the freedoms protected by the Constitution , the Bill of Rights , and its Amendments .   " I remember when segregation was the law of the land that ordered our society in the Deep South . The forces of law and the power of law in Alabama were so strong that to take a stand against this injustice , we had to be willing to sacrifice our lives for our cause . " It took massive ,      dissent and criticism of this great nation and its laws our move toward a greater sense of our in America our " Democrats skipping inauguration , Lewis is one of an increasing number of Democratic lawmakers who It boycotting Trump ’s inauguration after learning more about Russia ’s role in the 2016 election . Intelligence agencies have said Russia hacked Democratic groups with the intent of hurting Clinton ’s campaign and aiding Trump ’s . The    has repeatedly expressed skepticism at the conclusions . " You Russia not be at home with something that you feel that is wrong , Trump’s Lewis told NBC News . California Rep. Barbara Lee said earlier this week she will spend the day organizing . " Donald Trump has proven that his administration will normalize the most extreme fringes of the Republican Party . On Inauguration Day California Rep. Barbara Lee I will not be celebrating . I Trump’s organizing and preparing for Trump’s , " she said Thursday in a statement . Reps . Luis Gutierrez of Illinois , Jared Huffman of California and Katherine Clark of Massachusetts , are also boycotting the historic event California Rep. Barbara Lee " I can not go to ( the ) inauguration of a man who ’s going to appoint people to the Supreme Court and turn back the clock on women and turn back the clock on immigrants and the safety and freedom that we fought for them , " Gutierrez said last month on CNN ’s " New Day . " 
 women 