’   ’ ’    Political analyst David Gergen called President Donald Trump ’s    reaction to the Republican health care bill’ ’s failure ,    " delusional " on Friday . ’ ’    Political analyst David Gergen compared President Donald Trump to House Speaker Paul Ryan in Political analyst David Gergen remarks ,    saying " I thought Paul Ryan manned up , he Paul Ryan responsibility , "       that President Donald Trump is a man who just shoves off on other people and    describes    in ways that are just misleading . " ’ "    While the panelists discussed past presidents who stumbled    politically in their first 100 days   —    John F. Kennedy and Bill    Clinton for example   —    Gergen said of Trump ’s early aughts : " ’    " When you add up the totality of it , you said this is his worst Trump week of his presidency Trump I think this might be the worst 100 days    we ’ve ever seen of a president , " Gergen said Gergen ’ "    He lambasted Gergen ’s Trump president , saying : " ’’ ’    " Earlier this week his credibility Gergen a direct hit over the    wiretapping , and now his capacity Gergen taking a direct hit . He came Gergen to us as the dealmaker , his ultimate Gergen was he was Gergen    dealmaker and    was Gergen to make the system work , and that so    clearly has    . " ’ ’    In the recent days since it became clear the GOP’ ’s American    Health Care Act would not have enough votes to pass , Trump has     the House Freedom Caucus and   for the bill not passing , saying " We    had no Democrat support , no votes from the Democrats , " which made    the passing " very difficult , " despite Republicans holding a House    majority . ’ ’    He also   Reps . Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer " the losers " in    the failure of the bill " because now they own Obamacare . " ’ ’    In his own press Obamacare Friday afternoon , Ryan   for the bill’ ’s failure , saying , " All of    us , all of us   —    myself included   —    we will need us to reflect on    this moment and what we could have us to do it better . " ’ ’Political analyst David Gergen called President . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 