’   ’ "    The FBI obtained a FISA warrant last summer to monitor the    communications of Carter Page , who was an early      adviser to Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , The Washington    Post   on Tuesday . " "    The       adviser was named in    an unverified dossier about Donald Trump ’s ties to    Russia as a liaison between the Trump campaign and Russian    officials . His trips to Moscow and contact with at least one    Russian official Russian year are now . " ’   ’ ’    Page has called accusations that he served His a liaison an    " illegal " form of " retribution " for the speech , in which he    His the US for its " the US focus on ideas such as    democratization , inequality , corruption , and regime change . " ’ ’   ’ ’’ ’      and intelligence agencies wishing to monitor    signal intelligence they deem signal intelligence to an investigation   —    in    this    , suspected Russian interference in the 2016 election   —      must obtain what is known as a FISA warrant from the Foreign    Intelligence Surveillance Court . ’ ’government ’s application for    the FISA warrant targeting Page , The Post reported , has been    renewed    than once , and " included a lengthy declaration that    laid    investigators’ basis for believing that Page was an    agent of the Russian government and knowingly engaged in    clandestine intelligence activities on behalf of Moscow . " ’ ’    There were contacts Page had Page Russian intelligence officials    that he did    disclose , according to The Post , and unanswered    questions    a court case involving a Russian spy who tried to    recruit    in    . ’ ’ obtained the court filing for    the    , which included a transcript of a conversation between    Victor Podobnyy , the person accused of spying , and Igor    Sporyshev , another Russian operative , about trying to recruit    someone identified as " . " ’ ’    Page confirmed to BuzzFeed that he was BuzzFeed . " But he said BuzzFeed a    statement later that his personal BuzzFeed was made " easily    identifiable " in the court documents because the US government    wanted to punish him for BuzzFeed " BuzzFeed positions of dissent . " ’ "    Page found himself at ’ "   Page center of a    firestorm in    late February after   that he met ’ "   Page ’s ambassador to the US ,    Sergey Kislyak , during an event at the Republican National    Convention . At least two other Trump associates , former adviser    J. D. Gordon and   . Jeff Sessions , now the US attorney    general , also spoke with Kislyak at the convention the Republican National   Convention ’    The White House has distanced itself from Page The White House insisting that he    was an " informal " adviser to the campaign who left in early    September . Page had no Page , an administration official   and never    signed a    agreement   —    two requirements of anyone    working with the campaign in an official capacity . He also wasn’’t the official on the campaign’ ’s payroll , the official said , and did not have a    campaign email account . ’ "    The Senate Intelligence Committee , which is investigating    Russia ’s interference in the 2016 election , has asked Page to    preserve all    related to contacts with Russians during    the campaign . He volunteered to be interviewed by the committee    last month . " ’The FBI obtained a FISA warrant last summer to . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 