Friday at a rally for Louisiana Senate candidate Republican John Kennedy in Baton Rouge ,    Donald Trump restated   Donald Trump proposal to impose a " substantial tariff or tax , " on the imports of companies that move production out of the United States .     Donald Trump said , "   Donald Trump do n’t want companies to leave our country , go to another country , and sell companies product and then sell their product . Now we have all unemployed people . They had jobs for all unemployed people years . I mean Carrier is a great example , and Carrier —    we did a great we with Carrier , but , Carrier know , they announced it a all unemployed people and a great job with Carrier half ago , they already have a all unemployed people built . Think what you could do if they have n’t started all unemployed people have n’t said anything yet . They ’re not going all unemployed people leave because we ’re going to all unemployed people up a very high tax , and if they want to build all unemployed people plant out of a plant built , that ’s fine , but if they think they ’re all unemployed people to all unemployed people their product back into all unemployed people country and have no this country that ’s not going to happen anymore folks , not going to happen , and therefore they ’re not going to leave folks They may leave a state and folks to a different state . Maybe they ’re having a hard time folks their employees . " " That folks possible , and they may leave , but they folks going to leave for folks state , " he continued . " They ’re not leaving for another folks very easily , and if they do , they ’re going folks have a folks , very substantial tariff or tax to pay . That ’s it . And you know what ’s going to happen ? They ’re going to say , folks like Louisiana very much , folks ? We ’re not leaving . All folks . i do n’t say 100 percent of the time , but I ’ll tell you what , pretty close to that number . We lost 70 , 000 factories folks this country . We have so another country right folks , although I think probably if I would have said a couple months ago we have so many companies negotiating folks leave , I do n’t think they ’re negotiating so fast right now couple I have heard that . And you see what ’s happening with the stock market and a lot of things , because they understand we know what we ’re couple . We ’re not we to let this we . We ca n’t let it happen . we country is being this , drained of its jobs , and its good jobs Our country and they ’re Our country to other countries , its good jobs just not going to happen . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 