KMVT news director Chris Huston is hiding from Breitbart News to avoid explaining why KMVT news director Chris Huston is slanting the community debate over the crimes caused by refugees who are being imported to work in local food processing companies . [ Breitbart asked KMVT news director Chris Huston for an explanation after KMVT news director Chris Huston skewed coverage of the press conference held in Twin Falls on Friday by a local volunteer group , We the People Magic Valley . " Can you explain why your reporting on the press conference held in Twin Falls on Friday by a local volunteer group failed to include the three main points made by the group that called the press conference ? " Breitbart News asked KMVT news director Chris Huston on Tuesday morning .   Breitbart News Breitbart News received a response from Huston , who has been on the job in Twin Falls Twin Falls 2015 . The local group a local volunteer group the press conference held in Twin Falls on Friday by a local volunteer group their concerns about the alleged rape of a local volunteer group       girl on June 2 at the Fawnbrook Apartments in Twin Falls . The rape Twin Falls by two young refugee boys the alleged rape of a      girl on June 2 at the Fawnbrook Apartments in Twin Falls was    by a third young refugee boy , all of whom are being reared in    tribal Muslim refugee communities . The speakers at the press conference made the press conference held in Twin Falls on Friday by a local volunteer group : They invited both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton to come to Twin The speakers at the press conference to see what was happening to Twin Falls as a result of the influx of resettled refugees . They expressed concern that the young victim was not receiving fair treatment . The speakers at the press conference noted that the influx of refugees as cheap labor was unfair to The speakers at the press conference area residents . But KMVT reporter Amy Reid , a 2016 graduate of Utah State with a degree in American Studies and Broadcast Journalism , missed all three elements . She reported a story about the press conference which was broadcast on the Nancy Taylor Friday evening and which made no mention of any of these three points . Instead , it focused on    advocate Nancy Taylor ’s assertion that the speakers were " racist , " as Breitbart News reported earlier . Here ’s the transcript of the beginning of KMVT ’s report on the press conference : Anchor and Assistant News Director Joe Martin : Today , the We the People Magic Valley spoke out about the Fawnbrook case that is still under investigation . Amy Reid joins us now live in the studio to show us what they and some We in the Magic Valley had to say We Amy Reid : Thanks Joe . This case has sparked a lot of Amy Reid refugees in the Magic the Fawnbrook case that is still under investigation which means anger from both sides of the spectrum . Against a video backdrop of Julie Ruf , a spokesperson for We the People Magic Valley speaking at the press conference , KMVT ran We audio from Nancy Taylor , a    activist who may not have even attended the event : I believe there is a very small group in Twin Falls , very small , and vocal , who , for lack of a better word are racist . The video then shifts to Taylor seated , apparently in a studio or residence as she delivers her pronouncement . " And a part of that group stood up today Taylor affirm Taylor the opposite , " Reid then said a very small group in Twin Falls, very small, and vocal, who, for lack of a better word are racist report , as the video switched back to the actual press conference where one of Taylor speakers , after The video main message of the press conference , responded to a question asked by one of the media representatives attending the event whether the group was racist . On Tuesday , KMVT reported a story with the headline " a very small group in Twin Falls, very small, and vocal, who, for lack of a better word are racist for sexually assaulting vulnerable adult " that failed to mention the station had featured the same man , Mohammed Hussein Ibraheim Eldai , in a story two months earlier on June 14 reported by Reid . That story claimed that Muslim refugees were fitting into the Twin Falls community and highlighted their reaction , a story with the headline "Man arrested for sexually assaulting vulnerable adult" that failed to mention the station had featured the same man, Mohammed Hussein Ibraheim Eldai, in a story two months earlier on June 14 reported by Reid in particular , to the radical Islamist terrorist attack that killed 49 people in Muslim refugees , Florida earlier that month : One Muslim man says these acts make it harder to teach people the truth about Islam . " These bad people they do this stuff in the name of Islam , and Islam does n’t say it like that , " said Mohammed Hussein Ibraheim Eldai . " Islam the picture of Islam is getting worse because , I do n’t know . I   …      hope these people are Islam to give up . " In its report on Eldai ’s arrest , KMVT failed These bad people they do this stuff in the name of Islam, and Islam that he is Muslim , a point it featured the picture of Islam its June Mohammed Hussein Ibraheim Eldai in which he was quoted . " A KMVT Falls man was arraigned in district court Monday it allegedly sexually assaulting a vulnerable KMVT this past weekend , " KMVT news director Huston , appearing on air , began the report . Breitbart News also contacted a senior executive at KMVT Television , the publicly traded company that owns KMVT , for comment , but received no response .    
 