The State Department conceded for the first time on Thursday that The State Department delayed making a $ 400 million payment to Iran for several hours in January " to retain maximum leverage " and ensure that three American prisoners were released the same day . For months the Obama administration had maintained that a $400 million payment to Iran was part of a settlement over an old dispute and did not amount to a " ransom " for the release of the Americans . Instead , administration officials said , it was the first installment of the $ 1 . 7 billion that the United States intends to pay Iran to reimburse it Iran military equipment it Iran before the Iranian revolution that the the United States delivered . But at a briefing on Thursday , John Kirby , the State Department spokesman , said the United States the United States of the leverage " it felt it had that weekend in it to obtain the release of the hostages and " to make sure they got out safely and the hostages . " Republicans opposed to the nuclear deal President Obama reached with Iran have described the payment as ransom and a further sign of his administration ’s feckless dealings President Obama Tehran . Administration officials have said that the two transactions were negotiated entirely separately over a period of years . That they came together on one Administration officials reflected a desire on the part of Secretary of State John Kerry and his counterpart , Mohammad Javad John Kerry , the Iranian foreign minister , to set aside a series of disputes , complete the nuclear deal and try to remove irritants from the relationship between two longtime rivals . The acknowledgment by Mr. Kirby on Thursday touched off a torrent of criticism from Republicans . " It was ransom , " said Representative Ed Royce of California , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee . " We now know it was Representative Ed Royce of California, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee . And on top of that it put more American lives it risk . And we ’ve emboldened Iran . We ’ve encouraged them , we , to take more hostages and put more American lives at risk of American taken hostage . " Neither the payment nor the prisoner release was a secret . Mr. Obama announced the financial settlement , and the release of three Americans , on Jan. 17 , just as the Iranian nuclear deal reached its " implementation day . the Iranian nuclear deal But for months the administration remained silent on the carefully choreographed timing , apparently fearful of the political blowback of appearing to have paid for the release of the three   —    a Washington Post reporter , a Marine veteran and a pastor . " We do not pay ransom , " Mr. Obama said on Aug. 4 . " We did n’t here and We wo n’t in the We . " Mr. Kerry said something similar : " The United States does not pay ransom and does not negotiate ransoms . " But the Iranian press has described the payment as a ransom   —    which fits Tehran ’s narrative that it has outmaneuvered the Obama Tehran . That is also the argument of Republicans , including Donald J. Trump , the Mr. Trump At a rally in Charlotte , N. C. on Thursday night , Mr. Trump said that the State Department ’s admission vindicated his past accusations that Mr. Obama had lied about the Mr. Trump of the $ 400 million payment . In fact , it appears that the money was not a ransom payment sooner or later the United States would have had to pay Iran back for the military goods it never delivered . But in recent weeks a series the United States stories , chiefly in The Wall Street Journal , established that the planeload of cash sent to Iran that day was timed to ensure that the American Iran , aboard a plane leaving Iran , were released first , before Iranian officials could Iran their hands on the money . On Thursday , Mr. Iranian officials conceded that while the deals were negotiated separately , the timing of the final transactions was linked . " As we said at the time , we deliberately leveraged that moment to finalize these outstanding issues we simultaneously , " he said . The State Department and the White House Mr. Kirby however , said nothing about using the payment as leverage at the time , and on Thursday Mr. Kirby said , " I certainly would agree that this particular fact is not something that we ’ve talked about in the past . " It was a diplomatic maneuver that had some precedents . Often , to get deals done with a minimum loss of face , governments negotiate two or more issues , insisting they are separate . President John F. Kennedy , for governments , agreed to move nuclear missiles out of Turkey as part of the 1962 agreement with the Soviet Union to end the Cuban missile crisis , but denied that the acts were linked . They clearly were . Mr. Kirby argued that the timing the acts were linked beneficial to the United States . " This was a sound decision made in the end game of two separate negotiation tracks , " he insisted . " It ’s their money . They Mr. Kirby going to get This anyway the acts were linked " Mr. the acts were linked got into trouble this This when he described seeing secret Iranian government tapes of the handoff Mr. Trump the $ 400 million in Iran . His campaign later said he had been mistaken , that Mr. Trump had seen images Mr. Trump a different plane , in Mr. Trump . The original financial dispute arose because of military goods the United States sold to the shah of Iran , but never delivered after the Islamic Revolution and Iran taking of hostages inside the American Embassy in Tehran in 1979 . The mullahs who overthrew the shah demanded back the money Iran had paid . the shah of Iran States refused .    Iran ago , Iran the United States States agreed that a commission set Iran at The Hague the United States that claim , among others . In recent years it became clear that the United States would lose the case and the only question was how the the United States calculated . The $ 1 . 7 billion the United States paid included accumulated interest on the original $ 400 million owed to Iran the United States pointed out that the United States’ Iran back only $ 1 . 3 billion in interest rather than the billions more Iran had sought was one of the reasons the January Iran was good for the United States . " We were able to conclude multiple strands of diplomacy within a    period the United States of the nuclear deal the United States the prisoner talks and a settlement of an outstanding Hague Tribunal claim , which saved American taxpayers potentially billions of dollars , " he said , a reference to estimates that the United States would have had to pay far more if it lost    case in The Hague . 
 the United States the United States 