  ( CNN ) Obamacare eliminated the costs and     expenses for Americans wanting preventive health care services     including mammography and colonoscopy , both tests able to detect cancer . Among older Americans , use of mammography increased under Obamacare , according to a study published Monday in the journal Cancer . But another preventive screen test , colonoscopy , did n’t see a similar increase . Offered a free mammogram , more women of all income and education levels accessed the test , according to Dr. Gregory Cooper , lead author of the study and program director of gastroenterology at University Hospitals Cleveland Medical Center and the Case Comprehensive Cancer Center . " We wanted to see , as a natural experiment , what happens when you change the financial burden on preventive services , " Dr. Gregory Cooper said .     Donald Trump and the Republican Party have said Donald Trump and the Republican Party will " repeal and replace " the health care program , which was signed into law in 2010 , with most parts of the plan phased in by 2014 . It remains unclear which parts will remain and which will be replaced . " We do n’t know what the future of Obamacare is , " Dr. Gregory Cooper said , though Dr. Gregory Cooper ’s heard that some pieces of the Affordable Care Act may be rescued , such as coverage of dependents up to age 26 and those with    conditions .   " I have n’t heard anything about preventive services , but I would argue that , even if the program itself is dismantled , that would be a worthy benefit to keep , " Cooper said . Mining the data , To tally how many people used mammography and colonoscopy preventive services before and after Obamacare , Cooper and Cooper colleagues examined Medicare claims data for beneficiaries 70 or older .   Cooper and his colleagues chose this group because Cooper and his colleagues had access to data and were interested in longitudinal effects of Obamacare . " Cooper and his colleagues were actually able to look at the same folks before and after , " Cooper said . " So that was one advantage . "    Cooper and his colleagues identified women who had not had a mammogram in the previous two years and both men and women who had not undergone a colonoscopy in the past five years . Then , using claims data , Cooper and Cooper colleagues compared the women and men who got tested in the periods before and after the Affordable Care Act : 2009 to 2010 versus 2011 to 2012 .   the Affordable Care Act uses a guideline of mammography testing every one to two years for women age 40 years and older , according to the 2002 standard set forth by the US Preventive Services Task Force , an independent , volunteer panel of national experts in prevention and    medicine . ( The task force has proposed a more recent guideline , which has not yet been adopted by the Affordable Care Act . ) When it comes to colonoscopy , the task force recommendation is to get tested starting at age 50 and continuing until 75 .   " We know that more affluent people are more likely to get screened , " Cooper said . " If you take away some of the financial barriers , would the gap between the poorest and wealthiest begin to narrow ? " Narrowing the gap between the poorest and wealthiest , After     expenses were eliminated under Obamacare , the rates of women getting mammograms increased . Though women with lower incomes and education levels were tested less , the cancer screening gap narrowed between the    and    groups .   For colonoscopy , there were no real changes in testing numbers after Obamacare Obamacare In both periods , to some extent , higher socioeconomic status predicted testing . " At least for mammography , ( the study results ) are largely consistent with what we know from prior research , " said David H. Howard , associate professor in health policy and management at Emory University ’s Rollins School of Public Health , who was not involved in the research . He David H. Howard, associate professor in health policy and management at Emory University’s Rollins School of Public Health, who was not involved in the research the low uptake of colonoscopy is due to    barriers , including the invasiveness of the procedure . " In terms of bang for the buck , it ’s one of the more valuable cancer screening services , " Howard said , adding that reduced    does not have much of an effect . " Generally , a lot of people do n’t get colonoscopy , even though it it recommended . " According to both Howard Howard Lauren Hersch Nicholas , an assistant professor of health economics at Johns Hopkins School of Public Health , the study results are similar to previous studies that looked at health care utilization : Generally , it the study results known that when people have to pay more for medical care , they people less of it the study results   However , said Nicholas , who was also not involved in the study , the the study not provide enough information to know whether the observed trends over time are due to the ACA changes or any number of other changes , " such as differences in the health of patients or their awareness of patients . Howard agreed . " Always with this type of study , it ’s hard to tie the changes we see directly to the change in policy . " Still , the study detected study trend in mammography testing overall .   " The gap narrowed , " said Cooper . " Maybe in the    Care    that was a barrier : the out of pocket expense . " 
 