’   ’ "    Hillary Clinton ’s campaign said Saturday that ’  ’ "   Hillary Clinton’s campaign will take part    in a vote recount in Wisconsin .   " "    Stein , the Green Party ’s presidential nominee , has so far raised    millions of dollars to fund the recount effort .   " ’    In a post on     Marc Elias , the Clinton campaign’ ’s counsel , said that the while    the campaign has been actively investigating the election results    with a slew of lawyers and data scientists ,    hasn’’t found any    " actionable evidence " of hacking or " attempts to alter the voting    technology . " ’ ’    " We had not planned to exercise this option We , but    now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin , We intend to    participate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner    that is fair to all sides , " Elias wrote . ’ ’    Elias said the Clinton campaign will continue to cooperate if    Stein pursues recounts in Pennsylvania and Michigan with the    funds Clinton has raised .   ’ ’    Elias also noted that the combined margin of victory for      Donald Trump in Pennsylvania , Wisconsin , and    Michigan , while only 107 , 000 votes , " exceeds the largest margin    ever overcome , " in a recount . The three states account for a    total of 46 electoral votes . ’ ’    " But regardless of the potential to change the outcome in any of    The three states , we feel it is important , on principle , to ensure our we campaign is legally represented in any court proceedings and    represented on the ground in order to monitor the recount process    itself , " Elias wrote .   ’ ’   ’ ’    Elias Elias said that the Clinton campaign will continue to    " perform our due diligence " and " actively follow all further    activities that are to occur prior to the certification of any    election results . " He Elias that Michigan , a key state in the    election , doesn’’t conduct a    audit in the same    manner as Wisconsin and Pennsylvania .   ’ ’    Regardless , the Obama administration   Friday indicating that the    White House stands behind the election results .   ’ ’    " We stand behind our We results , which accurately    reflect the will of the American people , " the statement read . ’ ’    Stein initially raised money for the recount effort over concerns    raised by several top computer scientists who told the The Trump campaign had   based on    voting patterns in the states . Experts have largely debunked       that electronic voting machines could be hacked ,       because the machines are not electronic voting machines the internet . ’ ’    The Trump campaign hasn’’t offered comment about the    recount . However , Kellyanne Conway , Trump’ ’s senior adviser    and former campaign manager ,     on Thursday : " Look who ’’ can’’t accept the election results , ’’ "    linking to a story about Clinton supporters urging such a recount    effort . ’ ’    The deadlines to file recounts in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin are    Monday and Wednesday , respectively . ’ 
 