" Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg ( I ) has   that Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg (I) ’s considering a 2016 presidential run . " " Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg (I) confirmation comes after a   that cited sources close to the billionaire who said he Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg (I) asked his Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg (I) to come up with a plan for what a theoretical    campaign would look like . " ’He told the FT that he ’He " looking at all the options " and that he’ ’s " listening to what candidates are saying and what the primary voters appear to be doing . " ’ ’"I find the level of discourse and discussion distressingly banal and an outrage and an insult to the voters , " Bloomberg told the publication.’ ’Bloomberg has considered running in the past but opted against a run . But with the rise of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) who is seeking the Democratic nomination for president , and of Republican    Donald Trump , he Republican   Donald Trump to be more seriously considering entering the fray.’ ’The     Bloomberg has reportedly said that he Republican   Donald Trump be willing to spend $ 1 billion of his Republican   Donald Trump money on a run for the White House , according to The New York Times . Bloomberg will reportedly decide on whether to go ahead with a campaign by early March . Any later entry might make it impossible for him Republican   Donald Trump get on the ballot as an independent candidate in all 50 states.’ ’A source familiar with Bloomberg’ ’s thinking   that Bloomberg Bloomberg run if he Republican   Donald Trump sees a highly flawed field of candidates emerge . " The sources said that if Trump looks set to take the Republican nomination and Sanders is primed to win the Democratic nomination , then Bloomberg Bloomberg run . The Times added Saturday that Bloomberg Bloomberg be likely to run in the event that Cruz wins the GOP nomination.’ ’’ " Bloomberg Bloomberg a Democrat turned Republican turned independent , would likely try to carve a path up the middle to counter Trump ’s popularity with the far right and Sanders’ with the far left . " ’Veteran Republican pollster Frank Luntz   that a Bloomberg Bloomberg could " quite literally turn this election upside down . " But Luntz sees a good opportunity for Bloomberg.’ ’"There ’s more than a political lane available to the former mayor ; it this election an interstate highway , " Luntz Luntz in a memo.’ ’A nationwide poll of 900 likely voters conducted by his Luntz , Luntz Global Partners , found that 29 % of Americans would support Bloomberg in a theoretical    race between the former mayor , GOP    Donald Trump Trump would receive 37 % of the vote , while Clinton would emerge with 33%.’ ’In a    Democratic   Hillary Clinton with Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Clinton , Bloomberg Bloomberg receive 28 % of Democratic   Hillary Clinton vote . Clinton , meanwhile , would the vote on Democratic   Hillary Clinton with 37 % while Cruz would take 34 % . ’ ’Sanders and Sen. Ted Cruz ( are currently leading the polls in New Trump , the first primary state , and Sanders very narrowly lost the    state of Iowa to Clinton.’ ’Allan Smith contributed to this report.’ 
 