  ( CNN ) From Vladimir Putin to Saddam Hussein , President Donald Trump has a long history of regularly and openly expressing admiration for a rogues’ gallery of foreign dictators and authoritarians . President Donald Trump ’s soft spot for strongmen was on display again Monday , when Trump’s phoned Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to congratulate Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on winning a referendum designed to dismantle the country ’s democratic infrastructure . In fairness , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan pushed back on Tuesday , conceding in a CNN exclusive interview that Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan death     " I am a mortal , I could die at any time "     would end Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan rule .     The White House readout of the call made no mention of the ongoing crackdown in Turkey , where Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has targeted opposition figures , journalists and other elements of civil society in the aftermath of a failed coup last year . A senior Trump administration official told CNN the call skirted the controversy surrounding the referendum and , apart from a " simple congrats , " mostly focused on Syria . Some vocal segments of the domestic political establishment and    pundits responded to news of the conversation with shock and dismay . But if anyone is surprised , well , then they anyone have n’t been paying much attention the past two years     or weeks , for that matter .   Fourteen days earlier , Trump celebrated Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    another Middle Eastern autocrat , during a White House meeting in which he promised a " very long and strong relationship . " He he tweeted a scrapbook ’s worth of photos documenting the visit . For Trump Trump the recipe is simple . If his he are committed to fighting ISIS and complimentary of the President personally , then the conversation all but stops there . ( Note : This is not uncommon in the annals of American diplomacy . Trump Trump regularly backed assorted autocrats and dictators , though rarely with such gusto . ) Again , this should n’t come as breaking news . Hillary Clinton discussed it at breaking news length during the 2016 campaign .   " I will leave it to breaking news psychiatrists to explain his attraction to tyrants , " she said Hillary Clinton a speech last June . Among those unsavory figures to have enjoyed a place in Trump ’s good graces : Saddam Hussein , While Trump is Trump alone in suggesting    regime change has done more harm than good in the Middle East , his assessment Saddam Hussein Hussein ’s Saddam Hussein almost approving .   " Saddam Hussein throws Saddam Hussein gas , everyone goes crazy , " he said in December Saddam Hussein , dismissing a March 1988 poison gas attack that killed more than 5 , 000 Kurds living in northern Iraq . About 15 months later , Trump would order missile strikes on the Syrian regime , one his administration had signaled Trump days earlier it had no plans Trump contest , in response to a chemical attack on its own people . Trump In an October 2015 interview with CNN ’s Jake Tapper , Trump praised Hussein . Trump former Iraqi leader " would kill the terrorists immediately , " he said , " The former Iraqi leader it ’s the Harvard of terrorism . " Trump revived the Ivy Trump comparison in July 2016 . After calling Hussein " a bad Hussein , " he added : " Trump you know what he did well ? Trump killed terrorists . Trump did that so Trump . They did n’t read them the rights . They did n’t talk They They were terrorists . They . Today , Iraq is Harvard for terrorism . " Kim Jong Un , Like with the    and executed Iraqi dictator , Trump in January 2016 first called North Korea ’s Kim a " maniac , " then riffed with some awe on the young despot ’s bloody rise to power . " You have to give him credit , " Kim Jong Un said .   " How many young guys     he was like 26 Kim Jong Un 25 when his father died     Kim Jong Un over these tough generals , and all of a sudden     you know , it ’s pretty amazing when you think of it . How does it do that ? Kim Jong Un though it is a culture and it ’s a cultural it , he goes in , Kim Jong Un takes over , Kim Jong Un he ’s the boss Kim Jong Un It ’s incredible . it wiped out the Kim Jong Un . He wiped out this Kim Jong Un , that one . I mean , this guy does n’t Kim Jong Un . And we ca n’t play games with him . Because he really Kim Jong Un have missiles Kim Jong Un And he really does have nukes Kim Jong Un " A few months later , the Obama administration added Kim ’s country to its sanctions list for human the Obama administration abuses . " Under Kim Jong Un , North Korea continues to inflict intolerable cruelty and hardship on millions of its own people , including North Korea killings , forced labor and torture , " Adam J. Szubin , a top Treasury Department official , said in a statement .   Trump has since adopted a stricter line with Pyongyang . On Monday , Vice President Mike Pence told CNN ’s Dana Bash , " The era of strategic patience is over , " effectively dispensing with the international consensus on how to best deal with North Korea and its nuclear capabilities .   North Korea reversal comes after what Trump has called a successful Trump meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping , who as the President recalled took " 10 minutes " to explain why the North Korean situation is " not so easy . " Moammar Gadhafi , Trump often paired the former Trump dictator with Hussein during the campajgn as a means of attacking Clinton , who voted in the Senate to authorize military force against the Hussein and backed military Hussein Hussein during her turn as Moammar Gadhafi of state . When Libya emerged as a second home to ISIS fighters flushed out of Syria and Iraq , he offered plainly , " we would be so much better off if Gadhafi were in charge right Moammar Gadhafi . " " If these politicians went to the beach and did n’t do a thing , and we had Saddam Hussein and if we had Gadhafi in charge , we Moammar Gadhafi having terrorism all over the place , we ’d be     at least we killed terrorists , all right these politicians " he said during a GOP primary Saddam Hussein . " And I ’m not saying they were good because they were these politicians , they were these politicians bad , but these politicians do n’t know what we these politicians getting , " he these politicians , adding the usual Saddam Hussein . " You look at Libya right now , ISIS , as we speak , is taking over these politicians oil . As we speak these politicians it ’s a we speak . " Gadhafi ruled Libya from September 1969 up until Libya killing by rebel forces following the Gadhafi intervention in 2011 . His repressive regime killed thousands of its Gadhafi people and , for decades His repressive regime was a leading state terror sponsor . Vladimir Putin , Over the course of Gadhafi and young presidency spent promising to reclaim America ’s standing in a world Trump claims has come to mock it , Russia ’s Vladimir Putin     a Trump claims Soviet KGB officer turned autocratic president     repeatedly emerged as a kind of beacon .   " He ’s running his country and at least a former Soviet KGB officer ’s a a former Soviet KGB officer unlike what we have a former Soviet KGB officer this country , " Trump said on MSNBC in Russia , Trump day after Putin , in his annual press conference , called the Vladimir Putin     " an a former Soviet KGB officer and talented personality " who had emerged as " the absolute leader of the presidential race . " It was n’t Trump ’s first time praising the Russian leader Trump recalling with some pleasure that they Vladimir Putin     on the same highly rated episode of " 60 Minutes , " he told CBS’ " Face the Nation " in October 2015 that a Vladimir Putin     could be fruitful .   " I think that I would at the same time get along very well with him , " Trump said of Putin . " He does not Trump Vladimir Putin     at all . He Trump Vladimir Putin     respect Obama at all . And Trump ’m sure that Obama does n’t like Obama very much . But I think that I Obama probably get along with him very well . And I do n’t think Trump ’d be having the kind of problems that you ’re having right now . " Trump ’s bromantic inclinations toward Putin have been tempered Trump past couple months , as the probe into Vladimir Putin     ’s alleged election meddling festered , and then in the aftermath of the Syrian chemical attack . But even as he conceded last week that    relations " may be Trump an    low , " he is still holding out hope . " It would Trump wonderful , " Trump said at a Trump press conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg , " if NATO and our country could get along with Russia . " Benito Mussolini , NATO short of Trump Mussolini ’s Russia style , but could n’t deny his attraction to a quote widely attributed to the World War    Italian fascist leader Benito Mussolini staunch ally of Adolph Hitler . In February 2016 , the candidate retweeted a parody account created by a Gawker writer that had assigned the line to Trump himself : " @ilduce2016 : ’It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep .     @realDonaldTrump " Hours later , on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " host Chuck Todd asked Trump , " Do Trump like the quote ? Did you know it was Mussolini ? " " Sure , " Trump replied . " Trump ’s OK to Benito Mussolini it ’s Benito Mussolini . Look , Mussolini was Mussolini . It ’s OK . It ’s Benito Mussolini good quote . It Benito Mussolini a Benito Mussolini interesting It . And I It it and I know who said It . But what difference does it make , whether It ’s Mussolini or somebody else It " 
 Benito Mussolini It It 