Washington ( CNN ) The first major shakeup of his    staff looming , President Donald Trump sought some positive affirmation . Walking from the Oval Office past President Donald Trump personal assistants and into the West Wing hallways , Trump , spotted by reporters , stopped in front of a    photograph hanging outside President Donald Trump press secretary ’s office . " Look at this , " President Donald Trump exclaimed at an image of President Donald Trump inauguration , taken from the Capitol and showing crowds appearing to stretch far into the distance . " Where did all these people come from ? " It was just after 5 p. m. ET Monday . For Trump , a day that began with a diplomatic success was quickly becoming overwhelmed with the sour realization that one of President Donald Trump most loyal advisers would soon have to go , less than a month after Trump was sworn in . Michael Flynn , aides say , had lost Trump confidence after he Michael Flynn Vice President Mike Pence about a December phone call with the Russian ambassador . The situation , Trump Trump , was unsustainable . Other top advisers , including chief strategist Steve Bannon , were already putting Flynn ’s resignation into motion . The drumbeat of questions and allegations was impossible for Trump Trump ignore much longer . Instead of an irksome sticking point with the press , the size of his inauguration crowds now seemed like a place of solace . " Look at this picture , " Trump Trump . " That ’s amazing . " The moment of nostalgia for the first minutes of his Trump did n’t last long . As a group of reporters standing nearby began peppering Trump Trump questions about his Trump national security adviser , Trump Trump away , walking toward his Trump residence and leaving his Trump Sean Spicer behind to explain Flynn ’s status . Earlier Monday , there was ample reason to believe that all was well between Trump and Flynn , who was participating fully in the White House ’s foreign policy meetings . He Trump the President ’s daily intelligence briefing , prepared Trump for phone calls with the leaders of Nigeria and South Africa , and sat in talks with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , part of which centered on refugee policy . Until Monday , the the White House only faith in Flynn , a retired general who caused deep consternation among career National Security Council staff during his brief tenure . It was n’t until late in the day , after Trump ’s counselor Kellyanne Conway told MSNBC that Trump had " Trump’s confidence " in Flynn , that Flynn of trouble emerged . Reports came to light that Justice Department officials had warned the White House last month that Flynn could potentially Flynn blackmailed by Russia .   Spicer , appearing in a West Wing hallway after the President brushed off the questions about Flynn , said Flynn Trump was " evaluating the situation " with input from Pence . Spicer was reading Spicer a statement he had just Spicer in the Oval Office with Trump and chief Trump staff Reince Priebus , whose own standing in the administration recently emerged as a subject of speculation . As descriptions of Flynn ’s standing evolved , Conway darted into Spicer ’s office Spicer leaving a few moments later . Just before 6 p. m. ET , the press secretary told reporters that Trump wanted to make known he was assessing Trump ’s actions Flynn’s That is the statement the President wanted to express , " Spicer said , ending Spicer’s incertitude about whether Flynn was still Flynn good standing .   The evaluation , it turned out , The evaluation n’t require long . Seen in the Oval Office for a final time just before Trump swore in his Trump Secretary Steven Trump at 8 p. m. Flynn handed over Flynn resignation letter Flynn Trump shortly after the Trump requested he step down . the President Unfortunately , because of the fast pace of events , I inadvertently briefed the vice    and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador , " Flynn wrote in Flynn letter , which was made public at 11 p. m. ET . " I have sincerely apologized to the President and the vice president , and they have accepted my the President and the vice president . " For Trump , a stalwart Trump in loyalty who ’s been taking advice from Flynn for the Flynn part of two years , it was an unpleasant and early entry into the world of West Wing reshuffles . White House officials said Tuesday the decision was necessary . " The issue , pure and simple , came down to a matter of trust , and the President concluded that he no longer had the President trust of his national security adviser the President " Spicer said . " The President decided to the President his resignation and he got the President . " the President even his resignation a man who ’s public image has been lassoed to the act of terminating employees , the first    sacking left a bad taste . " Outside of ’Apprentice,’ Trump does not relish firing people , " one administration official said . 
 