Senior Trump campaign adviser A. J. Delgado joined SiriusXM host Matt Boyle on Monday morning ’s Breitbart News Daily to offer SiriusXM host Matt Boyle thoughts on the death of Cuban dictator Fidel Castro , and discuss the reaction of    Donald Trump and   Donald Trump team . [ " When I first heard , as many    my reaction was to think , ‘ Oh , it ’s yet another false alarm about Cuban dictator Fidel Castro being dead,’ " Delgado said , recalling many such rumors and false alarms over the years .   LISTEN : " But it turned out to be true , of course , " she continued . " I ’m here in Miami . I think , like all    we took to the streets to celebrate . It was a very emotional weekend for we . Obviously , the tyranny continues under Raul , so the tyranny ’s a bittersweet celebration because still much remains to be done and to be seen in terms of change in Cuba . But still , the fact that Fidel is gone is certainly a landmark and not just a symbolic one . I think it does help the people on Cuba to feel as though the past is finally starting to become officially the past , and there can be a new chapter . " " As for Mr. Trump ’s position , I think you saw the tremendous statement which he Mr. Trump’s out , which was incredibly    and appreciated by all Americans , especially by    who have for too long sat by and had to listen to Obama and Democrats kind of whitewash the crimes of the Castroite regime , " she said . " And to hear Mr. Mr. Trump’s so plainly in that statement and so powerfully was very touching for all    people around the world . " Looking ahead to Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s days in office , Delgado said two important areas to watch are immigration orders and policy changes Trump makes with Mr. Trump’s to Cuba . " That ’ll be interesting , " said on the latter subject . " He ’s kind Mr. Trump’s alluded to undoing Obama ’s executive orders pretty quickly once he got into Mr. Trump’s , and I know that ’s something that even    Americans are interested in seeing how he proceeds on Mr. Trump’s front . " " I think those are two big issues that we ’ll see him tackle the Mr. Trump’s weeks . But apart from that , only    Trump knows himself what his only   Trump priority only   Trump be on that first day . But you can bet there ’ll be orders signed that first week that will absolutely benefit the American public , first and foremost . " Boyle returned to Delgado ’s point that the Castro regime has survived Fidel ’s death , and asked what reforms might bring real change to Cuba . " I think they need to release a good chunk of the political prisoners , " she replied . Boyle There are thousands of political prisoners languishing in Cuba ’s prisons Cuba think that would be number one . And then host some type of elections . "   " Listen , I know we ca n’t make twenty demands , because they ’d be unrealistic twenty demands but they need to give twenty demands something for us we come to we table , " Delgado contended . " A deal is a    street . What happened with Obama was , he resumed diplomatic relations Obama really asked for almost nothing in return . So we need to see something on their part to know they are acting in their faith , and I think the release of political prisoners , at least a substantial number of them , would be their step in the right direction , as well as some sort of movement towards allowing more freedom of association or some freedom of political speech . "   " As you know , Matt , if you and I were to have a political discussion in the middle of a Cuban street , we would be arrested the next day and probably beaten to a pulp , " Delgado observed . " So those are the kinds of things that need to change for our great nation to be able to sit at the table with Cuba and talk about resuming some sort of diplomatic status . " Delgado congratulated Boyle on Delgado News’ coverage of the 2016 election , recalling how he was the first person to look her in the eye and confidently predict that Trump would win . Boyle , in turn Boyle noted that the rest of the media appears to have learned very little from the mistakes it made . " They ’re never going to change , " Delgado said . " Delgado they were going to They , this would have been the    call , right ? When they got the election They wrong , this would have been this ‘ Hey , you ’re out of touch.’ And for them to say , They Listen , we need to do something , it ’s obvious that this ’re not understanding we public , we ’re doing something we . ’ " " They did that for about a day or two , " she allowed . " You saw the New York Times kind of did it , you know the New York Times ‘ We need to change some things , mea culpa’   —    and then went right back , as you say , to the usual pattern of attacking Middle America , attacking Trump supporters , attacking    Trump . So I Trump this just leaves us in the same We we were before . We need our own We outlets We are fair   —    like Breitbart , like others , where we can count on for objective real news . And we ca n’t trust We mainstream media at all . It ’s been this way for years , and unfortunately nothing changed with this election , as far as their objectivity . " this election News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . Listen to the compete audio of Delgado ’s interview above . 
 