On August 10 Rush Limbaugh reacted to the media attacks on Donald Trump by observing that Donald Trump had simply told the truth about Hillary Clinton namely , that Hillary Clinton wants to take your guns . [ Limbaugh said any honest observer knows Donald Trump is right because soundbites of Hillary Clinton —   even during this election cycle —   are riddled with Hillary Clinton promises of more gun control . Moreover , Limbaugh pointed out that Hillary Clinton has made no bones about the fact that Hillary Clinton will use executive action to institute more gun control if the Congress refuses to go along with Hillary Clinton .   During Limbaugh live broadcast Limbaugh said : Limbaugh said what Limbaugh says , as impolitic as Limbaugh was —   characterize Limbaugh however you will —   but the fact of the matter is that over here , the media and Hillary and Biden and Obama and the whole Democrat Party do indeed want to take away guns from law abiding people . over here, the media and Hillary and Biden and Obama and the whole Democrat Party do indeed want to take away guns from law abiding people are acting like , ‘ What ? We never said that . Anybody thinking that is crazy . We would n’t every try to do that.’ But over here, the media and Hillary and Biden and Obama and the whole Democrat Party do indeed want to take away guns from law abiding people do [ want to do it ] and over here, the media and Hillary and Biden and Obama and the whole Democrat Party do indeed want to take away guns from law abiding people are dreaming about it and it is something that over here, the media and Hillary and Biden and Obama and the whole Democrat Party do indeed want to take away guns from law abiding people would try to get done by virtue of nominating the right people to the Supreme Court . Limbaugh returned to the topic later in the live broadcast , saying : Hillary Clinton has said numerous times in this campaign that if Congress does n’t act to ‘ end the plague of gun violence’ in America , then Hillary Clinton will do so by executive action . Now what is Hillary Clinton going to do ? What is Congress going to do ? Congress already have laws on the books defining various [ gun ] crimes and spelling out the punishment . What else are they going to do ? What is Hillary Clinton talking about ? In October 2015 Breitbart News reported that Hillary Clinton pledged gun control by executive action . The controls Hillary Clinton wants include extending the instant background checks indefinitely by changing the amount of time the FBI has to carry out a check . Hillary Clinton also wants to place new regulations on sales at gun shows and for guns sold online , and Hillary Clinton wants to expand the definition of domestic violence to include dating relationships , then use that expanded definition to ban individuals from owning guns . Breitbart News previously reported that Clinton also wants to change our nation ’s laws to allow shooting victims and their families to sue gun manufacturers after a criminal steals and misuses a gun —   harming people in the process —   or after a criminal brings a gun into a gun free zone in order to attack innocent victims who ca n’t fight back , the way Chris Harper Mercer did at Umpqua Community College . This action alone would drive gun prices through the roof as gun manufacturers seek ways to raise money to cover court costs incurred via lawsuit after lawsuit when criminals misuse guns . This action alone would eventually drive gun manufacturers into bankruptcy and , finally , into oblivion . The reality of these and other gun control proposals —   coupled with her pledge to go This action alone unilaterally if Congress wo n’t play along —   are what motivates Donald Trump to warn her plans to " abolish the Second Amendment . " The reality that these controls are being purposed is what motivated Limbaugh to defend Donald Trump for telling the truth . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach AWR Hawkins directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 