’   ’ ’    CNN anchor Jake Tapper opened up " The Lead " on Monday by    attempting to contextualize President Donald Trump’ ’s recent    tweets aimed at delegitimizing a federal judge , polling , and the    news media . ’ "    CNN anchor Jake Tapper targeted three of Trump ’s tweets in particular . The first    was from Sunday , following Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals    Judge James Robart   on    Trump ’s temporary travel ban from seven      countries . " ’    It followed up a tweet in which Trump labeled Robart as a    " " judge   —    which , as Tapper put it , seemed    to question the judge’ ’s legitimacy and competency . ’ ’    " Just can not believe a judge would put our country in such    peril , " Trump wrote Sunday . " If something happens , blame Trump wrote and    court system . People pouring in . Bad ! " ’ ’    Tapper then mentioned Trump’ ’s Monday tweet deeming all negative    polling as " fake news . "   ’ ’    " Any negative polls are fake news , just like the CNN , ABC , NBC    polls in the election , " Trump wrote . " Sorry , people want border    security and extreme vetting . " ’ "    Tapper highlighted the the tweet ’s initial six words . " ’    " You got that ? " " ’ "   Tapper asked . " So any polling , suggesting anything    negative about the president or    policies , is not , in       view , real . " ’ "    Lastly , " ’ "   Tapper noted Trump ’s    tweet , which seemed to be a    response to a New York Times report that Trump giving his Trump strategist , Steve Bannon , a    regular seat on the National Security Council ’s Principals    Committee . " ’    " I call my own shots , largely based on an accumulation of data ,    and everyone knows it    " Trump Trump . " Some FAKE NEWS media , in       to marginalize , lies ! " ’ ’    He Trump up later on Monday , attacking The Times by claiming    the outlets " writes total fiction concerning me . " ’ ’    Tapper tried to sum up what it all meant . ’ ’    " If a judge rules against the president , he’ ’s a    judge , "    the CNN anchor said . " If a poll shows that a majority    of you disagree with his the president , the a poll fake . If a      news story reflects something unflattering about    him the president that story a     news story . " ’ ’    " So , the judicial branch of government and the free press , two    fundamental pillars of our democracy , " he the president . " If we take    actions he does not    , we are not we . " ’ ’    Tapper then pointed to Trump’ ’s    Bowl interview with Fox    News host Bill O’’Reilly . During that interview , Bowl interview with Fox   News host Bill O’’Reilly    Putin Fox   News host Bill O’’Reilly a " killer " after asking him why he respected Putin    Putin president . ’ ’    " Lot of killers , " Trump responded . " We’’ve got a lot of    killers . What , you think our country is so innocent ? " ’ " Putin has been criticized Putin    leaders across the aisle   —    who were also quick to condemn Trump ’s    remarks Trump —    for human rights abuses that include the stifling of    freedom of speech and imprisonment of political opponents . A    string of . " ’    After the clip played . Tapper said : " So as long as we all know    where we stand , I suppose . " ’ ’ ’ ’ . : Any polls suggesting anything negative about the President or his policies is not , in his view , real his ’ ’CNN anchor Jake Tapper Lead " on . .. ’ 
 