Washington ( CNN ) The organizers of last month ’s Women ’s March announced Monday Women’s intention to hold a general strike at a date to be determined . Posts across the official social media accounts for the Women ’s March read : " General Strike : A Day Without A Woman , " with a subhead saying , " Date To Be Announced . " the Women’s March began with a call for a march on Washington the day after President Donald Trump ’s inauguration . After millions showed up for events across the world , including a massive turnout within the nation ’s capital itself , the organizers committed to building the event into an effective movement . The Women ’s March website lists a series of 10 actions to be undertaken within the first 100 days of the Trump presidency . The first 10 actions to be undertaken within the first 100 days of the Trump presidency and contacting elected representatives . But the call for a general strike would be a return to the streets and a physical jab at the economy .   " At a time when our foundational principles of freedom and equality are under threat , The Women ’s March is committed to engaging in actions that affirmatively build community , strengthen relationships and support local ,    and    businesses , " The Women ’s March said in The Women’s March that supported Trump and others that " brought the corporate practices of Uber and Nordstrom to light . " The general strike is a tactic born among    political movements where groups of people all leave their places of work to demand political or economic action . groups of people all statement from the Women ’s March indicated the general strike would also include boycotting certain businesses . The The general strike may be the most    announcement of a general the Women’s March so far , but many others     often on the political left     have also called for strikes . Writer Francine Prose called for one , writing in the Guardian following Trump ’s executive order suspending the refugee program and temporarily restricting travel from seven    countries . Trump general strike planned for February 17 by Strike4Democracy currently has over 16 , 000 people declared on Facebook as participating . The website for this strike called for people who could to protest nonviolently by striking from work or school and spending the day doing community service . The February 17 strike called for members of Congress to defend the Constitution . The Women ’s A general strike planned for February 17 by Strike4Democracy : " The will of the people will stand . " 
 A general strike planned for February 17 by Strike4Democracy The Women’s March 