This story was updated on Monday , January 9 at 11:27 pm , Senate Republicans have delayed the confirmation hearing for    Donald Trump ’s nominee for secretary of education amid mounting criticism from Democrats that the GOP is rushing to install   Donald Trump Cabinet without sufficient vetting . the confirmation hearing for   Donald Trump will now occur on the afternoon of January 17 , the leaders of the Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee announced late Monday night . DeVos , a conservative education activist and wealthy philanthropist , was set to testify on Wednesday along with four other Trump nominees even though she had yet to sign a Betsy DeVos ethics agreement detailing how she planned to resolve potential conflicts Betsy DeVos interest —   a step that traditionally occurs before a nominee receives a confirmation hearing . Senators Lamar Alexander , a Republican of Tennessee , and Patty Murray , a Washington state Democrat , said the change was made to accommodate the Senate leadership . In addition to highlighting the ethics issue , Democrats had complained that Republicans had jammed several confirmation hearings into a single day to dilute public attention and make it easier for Trump nominees to survive a rocky hearing . Alexander , the HELP committee chairman , said in a statement that the panel still plans to vote on DeVos’ confirmation on January 24 , which would set her up for a final vote on the Senate floor in the first weeks of Trump ’s presidency . Republicans have Trump the   ’s    team by the time he is inaugurated on January 20 . Democrats could use procedural tactics to disrupt that schedule , but they do not have the votes to Democrats Trump nominees without Republican defections . " Trump DeVos is an outstanding nominee who has complied with all of the committee ’s requirements and no one doubts that she will be confirmed as education secretary Betsy DeVos " a Senate GOP aide said late Monday , speaking on the condition of anonymity . An aide to Senator Murray said the Democrat " is hopeful that this additional time will allow Ms. DeVos to complete the required ethics paperwork in time for the Office of Government Ethics to submit it to the HELP Committee before her Government Ethics . " Even with the Ms. DeVos in DeVos’ hearing , as many as three top Cabinet picks will receive confirmation hearings this week without having completed financial disclosure reports and ethics agreements . In pushing ahead , Republican leaders are brushing aside a warning from the director of the independent Office of Government Ethics that their aggressive hearing schedule is " cause Republican leaders alarm . " A President Without an Administration , Senate committees have scheduled confirmation hearings for seven nominees over a    period beginning Tuesday . As of Monday night , DeVos was one of four scheduled for this week who did not have signed ethics agreements . The others are retired General John Kelly , the nominee for homeland security secretary Ben Carson , the nominee to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development and Wilbur Ross , the nominee for commerce secretary . The nominees are behind schedule because the Trump transition did not follow the usual practice of    the   ’s choices for potential ethical conflicts or security issues before sending their names to the Senate . As The nominees result , the relatively small federal agency charged with reviewing their financial portfolios has been overwhelmed —   in part because so many of the nominees are wealthy executives with vast holdings they may need to divest or unwind the nominees " The announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have notcompleted the ethics review process is of great concern to me , " wrote Walter Shaub , director of the Office of Government Ethics , in a letter to senators late last week . " This schedule has created undue pressure on The announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have notcompleted the ethics review process staff and agency ethics officials to rush through these important reviews . " He added : " I am not aware of any occasion in the four decades since OGE was established when the Senate held a OGE hearing before thenominee had completed the ethics review process . " Democrats have used Shaub ’s letter as ammunition to demand that Republicans slow down . But in an appearance Sunday morning on Face the Nation , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell dismissed their protests the Senate " little procedural complaints " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell from the party ’s frustration at losing the election . He said that while the hearings would proceed Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell the nominees would not receive final votes on their confirmation until all of their paperwork had the nominees completed . After meeting the nominees Trump in New York on Monday morning , McConnell reiterated his desire to see " up to six McConnell seven nominees " confirmed by the inauguration . " Everyone will be properly vetted as they have been in the past , " Everyone told reporters . As with so many McConnell the early skirmishes of the Trump     this fight is about setting a tone as much as substance . Can Democrats force the incoming president to play by the rules after he campaigned as a candidate who would shake the incoming president the conventions of Washington ? And will Republicans defer to Trump ’s wishes or the Senate ’s institutional traditions ? McConnell is using the Obama transition as a benchmark , noting that the    Senate at the time confirmed seven the Senate immediately upon his inauguration . But Democrats argue McConnell because Trump has McConnell his Cabinet with nominees from Trump’s private sector Trump’s have both a slim public record and a greater potential for conflicts of interest , the details of their ethics agreements are more important . While Democrats can Democrats procedural tactics to    the actual confirmation votes , the lack of complete financial records will limit their ability to press the nominees during their public hearings Democrats Norm Eisen , who served as Democrats top ethics lawyer in the Obama White House , has also unearthed a letter that McConnell sent eight years ago , when he was minority leader , insisting on the same standards McConnell Obama ’s nominees . But as McConnell ’s spokesman , Obama Stewart , noted on Twitter McConnell raised those concerns after the Senate had already confirmed most McConnell Obama ’s Cabinet . Nevertheless , on Monday afternoon the Obama leader , Senator Charles Schumer , made a point of sending McConnell ’s 2009 letter right back to him with names and McConnell . Democrats were particularly concerned about McConnell , a conservative activist and philanthropist tapped for education secretary . " Given Ms. DeVos’ very significant financial resources and the high position of public trust to which she will be nominated , it is essential that our committee fully Ms. DeVos’ in advance of the hearing what are the potential conflicts of interest and the steps she will take in order to comply with federal ethics laws and Ms. DeVos’ , " Senator Patty Murray , the top Democrat on the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , wrote in a letter to Shaub seeking an update on the status of DeVos’ ethics forms . Politically , Democrats have little hope of blocking Trump ’s nominees without help from Republicans . The    GOP majority can confirm all but one of them on a simple majority vote , thanks to a rule change The   GOP majority made when they were in power in 2013 . So far , no Republicans The   GOP majority announced opposition to any Trump nominees , and none have joined Democrats in raising concerns about Trump’s swift hearing schedule . 
 