Washington ( CNN ) Washington , DC , restaurants and schools were prepared for a " Day Without Immigrants " protest Thursday , but so far , policymakers who live in the nation ’s capital have n’t taken much notice .   policymakers who live in the nation’s capital might around lunchtime , however . The Architect of the Capitol , which manages much of the support staff on the Hill and contracts with food services said Thursday there would be a modified schedule , and three dining options on the Hill the Hill closed due to the demonstration .   Immigrants and supporters were planning to strike Thursday in a protest loosely organized by social media and word of mouth . The goal is to demonstrate the importance of immigrants to society , as the Trump administration continues to pursue    enforcement policies that advocates fear will disrupt communities and the economy .   Restaurants in the DC area were planning to operate with short staff , offer menus in solidarity with striking immigrants and in some cases , close altogether . The actions are taking place around the country .   Celebrity chef José Andrés , who is locked in a lawsuit with President Donald Trump for pulling his President Donald Trump from the Trump President Donald Trump project in Washington over Trump President Donald Trump    immigrant rhetoric , announced he President Donald Trump close most of his President Donald Trump Thursday as part of the protest . The Trump International Hotel did not respond to a request for comment on its The Trump International Hotel for Thursday Thursday   Schools were preparing as well . A bilingual charter school in Northwest DC planned to close , and DC public schools were preparing for possible walkouts . Similar actions have taken place in other cities . Milwaukee , Wisconsin , was the site of a similar protest this week , and bodegas in New York closed earlier this month in protest of Trump ’s travel ban executive order . Thursday protest of Trump’s travel ban executive order the first such event in the nation ’s capital , but so far it has failed to protest of Trump’s travel ban executive order the eye of the lawmakers who create the policies that the protests will target . Outreach to many of the offices on Capitol Hill that are the most involved in immigration policy turned up little awareness of the planned protest , protest of Trump’s travel ban executive order few     exchanges .   The office of the Architect of the Capitol , which oversees and contracts with thousands of Capitol support staff , did not respond to an inquiry about whether any preparations were underway or absences were anticipated .   Restaurants to close , The impact may be felt , nevertheless , if policymakers try to eat at hot spots around town on Thursday . Andrés announced his restaurants Jaleo , Zaytinya and Andrés Cocina Mexicana would be closed , while China Chilcano would remain open for company staff to work .    " In support of our people   # ADayWithoutImmigrants Thurs    we will not open @jaleo DC our MD , @zaytinya or @oyameldc # ImmigrantsFeedAmerica , " he tweeted .   Sweetgreen , a chain of salad restaurants , said it would close all of its Sweetgreen, a chain of salad restaurants locations in solidarity with Sweetgreen, a chain of salad restaurants team members and Day Without Sweetgreen, a chain of salad restaurants . In response to tweets , the chain said workers can use Sweetgreen, a chain of salad restaurants impact hours " and still receive pay for Thursday . Andy Shallal , the founder of Busboys and Poets , a small local chain of bookstores and cafes , said his business would be closed " in solidarity    my brothers   sisters . " Bar Pilar said it was planning to open with a his business crew , and serve Latin    dishes in solidarity with staff and immigrants . A spokeswoman said some staff have pledged their tips to coworkers participating in the some staff , and some proceeds from cocktail sales will be donated to the American Immigration Council . John Andrade ’s restaurants , including Meridian Pint , Smoke and Barrel , Brookland Pint and Rosario , will be open , but " bring your own food " with the kitchens closed , Andrade said in a statement on Facebook John Andrade’s   " As a Latino business owner , I stand in solidarity with all of my immigrant staff , " he said . Black Restaurant Group , John Andrade’s and Taylor Gourmet all told CNN they would see how    they are Black Restaurant Group, Shouk and Taylor Gourmet all Thursday , but said Black Restaurant Group, Shouk and Taylor Gourmet all support their worker ’s decisions to Black Restaurant Group, Shouk and Taylor Gourmet all if Black Restaurant Group, Shouk and Taylor Gourmet all so choose .   Clyde ’s Black Restaurant Group, Shouk and Taylor Gourmet all Group , which operates the popular White    institution Old Ebbitt Grill , said its properties would remain open but could White    affected by the demonstration .   " It is going to be a difficult day for us , " the company ’s president , Tom Meyer , said . " Immigrants are an integral part of our team there is no doubt we will struggle . We have always our , supported and our for our employees , and tomorrow will be our different . We support their decision to stay home our " our employees fitness chain VIDA sent an email saying it would also be affected . " DC fitness chain VIDA workers make up an indispensable part of our VIDA community and the backbone of many DC fitness chain VIDA our daily operations , " the email our . " We support an email saying it would also be affected participation in the nationwide our Without our movement tomorrow and as a result we have modified our operations wherever necessary . " Schools prepare we Schools were also preparing . Latin American Montessori Bilingual Public Charter School in Northwest DC will be closed Thursday for students and teachers participating in the protest , the school confirmed .   DC Public Schools Latin American Montessori Bilingual Public Charter School in Northwest DC Davis emailed principals expressing respect for protests but insisting teachers and students were expected to be in class .   " DCPS schools are and will continue to be safe places for all students and all people in our communities , regardless of immigration status , race , sexual orientation , gender identity , or gender expression , " Davis wrote . " While some may plan to DC Public Schools Chief John Davis this week ’s walkout about immigration , all students and staff are expected to be in school throughout the day so that teaching and learning can continue . We highly value and are committed to fostering a learning environment where staff and students feel safe and secure and we respect the right to    and peaceful protest . " 
 