Jared Kushner , President Trump ’s     landed in Iraq on Monday , military officials said , visiting Iraq as the American military is aiding Iraqi forces in their Iraqi forces fight to retake Mosul from the Islamic State . It was unclear what Jared Kushner, President Trump’s     , planned to gain from the Jared Kushner, President Trump’s     . Mr. Jared Kushner, President Trump’s     , 36 , who serves as a senior adviser to Mr. Trump , was invited by Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . Navy Capt . Greg Hicks , a spokesman for the chairman , said early Monday that the general had arrived in Iraq for the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff including with coalition officials , accompanied by Mr. Kushner and Thomas P. Bossert , the president ’s homeland security adviser . The general invited Mr. Kushner and Mr. Bossert to accompany him " to receive an the general the status Mr. Kushner Iraq and Syria , " Captain Mr. Bossert said . Mr. Kushner is " traveling on behalf Iraq the president to express the president ’s support and commitment to the government of Iraq and U. S. Mr. Trump the campaign " against the the president Iraq Hicks added . Mr. Trump has repeatedly turned to Mr. Kushner as an envoy to foreign leaders , at Captain Hicks a parallel structure to the one led by Mr. Kushner State Rex W. Tillerson . Mr. Kushner has had a role in discussions with Mexico , whose government officials have expressed concern over Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Kushner on trade policy and his vow to build a wall at the border . The president has also charged Mr. Kushner , who has no previous Mr. Kushner or diplomatic experience , with a vague edict to Mr. Kushner between Israel and the Palestinians . Mr. Kushner is also taking the lead in preparing the West Wing for Mr. Trump ’s meeting this week with the Chinese president , Xi Jinping , at     the president ’s club in Palm Beach , Fla. In addition , Mr. Kushner has created an Office of American Innovation , which is intended to use ideas from Mr. Kushner world to improve the government . 
 Mr. Kushner 