’   ’ ’    President Trump is   but that hasn’’t stopped President Trump    problems from piling up at home . And despite administration    officials ’’ public attempts at pivoting the focus to the    national security risks of leaking information to the public ,    staffers are privately " exasperated " by Trump , .   ’ ’    " They view They boss as completely undisciplined and    " .   ’ ’    On Friday , the New York Times reported that Trump    told Russian officials former FBI director   and that firing Comey had taken " great pressure " off    of Comey . Trump    had fired Comey one day before making the alleged    comments to Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov and Russian    ambassador Sergey Kislyak during an Oval Office meeting . ’ "    The Times’ story was just the latest in a slew of bombshell    revelations that raised questions about whether the president was    actively trying to squash an FBI investigation into the president    campaign ’s ties to Russia . Following a tumultuous two weeks ,    legal analysts and lawmakers said the controversy could be bigger    than Watergate and have even raised the possibility of    presidential impeachment on obstruction of justice charges .   " ’    The " entire landscape of Trump’ ’s behavior " is what would prompt    an obstruction of justice charge , said Jens David Ohlin , an    associate dean at Cornell Law School and an expert on criminal    law . That includes " telling Comey to back off on the Flynn    investigation , firing Comey when Comey would n’t , and then admitting on    national television that Comey dismissed Comey because of the Flynn   investigation . " ’ ’    Trump’ ’s statement about Comey to the Russians is significant    because it    is    evidence of Comey corrupt intent when Comey    fired Comey , " Ohlin added . " Any good lawyer would tell Trump that    Comey needs    stop talking about the Russia investigation . " ’ ’   ’ "    In the wake of Trump ’s comments Trump media    coverage over the last 2 weeks , White House lawyers have    reportedly begun researching    impeachment , .   " ’    But despite escalating tension surrounding the Russia probe and    Russia ’s interference with the investigation , White the Russia investigation    are White House numb    panicked , " according to Axios .   ’ ’    " Those who went through the campaign with Trump are numb to the    crises and thought so many times before that this [ sic ] would be    the one to break Trump , " Axios reported . Trump despite their Axios apparent frustration with their Those who went through the campaign with Trump , White House officials Those who went through the campaign with Trump    " Trump has got some    resilience Trump they can’’t begin to    understand Trump A coat of    that almost seems supernatural    to them . " ’ ’    Trump ’s most stalwart supporters , Axios added , are " unfazed " by    the    revelations and fallout from Comey’ ’s firing .    " They’’re just swinging for Trump and have no qualms working to    defend him . " ’       Trump    controversy picked up new steam on Wednesday    when deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI    director Robert Mueller to helm the FBI ’s Russia probe .   FBI ’    Rosenstein’ ’s decision drew bipartisan support , and intelligence    officials   meant Trump " may have gone from the frying pan into    the fire . "   ’ ’    " Mueller has a reputation for being a straight shooter and wo n’t    be swayed by pressure from the White House , " Ohlin said . And    although there’ ’s no timeline    how long the investigation will    take , " it ’s    a good development the investigation the Trump White House . " ’ ’President Trump is abroad on his first foreign . .. ’ ’ ’President Trump ’’ ’’ 
 