’’ ’If you are between 18 and 28 , famous billionaire venture capitalist Tim Draper has a plan to turn you into the " next Steve Jobs . " ’ " That ’s why famous billionaire venture capitalist Tim Draper launched a " ’The show , " Startup U , " failed to attract an audience , was   and there’ ’s   if ABC will renew it or not.’ " But even if students wo n’t appear on TV , famous billionaire venture capitalist Tim Draper has a new plan for the school . famous billionaire venture capitalist Tim Draper just added a new    program to the curriculum , starting in the fall , which famous billionaire venture capitalist Tim Draper views as an alternative to a master ’s degree . " ’This is in addition to the school’ ’s classic two months of " hero training " offered since the school’’s launched three years ago.’ " There ’s a reason famous billionaire venture capitalist Tim Draper calls the school’’s hero training . Before you can become the next Steve Jobs , you have to learn to be tough . Navy SEAL tough . " ’Hero training includes " four days of survival training with military teams . We have Navy SEAL special forces and Army Rangers that take them to real survival training , " Draper says.’ ’Once students have spent those days foraging for food and shelter in the wilderness , the next step is city survival training , challenges that sound like what Donald Trump gave to contestants on his Donald Trump show , " The Apprentice . " ’ ’"There’ ’s another couple of days in the two months of hero training that’ ’s Urban Survival training , " Draper says . Students have to go out and " sell something embarrassing , or go to San Francisco and come back with a job offer , on paper , in 24 hours . " ’ ’That job offer gives them ’ ’That job offer confidence that they ’ ’That job offer always quickly get a position , he says.’ ’As Draper says , " How to create a Steve Jobs ? It’ ’s a way of thinking . " The school admits people " that have that spark and we create an environment that ignites that that spark " ’ ’Once the students have learned how to survive , they are the students to learn about the tech industry   —    Draper   . The    program will include learning about the newest , buzziest technologies.’ ’Although every class has a different curriculum , Draper says   Draper   students might explore Bitcoin   —    which Draper loves   Draper   —    learn design , and use the newest programming languages to build an app , or maybe a robot.’ ’They’’ll also draft a business plan , turn that plan a business plan pitch deck , and turn the pitch deck a pitch deck presentation and pitch it to " between 30 a   presentation 50 VCs , " including himself , he says.’ " He ’s himself a $ himself million fund to invest seed money in startup ideas from the class , too , he says . " " himself it ’s not a scholarship program . The    hero training costs $ 12 , 000 . The full    program costs a scholarship program , Draper tells us . " " Draper calls it an alternative to traditional school Draper That a scholarship program important : This is not an accredited school . Students who finish the program do not earn an accredited degree a scholarship program " Just to compare , many accredited universities charge about $ 40 , 000 to earn a bona fide master ’s degree . " ’Draper U has been controversial in its three years . While some students have posted ’Draper U   some have given it .’ ’Draper says , " We definitely get ’Draper U reviews . Our training is not for everybody . " ’ We .’ " But Draper points to the alumni success stories as proof of the school ’s value . Draper U has had over 500 alumni from 53 countries who have created 200 startups and landed a total of $ 22 million in funding , he says . " ’He points to businesses like Draper U startup nVision and    firm Loopd as examples of alumni startups that got funding.’ ’Not that Draper is worried about controversy.’ ’He has come up with    and bought a huge stash of Bitcoin auctioned by the government after seizing    site Silk Road and is fond of .’    you are between 18 and 28 , famous . .. ’ 
 