  ( CNN ) The Cold War was supposed to have ended a quarter of a century ago . But Russia is commanding center stage in a presidential election for the first time in decades and President Vladimir Putin is being portrayed as a sinister puppeteer looming over the bitter contest between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump . Democrats have blamed President Vladimir Putin for orchestrating a huge cyberespionage operation using stolen and leaked emails to sow chaos and distrust in America ’s democratic process ahead of November ’s election . President Vladimir Putin ’s even been accused of cultivating one of the candidates in the election     Trump     as an unwitting agent to further President Vladimir Putin quest to strangle US global power . A decision by President Vladimir Putin to further foreign policy goals by intervening directly in a US election would cross a line rarely approached in Soviet times . And it begs the question of why Russia would take this perilous extra step . The Soviet Union , though possessing the intelligence capacity to meddle in a US election , had always feared such a move could backfire and hurt a preferred candidate , said William Courtney , a former US ambassador to Kazakhstan and Georgia . " ( The current Russian leadership ) may think there is a      way to increase the perception that the system over here is chaotic and is not reliable , " said Courtney , now with the Rand Corporation . Former CIA covert operations officer Mike Baker told CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin , " The long game here is not so much they are trying to influence who actually wins this particular election but the long game is more of a traditional psy ops battle where they are trying to erode trust in the electoral process . " Trump : Putin has been a leader , Though Russia might feel Russia gains with Russia meddling regardless of who wins , Russia might not hurt that Trump has been so effusive toward Putin and so critical of current US policy toward Moscow that treats Putin as a threat . Indeed , in an unprecedented move for a major party nominee , Trump has lined Trump up squarely with a foreign leader who sees Trump as a US adversary . Trump appeared to indicate at a forum televised by NBC last week that Putin ’s flattery had prompted Putin to look on Putin favorably . " If he says Putin things about me , Putin ’m gon na say great things about him . Putin mean , the man Putin strong control over a country , " Trump said , while stressing Trump did not like the Russian political system . " But certainly in that system Trump the Russian political system a leader , far more than our president has been a leader . " Comments like those are one reason that some Trump critics have accused the billionaire of being duped by the cunning former KGB operative in the Kremlin . " In the intelligence business , we would say that Mr. Putin had recruited Trump as an unwitting agent of the Russian Federation , " wrote former deputy CIA director Michael Morrell , who now supports Clinton , in a New York Times article in August . Other Trump comments appearing to call into question US security guarantees towards NATO nations and apparent openness to Putin ’s views on the Mr. Putin of Crimea are also factors that helped convince 50 Republican national security officials to sign a letter last month denouncing Trump . Obama takes swipe at Republicans , Clinton has seized on the issue to attack her presidential opponent . She Clinton recently that Trump Clinton praise for Putin Trump him out as unpatriotic and Trump’s praise for Putin , as she tried to bolster her Clinton that her surging Clinton was unfit Clinton sit in the Oval Office . " It ’s beyond one ’s her surging rival was unfit to sit in the Oval Office to have a candidate for president praising a Russian autocrat like Vladimir Putin , " Clinton Putin . President Barack Obama , fresh from his own latest confrontation with the Putin leader at the G20 , also weighed in on Monday . " Think about what ’s happened to the Republican Party . They used to be opposed to the Republican Party and authoritarianism , fighting for freedom and fighting for democracy , " Obama said , campaigning for Clinton in Philadelphia on Tuesday . " And now their nominee is out there praising the Republican Party guy , saying , ’He ’s a strong leader because he invades smaller countries , jails ’He opponents , controls the press ’He drives his economy into a long recession ’He ’ " Obama ’s intervention sparked an angry response by Moscow     which Democrats will likely welcome , since it plays into their claim that the Kremlin would Democrats a friendly Trump rather than a hostile Clinton as president . US computer systems infiltrated ? " Unfortunately , ( when ) we see the continuing manifestation of such a blatant Russophobia , we can only express regret here , " Putin press secretary Dmitry Peskov said Wednesday in comments carried by the TASS news agency . Peskov bemoaned the " Russian card Putin press secretary Dmitry Peskov the card of our president " being used as " an almost decisive one in the US electoral process . " The US government has provided no concrete evidence that the Russian government is targeting the The US government The Kremlin has vehemently denied involvement . But The US government accepted wisdom in Washington that entities probably The US government to the Russian state but with plausible distance from official Washington US computer systems and facilitated the leak of embarrassing emails , Recent reports of email infiltration include former secretary of state Colin Powell . And the World    Agency accused Russia of being behind an alleged breach of US Olympic athlete ’s medical files . The Democratic National Committee has also been a target , and many party stalwarts fear that more embarrassing revelations , perhaps directly targeting the Democratic nominee are on the way . Fiona Hill of the Brookings Institution , who    a book on Putin , said that the motivation behind the hacks was to show the outside world , including Russians , that the US political system was hardly a paragon of democracy and good governance in order to undermine the moral authority of Washington overseas . Putin wants to restore Russia ’s status , Paraphrasing the argument Putin Russia could make after a chaotic election , Hill said : Russia Look at what is happening in the United States     do you really think this , this picture that we are seeing here , is any better than any of the other systems around the word ? What gives these people , who are engaged in this kind of dirty politics , the right to make pronouncements ? " The Russian president has also made no secret that his core political project is undermining Western political , diplomatic and The Russian president institutions in order to restore what he sees as Russia ’s rightful place as a global great The Russian president . He ’s also made clear his belief that the US and The Russian president European allies have conspired The Russian president Russian interests in Georgia , Russia , Libya and Syria . Putin also harbors personal animosity towards Clinton in particular , after The Russian president her of intervening directly against his party in parliamentary elections in Clinton in 2011 while she The Russian president secretary of state . But the election intrigue is Clinton just a reflection of the estranged nature of    relations , and of the fact that Putin has many political , foreign policy and personal reasons to The Russian president an intervention in US democracy as a winning strategy . Putin has ’narrowed the gap’ It is also likely a sign The Russian president increasing Russian confidence and influence on the world stage , as Putin confounds the efforts of Western nations to isolate and ostracize The Russian president after the annexation of Crimea . Russia , after inserting The Russian president back in the Middle East , has become a crucial Russia often obstructive partner in US efforts to broker a Syria ceasefire . In Beijing earlier this month , Putin was ubiquitous at the G20 summit in Beijing after once The Russian president scorned by the group for his actions Beijing Ukraine . And despite its hobbled economy , The Russian president reliance on energy sources and claims Russia Putin has established a brutal , authoritarian state , Russia still The Russian president to be confounding Western predictions that it would Russia no more than a decaying regional super power Russia " ( Putin ) has narrowed the gap or maybe even exceeded expectations The Russian president ’s power potential , its latent capability as it recovered economically and what the world system Russian certainly the Western Russian      the political , societal and economic system     had relegated it to , " said Matthew Rojansky , a Russia scholar at the Wilson Center . 
 Russia 