February 28 , 2017 , The U. S. president gives some details about The U. S. president upcoming budget proposal . An international mystery deepens concerning a murdered relative of North Korea ’s leader . A debate takes place regarding    visas . And a crowdfunding site helps Americans cover the cost of adoption . It ’s all featured this Tuesday on CNN 10 . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   On this February 28th , thank you for taking time for CNN 10 .   I ’m Carl Azuz . Tonight , U. S. President Donald Trump makes his U. S. President Donald Trump address to a joint session of Congress .   You can watch the Republican leaders speech and the Democratic response starting at 9:00 p. m. Eastern on CNN .    When we bring you some highlights tomorrow , we we explain why a president ’s first speech like this is not technically a State of the Union address .   One thing President Trump is expected to do is outline his President Trump for the coming years .   And on Monday , he President Trump some information about his President Trump budget proposal , which is expected next month . The Trump President Trump plans to increase U. S. defense and security spending by $ 54 billion and decrease about the same amount from    programs .       BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) DONALD TRUMP , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   This budget will be a public safety and national security budget .   This defense spending increase will be offset and paid for by finding greater savings and efficiencies across the federal government .   We ’re going to do more with less .       END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   The president added that , quote , " lower priority programs and most federal agencies would see their "lower priority programs and most federal agencies reduced in the proposal . "   Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer says President Trump ’s budget proposal would , quote , " help the wealthy and special interest and that it President Trump’s budget proposal significantly cut programs that help the middle class . "   A president ’s budget proposal is a blue print .   It A president’s budget proposal his A president’s but it A president’s budget proposal Congress that determines the final budget for the federal government . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : What nation ’s full name includes " Democratic People ’s Republic " though it ’s a communist state ? Bangladesh , Cuba , North Korea or Vietnam ? The DPRK or the Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea North Korea the full name of North North Korea a communist country .    ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   An international murder mystery is deepening .   It started An international murder mystery the apparent poisoning of a man named Kim Jong Nam .   He was a man named Kim Jong Nam    of North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un .   And he died a man named Kim Jong Nam February 13 while traveling through Malaysia at Kuala Lumpur International Airport . The murder is having ripple effects around the world .   Malaysia says Malaysia North Koreans were involved in Kim Jong Nam ’s death , and South Korea has accused the North Korean government of ordering the murder The murder North Korea has South Korea being involved and says the South is publishing South Korea .   But all this is believed to have caused the cancellation of informal talks being North Korean officials and former American government workers .   The talks were set for informal talks being North Korean officials and former American government workers in New York , but the Trump administration changed its mind on approving the North the Trump administration travel .   That decision was made after officials announced how Kim Jong Nam was killed . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) MATT RIVERS , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   This is a spot where Kim Jong Nam was poisoned . Kim Jong Nam here awaiting to check in for Kim Jong Nam flight to Macau , when as you can see in some pretty incredible CCTV footage , a woman walks up behind him and police say she then puts VX Kim Jong Nam agent on his a woman , one of the world ’s Kim Jong Nam deadly chemicals . She flees the scene and he immediately becomes a woman .   He starts Kim Jong Nam this way and eventually ending Kim Jong Nam at this information desk right here .   He goes up , cuts several people in Kim Jong Nam and asks for help .   He tells the attendants that he ’s feeling Kim Jong Nam . And standing here Kim Jong Nam this is a really public place .   It ’s big , it ’s open , this frankly , it this kind of bizarre to think that this alleged assassination of such a public figure could happen in a place like this .   And yet here we are . He then heads down to the clinic where Kim Jong Nam Malaysian health minister said he later fainted .   From the time the Malaysian health minister was poisoned , from the time he the Malaysian health minister en route to the hospital in the Malaysian health minister ambulance , it ’s only 20 minutes .   Once officials confirmed that VX nerve agent was used , they finally sent in a hazmat team to officials if there were any chemicals left over here in terminal two .   And thankfully , they did n’t find anything , but it officials the question , what took so long to send in the team .   Why did n’t they a hazmat team in earlier ? And that officials not officials only question here .   The two female suspects involved both told investigators that they thought they were just part of the prank The two female suspects involved both . The two female suspects involved both That they did n’t know they were doing anything wrong The two female suspects involved both   But Malaysian The two female suspects involved both say they specifically trained for this attack .    So Malaysian police which version is correct ?   And furthermore , police say that they had VX nerve agent on their hands . police So , why did n’t police one of them get sick ?    The fact is that police ’ve learned a lot over the past two weeks since this alleged assassination took place but there are many questions that still remain in this most public murder of Kim Jong Nam . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Later this week , President Trump is expected to issue a new executive order concerning immigration to the U. S.   Courts put his previous travel restrictions on hold .   Separately President Trump that , though , Democratic and Republican lawmakers had introduced bills that could reduce the number of people from other countries allowed to work in the U. S.    The most popular program for this is the    visa program .   Healthcare , media and tech companies all use    to get international talent and to hire trained workers that they ca n’t find in America . But critics Healthcare, media and tech companies the    program is flawed , that some companies the   visa program pay foreign workers less money than they pay America employees .   That apparently has n’t stopped foreign workers from America the world from wanting to work in the U. S. ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) RAVI AGRAWAL , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   Aayush Suwalka symbolizes the Indian dream .   He grew up in a small town , studied hard and Aayush Suwalka to take it to one of the country ’s best engineering colleges . Aayush Suwalka the dream in Aayush ’s mind is n’t Indian , it ’s American . Why America ? AAYUSH SUWALKA , TECH Indian :   It ’s always America because the companies , all the big Indian are there America America and the life there is like really amazing . AGRAWAL America   At Aayush ’s college in Bangalore , students are recruited by the Aayush ’s biggest companies .   With months to go before he graduates , Aayush has already gotten a job at the local branch of Aayush , the American investment bank .    His dream is to work with them for a few years he , and then transfer to the United States . Every year , tens of thousands of Indians move to the United States on highly skilled work visas and many of the United States to come from technology and engineering schools like this one here in Bangalore , in the city that is known as the heart of India ’s Silicon Valley , and when you speak to the students here , they ’ll tell you that they often entered these universities with an end tens of thousands of Indians in mind , and tens of thousands of Indians a lot of them , that end goal is America . Congress is deliberating three separate these universities aiming to curb immigrant work visas .   One of those visa programs , the    for highly skilled workers , is being watched closely .   Of the 85 , 000 visas handed out every year , an estimated    go to Indian workers . As we leave Aayush for the day , I have little doubt he is going to make his dreams come true .   The only Aayush is when . ( Aayush VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   The U. S. government says it ’s hard to determine exactly how many children are adopted each year The U. S. government America .   It ’s estimated to be around 135 , 000 .   For many The U. S. government , the cost of adoption is an obstacle .   The government estimates that adopting American children can range from $ 15 , The U. S. government $ 40 , 000 .   International adoptions can cost $ 20 , 000 to $ 50 , 000 .    But the founder of Adopt Together devised a way for people to share those costs . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) HANK FORTENER , ADOPTTOGETHER . ORG :   I grew up with a brother and a sister and we had 36 foster kids over a    period .   And then my mom and dad adopted four boys and four girls from five different countries . In the morning , you did n’t know who ’s going to be at the breakfast table , but there was always more seat . Did you have this pillow with you ? UNIDENTIFIED KID :   Yes . FORTENER :   What a cool idea . Who ’s this right here ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   Daddy . MATT RIEHM , FATHER OF ADOPTED SON :   Tacy came to me and said she wanted to adopt .   We ’re really concerned about the costs . Tacy :   And oftentimes , a family is looking at bill of $ FORTENER:   , $ 40 , 000 , $ 50 , 000 .   If so many families would adopt if they can eliminate this financial barrier , then what if we could carry the burden together so many families AdoptTogether . org is designed as a first ever crowdfunding platform for adoption . We ’re raising funds to pay those bills .   That ’s when you friends and family and    get to be a part of your adoption stories , simply by donating to your process .    TACY RIEHM , MOTHER OF ADOPTED SON :   We are n’t anything crazy special .   We ’re not rich .   We and a community brought him home . FORTENER : We AdoptTogether . org has helped We 2 , 400 families ADOPTED SON raised $ FORTENER:   million to AdoptTogether their kids home and it ’s so rewarding for me to get to do this work because I org to continue in the family business of helping children come in to families . Nice ! ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Usually the (END VIDEOTAPE) and " Ring of Fire " are used when talking about earthquakes .   This phenomenon was celestial .   It ’s a solar eclipse when the moon passes between the earth and the sun .   It was visible on This phenomenon in the southern hemisphere .   Countries like Chile .   But scientists say a Ring This phenomenon Fire eclipse is unique because the moon is too far away from Chile Earth to appear to cover the sun completely .   So , with the moon exposed , a ring of sunlight earth moon . Johnny Cash would the sun into that .   And though it might not happen every February , it the moon annular , which has a nice ring to it .   It leaves some observers    and it makes for a    it to CNN 10 . I ’m Starl Azuz . Click it to access it printable CNN INTERNATIONAL of today ’s it 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a CNN INTERNATIONAL audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for CNN INTERNATIONAL seekers on the go or in CNN 10 . The show CNN 10 is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how CNN 10 fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN 10 