  ( CNN ) A group of    in New Jersey , all members of A group of   in New Jersey, all members of their school’s student council school ’s student council , were dismayed by the performances of both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in the first showdown of this most unusual presidential campaign .   Asked whether the presidential candidates " played nice " with each other in the presidential candidates highly anticipated first debate , none of the 16 students who gathered to talk with CNN on Tuesday raised none of the 16 students who gathered to talk with CNN on Tuesday hands .   Trump , the Republican businessman , interrupted the Democratic politician way too often , said Emma Zwickel , an    and a Trump supporter . " Every time that Hillary said something that Trump did n’t agree with that was about him Trump Donald Trump be like , ’Wrong , wrong , wrong,’ " said Emma , vice president of the student council at Robert R. Lazar Middle School in Montville , New Jersey . " Hillary Hillary least was n’t interrupting him Trump " Riya Jain , a    said both candidates are not playing fair and should have considered their both candidates ’s points and listened to what they both candidates saying . " I think that they both candidates have listened to each other , because . .. one of the main things a president needs to have is listening skills for ideas and being open to different thoughts and opinions . " If she Hillary her Hillary or friends the way she Hillary the candidates treated each other at the debate , Riya said , she Riya be grounded for a week or maybe longer . Mihir Tanguturi , a    said he Riya probably be punished too and would n’t have the friendships he Riya today . " I definitely would n’t have many more friends at all , and they many more friends know that I would n’t be a very nice person . " Megha Rameshkumar , a    who said she Riya undecided , said Trump was being " rude " and not " really respectful " every time he Trump Clinton . " I think he Trump have let her Riya , because he Trump a chance to speak after her Riya so he Trump have made his Trump when he Trump the chance to speak , " Megha said . " He Trump have let her Riya when she Riya the chance to talk . " Ian Hagen , an    said Trump kept speaking over his Trump time , and Ian did n’t appreciate his Ian approach with Clinton . " When they were handshaking , he Trump his Trump behind Hillary , and that ’s just really rude . " Michael Usatine , also an    said Trump Trump n’t focusing on the issues that were on the table . " Every time Trump Trump up a topic , it was sort of related to a business and not how he Trump be running the country . " Sarah Gorman , a    and a Clinton supporter , agreed and said Trump Trump instead often pointing fingers at his Trump . " He Trump only talking about his a business and he Trump also blaming Hillary Clinton Clinton lot of things that were obviously not her fault . Clinton Trump Trump to " learn how to talk and be respectful , " said Adyna Silverberg , a    who said she favors Trump Clinton watching the debate . " Hillary Clinton , Clinton very nice Clinton respectful , but he just has to Clinton more respectful . " But Trump Trump n’t the only candidate these      and    took issue with during what is now the    television debate in US history , with more than 81 million viewers tuning in . Clinton also did n’t Clinton well , some of the students said .   " While Donald Trump saying his speech Trump talking about what he feels Trump are ) his issues Trump she was smiling and laughing Clinton " said Aaron Parisi , a    who was undecided before the debate but said he now Trump Trump .   " She just was n’t respecting Clinton ideas Trump way she should have been . Clinton was setting a bad Clinton and basically laughing at what he was Trump , " said Aaron , the school ’s student council treasurer . Louis Neri , a    and Trump supporter , thought that Trump was " being a little bit arrogant " and that Trump was the more respectful Trump . He also took issue with Trump Lester Holt , anchor of " NBC Nightly News , " saying he believed that some of Trump questioning was " biased , " with too much of a focus on Trump and not enough on Trump . " They asked Clinton about ( some of the questioning was "biased," with too much of a focus on Trump and not enough on Clinton ) Trump and all Trump bankruptcy and debt , and they should have focused on some of the questioning was "biased," with too much of a focus on Trump and not enough on Clinton email scandal . .. Trump Benghazi , " he said , referring to Trump deaths of four Americans at the consulate in Libya in 2012 . Elijah Dor , a    thought Holt did a fine job but Trump was the one being disrespectful . " I felt like Donald Trump was kind of Trump when he was trying to Trump the Trump very nicely . It was just really , really rude , " he said . CNN invited members Trump the school ’s student council to do an interview Tuesday morning after the debate . The students , all under 18 , may be # tooyoungtovote , but they ’re not too young to The students about the issues . Invites by the school were sent to more the school students .    volunteered to do the interview , and the first 16 an interview signed up were selected . Ten of the students thought Clinton behaved better during the The students while seven thought Trump did the debate , the students expressed real frustration with what they are seeing The students from the candidates . " I The students say it ’s a circus , " said    Matthew Wei , who would vote for Trump if he were n’t # tooyoungtovote . " This is Trump of Trump most bizarre campaigns ever . It ’s all about Hillary Clinton saying something bad about , This making commercials about , Trump . And Donald Trump saying something bad about Hillary . Trump Adit Terapanthi Trump    said the debate was Hillary Clinton a baseball game , with the two candidates constantly trying to score against each other . " It was like ’Tom   Jerry’ . .. fighting over every little thing . Donald Trump kept saying , ’Oh , ISIS formed because of Hillary,’ Trump kept saying , ’Donald Trump did n’t pay his federal taxes’ . Hillary Clinton .. They did Trump propose how they ’re Trump stop ISIS or what they Trump going to do about taxes Trump " Jade Hieger ISIS a    Trump . " The thing that makes me most frustrated is how they ’re treating each other like enemies , like they do n’t even respect Trump other , and they do n’t have any Trump for each other when they ’re talking , Trump she said . " And the fact that Donald Trump was speaking over Hillary and the fact that ( she ) was laughing at his ideas was a little frustrating as well . Hillary Looking ahead to the Donald Trump presidential debate , scheduled for October 9 at Washington University in St. Louis , these       and possible future political leaders themselves     had plenty of advice for the candidates . To Trump and Clinton , Adit , who remains undecided , said he hopes to Donald Trump more substance in the next debate . " Instead of Donald Trump over every question , maybe they should let the candidates speak and then tell what they want to do Instead of fighting over every question like propose the candidates . " Julia Demetropoulos , an the candidates who says she now supports Trump , said her candidate was " really rude " to Clinton and needs Donald Trump change that in she next showdown . " I think he Clinton treat her and other women better,’ she said . " Definitely let her her candidate and do Clinton cut people off . she Matthew Colatrella , a    she a Trump supporter , agreed . " Maybe . .. to be a little . .. nicer . " 
 