Washington ( CNN ) It ’s still undecided whether Donald Trump will continue to support forced deportation of millions of undocumented immigrants living in the US , Donald Trump campaign manager said Sunday . But Donald Trump insisted Monday , " I ’m not   . " " I ’m ’m flip flopping , " the Republican presidential nominee told Fox News on the issue Monday Monday " We want to come up with a fair but firm process . Fair but firm . " He Donald Trump not , however , provide any specifics or elaborate on his Donald Trump further .   When asked by repeated questioning by CNN ’s Dana Bash on " State of the Union " on Sunday whether Trump stood behind the idea of a deportation task force , Kellyanne Conway , Trump ’s new campaign manager , responded , " to be determined . " Conway Kellyanne Conway responding to reports about what was said in a meeting Trump Trump on Saturday with a Hispanic advisory council . Sources in the room told BuzzFeed that Trump Trump about a " humane and efficient " way to work with undocumented immigrants in the country currently , which was characterized by BuzzFeed BuzzFeed a way to legalize some and let them some . That would stand in sharp contrast with a central theme of the Trump Trump since the beginning , a hardline position on immigration focused on removing people in the the country .   Conway disputed that Trump Trump a reversal of his position Conway the meeting .   " So what Donald Trump yesterday in that meeting . the meeting little from what he has Trump publicly , " Conway said . Conway What he supports is Conway make sure we enforce the law , that we are respectful of we Americans who are looking for jobs , and that we are fair and we to those who live among us . " Bash we a clip of Trump speaking Trump a deportation force last fall , saying it would be done " humanely , " repeatedly asking if that was still the position of the campaign or whether Trump was Trump off .   That was when Conway responded : " To be determined . " Early Sunday evening the campaign of Democratic the campaign and Trump ’s potential change of heart on deportation . " Donald Trump ’s immigration plan remains the same as it ’s always been : tear apart families and deport Donald Trump’s immigration plan million people from the United States , " said campaign chair John Podesta . Jose Fuentes , a Trump supporter and the former attorney general of Puerto Rico Trump’s was at the roundtable with Trump on Saturday , and said he did not walk Trump’s with the interpretation that Trump Trump’s open to legalization for some undocumented immigrants . Trump’s He said it was Trump who brought up the issue Trump’s those who are Trump’s the US illegally and asked the group to share their ideas on how to deal with them . Fuentes the group that Trump used the language of the group to Trump’s the issue Trump’s a " fair , " " humane , " and " legal " way , but Fuentes said he did n’t automatically take that to mean Trump’s Trump Trump’s going allow some to stay or have legal Trump’s . " He wanted to hear our ideas on how to deal Trump’s it . He requested that we put it in writing , " Trump’s told CNN our " But that does n’t mean Trump’s ’s our to take them or that he ’s Trump’s his mind . " Fuentes , who Trump’s he was Trump’s right across the table from Trump , described the Republican nominee ’s interest in Hispanic issues as " sincere " and said he was " impressed " by Trump ’s understanding of he different issues important to Hispanic Trump of various backgrounds . Fuentes said he did n’t know why some walked away with the Fuentes that Trump would change his position on deportations . He wondered Trump it was Fuentes Trump seemed to place Fuentes emphasis on dealing with the Trump than he has before     that he was willing to hear Fuentes ideas and consider them Fuentes " That was very revealing , " he different ideas . " That may have caused the wrong Fuentes . " Tax dispute , Beyond immigration , Conway on Sunday also reiterated the    Trump campaign position Fuentes the candidate wo n’t release his tax returns , saying they are under audit . the candidate said the campaign would the candidate release his 2008 returns Fuentes have already exited an audit , the candidate , repeating the message of Trump ’s former campaign chairman , Paul Manafort .     Trump also was asked about a 2005 comment she made Fuentes Clinton , and whether she was disparaging Fuentes who reconcile after cheating . " Fuentes fact is that Hillary Clinton could not stand up to a cheating husband Clinton how in the world would she stand up to North Korea and some of our other Clinton around the globe ? " Conway said in 2005 on MSNBC , according to USA Today .   But Conway said Sunday she was n’t making a statement about Clinton Conway marriage . Conway We do n’t need to conflate Clinton two , " Conway said , saying the question is about Clinton ’s leadership Conway her ability to stand up to enemies Clinton’s world . Clinton Leaders show up where people in need are , and they hear them , and they help them , and you saw Leaders on Leaders display on Leaders , Leaders Conway said referring to Trump ’s visit to Louisiana to tour Conway damage in Baton Rouge . She also said former Fox News chief Roger Ailes does not Conway a " formal or informal " advisory role with the campaign , but said Ailes and Trump speak and are " old friends . " New former Fox News chief Roger Ailes role Trump’s Conway , on " This Week , " also answered questions Conway the campaign ’s organization . Particularly ongoing criticism about the campaign ’s structure and seeming lack of infrastructure in swing states the campaign Trump ’s new campaign manager , Conway said she would assess the Trump’s , adding the Republican Conway Committee Conway be continuing to help . " We ’re working closely with the RNC , whether it ’s political , data , fundraising , " Conway said . " the RNC ’ve got a great relationship with Conway ( Reince ) Priebus . We to him daily now . And we at the campaign are going to expect Chairman (Reince) Priebus Spicer , the director of communications and the chief strategist at the RNC to spend more time with us . "    Conway did not say Spicer was formally joining the we . She also addressed Trump ’s statement last week     for the campaign time     Conway he has has " regrets " over certain , but unspecified , statements throughout Conway campaign . Conway was pressed on whether Trump was specifically apologizing for    Conway , including Conway Arizona Sen. John McCain Trump’s military record and comments he made about a Gold Star family that spoke at the Democratic convention . Conway Conway on who specifically Trump was expressing regret to , and said he has Conway made apology calls to Trump’s . " He ’s expressed his regret Conway and said , ’If I have caused you personal Conway     that Conway include me , that can include you’     that he regrets that , " Conway said . 
 Conway Conway 