  ( CNN ) As Democrats struggle to make sense of Donald Trump ’s victory , we need look no further than we party ’s failure at the state level .   We have allowed Republicans to dominate in state elections and build astonishing power . The GOP now controls 69 of 99 legislative chambers across America . The GOP hold nearly    of the governors’ mansions . And , in 25 states , The GOP have complete control of the government , including The GOP executive and legislative branches . This gives Republicans control of the rules that govern voting and the reapportionment of legislative and congressional districts . The big takeaway from 2016 is that , despite the public supporting many Democratic positions on policy , Republicans are now reaping the benefits of Republicans organizing strategy , supported by dozens of       . As someone who has recruited and fundraised for state candidates , I know that while Democrats have been great at raising money for presidential candidates , Republicans have an overwhelming advantage as you move   .   Since 2010 , Republican candidates at the state level have outraised their Republican candidates at the state level counterparts by more than $ 700 million , according to data from the National Institute on Money in State Politics . In that same period , the Republican Governors Association outraised its the Republican Governors Association counterpart by a nearly     margin and , at the state legislative level , Democrats were outraised nearly     before we even take into account independent expenditures , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . And as Republicans have gained control at the state level , they Republicans used their Republicans to enact a massive phalanx of legal voter suppression     strict voter ID laws , cutbacks in early voting , new registration requirements and other regulations     aimed at depressing voters in core Democratic constituencies .   According to the Brennan Center for Justice , 14 states added restrictive voting laws between the 2012 and 2016 elections . These 14 states home to 93 million people and hold 155 of the 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency .   A few examples illuminate how this cynical strategy can translate into the Electoral College and tip the balance in a presidential election : In Wisconsin , which Trump won by just over 25 , 000 votes , more than 10 times that many eligible voters     as many as 300 , 000 people     may have been disenfranchised because they lacked many eligible voters    as many as 300, 000 people     proper ID under a strict new voter ID law . While some of North Carolina ’s more draconian voting restrictions were struck down just before the election a presidential election purge of early voting sites remained in place . At the end of the state ’s North Carolina period , a GOP memo heralded that    turnout had dropped nearly 9 % . Trump won the state by fewer North Carolina , 000 votes . Florida , along with Iowa and Virginia , permanently disenfranchises anyone with a felony conviction . As a result , roughly 1 . 5 million Florida residents ( almost 10 Florida of the state ’s population ) North Carolina This year , one in four of Florida ’s black residents could not cast Florida ballot . Clinton lost Florida by just 112 , 000 votes Florida The good news for Democrats is that this problem has a clear solution . The founders actually designed our federalist system to deal with attempts at overreach by the federal government . The provisions they put into place to check the the federal government of a " tyrant " may now be put to their greatest test in American history . the federal government be sure , faced with hegemonic Republican power at the federal level , our representatives in Washington need our support , but we may best our representatives in Washington their backs by our representatives in Washington for real action our representatives in Washington the state level . The first line of defense will be Democratic governors ,    and legislatures . Democratic activists must demand that their Democratic state leaders stand up to Democratic activists overreach and protect our most vulnerable residents , including immigrants and racial and religious minorities . Those activists should support Democrats when we Democratic activists right thing , and get in our faces when we shirk moral leadership . we More important we the    we need a broad commitment from activists and we to take back state governments , starting next year when New Jersey and Virginia have critical gubernatorial , attorney general and state legislative elections . Furthermore , a federal court recently ordered North Carolina to redraw its racially gerrymandered legislative districts and hold new a federal court in 2017 . In 2018 , 87 of 99 state legislatures and 36 governorships are up for    the vast majority of which are held by Republicans .   This presents Democrats with a clear path forward . Most national progressive groups and donors have never sought to match the other side ’s investment in building a     infrastructure . If we focus our attention where it needs to be , we can make significant gains in the next we years and blunt the worst aspects of the    agenda . The road to a resurgent Democratic Party runs through Madison , Harrisburg , Columbus and Tallahassee . Even more important , it ’s the path for winning successful progressive public policy and building a healthier , vibrant and just society . 
 