’   ’ ’    Multiple sources told Business Insider that the Thursday vote on    the House Republicans    bill would be postponed    because party leaders failed to reach an agreement on the House Republicans   bill . ’ "    One of the sources , who spoke with multiple Hill Republicans ,    said the vote on the American Health Care Act   —    the GOP    leadership ’s bill to repeal and replace Obamacare   —    would be    pushed to a later date . " ’    The impasse between Republicans came as hardline conservative    members of the GOP in the House Freedom Caucus demanded more    concessions on repealing parts of Obamacare , while moderate    Republicans balked at those aggressive changes . ’ ’    After meeting with President Trump on Thursday ,   that there    was no deal agreed to and that the the GOP not have enough votes    to pass the bill . ’ "    One of Business Insider ’s sources said the breakdown    was over the Freedom Caucus’ desire to repeal essential    health benefits   —    part of Obamacare that mandated insurers cover    basic health procedures such as prenatal care and preventive    health services . " ’’ "    Reportedly ,   and pushed for    a repeal of the ACA ’s provisions preventing insurers from denying    patients based on a preexisting condition . " ’    At the same time ,   that the concessions went    too far and a handful came out against the bill for being too    severe    ’ "    House Speaker Paul Ryan had scheduled a press conference for 3:30    p. m. ET , but it has a press conference for 3:30   p. m. ET postponed . Official word on whether or    not the vote would be delayed is expected at the meeting . Soon    after Ryan ’s House Speaker Paul Ryan was postponed , a number of outlets    reported that the vote would the vote to a later date . " ’ Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told    senators not to expect a vote on the bill until Monday the vote would be pushed to a later date    senior Senate aides .    ’ Senate Earlier Thursday , Republican Rep. Phil Roe of Tennessee , after    meeting with committee chairs and House Majority Leader Kevin    McCarthy ,   would not happen Thursday . ’ ’    Earlier Thursday told reporters that he Republican Rep. Phil Roe of Tennessee the vote to Republican Rep. Phil Roe of Tennessee on Friday . ’ ’    Ryan has consistently said that the vote would be on the vote    and White Earlier Thursday press secretary Sean Spicer said he expected the    vote would White House press secretary Sean Spicer as scheduled during his      press briefing . Business White House press secretary Sean Spicer asked several top House    Republicans for comment , but none immediately responded . ’ ’ which has been tracking    public statements regarding the vote , 31 House GOP members are    against the AHCA with 15 more expressing doubts about the bill . ’ ’    In order for the bill to pass , a the bill 22 Republicans can    vote against it . ’ ’Multiple sources told Business the bill that the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 