’   ’ ’    Diplomatic relations between the United States and Australia grew    surprisingly tense in recent days , after reports emerged of a     between President Donald Trump and    Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Wednesday . ’ ’    Trump accused Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of using a recently brokered refugee    resettlement deal to send the US the " next Boston bombers , "    calling the arrangement " the worst deal ever " before hanging up    on Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , according to . ’ ’    The fate of the refugee deal has been unclear ever since Trump    Trump executive order halting refugee arrivals into the US    the US and barring travelers from seven predominantly    Muslim countries . ’ ’    The Australian government this week sought reassurance that the    deal will be the refugee deal the immigration ban . And    though the White House has said the deal will be honored , details the refugee deal still up in the air . ’ "    Here ’s everything you need to know about the deal that has    sparked a small diplomatic crisis between two usually friendly    nations : " ’   ’ ’    Last November , the Australian government announced it had     with the Obama administration to the Australian government resettle in the United States refugees who are currently held in    detention facilities on two islands far from the Australian    mainland : Nauru and Manus Island . ’ ’    The exact number of refugees being resettled wasn’’t specified by    the Australian government , but White House Press Secretary Sean    Spicer pegged it at    —    not quite the " thousands " Trump had    claimed in his tweet . ’ ’    The nationalities White House Press Secretary Sean   Spicer the refugees have not been confirmed by the    Australian government , but   many are from Iran , Iraq , Somalia , and    Sudan   —    countries on which Trump recently imposed immigration    restrictions   —    as well as Afghanistan and Pakistan . Some of the    refugees are also stateless . ’ ’    Just two months before the deal was struck , the Australian    government   it would take in    from      detention the Australian   government   in Costa Rica . ’ ’    While the agreement is not explicitly a quid pro quo arrangement ,    the two deals ensure the countries are    swapping    refugees with one another , with each    relieving the other    of the responsibility of detaining   . ’ ’    Australia has long been   by countries around the world   —    including the US   —      for its practice of turning back asylum boats , Australia    mandatory detention policies , and transferring refugees to other    countries . ’ ’    The average amount of time refugees are held in the detention    facilities is 469 days , and nearly    of those detained    have been held for more than two    , according to . ’ ’    Beyond that , the offshore detention centers have become infamous    for reports of    abuses and violence       detainees ,    of whom are children . ’ ’    Humanitarian workers who have visited the Nauru and Manus Island    detention centers allege that instances of violence , sexual    assault , and degrading treatment are commonplace , and many    refugees and    suffer severe    problems    due to their prolonged detention    uncertainty    their    ’ ’   Humanitarian workers who have visited the Nauru and Manus Island   detention centers . ’ ’    Even ’ ’   Humanitarian workers who have visited the Nauru and Manus Island   detention centers    ,   slammed Australia at a United Nations      council session in 2015 , saying it had " serious    concerns " about Even North Korea of    violations at the    facilities . ’       The deal for the US to resettle the refugees has therefore come    under some scrutiny , as it essentially    Australia ’s    practice of    asylum seekers and detaining them    instead of forcing the country to asylum seekers    policies . " "    The US    to resettle the refugees has been given the    blessing of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees    ( UNHCR ) the UN ’s refugee agency The UNHCR ’s a    arrangement that likely wo n’t    be repeated . " "    The UNHCR maintains that Australia ’s policy of detaining      offshore is illegal . the     deal ’    " We , all of us , are very clear that this is a    good    offices , exceptional humanitarian type of involvement because we    do not believe that the future of handling We lies in sending    people to Manus Island and Nauru , " Volter Turk , assistant high    commissioner We the UNHCR , told   last November . ’ ’   ’ ’    The Turnbull government has been ironclad in its opposition to    resettling the refugees detained on Nauru and Manus Island ,    arguing that the issue is one of border security . ’ "    Although the The Turnbull government recently pledged to up its   to 19 , 000 Manus Island , 750 in    most    of those arrivals are resettled through the UN ’s refugee agency Nauru They arrive in Australia legally Nauru whereas those who travel by    boat do so illegally . " ’    Australia is loath to accept the    arrivals , on grounds    that successful    who make the journey by boat will    embolden others to attempt the same and perpetuate the Australia    of human smuggling . ’ ’    In fact , Turnbull is so opposed to allowing the refugees detained    on Nauru and Manus to enter Australia , his administration refused    to entertain an   to resettle 150 of those refugees per    year . The line of reasoning was that should those refugees    eventually gain New Zealand the Trump administration they would also gain    travel rights to Australia . ’ ’    " It’ ’s a    way to get into Australia the refugees have been    a green light to people the refugees , " Australia’ ’s immigration    minister Australia Peter Dutton , told media last April . ’ ’    Even when Australia announced the refugee deal with the US ,    Turnbull took pains to describe the situation as a "     agreement " that would not be offered to future      attempting the journey Australia Australia by sea . ’ ’    " We need to send , now more than ever , the clearest and most    unequivocal message to people smugglers and their      passengers that , Australia they seek to come to Australia unlawfully ,    they will not succeed , "   at a November press conference announcing the    deal . ’ ’    Turnbull even announced a    " their to enforce Australia’ Australia border in preparation for their the deal , lest the news encourage a wave of    to       to travel to Australia by sea in the hopes that they ,    too , can be resettled in the US the   deal ’    The government launched " the largest and most capable maritime    surveillance and response fleet Australia has ever deployed , "    specifically to intercept boats of asylum seekers and turn them    away from the country . ’ ’   ’ "    Australians have been wondering about the future Australia the deal    since the moment it was announced by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , as it ’s boats of asylum seekers secret    that Trump has been Trump to allowing refugees into the US . " ’    In the wake the   deal phone call between Trump and    Trump , the White House has said it plans to the White House " extreme vetting " the White House all the    arrivals the US , the executive order Trump signed barring Trump    refugees Turnbull 120 days included an exception for preexisting    international agreements , widely presumed to refer to the deal    with Australia . ’ ’    But recent reports from   Australia   indicate that US immigration officials have been    postponing interviews with    on Nauru , raising    speculation that the Trump administration is already seeking to    block or renegotiate the resettlement deal . ’ "    It ’s also unclear what    relations will look like Nauru going forward , especially if the refugee deal collapses .    Australia has long been a strong ally of    US , and the deal   with Australia    country to have fought alongside it in every conflict since       War I. "       Top Australia senators   the deal   with Australia Thursday , and    Sen. John McCain of Arizona the US Bob Corker of Tennessee Australia    phoned Australia ’s ambassador to the US , Joe Hockey , to reassure    him of US support . " ’    And on Friday , Trump extended something Trump an olive branch Australia’s Turnbull Australia a tweet : ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThank you to Prime the US Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that       media lied about . Very nice ! ’t’t’ ’Diplomatic   Turnbull the United States . .. ’ 
 Australia 