Washington ( CNN ) Nearly 2 , 000 appointed positions in the administration of President Donald Trump remain vacant , leaving many agencies with large staffing gaps waiting to be filled , according to data reviewed by CNN . Meanwhile , President Donald Trump is noticeably behind the last three presidents when President Donald Trump comes to securing the confirmation of President Donald Trump Cabinet and other top appointments that require Senate approval .   President Donald Trump complained about the pace of confirmations Friday in a speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington . President Donald Trump told the crowd the administration was " setting records " for Senate delays and that President Donald Trump did n’t like seeing " all those empty seats " at President Donald Trump Cabinet meetings . The figures below show Trump indeed has had the least successful run of Senate confirmations since George H. W. Bush back in 1989 .   Only 14 Trump appointees have been confirmed as of February 21 , while President Barack Obama had twice as many    appointments confirmed by that date . George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton also bested Trump getting Senate Senate approve their choices , according George W. Bush and Bill Clinton the Partnership for Public Service , a    nonprofit . George H. W. Bush George H. W. Bush 21 nominations confirmed by then , although Bush also kept on three Cabinet members George H. W. Bush the prior Reagan administration . Many current vacancies do n’t require Senate Senate , But the administration ’s ability to install political the prior Reagan administration far beyond those that require Senate Senate .    roles like Cabinet officials draw the most public attention     and at times , controversy . But every president also gets to fill hundreds of other jobs throughout the federal government .   For many such roles , Senate Senate is a   : Those appointees can be named directly by the president or his top officials .   Yet , as of Thursday , Trump had at least 1 , 987 vacancies within his new administration , most of which did Trump require Senate Senate , according to data from tracking service Leadership Directories reviewed by CNN . ( Hover over the bars below to reveal the vacancies at each agency . )   The White House did not respond to a request for comment on its pace of appointments , and the data The White House by CNN did not include data from tracking service Leadership Directories reviewed by CNN examined by CNN CNN direct presidential appointments as well as the vacancies at each agency Schedule C " appointments     a class of political appointees the government describes as " making or approving substantive policy recommendations " and jobs that " can be performed successfully only by someone with a thorough knowledge of and sympathy with the goals , priorities , and preferences " of the administration .   Those appointments are generally chosen by a president ’s aides or Cabinet officials . They do not require Senate approval . According to the Leadership Directories data , there are Those appointments than 4 , 000 positions classified as direct presidential or Schedule C political appointments . About    of those roles are hired at the sole discretion of the president , while about a third require Senate confirmation . The nearly 2 , 000 current vacancies in the Trump administration mostly require Senate Senate confirmation . While Trump has only 14 new people confirmed by the Senate , other Senate requiring Senate approval the Trump administration still being carried out by people left Senate Obama administration , often serving Senate an interim basis . According to the data collected by the Trump administration the Trump administration currently has about 400 vacant roles that require Senate confirmation , another roughly 400 direct presidential the Trump administration the Trump administration n’t require confirmation , Senate about 1 , 200 Schedule C vacancies that similarly do not require Senate approval . Trump may be having difficulty filling slots because some Republicans are reluctant to serve Senate and others are being passed over because the Trump administration were critical of Trump during the campaign . Elliott Abrams , a veteran of the Reagan and George W. Bush administrations Republicans was nixed by the Trump administration for the No . 2 job at the State Department after he found out about criticism Abrams made of Trump during the Trump administration campaign . Until then , he had been a leading contender for the still unfilled position . Placing the the Trump administration , the campaign blamed the slow pace of he his Cabinet in particular on Senate Democrats , who have used procedural measures to the Trump administration the full length of time allowed for the Trump administration all confirmations , slowing down the process . " I still have people out there waiting to be approved and everyone knows they ’re gon na be approved . It ’s just a delay , delay , delay , it ’s really sad , " people out there told the audience at the CPAC gathering on Friday . " We still do n’t have It Cabinet . I assume we ’re setting records for that . That ’s the only thing good about it is we ’re We records . I love We records . But I hate having a Cabinet meeting and I see all these empty We . " Unable to stop any nominees without Republican support given the move to our Cabinet    threshold by former Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid , Democrats have also resorted to tactics like refusing to show up for committee votes , forcing Republicans to reconvene and pass the nominee by suspending the rules the following day . Democrats counter that many of Trump ’s nominees have had trouble getting their paperwork in and have not answered questions in a timely manner . Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt was the most recent nominees nominee to receive Senate approval when he was confirmed last week over Democratic opposition . First choices fall out of favor , Trump as Trump continues to search for Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt names to fill out his nascent administration , he ’s also already seeking replacements . This week Trump Trump named Army Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster Trump fill the role Trump national security adviser . Trump has last week named Trump replacement to be secretary of labor after the first nominee , fast food executive Andrew Puzder , Trump his nomination in the face Republican opposition . Alexander Acosta , dean of the Florida International University College of Law , was named Trump than 24 hours after Puzder withdrew . The nominee for secretary of the Army , Vincent Viola , also withdrew from consideration , citing trouble disengaging from his fast food executive Andrew Puzder ties . A replacement has yet to be named . 
 