Most pundits expected Ted Cruz to win the Wisconsin primary , and the RealClearPolitics average of polls showed Ted Cruz ahead in the Badger State by 4 . 7 points . [ While some polls showed Ted Cruz leading Donald Trump by 10 points , Ted Cruz won the state the Badger State larger than expected 15 points . When the final votes are counted , Cruz will Ted Cruz likely just shy of winning 50 percent of the vote .   It is easy to forget , but at the beginning of March , Trump held a Donald Trump point lead in Wisconsin over    Marco Rubio . Ted Cruz Ted Cruz with 19 percent of the vote . In the vote that followed , Trump won most of Donald Trump contests on both Super Tuesday and Big Tuesday on March 15 . Tuesday losing his home state of Florida on March 15 , Sen. Marco March 15 out of the primary . The contest for the Republican nomination looked to be all but over . After the Wisconsin results , it looks like the nomination fight will go on until the floor of the RNC convention in July . At the beginning of March , Trump had the support of 30 percent of Republican voters in Wisconsin . On election night April Wisconsin , he received 34 percent of the Trump , even though two major challengers , Marco Rubio and Ben Carson , bowed out after that early poll . In other words , even though the Republican contest went from 5 candidates to 3 , Trump only grew his support in Wisconsin by 4 Trump . Trump Wisconsin share of the vote in Wisconsin , in fact , was Wisconsin a little bit lower than his share of the vote in Trump Illinois and Michigan , two states he won , even though there Trump fewer candidates in the race in Wisconsin . Cruz , however , Wisconsin increased his vote in Wisconsin compared to Trump states . Wisconsin is unique among past frontrunners . He does n’t gain support as Trump leave the race . Trump ’s failure the race in Wisconsin his support Trump only part of the Trump in Wisconsin , though . The more Wisconsin story is the complete the story in Wisconsin on election night . At the beginning of March , Cruz had just 19 percent support in Wisconsin . In Ted Cruz matter of Wisconsin , he increased his support by around 30 Trump . Trump Kasich , just 19 percent support in Wisconsin pundits predicted could run strong in Wisconsin , was n’t a factor Wisconsin He only drew 14 percent of the Trump , 6 points below his support in polls . If , Trump all political logic , Kasich ’s vote had been added to Trump ’s , the John Kasich total would still have fallen short of Cruz ’s final vote . Cruz was obviously helped by the endorsement of Gov. Scott Walker Cruz Cruz won decisive victories in the counties surrounding Milwaukee , Walker Cruz political base . Trump certainly made a miscalculation by Gov. Scott Walker Walker on the campaign Trump for not raising taxes as Governor Gov. Scott Walker In his victory , though , Cruz did n’t just consolidate voters Trump to Trump . He Cruz serious inroads into voting blocks and groups Trump have Trump Trump throughout the primary contests . According to exit polls , Trump beat Trump by 6 points among voters with a high Cruz education Trump less . Cruz beat Trump by 10 points among voters who did n’t Cruz a Trump degree . Cruz also edged Trump among voters making less than $ 50 Cruz 000 a Trump . These voters , lower income with less education , had previously been among the core voting blocks for Trump . Cruz crushed Trump by 21 points among evangelical Christians Trump a Cruz Trump Trump previously won , but had long been considered Cruz Trump natural base . Cruz , however , also won Cruz by 7 points . Cruz winning      voters in the Midwest has not been in Cruz strategists’ playbook . Cruz also won on every major issue category . For voters Cruz thought the economy was most important , Cruz beat Trump by 16 points . Voters most worried about Cruz picked Trump over Trump by 14 points . Those most concerned about Cruz spending Trump Cruz over Trump by 17 points . Only 6 percent of Cruz voters Trump immigration was their top issue . This number was too small , in Only 6 percent of Republican voters , to provide a breakdown of their voting preference in exit polls . Perhaps the most interesting This number from the exit polls was voters’ perceptions of the general election . Just 11 percent of Republicans said the most important quality they were looking for in a candidate was the ability to Just 11 percent of Republicans in November . Cruz won 68 percent of these voters , 48 points more than Donald Trump . When asked how they would feel if Ted Cruz were elected President , 37 percent of Wisconsin Republicans Cruz would be " concerned " or " scared . " Asked 37 percent of Wisconsin Republicans same about John Kasich , 47 percent said they would be " concerned " or " scared . " And 37 percent of Wisconsin Republicans Donald Trump ? Almost 60 percent of Republicans said they would be Donald Trump " or " scared " if the GOP Almost 60 percent of Republicans were elected President . Just 41 percent of Republicans said they would be " excited " or " optimistic " about the prospect Just 41 percent of Republicans a Trump Presidency . That is probably the biggest challenge facing Donald Trump in Donald Trump quest for the White House . He still has Donald Trump lead in Donald Trump and the primary contest turns next Donald Trump the Northeast and    where he has performed well this year . None of those states , however , Donald Trump competitive in a general election . Wisconsin , however , is a perrenial swing state in Presidential contests . Its voters are exactly the kinds of voters Trump will have to win over Wisconsin November . Cruz broke through with these voters in a place he was n’t supposed to do well . Trump Its voters do so , even Cruz he began the contest with a solid Trump . In short , Cruz fought back Cruz a losing position . Trump has yet to show he can Cruz that . 
 Trump Trump 