Republican frontrunner Donald Trump made an appearance on Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon , on the morning after a sweep of the Northeastern Republican primaries . [ Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon invited Republican frontrunner Donald Trump to pivot to the general election , and elaborate on Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon prediction that Democrat Hillary Clinton will be " easy " to beat .   " I would say that I ’ve gone against a lot of very talented people in the Republicans , and one by one   —    you ’ve watched it , Steve   —     they drop off , " said Republican frontrunner Donald Trump . " I just feel that Republican frontrunner Donald Trump ’s so flawed .   I do n’t know that Republican frontrunner Donald Trump ’ll be even able to run because of the email scandal .   I assume that they ’re going to let Republican frontrunner Donald Trump run , which is , by itself , a problem for Republican frontrunner Donald Trump . " " But I believe that Republican frontrunner Donald Trump ’ll be easy , " Republican frontrunner Donald Trump continued .   " Republican frontrunner Donald Trump ’ll be horrible on jobs , Republican frontrunner Donald Trump is horrible on the military and on the border .   Republican frontrunner Donald Trump wants to have open borders with people flying through , and we ca n’t have that , with crime , with economic development , et cetera , et cetera .   Just on those two issues alone , if you talk about jobs , if you talk about the economy , if you talk about border , and if you talk about military   —    because people want strength today , and she does n’t have strength , she does n’t have stamina .   And she will never have it .   And I think she ’ll be easy to beat . " Trump also criticized Clinton for she history of influence peddling after Bannon noted that Clinton claimed she and she husband " left the White House dead broke , " but Clinton claimed she and her husband "left the White House dead broke net worth is now estimated to be over $ 100 million . " If you think about it , to get to those numbers , Clinton claimed she and her husband "left the White House dead broke made speeches , Clinton claimed she and her husband "left the White House dead broke got paid a fortune for the speeches , " Bannon said , referring to Clinton Clinton    net worth .   " And then you look at the countries   —    many countries and companies she Clinton the speeches for   —    and you get to see the way they the countries   treated in government . "    " A book was written two years ago about this , I mean it A book really an amazing book , where it A book traced the money   —    money was paid , and someone got a favor .   And I think we ’ll whip out that A book because that book A book very pertinent .   I ’m surprised it has n’t A book used by Sanders , actually , " Trump added , referring to the bestselling book Clinton Cash : The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich by Peter Schweizer . " That book was A book and unbelievably factual , " said Trump .   " Trump , she took money , Trump she did favors for Trump .   There money no question about it . " Turning to the migrant crisis in Europe , Trump pronounced the situation Trump horrible " and said " they should have built a safe zone . " " I think for Merkel to have allowed millions of people into Germany , and Germany is totally destabilized Germany   —    I do n’t believe it ’ll ever be the same .   Maybe in two hundred years , " he lamented .   Trump Germany , of all Germany , I can not believe they allowed this to they . " " You look at what ’s going on with migration   —    and we have a lot of the migrants .   I mean , we have migrants coming we here by the thousands , by the tens of thousands , and they ’re putting them migrants different parts migrants the country .   We know nothing about we people , where they come from , who they are , and they ’s a terrible situation . " " People are coming into this country , and the country no documentation we we have no idea we they are .   They People very well be People , " Trump warned .   " I mean , you look at those lines of migration , there ’s so many young , strong men on those lines , could be those lines of migration " Bannon asked ISIS Trump would say to the Trump from Charles Koch that the rhetoric on limiting Muslim immigration from Trump , and from Ted Trump , " reflects back to Nazi Germany . " " I do n’t say anything to him , " Trump replied Trump   " Trump ’ve always like the Kochs .   They ’re members of my clubs in Palm Beach .   They ’re nice people , and They ’ve always like them .   But what he nice people bears no relationship Trump what I do or say . " " I do n’t need his money .   I Trump got my own money , and I his money the few that can say that , " he continued .   " Trump guess these other guys , they ’re puppets , so if he says these other guys bad about Trump politician , that ’s not good .   But I do n’t need their money .   I like them as these other guys , but I disagree with these other guys a hundred percent on Trump of the things he said . " Trump Trump that Charles Koch " actually went so far as to say that he might back Hillary Clinton Trump " " I watched it , and he was a little shy he might back Hillary Clinton that , and the papers built it up a little bit more than the he might back Hillary Clinton have , " he added .   " Trump made some statements that Trump not very good for the Republican Party , and that ’s too bad .   But , again , you have a lot of people that need him , and I do Trump need him at all .   Trump of the reasons he would n’t like me Trump because I do n’t need him , and I wo Trump do what he tells me to do Trump because I could n’t care less . " " I ’m going to do what ’s right for the American people , " Trump declared .   " And he can have his puppets Trump   They Trump all over the place . " the American people Who knows how well he ’s doing ? " Trump mused of Charles Koch Trump fortunes .   " He ’s in the oil Trump .   People in the oil business right now are getting hurt the oil business he wo n’t even enter Trump fray .   But as people , I like him , but I disagree Trump what he says . " Breitbart Trump Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . LISTEN : 
 