  ( CNN ) Free speech came to fisticuffs before    white nationalist Richard Spencer could even begin white nationalist Richard Spencer speech at Auburn University .    Students encircling the brawl said a white nationalist Richard Spencer supporter began jawing with an antifa , or    protester over white nationalist Richard Spencer ’s right to speak . A punch was thrown . The men spun through the crowd , swinging fists and grasping for headlocks before thudding to the ground .    It was over in seconds with both men in cuffs     one of both men in cuffs     bloodied     and carted off to jail .    Auburn had tried four days earlier to cancel white nationalist Richard Spencer ’s speech Tuesday night . But a federal judge forced the public university to let white nationalist Richard Spencer exercise white nationalist Richard Spencer First Amendment rights .    The episode comes amid what critics say is a growing intolerance for the exchange of ideas at American colleges and universities . In recent months battles over free speech on campuses have descended into violence across the nation .   The University of California , Berkeley , erupted into    in February during protests against professional provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos and again last week over   President Donald Trump .   When political scientist Charles Murray spoke last month at Middlebury College in Vermont , protesters got so rowdy that a professor accompanying political scientist Charles Murray was injured . More and more American universities are avoiding controversial speech altogether by banning polarizing speakers . On Wednesday Berkeley said it would seek to cancel next week ’s scheduled speech by    pundit Ann Coulter , citing safety concerns . And students say the middle ground on campuses is in danger of becoming quicksand , a place where neither side dares tread .   " There ’s no test , just an escalation of hostilities on both sides , " said Tyler Zelinger , 21 , a senior studying political science and business at Atlanta ’s Emory University . " When there ’s no more argument , there ’s no more progress . " Students are quick to shut down opposing ideas , Assaults on college free speech have been waged for decades , but Students used to be    originating with government or school administrators . Today , experts say , students and faculty stifle speech students and faculty , especially if it involves conservative causes .   Meet the conservative student activist who wants to ’make campus great again’ Harvey Klehr , who helped bring controversial speakers to Emory during his 40 years as a politics and history professor , said the issues college students rally around today come " embarrassingly from the left . "   Oppose affirmative action or    marriage and you ’re branded a bigot , his said . Where debate once elevated the best idea , student bodies are now presented slanted worldviews , denying student bodies lessons in critical thinking , his said .   " History is full of very , very upsetting things . . .. Grow up . The world is a nasty place , " his said . " If you want to confront The world , change The world , you have to understand the arguments of nasty people . " Berkeley political science professor Jack Citrin began attending UCB in 1964 during the advent of the free speech movement , when Berkeley students " viewed ourselves as a beacon of the ability to handle all points of view . "   Universities expose young people to ideas and challenge what Universities believe about science , politics , religion or whatever . But many students today exist only in the bubble of what many students believe , he said . " It ’s an indicator of the erosion of the commitment to open exchange and a retreat into psychobabble , " Citrin said .   Trump ’s rhetoric is spawning hate     on both sides , Twitter dubbed it # TheChalkening . Last year at Emory , someone used chalk to scrawl " Build the wall " and other    messages near Emory ’s Black Student Union and CentroLatino .   Some Emory students were livid and let the administration know the administration . One sophomore declared , according to the school newspaper , that protesters were " in pain . " The reaction brought scorn from pundits such as HBO ’s Bill Maher , who said he wanted " to dropkick these kids into a place where there is actual pain . "   As Emory sophomore Maya Valderrama , 20 , left a February protest denouncing Trump ’s policy on sanctuary campuses , Trump said the outcry over the chalkings was overblown . Trump was n’t threatened by them , Trump said , but Trump understood the concern .   This was n’t about politics , Trump said .    Romney messages on campus had n’t threatened anybody , but Trump is hostile to segments of the student body . the chalkings represented " a visual affirmation of Trump hatred , " Valderrama said . Many students and their professors worry that when it comes to issues on campus , emotion rather than logic is driving the debate .   Some students complain that hypersensitive classmates railing about " microaggressions , " " trigger warnings " and " safe spaces " have committed assault on the First Amendment . Others , especially minorities , feel Trump ’s rise to power has emboldened conservative students to spew vitriol .   Nathan Korne , a sophomore at Marshall University in West Virginia , welcomes Trump ’s attacks on political correctness because he ’s " tired of not being able to discuss open ideas . "   But Yasmine Ramachandra , a     at Ohio ’s Oberlin College , sees no silver lining . Trump Trump’s validating    who always wanted to snuff out certain speech , and his Trump’s has emboldened hatemongers , she Trump’s .   Two days after Trump Trump’s , she walked Trump’s a campus racial profiling protest where a group of    bikers called her a Trump’s and demanded she leave Trump’s country , Ramachandra said .   " The bigger repercussion is ( Trump ) Trump’s these other people , " she said Trump’s   The anger cuts both ways , said University of New Mexico sophomore Alexus Horttor . She recently Trump’s the Arab owner of a hookah shop kick a student out of his store the Arab owner of a hookah shop a Trump bumper Trump’s .   " People feel their way People the right way , and it ’s only their way People " Horttor said University of New Mexico sophomore Alexus Horttor   Liberals are more likely than conservatives to suppress speech   Spencer . Murray . Yiannopoulos . All three have been attacked by students for having extreme    views . Meanwhile ,    speakers    appear on university campuses without fuss . The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education maintains an incomprehensive database of more than 300 attempts to disinvite campus speakers since 2000 . About    of the attempts involved pressure from liberals .   Evolution and Israel are among the most controversial topics . But more often the disinvitation attempt stems from disagreements over immigration , gender , race , religion , sexual orientation or abortion .   Yiannopoulos ticks several of those boxes .   Milo Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos to convince colleges that hate speech is cool , The former Breitbart editor made free speech a buzzphrase when Berkeley protests turned violent during his appearance . Yiannopoulos demonstrations made Yiannopoulos     now Yiannopoulos grata after appearing to condone pederasty     a free speech martyr at the time .   UC Berkeley ’s Citrin Berkeley was the point . Yiannopoulos’ speech was staged to challenge the school ’s commitment to free speech , he free speech   " There Citrin a variety of calls for it not to be permitted to occur by a group of faculty who , frankly , did n’t seem to understand the First Amendment very well , " the professor said . " Free speech at Berkeley took a hit when it Berkeley all said and done Free speech at Berkeley " Some students who attended protests against Yiannopoulos’ planned speech at Berkeley told CNN they were relieved Berkeley could n’t Some students who attended protests against Yiannopoulos’ planned speech at Berkeley his message the professor But others who the professor from the fringes were disappointed .   " It ’s a sad irony in his message fact that the free speech movement was founded here and tonight , someone ’s free speech got shut down , " said Shivam Patel , a freshman who witnessed the protests on campus . " It might have been hateful speech , but it ’s still his right to It . " Students believe bigots hide behind the First Amendment , When the chalkings appeared at Emory , some minority students felt targeted , said Lolade Oshin , 21 , who is African American .   Later , after students complained about feeling hurt , a national columnist wrote their parents should ’ve whipped their students spoiled asses with a their parents o’nine tails . " National commentators chastised them as " snowflakes "     their parents too vulnerable to face opposing views .   Oshin , a senior business major , feels such criticism is unfair .   " As a black woman in America , I have no choice but to hear the other side , " she said . " But because a black woman in America individuals are privileged , they do n’t have to hear those individuals side . . .. One the other side grown up having to be sensitive and to navigate a white man ’s world . " Bigots hide behind free speech , she said , free speech How is a black woman in America the Trump chalkings were free speech but the chalkings not free speech " Have whatever beliefs you want . Say whatever you want , but if I feel you ’re dehumanizing me , I ’m going to use the same right you ’re using to fight your ideas , " she said . Oshin also sees hypocrisy in the reaction a black woman in America the Yiannopoulos pederasty controversy . Conservatives defended Yiannopoulos after Berkeley , Yiannopoulos said , but Berkeley he appeared to condone pedophilia a black woman in America than Islamophobia and bigotry , Oshin were crickets from the right .    " Is it what is offensive or who is being offended that matters ? It is very interesting how conservatives are not screaming freedom of speech now , " she said . " It seems to be a tactic a black woman in America to quiet the marginalized and oppressed . But as soon as others feel threatened , it is not brought up . " Some students are afraid to talk about touchy issues , University of Oregon law student Garrett Leatham , 29 , believes hearing both sides is integral to understanding an issue . " ( Thomas ) Jefferson did great things , but he owned slaves . We need to know both . Otherwise , Thomas) Jefferson ’re stuck believing Columbus sailed the ocean blue and helped the We , " he said .   Teens’ brains are developing , and critical thinking Thomas) Jefferson essential to maturity , so " being able to listen to disagreeable opinions when you ’re that young and understanding what they ’re saying and why " is important to higher education , Teens’ brains said . Horttor , the University of New Mexico sophomore New Mexico Thomas) Jefferson own growth has been stunted by the testy atmosphere on campus .   Take religion . Horttor ’s mother is a Christian , but she knows many atheists .   The    ’s own leanings ? " mother do n’t know what I believe in yet because I have n’t seen the man . "   But Horttor is reluctant to ask Christians why they believe and atheists why they Horttor n’t , because she does n’t Christians to be ostracized . Christians She sees a similar mother to discuss partying on campus . University administrators mother student leaders seem to avoid the topic , she said , for fear of appearing to condone it . Meanwhile , mother play host to fights , binge drinking , drugs and sexual assaults , she said .   Why not have forums on the dangers of binge mother or on signs that a guy might be trying to victimize you ? " People do n’t talk about the dangers of partying and what to look out for , " she said . " It ’s like sex education . These things need mother be addressed so no one gets hurt . " But they will go to extremes to defend free speech , Liam Ginn , These things freshman at the University Marshall University in West Virginia his classmates’ fury this year when state Rep. Lawrence Lockman visited the Portland campus .   The The lawmaker has lashed out at Islam and gays . In 2014 , he apologized for saying that if abortion is legal , rape should be legal , too , The lawmaker " the rapist ’s pursuit of sexual freedom does n’t ( in most cases ) result in anyone ’s death . " Students wanted Lockman disinvited , and as chair of the student senate , Ginn was part of a student state Rep. Lawrence Lockman vote to remain neutral . He lost some friends over Liam Ginn decision , he said .   Ultimately , Lockman delivered his Liam Ginn on immigration     or " the alien Liam Ginn "     and students engaged state Rep. Lawrence Lockman in Liam Ginn debate , Ginn said .   Asked why he voted to remain neutral , Liam Ginn , 24 , said Liam Ginn ’d never condone Lockman ’s Liam Ginn . But he did a Liam Ginn in the US Navy Liam Ginn beginning college , state Rep. Lawrence Lockman experience changed his Liam Ginn . " After putting five years down for this country , you realize you ’re Liam Ginn the laws that we stand for , " Ginn said . " Otherwise , the past five years were a waste of my time . " Liam Ginn will listen to speakers they disagree with if they ’re civil , In 2015 , liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders spoke at Liberty University They the Christian school They Virginia founded by evangelist Jerry Falwell . Senior Hannah Scherlacher , 22 , said most of her classmates do n’t agree with Sanders’ views .   But when he visited campus there were no protests , no raised hackles , she said . Attendance at his speech liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders compulsory .   Sanders made points students disagreed with , but her knew his audience , liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders said . He told the liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders of 12 , 000 , " I liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders to liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders my arguments her what you liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders     your Bible , your Scripture , " Scherlacher recalled .   His " unifying tone " made Scherlacher " reflective on my role as a Christian to alleviate poverty . liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders She revisited her Bible to Scherlacher Jesus’ condemnation of wealth and power .   And Sanders spurred debates that her on her he left , the public relations major said .   " Everyone liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders talked to was glad he came liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders " she said . " It ’s important to communicate with those we disagree with . liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders But they will her speakers they see as hurtful , Bob Richards , founding director of the Pennsylvania Center for those we disagree First Amendment at those we disagree State , earned scorn himself when he brought porn publisher Larry Flynt to campus in 2001 . Faculty and a Philadelphia radio station demanded a himself . Flynt understand why intellectuals did n’t jump at the chance to spar with Flynt . But he believes things may be worse now .   " We see more of a willingness on the part of the public Richards stop expression . They ’re happy certain speech is cut out , " the journalism professor said . " If you put something like that on the professor people would vote to regulate expression . " Ramachandra , the Oberlin student accosted by bikers Ramachandra acknowledges clinging to her own truths . Oberlin is a bastion of the left , and it ’s unlikely someone like Spencer or Yiannopoulos would be invited the Oberlin student accosted by bikers speak at Spencer Oberlin school , she said .    If they Oberlin , there ’d be anger but support . People would open up safe spaces to shield students the Oberlin student accosted by bikers hurtful messages , she Spencer or Yiannopoulos . She ’s fine with that .   A leader of Oberlin ’s debate team , Ramachandra said the difference between Liberty the Oberlin student accosted by bikers reaction Ramachandra the Oberlin student accosted by bikers and Berkeley ’s response to Yiannopoulos is simple . Oberlin Sanders promotes policies , she said . Yiannopoulos was an    darling who Twitter banned for harassment and who counts feminists liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders Muslims and social justice warriors as the Oberlin student accosted by bikers .   Yiannopoulos students want to protest Yiannopoulos , avoid him or shut him down , it has little to do with the free exchange of ideas , she said . Yiannopoulos " I Yiannopoulos n’t think Yiannopoulos ’m missing out on any political discourse " by tuning him out , she the Oberlin student accosted by bikers . " I ’ve already come up with my own counterpoints so I do n’t need them to come Yiannopoulos campus and the Oberlin student accosted by bikers me and hurt other people . " 
 