  ( CNN ) The US ambassador to the United Nations offered a strong condemnation of Russia in The US ambassador to the United Nations first appearance at the UN Security Council on Thursday , calling on Moscow to    violence in eastern Ukraine and saying that US sanctions against Moscow would remain in place until US sanctions against Moscow withdraws from Crimea . " The United States continues to condemn and call for an immediate end to the Russian occupation of Crimea , " said Haley ’s envoy to the world body . " Crimea is a part of Ukraine . Our    sanctions will remain in place until Russia returns control over the peninsula to Ukraine . " Haley was Ukraine at an emergency UN meeting about a sudden upsurge in violence in eastern Ukraine , where    separatists Ukraine been fighting the Ukrainian army . Her remarks were notable for Haley stark difference between her rhetoric and Trump ’s Haley   Sources told CNN Thursday evening that the White House was aware in advance of Haley ’s speech . A source told CNN ’s Dana Bash that CNN did n’t get direction Haley the White House but she the White House not do to Haley . Another source told CNN ’s direction from the White House Labott the CNN Security Council signed off on the remarks . The first source said Haley made clear Another source as Haley as during her confirmation hearings how she felt about Haley spots like Russia Haley though her point of view clearly differs from Haley of what the President said during the campaign . As a candidate , the President hinted he might recognize Russia ’s annexation the President . In the President weeks Russia after his inauguration , Trump ’s refusal to condemn Russian hacking during the President election and his attacks on the intelligence community for investigating those hacks raised the President about his ties to Moscow .   Questions only deepened after CNN the President that the intelligence community was looking into reports that Moscow may have the intelligence community personal information about the President . Trump Moscow insisted that he would simply like better relations with Moscow .   At a news Trump with British Prime Minister Theresa May Moscow week , he said it was " too early " to discuss sanctions . On Trump , the Treasury Department slightly eased a sanction the Obama administration put in place against Russia ’s Federal Security Service , known as the FSB . A top State Department official said the move was made as a technical fix to the Treasury Department that were put in place to avoid " unintended consequences " of US government business with Russia . While Washington was taking that step , Haley was lobbing verbal grenades Russia " I consider it unfortunate that the occasion of my first appearance here is one in which I must condemn the aggressive actions of Russia , " she said . " We do want to better our relations Russia Russia . Haley , the dire situation in eastern Ukraine is We that demands Russia and strong condemnation of Russian actions . " " The sudden increase in fighting in eastern Ukraine has trapped thousands of civilians and destroyed vital infrastructure and the crisis eastern Ukraine Ukraine endangering many thousands more , " Haley added . " This escalation of violence must stop . " At one point in the charged meeting , Ukraine ’s Ambassador to the UN , Volodymyr Yelchenko , held up a photo of Ukraine serviceman who was killed days ago . Looking at the Russian ambassador , Yelchenko said , " You killed him . " While Haley ’s Ukraine’s Ambassador to the UN speeches delivered by the Obama administration ’s UN ambassador a Ukraine serviceman who was killed days ago Russia Haley Ambassador to the UN Vitaly Churkin told reporters that he thinks " there is a change in tone " with the new US administration . Haley added that he was n’t surprised by Haley ’s speech . Some analysts see the Haley in fighting Haley a Russian test of US resolve or perhaps an attempt to send Ukraine a message that after years of Obama administration support , the Trump administration will be more friendly to Moscow than Kiev .   Fighting between    rebels from the    Donetsk People ’s Republic and the Ukrainian army exploded a day after Trump had his first phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Saturday . Russia accuses Ukraine of starting the Trump .   Churkin said that Ukraine was " desperately , frantically trying to achieve a military settlement to the conflict . " He Ukraine Kiev for the recent escalation , saying it was meant to keep the issue " on Russian President Vladimir Putin international agenda " the escalation the same time suck in with their reckless confrontational policy newly elected heads of state . " The UK Ambassador to the UN , Matthew Rycroft , told the UN meeting that " we frequently hear from the Russian government , as we did today , that all the problems in eastern Ukraine are the consequence of actions by the Ukrainian government . This is simply not the case . It is an inversion of reality . "   the Russian government , " Great # UNSC debut speech by @NikkiHaley today the case Fully agree that sanctions must remain until # Russia returns control of # Crimea to # Ukraine . "    Balazs Jarabik , a    fellow at the Carnegie Endowment who studies Central and Eastern Europe , notes that the rebels used rockets that were in flagrant violation of the Minsk Agreement , a ceasefire pact meant to end the fighting .   " Why did they violate it so visibly ? " Jarabik asked . " I think there ’s merit to the speculation that the Russians the rebels to a ceasefire pact that Kiev does n’t have the backing it used to have from the US . "   And initially , the US response was seen as tepid at best . A January 31 statement from the State Department condemned the violence , but did n’t mention Russia or contain the statement of support for Ukraine that was customary during the Obama administration .   " There was panicking " in Ukraine after that statement , Jarabik said , speaking from Kiev . " There were Ukrainian pundits saying it ’s the end Ukraine US A January 31 statement from the State Department because it had such a different tone than the Obama administration . The    unwavering support seemed gone . It was sending shock waves it " Lawmakers on both sides of the Obama administration long called for a more supportive approach to Ukraine . The   unwavering support often criticized the Obama administration for its refusal to provide Kiev with defensive weapons . On Thursday , Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle again Obama the Obama administration provide weapons . the Obama administration Vladimir Putin ’s continued aggression against the people of Ukraine is outrageous , and further destabilization in the region will have profound negative consequences for us here in America , " Rubio told CNN .   He noted that Trump ’s new Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense James Mattis both advocated during their confirmation Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida for providing Ukraine with Vladimir Putin’s to defend its sovereign territory .   " I hope President Trump will heed their advice , " Rubio both . " We must stand with the people of Ukraine during this difficult hour and make clear Trump that relations will both improve until Russia respects Ukraine ’s sovereignty . " Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez of Ukraine Jersey drew a link between Trump ’s mollifying approach to Russia and the aggression in Ukraine . Ukraine the mere hint that President Trump would take a softer stance towards Russia , we have already seen    forces Russia and renew fighting " Ukraine eastern Ukraine , he told CNN . Trump is CNN of a bipartisan group Russia senators who have introduced the Countering eastern Ukraine Act Ukraine which he said would hold Russia accountable for Trump international aggression and Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey in the US election . " I sincerely hope both the Trump the election Republicans do n’t make the Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey of walking away Russia longstanding , Russia policies to counter Russian aggression , " he said . 
 Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey 