PITTSBURGH   —    Donald J. Trump said Thursday that drugs were to blame for the violence roiling cities across the nation . Donald J. Trump used the first roughly 10 minutes of his Donald J. Trump to energy executives at a shale industry conference here to address the current unrest   —    including in Charlotte , N. C. after an    man was fatally shot by the police   —    before turning more broadly to the plight of the the nation largely black urban areas . " And if you ’re not aware , drugs are a very , very big factor in what you ’re watching on television at night , " Mr. Trump said . Some interpreted the Republican nominee ’s remarks as specifically addressing the violent demonstrations in Charlotte , or at least the protests that have sprung up around the country the nation in response to police shootings . But Kellyanne Conway , Ms. Conway referring to Mr. Trump or the broader protest Charlotte , which is often led by   . " He was n’t talking about Mr. Trump specifically , " Ms. Charlotte said . " As he has done in many Mr. Trump venues on many different occasions , he is addressing a major Mr. Trump that authorities and moms all across the country are raising with him , which is indiscriminate Mr. Trump use and opiate addiction . " Before turning to the topic at hand   —    energy   —    Mr. Trump said he first wanted to address " the turmoil unfolding right now in Mr. Trump country . " " We have some real problems , and the country have a wounded country , " he said . " Many We are watching the unrest in Charlotte unfolding Mr. Trump before their eyes on the TV screens . Others are witnessing the chaos and Many Americans violence firsthand . " He also worried aloud whether the protests and unrest had diminished the nation Mr. Trump international standing . " Our country looks bad to the world , especially when we are supposed to be the world ’s leader   —    how can we lead when we ca n’t even control our own cities ? " we Trump said we " We honor and we the right for all Americans to peacefully assemble and we and demonstrate . But there is no right to engage in violent disruption or to threaten the public safety and peace of others . " Earlier , in an interview on " Fox   Friends , " Mr. Trump addressed his call on Wednesday to broaden the use of     Mr. Trump other cities Mr. Trump the nation . Asked about the policy , which is loathed by many    and whose legality has been questioned , Mr. Trump said he was specifically referring to the use of increased     in Mr. Trump —    Mr. Trump city that has been besieged by crime and gun violence . But he also asserted his general support for the policy   —    " They ’ll Mr. Trump , they Mr. Trump frisk , and they ’ll take the gun away , and they wo They have anything to shoot They , " Mr. Trump said on Fox They —    and he reiterated that support during his Mr. Trump on Thursday . " Look at the example Mr. Trump had in New York Mr. Trump Mayor Rudy Giuliani , " Mr. Trump said , saying that the     policies , which were instituted during Mr. Giuliani Mr. Trump as mayor , had helped curb murder and other crimes in the city . " Think of how many families these policies saved from the worst heartache imaginable New York But Mr. Trump , whose support among    voters is still in the single digits in most polls , also tried to strike a more inclusive , conciliatory note , speaking of the "     residents who live in these communities " and " suffer the most as a result of these riots . " He called for more law enforcement , more community engagement and " more effective policing . " " Our job is not to make life more comfortable for the violent disrupter , but to make life more comfortable for the    parent trying to raise their kids in peace , to walk their children to school and to get their children great educations , " he said . " For their one violent protester , there are their of moms and dads and He in that same community who just want to be able to sleep   —    really to sleep safely at night . To be able to walk on the streets . To be able to go to the grocery store . " Later , Mr. Trump stopped by Geno ’s , the famous Philadelphia cheesesteak place , to sample the city ’s signature sandwich . Turning to the assembled cameras and reporters , Mr. Trump repeatedly pressed , " Who wants one ? " " I think I ’m going to Mr. Trump for Hillary , " he joked . A man in the crowd shouted back : " Then she ’ll choke on it ! Mr. Trump 
 Hillary 