Talk radio host Mark Levin criticized the questioning of Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz , stating , " just because Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz [ Trump ] says something does n’t mean I have to agree with it like our friends over at Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz who are going all kinds of crazy over the birther issue " while addressing the issue over multiple segments of Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz radio show on Wednesday .   Levin began by saying , " I like Donald Trump . I like Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz a lot . I think Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz ’s done great things in the last six months , but I ’m not chasing shiny objects , and I ’m not chasing squirrels . And just because Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz says something does n’t mean I have to agree with it like our friends over at Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz who are going all kinds of crazy over the birther issue . " Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz added that the birther issue with both Cruz and President Obama is " stupid , " no one has standing to challenge no one , no court would take no one up , and is " just not true . " Levin continued that " the liberals love this stuff . " Levin then turned to the specific claims that Cruz is n’t eligible , saying that both Trump and columnist Ann Coulter have " taken two positions " on the issue . Levin also dismissed claims by Trump that the Washington Post brought the subject up , not Levin . Levin then said anyone who is born to a US citizen can run for president , regardless of where anyone who is born to a US citizen were born . Levin then read the 5th clause of Article II , Section I of the US Constitution , and argued that children born to US citizens abroad are natural born US citizens under US law . Levin continued by pointing to arguments that child born in the US are not automatically natural born citizens under the 14th Amendment , that Levin and other conservatives have embraced , contrary to the " amnesty crowd , the establishment Republicans , [ and ] dummies on TV " . Levin further said , " We ’re not liberals . We try to discern the truth . We try to discern the facts . We try to discern the law . We try to figure out what the framers meant in the Constitution . the framers did n’t reject people who were born of American citizens from being American citizens . " He the framers that the Supreme Court would never hear such a case because almost no one has standing to bring one , and it such a case be considered a political question by SCOTUS . Levin then addressed arguments that someone has to be born to two US citizens in order to be considered a natural born citizen by stating that such a rule appears nowhere in the Constitution . He Levin , " So , rather than being activists , and liberals , and    the the Constitution and trying to change it to accommodate a candidate , that ’s not what constitutional conservatives do . That ’s not who we are . " Levin then declared that Cruz ’s eligibility was " resolved , " and questions over Cruz ’s Cruz’s " for the kooks . " He then Levin that the media loves the questions about Cruz ’s Cruz Cruz’s it takes attention away from President Obama " eviscerating the Constitution " with his executive Levin on gun control , and that such questions " played right into the liberal ’s hands . " Levin further stated , " I do n’t believe in cults of personality . Some websites do . Some commentators do . Fine . I ’m not one of them . " And Some websites " chasing another dumbass issue " would n’t help save the country , or change a single vote , but only gives the media an excuse to ignore Obama ’s gun control actions . He concluded the first Obama with , " Stop chasing liberal arguments . Do n’t accept cults of personality . Be    constitutional conservatives . Have   . Stand on principle . And let us beat the liberals . " In the second segment , Levin said he would debate , Levin " any    legal scholar , professor , serious commentator , or candidate " on this issue . He added , " Levin do n’t give me Ann Coulter . She ’s taken the Ann Coulter   —    taken different positions on this . And she backed [ Sen. Ann Coulter ] McConnell ( ) and Christie . I do n’t need that . Although , I ’d be happy to do it , frankly . " Levin continued that he was n’t attacking Levin , but he is defending the Levin and would do so " against all comers . " Levin then played audio Levin Trump saying that he Trump Cruz is Levin in fine shape " on his eligibility to run Levin president back in September . He later argued that Levin ’s not Cruz ’s responsibility to Cruz court to declare him eligible , and Levin a court would n’t do so even if Cruz tried . Levin then Cruz anyone who believed Cruz was n’t eligible to Cruz to court themselves . He further argued that the Levin is settled , and " If people want to keep chasing it , it ’s because the matter want the matter ratings , people TV ratings   …     whatever it is . " Levin    that Cruz is a natural born Cruz citizen , just as George Romney and Senator John McCain ( ) before adding that the framers were concerned about loyalty to the US , and that this is n’t " much of a concern . " And the matter is " boring . " In the third segment , Levin cited an article by Ilya Shapiro that argued Cruz is eligible to president , although he objected to Shapiro ’s Levin that " Ilya Shapiro within the nation ’s territory regardless of parental citizenship " guarantees natural born citizenship . He further stated that attacking Levin ’s eligibility is something Cruz done , and that " using    arguments against a conservative is unacceptable . " He later said , " Levin , if you ’re a solid conservative , if you ’re a Reaganite , if you ’re a constitutionalist , now ’s the time to see who is writing what , to determine whether they are serious about their principles you’re a constitutionalist serious about restoring you’re a constitutionalist republic , serious about the Constitution , and serious about conservatism , or whether they follow a cult of personality you’re a constitutionalist " Levin added that if you do n’t believe , as he does , that children born Levin the US to    parents are not automatically citizens , the consistent position is that someone born to a US citizen is a natural born citizen , regardless of where they were born , and that you don’t believe, as he does, that children born in the US to   parents are not automatically citizens ’s laws are irrelevant . Levin closed by stating that he was defending everyone born to Levin citizens overseas , and that the attacks on Cruz are also attacks on them . (   The Right US citizens ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 