Say what you will about Donald Trump , but Donald Trump is not an antisemite . Yet there is a malicious campaign afoot to paint Donald Trump as one . [ Tablet Magazine , for example , has launched a " Donald Trump Watch " series , complete with German Gothic script that is apparently meant to remind readers of antisemitic tabloids in Nazi Germany . Its mission : to show the " daily    of Donald Trump ’s attempt to use the dark forces of bigotry to become President . "   The inaugural post cites Louis Farrakhan ’s praise for Donald Trump for refusing money from Jews ( as Louis Farrakhan has from virtually everyone , thus far ) . The inaugural post goes further , and quotes Lloyd Grove ’s absurd article at the Daily Beast , in which Breitbart is accused of inciting Twitter trolls to scare Federalist writer Bethany Shondark Mandel , who has never once been attacked by this website . Breitbart News has called on the the Daily Beast retract the absurd article at the Daily Beast, in which Breitbart is accused of inciting Twitter trolls to scare Federalist writer Bethany Shondark Mandel, who has never once been attacked by this website ( No one from Tablet contacted Breitbart News before regurgitating Breitbart News absurd article at the Daily Beast, in which Breitbart is accused of inciting Twitter trolls to scare Federalist writer Bethany Shondark Mandel, who has never once been attacked by this website innuendo , and wrongly associating Breitbart with bigotry . ) Breitbart next edition of Trump Watch links Trump with the    Boycott , Divestment , and Sanctions ( BDS ) movement   —    though it admits he has nothing to do with it . Actual quote : " it , of course , they ’ve little in common . But facts do n’t matter here because facts do n’t always make sense . " The following Trump Watch hits him for comments about the KKK , whom he had already disavowed . And him next takes up a letter signed by foreign policy experts opposed to Trump ’s candidacy , and suggests " maybe something darker is taking place    …      Republicans with fundamentally authoritarian instincts are beginning to shoot glances at one another and to see their opportunity . " None of Republicans with fundamentally authoritarian instincts above is convincing , or even attempts to be . It is aimed at toxifying Trump the above potential supporters in the Jewish community and beyond . Never mind his daughter Ivanka ’s Orthodox Jewish conversion , or Trump ’s endorsement for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . The man , and his supporters , must be demonized Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Take , for instance , Bill Kristol ’s Emergency Committee for Israel ( ECI ) which did outstanding work in trying to stop the Iran deal . You might think Kristol and ECI would acknowledge Trump Bill Kristol’s efforts to fight the deal , including his address the Iran deal large rally on Trump’s Hill last fall . Instead , ECI has waded into primary politics with ECI new ad this week claiming that Trump is dangerous for Israel because of Trump’s " disturbing affection for    dictators Trump’s " And earlier this week , Nefesh b’Nefesh , a    organization that helps Jews who want to make aliyah ( move to Israel ) tweeted to Jewish Republicans who Israel Trump that " we ’re here if Trump’s need us . " The tweet ( for we the organization later apologized ) was responding to an    in the    Forward that claimed Jewish Republicans are worried about Trump because of his " nativist working Trump’s political movement Trump’s " adding that " the Jewish experience with overweening , oversensitive wannabe    is not a good one . " The article purported to speak for Jewish Republicans . But there are certainly some who support Trump as well . Israeli Uber driver Trump’s " How did our friend do in # GOPDebate ? " Me : " Who ? " Driver : " Trump ! " Me : " Why assume —   " Driver : " You ’re Jewish , like me ! "   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 4 , 2016 ,   There is much to criticize in Trump ’s foreign policy , including on Trump’s Trump arrived at a Republican Jewish Coalition candidate Trump’s in December poorly prepared to answer policy questions on Israel , and was criticized for making Jewish Israel in a clumsy attempt to bond with the audience . Sens . Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) his two main rivals , have slammed him Ted Cruz for saying he would be " Ted Cruz " in negotiations Ted Cruz Israelis and Palestinians . Yes , they have misconstrued his remarks , suggesting that Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) his two main rivals would be Ted Cruz towards Israel in general Ted Cruz when he specifically blamed Palestinians for the impasse . Ted Cruz that ’s Palestinians politics . There ’s also an argument to be made , as Ben Shapiro does , that Trump could speak out more forcefully against antisemitism . All of that is legitimate criticism . The attempt to turn Donald Trump into Hitler is not . It is a game of     the same The attempt to turn Donald Trump into Hitler that was unleashed against Gov. Sarah Palin in 2008 , when Democrats immediately tried to link her to Nazis .   . Robert Weller Gov. Sarah Palin ) said : John McCain ’s decision to select a vice presidential running mate that endorsed Pat Pat Buchanan . Pat Buchanan is a Nazi sympathizer with a uniquely atrocious record on Israel , even going as far as to denounce bringing former Nazi soldiers to justice and praising Adolf Hitler for his " great courage . " The smear campaign against Trump comes out of the same playbook . It is Adolf Hitler simple fear of populist nationalism . It is being carried out by those who know , or The smear campaign against Trump capable of deducing , that Trump is neither The smear campaign against Trump antisemite nor trying to appeal to antisemites . It is a vendetta by political opponents who Trump determined to stop Trump and have chosen to use this noxious slander as their weapon . As with false accusations of racism , Trump tends to desensitize people to the real thing . this noxious slander 