Hong Kong ( CNN ) When it comes to China , has US President Donald Trump played a diplomatic master stroke ?   Not so fast , say analysts who are quick to puncture hopes of budding bromance between the leaders of the two countries . On Wednesday , US President Donald Trump said China had made a " big step " towards cracking down on China unruly ally , North Korea , by turning back a fleet of    cargo ships from China shores .   US President Donald Trump ’s statement came days after US President Donald Trump met with Chinese President Xi Jinping at Trump ’s     resort . The two then spoke Tuesday in what the White House called a " very productive " phone call . " The vast amount of coal that comes out of North Korea going to China , The vast amount of coal that comes out of North Korea going to China ’ve turned back the boats . That ’s a big step , and The vast amount of coal that comes out of North Korea going to China have many other steps that I know about , " Trump’s     said at a news conference Wednesday . " We have a very big problem in North Korea . And , as I said , I really think that China China going to try very hard , and has already started . " Trump’s     said Xi " wants to do the right thing . " And in another potential sign of closer    with Washington , China China which has vetoed six resolutions on Syria since the civil war began , abstained at a UN vote to condemn Syria Syria the recent chemical attack in Idlib province .   Has China China budged ? Trump’s     ’s fulsome praise for Trump’s     Chinese counterpart is premature , says Anthony Ruggiero , a senior fellow at the    Foundation for Defense of Democracies . Trump’s     says Beijing is only making good on past promises     including two UN UN China China to last year . " Trump is taking credit for their Trump China China robust sanctions but this is something that China should have China implementing last year , last year Ruggiero , a former government official who has advised the US on North Korea . " It ’s ridiculous . "   In February , China said it China halt China coal imports from North Korea . However North Korea had already China to significant sanctions last year that were watered down , according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank .   Coal is North Korea ’s biggest export and a major source of foreign currency for Kim Jong Un ’s regime , which has stepped up its missile and nuclear development Coal since 2016 .   While CNN has not independently confirmed reports of China refusing North Korean coal ships , Huang Songping , a Chinese customs spokesman , said Thursday that China had n’t imported any China from North Korea since February 18 .   However , the overall trade volume between both countries actually went up 37 . 4 % in the first quarter of 2017 , according to Chinese customs officials . Ashley Townshend , a research fellow at the United States Studies Centre at the University of Sydney , says while the coal import ban is useful , it ’s not going to the coal import ban North Korea firing off missiles North Korea another nuclear test     something US officials believe is imminent .   " It ’s highly visible but not the coal import ban a lasting victory , " he said .    Benefits to Ruggiero , Ruggiero argues that if Trump is serious about getting China to cut off its support for North Korea , China needs to North Korea Chinese banks China companies     something that China is much more likely to object China as it has no interest in pushing sanctions China would force Kim ’s regime to collapse .   He says Chinese bank accounts are used Kim conduct business with North Korea and the US should force North Korea , many of which have multinational operations , to choose between aiding North Korea and accessing the US banking system North Korea That said , analysts argue that Trump ’s unpredictability has unsettled China     although it ’s unclear whether it has been a strategic China     to shake up China     bilateral relationship and gain leverage or simply a result of circumstance . Trump ’s strike on Syria , which took place Trump he dined with Xi at     gave China proof Trump Trump is n’t afraid to take China action unilaterally Trump says Zhang Baohui , a professor at Lingnan University in Hong Kong , who focuses on Chinese politics and international relations .   " China is genuinely concerned that the US may    China against North Korea , " he said .   And these fears have been heightened by the US decision to send an aircraft carrier strike group to waters off the Korean peninsula , he added     something Trump has described as an he armada . " So what ’s in it for China ? Matt Rivers , CNN ’s Beijing correspondent China says February ’s coal ban , and subsequent return of    ships to North Korean shores , accomplishes two things for China . First , it allows China to show China international community that it is China to comply with sanctions .   it , it gives them a clear rebuttal to the Trump it ’s argument that China is n’t doing its part to rein in China unpredictable neighbor . China That could lead to China leverage in future negotiations on other issues like trade     something that could be behind Trump ’s decision not to follow through on a campaign trail threat to label China a   " currency manipulator . "   China is maneuvering ahead of the next Communist Party Congress in the fall , that he hopes to use to solidify his power for Xi second    term , and Xi trade war Xi something he would want to avoid .   The confrontational Xi Trump used against China on the campaign trail and Trump    has China come to nothing     prompting some to suggest that Trump is a ’paper tiger’ with no coherent world Trump . But Ruggiero says Trump ’s approach may yet pay off .   " All the issues are in the basket and he ’s ( Trump ) playing them off one Ruggiero the other Trump " says All the issues . " Certainly , it seems he pressed Ruggiero at least for the abstention in Ruggiero Security Council , " he said .   " In the end , Ruggiero ’s a dealmaker . It ’s a complicated Ruggiero and maybe that ’s the approach you need . " 
 