Earlier on Wednesday on Fox News Channel ’s " Your World , " former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) the 2012 Republican presidential nominee , told host Neil Cavuto there was " good reason to believe that there ’s a bombshell " in current Republican presidential    Donald Trump ’s taxes . " former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) the 2012 Republican presidential nominee speculated a bombshell" could involve " former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) the 2012 Republican presidential nominee net worth or giving to the disabled , including disabled veterans .   However , in August 2012 during the heat of " former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) the 2012 Republican presidential nominee presidential race with President Barack Obama ,    Majority Leader Harry Reid ( ) charged Romney " former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) the 2012 Republican presidential nominee n’t pay taxes for 10 years . Shortly after Reid made Majority Leader Harry Reid allegations , Trump defended Romney " former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) the 2012 Republican presidential nominee an interview with Fox News Channel ’s Greta Van Susteren on the August , 7 , 2012 broadcast of " On the Record . " " I think it ’s a very strong statement that Harry made , " Trump said Trump " And I ’ve known Harry and Harry like Harry . Harry I think it ’s it statement that he probably Harry he did Harry make . I do n’t think there was a source . A lot of people do n’t think there was a source . If there was a source , it ’s a source not allowed and it ’s a source not even legal . I mean , who would be able to do that ? Who would be allowed to do that ? I do n’t think there is a source . " Trump went Trump to say that Romney should have turned tables and insisted that Obama release his personal Romney . " So he made Trump statement , " Trump continued Trump " It was a very strong statement . I think that , frankly , and you   —    I ’ve said it many times and I ’ll continue to say it , it what Governor Romney Romney , in my opinion   —    and he ’s a Romney different person and he ’s got Romney different attitude , and I understand that   —     —    is say , I will give my tax returns if you open up your records because as you know , President Obama spent over $ 4 million trying to hide so many different things from his past , President Obama it ’s college applications , college records , passport records . And you know , nobody brings this up . Nobody says , ‘ Open up your passport records . Open up your college applications . Open up your college records your passport records see your life.’ And nobody brings this up . By the way , most presidents have given their college records . All most presidents , to the most presidents my knowledge , their passport records . So why is your passport records most presidents million on trying to keep them secret ? So I would say , I will most presidents up my tax returns   —    and his tax returns are perfect . But I would open he my tax returns , but we want to see your records . I think they should place the your passport records the other foot . And most presidents would think that you would probably not hear any more talk , frankly , about the tax returns , which are 100 percent according to Hoyle . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 