TEL AVIV   —    President Obama " seems more in support of Muslims than Israel , " Donald Trump stated in the wake of the Orlando terrorist massacre . [ Donald Trump made the comments in a statement to Bloomberg News to clarify what Donald Trump meant when Donald Trump told Fox News on Monday that when it comes to President Obama ’s grasp of Islamic terrorism , " He Donald Trump n’t get it or he Donald Trump it it than anybody understands   —    it it one or the other , and either one is unacceptable . "   He Donald Trump told Fox Fox News Look , we ’re led by a man that either is not tough , not smart , or he Donald Trump got something else in mind . And the something else in mind   —    you know , people ca n’t believe it . People can not , they can People believe that President Obama is acting the way he acts President Obama ca n’t even mention the words " radical Islamic terrorism . " There ’s something going on . It ’s inconceivable . There ’s something going something going on Washington Post claimed that Trump ’s statements about Obama getting President Obama terrorism " better than anybody understands " seems to be an accusation that , as the newspaper put it , Obama is the newspaper identifying with radicalized Muslims who have carried out terrorist attacks in the United States and    …      complicit in the mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando over the weekend . " In response , Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks sent a statement to Bloomberg saying that the billionaire meant " President Obama President Obama in support of Muslims than Israel . " The statement continued : For a statement to Bloomberg saying that the billionaire meant "President Obama seems more in support of Muslims than Israel Iran deal , which was one of the worst deals in history , gave $ 150 billion dollars to a radical regime , which will allow them to fund terrorist activities as example the Iran deal, which was one of the worst deals in history as pursue their stated goal of " full example the Iran deal, which was one of the worst deals in history and destruction " of Israel . It is great for Israel and bad for Israel and Iran United States . Israel Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times Aaron Klein author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow Aaron Klein on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein 