’   ’ ’    I would like to express my gratitude to Jared Kushner for    reviving interest in my 2006 book , " " I    have never met or spoken with Jared Kushner , and    ’s rare in this life to    find such a selfless benefactor . Of course , I doubt Jared Kushner became    Donald Trump ’s     and   merely to boost my    lagging sales , but still , I ’m thankful . ’ ’    my 2006 book exposed a grubby secret of American higher education :    that the rich buy       children ’s way into elite    universities with massive ,    donations . It my 2006 book    that New Jersey real estate developer Charles Kushner had pledged    $ 2 . 5 million to Harvard University in 1998 , not long before his New Jersey real estate developer Charles Kushner son Jared was admitted to the prestigious Ivy League school . At    the time , Harvard Harvard University about one of every nine applicants .    ( Nowadays , it only takes one out of twenty . ) ’ ’    I also quoted administrators at Jared ’s high school , who    described him Jared a less than stellar student and expressed dismay    at Harvard Harvard University . ’ ’    " There was no way anybody in the administrative office of the    school thought he would Jared the merits get into Harvard , Harvard University a former    official at The Frisch School in Paramus , New Jersey , told me .    " His GPA Jared not warrant it , His GPA SAT Jared did not warrant it . His GPA We    for sure , there was no way this was going to happen .    Then    lo and behold , Jared was accepted . It was a little bit    disappointing    there were at the time other kids we    We    really get in on the merits , and they did other kids we   thought . " ’ ’    Risa Heller , a spokeswoman for Kushner Companies , said in an    email Thursday that " the allegation " that Charles Kushner ’s gift    to Harvard was related to Jared ’s admission " is and always has    been false . " His parents Charles Kushner Charles and Seryl Kushner , " are    enormously generous and have donated over 100 million dollars to    universities    hospitals and other charitable causes . Jared    Kushner was Seryl Kushner excellent student in high school and graduated    from Harvard with honors . " ( About 90 percent of Jared ’s Jared       class at Harvard also Harvard with honors . ) ’ ’   ’ ’    My Kushner discoveries Seryl Kushner an offshoot of my research for a    chapter on Harvard donors Harvard Somebody had slipped me a document I    had long coveted : the membership list of Harvard ’s Harvard    University Resources . The university wooed   University Resources 400 of its    biggest givers   University Resources most promising prospects by putting them on    this its   biggest givers and most promising prospects and    to campus periodically to its   biggest givers and most promising prospects    wined , dined , and subjected to lectures by eminent professors . ’ ’    My idea was to figure out how many children of these corporate    titans , oil barons , money managers , lawyers ,      consultants and    heirs had gone to Harvard . A    disproportionate tally might suggest that the university eased    its standards for the offspring the university wealthy backers . ’ ’    I began working through the list , poring over " Who ’s Who in    America " and Harvard class reunion reports for Harvard    information . Charles and Seryl Kushner were both on the    committee Charles and Seryl Kushner I had never heard of them , but their joint Charles and Seryl Kushner    struck Charles and Seryl Kushner as a sign that Harvard ’s fundraising machine held Harvard    couple in especially fond regard . ’ ’    The clips showed that Charles Kushner ’s empire encompassed 25 , 000    New Jersey apartments , along with extensive office , industrial    and retail space and undeveloped land . Unlike most of his fellow    committee members , though , Kushner was not a Harvard Charles Kushner’s . He had    graduated from Charles Kushner’s York University . This eliminated the    sentimental tug of the alma mater as a reason for him to give to    Charles Kushner’s , leaving another likely explanation : his children . ’ ’ Charles Kushner’s Sure enough , his sons Jared and Joshua Charles Kushner’s both enrolled there . ’ his sons Jared and Joshua    Charles Kushner differed from his peers on the committee Charles Kushner    another way ; he had a criminal record Charles Kushner Five years after Jared    entered Harvard , Jared Kushner pleaded guilty in Charles Kushner    violations , illegal campaign donations , and retaliating against a    witness . ( As it happens , the prosecutor in the case was Chris    Christie ,   as the head of    Trump ’s transition team . ) Charles Kushner   who was cooperating with federal    authorities . Kushner then had a videotape of the tryst Charles Kushner  who was cooperating with federal   authorities to    his sister . He was sentenced to two Charles Kushner  who was cooperating with federal   authorities in federal Charles Kushner  who was cooperating with federal   authorities . ’ ’    I completed my analysis , which justified my hunch . Of the      tycoons on Harvard ’s list   —    which included people who    were childless or too young to have    offspring   —    more    than half had sent at least one child to the university . ’ ’   ’ ’    I also decided that the    relationship deserved    special attention . Although the university often heralded big    gifts in the university or a bulletin called   —    in a classic    example of fundraising wit , " Re : sources "   —    a search of these    outlets came up empty . Harvard did n’t seem eager to be publicly    associated with Charles Kushner . ’ ’       looking into Kushner ’s taxes , though , federal authorities    Charles Kushner records of his charitable giving . I learned that    in 1998    when Jared was attending The Frisch    and starting    to look at colleges , his father had pledged $ 2 . 5 million to    Harvard , to be paid in annual installments of $ 250 , 000 . Charles    Kushner also visited Neil Rudenstine , then Harvard president , Charles Kushner    discussed funding a scholarship program   Harvard    and      students . ’ ’    I phoned a Harvard official , with whom I was on friendly terms   Harvard    First I asked whether the gift played any role in Jared ’s    admission . " You know we do n’t comment on individual applicants , "    he said . When I pressed further , he hung    . We have n’t spoken    since    ’ ’    we Harvard , Jared    majored in government . Now the   Harvard is poised to become the power behind the presidency .    What he plans to do , and in what    he Jared Kushner his       will lead the country , are Jared Kushner more Jared Kushner than    his high school grades . ’ 
 Jared Kushner 