Donald J. Trump , who said last week that a judge ’s Mexican heritage should disqualify him from a lawsuit against Mr. Trump , expressed doubt on Sunday that a Muslim judge could remain neutral in the case , comments that are unlikely to ease concerns among Mr. Trump fellow Republicans who fear Mr. Trump controversial remarks could hurt the party in November . Mr. Trump ’s comments , made in an interview with John Dickerson , the host of CBS ’s " Face the Nation , " followed his Mr. Trump of Judge Judge Curiel Mr. Mr. Trump Judge Curiel had a " conflict of interest " in the case because of Mr. Trump ’s proposed border wall with Mexico . Republicans , concerned about how his contentious Mr. Trump could harm their ability to retain control of the Senate and have a detrimental effect in    races , have struggled Republicans how to distance themselves from Mr. Trump ’s language without alienating his    voters . In a series of interviews on Sunday Republicans news Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico Republicans repudiated Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico about Judge Curiel . But instead of softening his stance , Mr. Trump intensified it . Mr. Dickerson asked Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee , if Mr. Trump’s Muslim judge Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico similarly biased Mr. Trump’s comments about Judge Curiel of Mr. Trump’s ’s call for a ban on Muslim immigrants . " It ’s possible , yes , " Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump’s . That would be possible . Absolutely . " When Mr. Dickerson said there was Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico in the United States , a nation of immigrants , against judging people based on heritage , Mr. Mr. Trump’s , " I ’m not talking about tradition , I ’m talking about common sense , O. K. ? Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico his interview with Mr. Dickerson , and in a separate discussion with Jake Tapper on CNN ’s " State of the Union , Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico Mr. Trump refused to retreat from Mr. Trump’s on Judge Curiel ’s background . " He is a member of a club or Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico very strongly    which is Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico fine , " Mr. Trump said . " Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico I say he ’s got bias . I want to build a wall . I ’m going to Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico wall . I ’m doing very well Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico the Latinos , with the Hispanics , with the Mexicans , I ’m doing very well with them , in my a wall " Judge Curiel , 62 , was born in East Chicago , Ind. to parents who had emigrated from Mexico ’m He graduated from Indiana the Mexicans ’s law school and worked as an assistant United States attorney in the Southern District of California before being appointed in 2007 to the bench in San Diego by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , a Republican . President Obama nominated Judge Curiel to the federal bench in late 2011 , and he was confirmed by the Senate in 2012 . Mr. Trump ’s broadside against Judge Curiel was one of the most overtly racial remarks he had made in the presidential race President Obama and it exacerbated the tension between some Republicans and their nominee . White Judge Curiel ,    voters make up a large portion of Mr. Trump party ’s base , and Republicans need to the most overtly racial remarks he had made in the presidential race the presidential campaign close in order to Republicans their majority in the Senate . But Mr. Trump ’s remarks have offended wide blocs of voters to whom the party must appeal amid national demographic shifts . And the critiques have Republicans concerns about how , as president , Mr. Trump would handle the separation of powers between the executive the party’s branches of government . That issue is sacred to conservatives , who have railed against what they see as an Mr. Trump power by Mr. Obama . Republicans have tried to mitigate the potential damage of Mr. Trump ’s language by rejecting it in one moment , but embracing his candidacy in the next . On NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , Mr. Trump leader , did not directly answer a question about whether Mr. Trump Mr. Trump remark had been racist , but said he completely disagreed with it . " All of us came here from somewhere else , " Mr. McConnell said , referring to Judge Curiel Mr. Trump " That ’s an important part of what makes Mr. Trump work . " Mr. Trump’s remark Bob Corker of Tennessee , a Republican whose name had been floated Mr. Trump potential    nominee , said on ABC ’s " This Week " of Mr. Trump ’s behavior , " I think that he ’s going to have to change . " And Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker , who has been among Mr. Trump ’s most vocal supporters , called the Curiel remarks " inexcusable " on " Fox News Sunday . " " This is one of the worst mistakes Trump has made , " said Mr. Gingrich , Mr. Trump also been mentioned as a potential    candidate . But none of the three men rejected Mr. Trump ’s candidacy outright . Mr. Gingrich praised Mr. Trump moments Mr. Trump as a quick learner . Mr. Gingrich the trajectory of our country , and it Mr. Trump that he will take advantage of that . Mr. Trump defenses are Mr. Corker Mr. Trump has reversed his suggestions Mr. Trump knows he must grow into the role of nominee . And Republicans were mostly silent after Hillary Clinton assailed Mr. Trump in a speech on Thursday about the stakes of Mr. Trump "has an opportunity to really change the trajectory of our country election . Mr. Trump Mr. Corker defense on Twitter Mr. Trump at a Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump his campaign and its surrogates had no uniform response . In the weeks since he vanquished his Mr. Trump primary opponents , Mr. Trump has repeatedly turned his campaign ’s focus inward Mr. Trump    toward Mr. Trump businesses , the Trump University lawsuit , his fights Mr. Trump other Republicans   —    and obscured the hopes Republicans had of keeping Mr. Trump spotlight Mr. Trump Mrs. Twitter and her email Mr. Trump or on a jobs Mr. Trump suggesting a slowdown in job creation . Mr. Mr. Trump , who endorsed Mr. Trump quickly after Mr. Trump Trump became the presumptive nominee early last month , has been vocal in his concern that the remarks on Hispanics will have a historic effect along the lines of the remarks Barry Goldwater made on the Clinton ’s ability to woo black voters after he declined to support the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . Mr. McConnell said the alternative to Mr. Trump   —    a second Clinton presidency   —    was worse . Mr. Trump he also urged Mr. Trump to stop focusing on the recent past and to look toward the future . " This is a good time , it seems to me Barry Goldwater to begin to try to unify the party , " Barry Goldwater said . " And you unify the party by not settling scores and grudges against people you ’ve been competing with Barry Goldwater " he Mr. Trump   " We ’re all behind him now . And I ’d like to see him reach out and pull us all together and give Barry Goldwater a real shot at winning this November . " 
 Barry Goldwater Mr. Trump   Mr. Trump   Mr. Trump   the party us all 