Comedian Michael Ian Black ’s new Dr.    children ’s book that casts Donald Trump as a    " beast " is set to be published just before July ’s Republican National Convention . [ " If you were a child and you were to spot a Trump in the woods , what would you do ? " Comedian Michael Ian Black told the Daily Beast about the concept behind Comedian Michael Ian Black new book . " How would you identify it ? What are it characteristics ? How does it behave ? How do you keep yourself safe ? "   The     Wet Hot American Summer star ’s latest children ’s book   —    entitled A Child ’s First Book of Trump   —    uses playful rhymes to take shots at the GOP presidential frontrunner ’s hands and business ventures : " Its fur so complex , you might get enveloped . Its hands are , sadly , underdeveloped . Trump   and Trump Trump   , and Trump Trump   and steaks . Trump airplanes and clothing and several Trump Trump   . " " If he becomes president , my career is going to take off like a rocket , " Black said , adding that he he hoping Trump Trump   fortune turns out to be " good for book sales . " " I can do a whole series of these books . I can do one on the first hundred days , on the inevitable impeachment . There ’s all kinds of great things I can do . " " A Child ’s First Book of Trump " Trump   be released one week earlier !   : https :   .   1st page : pic . twitter .    —    Michael Ian Black ( @michaelianblack ) April 29 , 2016 ,   Black admitted that his new    children ’s book is , in fact , suited for an adult audience . But he added his parents could read the book his new   children’s book children . parents If the kids know nothing about Trump and politics , they would still the kids know nothing about Trump and politics it funny , " Here is some exclusive art from " A Child ’s First Book of Trump . " Trump yours today ! https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Michael Ian Black ( @michaelianblack ) April 27 , 2016 ,   Describing his outlook on the 2016 presidential race , Black , a Hillary Clinton supporter , said the notion of a Donald Trump presidency is an " unthinkable " and " alarming " possibility . " It is alarming to think about , at its core , It is the distillation of the Trump phenomenon , " he said . his Because even his supporters say his temperamentally , he has some his to do . On foreign policy , he has some his to do . On domestic policy , he has some his to do . " Trump " has no platform , principles or character . So what does he have ? his Black asked before answering his own question his " Two things . One , deporting millions of people and two , banning Muslims . If that is the essence of his message , his that is alarming for what it says about us as a nation . " A Child ’s First Book of Trump is due out July 5 .    have already begun on Amazon .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 