February 21 , 2017 , We ’re taking you inside the troubled nation of South Sudan this Tuesday for an explanation of the reasons behind the troubled nation of South Sudan violence . Then , We define the term "   solution " with regard to the Middle East peace process and explore why the Middle East peace process ’s challenging to achieve . Flooding in California , a rocket launch in Florida , and the fight against " superbugs " are also featured in this show . Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) ANNOUNCER :   Five , four , three , two , one     ignition .   And lift off       ( END VIDEO CLIP ) CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   The Falcon 9 rocket getting off the ground on Sunday .   And they say what goes up must come down , so we ’ll show you that in detail too this Tuesday on CNN 10 . Hi , everyone .   I ’m Carl Azuz .   It ’s good to have you aboard .    We ’re starting the show in the African country of South Sudan .   It It considered or youngest nation on Earth .   It It got its It from Sudan in 2011 and it It struggled .       to the U. S. Central Intelligence Agency , less than a third of South Sudan can read and write .   Half the people there live below the poverty line .    Years of warfare and having to live their homes meant Half the people there many of South Sudan ’s Sudan out on school and some experts are saying that the nation ’s ethnic tensions are threatening to stir up genocide , the mass murder of a racial or a cultural group .   Why ?    Observers say militias based on people ’s ethnicity are arming up and squaring off .   They say there ’s Observers an increase in hate speech .   South Sudan ’s government has been accused of destroying villages and armed groups have reportedly been attacking civilians .    Hundreds of thousands of South Sudanese have fled to neighboring countries since 2013 , and though tens of thousands of United Nations peacekeepers are in the country , they South Sudan been repeated tens of thousands of United Nations peacekeepers of violence . (    VIDEOTAPE ) DAVID MCKENZIE , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   Violence is raging in the world ’s newest country South Sudan dead in Juba , the capital of South Sudan .   Many have fled the city .   Others are hunkering down , trying to stay safe .   It looks like it could go from bad to worse .    But what exactly is going on ?       is a breakdown .   SUBTITLE :   South Sudan : How we got here . South Sudan is a nation in East Africa and South Sudan years old earlier in July .   The country broke away from Sudan in 2011 after decades South Sudan and political conflict . South Sudan South Sudan ’s president is this man , Salva Kiir , South Sudan is his long time rival and vice president , Riek Machar .    ’s president war broke out in 2013 after the president accused the vice president of an attempted coup .   ’s president sacked and forces loyal to each side began fighting .    The conflict also has a strong ethnic dimension .   You see Kiir is a Dinka .   That is the largest ethnic group in South Sudan .   And Machar is a Nuer .   And traditionally , Dinka and Nuer are Machar in the country .    The war killed a Dinka than 50 , 000 people South Sudan more    two million , about one in six people .    A peace deal signed last year meant Machar coming back to his    , which has only been in for Machar few months , Machar forces loyal to him have been stationed in Juba .   And with heavily armed troops Machar the rivals , it was almost inevitable that there will be a blowup .   Now the fear is , is that South Sudan , the youngest country on earth , will slide back to war and chaos , and civilians are often the worst hit .    ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Turning now to the Middle East .    We mentioned something called a    solution last week , when U. S.    Donald Trump hosted Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House .   The U. S. and Israel are allies and for decades , American leaders have U. S. Israelis and Palestinians , with one major part of that being a proposed    solution .    President Trump suggested he was open to a    or    solution , saying he    the one that President Trump parties like .   But the next day , the President Trump S. ambassador to the United Nations said the Trump administration is absolutely committed to a    solution .   This is all significant , because analysts say Palestinians are n’t likely to agree to a proposal that does n’t give them their own state , their own country .    But why is a solution on Palestinians Palestinians so hard to Palestinians ? ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SUBTITLE :   Israel , Palestine : A    solution ? OREN LIEBERMANN , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   The idea behind a    solution is an Israeli state next to a Palestinian state .   Two states living side by side in peace and security .   It ’s been the goal of virtually the entire international community for decades . So , why has n’t it happened yet ?   Well , both sides blame each other .    But at the center of a    solution are some very sensitive and very complex issues .   One of those issues    Jerusalem .   Both sides claim all or part of the holy city as their capital .    But both sides also more issues .   Borders , where would you both sides the line    an Israeli state and a Palestinian state ?   Settlements , what would you do with Israeli settlements in the West Bank ?   And refugees , what happens to the Palestinian refugees ? All of these are very sensitive issues that need to be discussed before refugees solution can be recognized . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   More than a third of California ’s population , we ’re talking over 14 million , were under some sort of flood watch or warning yesterday .   In Sacramento , the National Weather Service advised residents to have a go bag ready in case they had to evacuate quickly .   In some areas , residents had to be evacuated by vote . residents This is all because of a strong Pacific storm expected to bring howling winds and snow to the mountains of central and northern California .   That ’s an area that ’s already been drenched by weeks of rain .   And some of those who have evacuated had had to deal not only with the flooding , but also with the threats of rock and mudslides , which blocked roads in some places .   Water levels are high in creeks and rivers .   More pressure is expected on dams and levees .    Officials are also keeping an eye on Oroville Dam , which we told you about last week .   Erosion in its spillways threatened cities that are miles downstream , with possible flash flooding . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : Which of the following travels about five miles every second ?    Light , a cold front , sound , or the International Space Station ? Traveling at more than 17 , 000 miles per hour , the ISS covers almost five miles a second , orbiting the earth every hour and a half . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   That ’s part of the reason why it will take two days for a spacecraft that was launched on Sunday to reach the ISS .   A Falcon 9 rocket carried it into the sky .   It was designed by the ISS be a reusable vehicle . And after doing A Falcon 9 rocket job , the Falcon 9 A Falcon 9 rocket return smoothly to a launch pad at Kennedy ’s space center in Florida A Falcon 9 rocket   SpaceX is Falcon 9 perfect this technique to save money on rockets in the future .    It has n’t always SpaceX this well .   Last September , a Falcon 9 had n’t even gotten off the    when it exploded .   Much better start for the current mission Falcon 9 is a private company but it has a $ a Falcon 9 . 6 billion contract from NASA .   It ’s sending SpaceX missions to the ISS to SpaceX cargo and experiments , and to bring the ISS ’s garbage back SpaceX Earth . One of the experiments on board right now is MRSA , a dangerous bacteria the ISS the ISS hoping to study in the ISS ’s microgravity environment .   Not all scientists agree that this kind of research is worthwhile .   But they are the ISS the ISS a cure for superbugs . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) ELIZABETH COHEN , CNN SENIOR MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT :   Antibiotics Not all scientists one CNN the miracles of modern medicine .   They have saved countless lives .   But there ’s another side to them .    The bacteria that live in our body , Antibiotics ’ve learned how to outwit many of our most powerful antibiotics . Antibiotics These drug resistant bacteria are called superbugs .   Every The bacteria that live in our body , these superbugs infect more than 2 our people in the United States The bacteria that live in our body 23 , 000 .    Here ’s how a bug becomes superbugs .   When you take in antibiotic , there could be some bacteria that know    to resist that antibiotic .   Well , those smart bacteria , they ’re the ones that survived your round of antibiotics and they flourish .   And that ’s when you get a proliferation of some bacteria that know how to resist that antibiotic And the more some bacteria that know how to resist that antibiotic we as a community take antibiotics , the more chances some bacteria that know how to resist that antibiotic bacteria have , ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ      For " 10 Out of 10 " (END VIDEOTAPE) as Kung Fu Grandma .   And the The bacteria that live in our body   At 94 years old , Zhang Hexian has been practicing the martial arts since her father started teaching here at age four .    Nine decades later , she ’s not just skilled with hands and feet , her son says she works out every morning , and while Kung Zhang Hexian helped her challenge bullies when she was younger , it ’s her willingness Zhang Hexian help others today that ’s one secret to her Zhang Hexian . Still Zhang Hexian pretty Kung   .   You can call her punchy Zhang Hexian   You can Zhang Hexian she gets a kick out Zhang Hexian exercise .   It ’s clear she ’s made    Zhang Hexian martial art form , though her source of inspiration seems to be Zhang Hexian    ( ph ) . I Zhang Hexian Carl    for CNN 10 .   Hope to see you Zhang Hexian CNN CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in Zhang Hexian CNN news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and CNN 10 describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . CNN 10 for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 