John Quincy Adams , quintessential Boston Brahman and archenemy of a General and     Andrew Jackson , had a plan . [ Rumors circulated that Jackson was illiterate ( Adams had called him " a barbarian who could not write a sentence of grammar and hardly could spell him own name " ) and Adams amused Adams with the thought of giving Jackson an honorary Harvard degree , the speech for which was traditionally given in Latin . So Adams arranged to have the backwoods president invited and assumed the illiterate Jackson would decline .   Jackson accepted . On graduation day , the erudite Cambridge crowd swelled with Western Massachusetts farmers . Adams and the Harvard trustees sat in the front very assured that Jackson would make a total jackass out of Jackson . the backwoods president took the stage , removed a dollar bill from his the backwoods president , and read the words E pluribus Unum from the back . The the erudite Cambridge crowd wild with glee . Jackson went further : E pluribus Unum , my friends . Sine qua non . The speech was over , and Jackson had won . Again . Whether the story is totally true or not does n’t matter . Jackson was the first celebrity President since George Washington because Jackson knew how to best men like Adams . And Jackson knew Adams and Adams New England East Coast establishment thought Jackson ’d act like a jackass , and that ’s why Jackson made it the a jackass of the new party Jackson founded . What is less known is that Jackson the populist was also the champion of institutions and sound government . Populists seek a protector of the faith , and the cornerstone of that faith the faith American experiment . Thus , populists seek those who share identification with institutions and a commitment to defend those institutions . Jackson ’s populist vision was founded on a strong nation wherein the primacy of institutions was all the detailed policy Jackson constituents required of Jackson . The populism that Jackson tapped into would make Jackson the first president elected inland from the eastern seaboard , and , in the minds of Jackson constituents , his constituents president not elected by big cities and big plantations . For many , it heralded a fulfillment of the    republicanism on which they believed the country had itself been founded in the country colonial revolt against the country taxation without representation . The salient combination of    continental nationalism , and Lord Protector of institutions has been revived at times , most recently by Donald Trump . That he is wealthy is Donald Trump —   many populists , from Jackson to progressive James Weaver —   were wealthy . The key feature of these populists is that many populists, from Jackson to progressive James Weaver —   concerned with America many populists, from Jackson to progressive James Weaver —   not politics , which many cynical rural voters believe to be mutually exclusive . They are as populists , many cynical rural voters many ways ,   . This Jacksonian concern for America is a kind of America and it was widely viewed as This Jacksonian concern for America antidote to the sectionalism that had pervaded presidential elections up until then . Similarly , Trump ’s nationalism can be seen as a rebuke of Obama ’s tribalism , just as Jackson ’s election was a rebuke to Adams’ and later Calhoun ’s sectionalism . And Trump ’s popularity is an Trump’s many believe that the country is stronger and better off with a decisive , unapologetically nationalist President . Like Jackson , Trump is reflexively dismissive Jackson overly Trump’s policy positions , which to populists are but smoke signals to the tribe that dissipate into thin air once the candidate is elected . Bernie Sanders is currently the tribesman most obviously consumed with sending up signals to call the progressive tribe together . But it is the      Hillary and the ideologically zealous who are the most devious tribalists in this race . Populist nationalists wisely dismiss their smoke signals as political inventions Populist nationalists have no relationship to the reality of governing . These patriots see theirs as an establishment game not These patriots playing . For them the stakes are much higher These patriots   they are about America First . These patriots would be a mistake to project identity politics onto populists —   as farmers or rednecks or nativists or immigrant factory workers or , as we hear it said today , angry white Americans . Andrew Jackson ’s E pluribus Unum moment has become populist lore , but it summarizes his entire platform : Andrew Jackson’s E pluribus Unum moment strong Andrew Jackson’s E pluribus Unum moment unified , republican America —   which is a kind of country nationalism that Jefferson feared would be crushed by the disproportionate power of cities and their urban cabals . Donald Trump recently said he could shoot someone on Fifth Donald Trump and not lose voters . He could have claimed that he Donald Trump give a Harvard speech Donald Trump three words —   E pluribus Unum —   and he would gain voters . And Donald Trump Jackson , the establishment ( even in his own party ) would label Donald Trump a jackass , and Trump Donald Trump wear it as a Donald Trump of honor a jackass win another election . After E pluribus Unum , Andrew Jackson won 77 percent of the electoral votes in his bid for a second term Andrew Jackson 1832 . And in Jackson ’s farewell speech he delivered Andrew Jackson , impassioned warning Andrew Jackson the regular , everyday Americans —   " the planter , the farmer , the mechanic , and the laborer " —   that the establishment would use money and the media to undo his many accomplishments . Trump has animated Andrew Jackson nationalist spirit of Jackson from a glass and    Manhattan Andrew Jackson , his own national Tower , and like Trump good populist , he probably does n’t even know it Trump Or does he ? Nathan Allen is a graduate Trump Yale , an independent scholar and writer who lives in Connecticut . Theodore Roosevelt Malloch , teaches at Oxford University and his memoir is : DAVOS , ASPEN Theodore Roosevelt Malloch YALE : My Life Behind the Elite Curtain as a Global Sherpa , 2016 . 
 