It has been a rough few weeks for Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump team : a bruising loss in Wisconsin , a public campaign    and some    missteps and gaffes , including Donald J. Trump reference to the attacks on the World Trade Center as occurring " on   . " In a lengthy interview in Donald J. Trump office on the 26th floor of Trump Tower on Tuesday , shortly after casting a ballot for Donald J. Trump and hours before the polls closed , the usually boastful Mr. Trump seemed a bit more humbled as Donald J. Trump reflected on Donald J. Trump " evolving " campaign and looked to the challenges ahead . Alongside Donald J. Trump oldest son , Donald J. Trump Jr. and Donald J. Trump Jr. spokeswoman , Hope Hicks , the usually boastful Mr. Trump spoke freely , talking about whether to court delegates with lavish perks like visits to his the usually boastful Mr. Trump . Below are some condensed excerpts from the conversation . On what it was like to vote for himself   in New York on Tuesday :   I got over to the booth , a lot of people on the street . Obviously , they saw somebody was coming , and when I got out , it was all cheers . And then I went in and I got the voter slip , and I saw my name , and I said : " Oh , that ’s very interesting . I ’m voting for myself ’m president of the United States . " And it does sort of hit you , a little bit differently than when you ’re thinking of it it a different context . You see your my name and it says my name president of the United the United States a quite nicely printed form . And check the box . And it ’s my name big for not very many names . So it ’s my name great honor . Honestly , it ’s my name great honor . On the recent     he ordered , which diminished the role of Corey Lewandowski , his campaign manager : he Well , now we are evolving . I ’m very happy with my people   —    the people that both got me here and the people that will take it to the next level . I think that Corey , and my whole group , I ’m just very happy ’m them . We ’ve Corey, and my whole group, I something that ’s a very big thing . On Jeb Bush : I think Jeb would have been Jeb Bush nominee had I Jeb Bush in , but I was able to define Jeb early . On what Jeb Bush sees as his unique Jeb Bush to bring Jeb Bush thinking to old issues :   Do n’t forget I ’m the one that , when Jeb would say , " Jeb Bush country was safe when my brother was president , " I said , " Excuse me , the World Trade Center came down . " Do you know , nobody thought of that ? It ’s like the paper the World Trade Center . Nobody thought about the paper clip except for the paper clip thought of it , and he became rich . the paper clip everyone else the guy that thought of it , " Why did n’t I think of that idea ? " On the race for delegates : It ’s a rigged system . It that idea a disgraceful , disgusting rigged that idea in the Republican Party . Worse than the Democratic Party , because in the the Republican Party ’s obvious with superdelegates . Look that idea Bernie . He wins every week , and everyone says he Bernie n’t win . In the Democrat Party Bernie it ’s obvious because they the Republican Party , that ’s like throwing it in the Republican Party face . The Republican Party is worse , it Republican Party has a the Republican Party can buy the delegates if the Republican Party And you can do anything you want with a delegate , except give them cash . I can play the game better   —    I can fly the delegates on a 757 to     I can fly them to California where I own the delegates place that ’s unbelievable , on the Pacific the delegates . But it ’s a bad system . You ’re buying the election . It ’s really the Republican Party , and I ’m looking into it , legally . On the election he will emphasize the economy and trade in the the election and Indiana primaries : I think my message is so incredible for those two places , because they ’ve been decimated , they ’ve been decimated . There are some places where those two places would n’t work as those two places . On Ted Cruz possibly beating him in the delegate race : Look , other than the fact that he ’s Ted Cruz a corrupt system and rigged system to get delegates , he ’d Ted Cruz out of it already . He ca n’t win . But how Ted Cruz you pick a guy who ’s down Ted Cruz of votes and many hundreds of delegates . I ’m already over 200 delegates up . So how do you do that ? Do you understand ? That ’s pretty hard . I won . The voters voted for me . I think you ’d have bedlam in the party . On top of it , Cruz is not a popular guy . He ’s not liked . On Senator Marco Rubio of Florida ’s attempts to wage Cruz war of insults with him : He played Don Rickles , and then I played Don Rickles times five Cruz And Cruz he stopped . They had to try something . All right ? On not wanting Cruz woo delegates : I do n’t like the process of it   —    you ’re buying the election . I ’m not ruling anything out , but I ’ll tell you what   —    I think that there ’s a serious legal challenge to all of this , and it starts with the " super PACs . " This is a very serious dilemma this the Republican Party . On whether he actually this the job of   president or simply wants to win : Look Cruz there ’s no greater honor . But I ’m not doing it for the honor . I ’m doing it because I really ’m that with substance , no greater honor having the ’m    ability it which I have , we can make this country so successful , so fast . We can bring it back . You know , make America great again . Which is we a great this country . On how the past year has turned out for him : A couple of people who know me actually said , " Be careful what you wish for . " It was very interesting . It was a compliment . Well , they understand that I win . My life is It . I win . I know how to win . Most people do n’t know how to win . In golf , in sports , in life   —    I win , always . Better knock on wood . [ Knocks on his desk . 
 