"    Fox News anchor Shep Smith on Wednesday defended CNN after      Donald Trump belittled one of the    network ’s journalists at a press conference over    a controversial report . " ’    "       Donald Trump today told CNN’ ’s Jim Acosta that Jim Acosta    organization amounts to fake news , " Smith said .   ’ "    Smith referred to CNN ’s Tuesday report that top intelligence    officials presented     Donald Trump information that Russian    operatives claimed they Russian   operatives compromising    information about him ’ "    The information that Russian   operatives claimed they possessed compromising   information about him to Trump     Donald Trump    CNN , was based on a    dossier which BuzzFeed later    published in full on its website CNN " ’   ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tHere ’s what Shep had to say about   ’s criticism of the media    " ’    " Though we at FOX News can not confirm CNN’ ’s report , " Smith    continued , " it is our observation that we correspondents    FOX News journalistic standards and that neither they nor any its correspondents    other journalists should be subjected to belittling and    delegitimizing by the    of the United States . " ’ ’’ ’    For its part , CNN defended its we coverage its a statement on    Thursday , distancing itself from BuzzFeed its ’ ’    " CNN’ ’s decision to publish carefully sourced reporting about the    operations of our government is vastly different than BuzzFeed’ ’s    decision to publish unsubstantiated memos , " said a statement from    the network . " The Trump team knows this . They are using The Trump team BuzzFeed’ ’s decision to deflect from CNN’ ’s reporting , which has    been matched by the other major news organizations . " ’ ’    The statement continued a statement from   the network We made it clear that we were not    We any of the details of the    document because we    have not We the report’ ’s allegations , " the statement    continued a statement from   the network that members of the Trump transition team have    so vocally criticized our reporting    we encourage them We    identify We specifically members of the Trump transition team what    believe to be inaccurate . members of the Trump transition team ’ ’ shared with its employees , BuzzFeed defended       decision to release the memo BuzzFeed hesitation by other    media outlets to publish the unverified claims . ’ ’    " We stand with Ben on his decision to publish this newsworthy Ben document , which was reported on by multiple news outlets and seen    by    government officials including the president and    " cofounder and CEO Jonah Peretti wrote referring    to Ben Smith , BuzzFeed’ ’s editor in chief . ’ ’    " As a result of this decision , we were criticized by the incoming    administration , " Peretti continued . " We are CEO Jonah Peretti going to respond    to these divisive comments , which put us in great company by the We way   —    The New York Times , CNN , and The Washington Post have all    been attacked . So has Meryl Streep and the cast of Hamilton , but    we’’d never compare ourselves to people that talented . " ’ ’    " We are going to keep doing what we do best , which is We    impactful journalism , " the BuzzFeed cofounder concluded . ’ 
 