" America is weaker than it ’s ever been " in over fifty years , retired U. S. Air Force Colonel Rob Maness , a candidate for U. S. Senate in Louisiana , tells Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon . [ " For over fifty years , we ’ve been strong , we ’ve been leading in the world and we ’re now weaker than we ’ve ever been before , " Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon said , adding , " we ’re under attack around the world , including in we own country . "   Maness accused Obama of waging an illegal war in Syria and leaving America    in Afghanistan . " we ’re being challenged by the Russians in Europe . we ’re being challenged by the Chinese and the North Koreans , of all states , in the Pacific and we ’re spending more than any country in the world , several times over , on we national defense but they our national defense we as politically weak , lacking courage and not leading in the the world we allies ca n’t trust we and we enemies do n’t fear or respect we , " he concluded politically weak, lacking courage and not leading in the world Maness made a point of saying , " When Mr. Trump gets elected    …      he will Maness all sorts of clarity . I like the way he speaks Maness …    " calling critics like Bill Kristol " old school , " adding " they need to go and they need they stop whining and , quite frankly , they need they get on board with the Republican nominee . " Maness said he ’s Maness to back a number of republican nominees he may Maness have liked " for decades , " and it ’s time to get on board with Mr. Trump . I ’m going to vote for him , Maness Maness added Maness There ’s more on Maness available Maness his campaign Maness . Rob Maness Maness life long record of providing dedicated service to the Nation and ran as a Republican Candidate for the Louisiana United States Senate seat in 2014 . The third son of Master Sergeant Billy and Lennie Maness , he and his three brothers Maness up moving around the country and the world as their Dad served his three brothers the United States Air Force . Rob learned about Maness cultures , realizing how grateful he was for Maness an American and why our individual rights must be protected . Rob made the Maness as a 17 year old high school senior to enlist in the Air Force and serve in uniform as the country faced multiple crises around the world . Having worked his way up Maness the enlisted ranks to full colonel , he retired from Maness duty in 2011 , ending his military service Maness more than 32 years . Rob and Candy Maness back to Louisiana to continue raising their family , Rob and Candy he had spent Maness of his military career Maness He worked in Maness utility industry as a director for two years after his military retirement Maness is currently the Owner of Iron Liberty Consulting Group , residing in Madisonville , Louisiana . Rob Louisiana proven Maness competence at Maness local , state , and federal levels of government with his demonstrated leadership Maness effectiveness as a steward of our citizen ’s tax dollars . He has broad Maness in the national budget process , national emergency response    law enforcement , successful community relations with governments at all levels , and working with citizens to meet today ’s challenges . He has provided Maness , executive oversight to local schools in coordination with elected school boards , working to make them secure and local schools in coordination with elected school boards effective to meet the needs of America ’s military children . His leadership and Maness experiences give him a unique Maness when considering national action impacts on our country ’s families . Breitbart News Daily airs from 6 a. m. to 9 a. m. Eastern weekdays on SiriusXM Patriot 125 . 
 