Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Republicans are pouncing on a report that more than half of the private individuals with whom Hillary Clinton met as secretary of state donated to Hillary Clinton family ’s foundation . Hillary Clinton campaign , however , sharply pushed back , saying a report relied on " utterly flawed data . " The Associated Press reported Tuesday that a majority of the private citizens that Clinton met Hillary Clinton or talked with by phone had donated to the Clinton Foundation , according to State Department calendars obtained by the AP . Many individuals on the list of visitors are longtime Clinton friends Hillary Clinton allies . " It is now clear that the Clinton the Clinton Foundation most corrupt enterprise in political history , " Trump said in a statement , reiterating a claim he made earlier in Trump week . " We ’ve now learned that a majority of the    people she met with as Trump of state gave money to the corrupt Clinton Foundation the Clinton Foundation was wrong then , and it is wrong now     and the foundation must be shut down immediately the Clinton Foundation Trump kept up the attack while speaking at Trump rally in Austin , Texas , Tuesday night . " It is impossible to figure out where the Clinton Foundation ends and the State Department the Clinton Foundation he said , adding , " The specific crimes committed Trump carry out that enterprise are too numerous to cover in this speech . " Trump ’s running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , Trump Trump ’s call for a special prosecutor to investigate possible corruption . " The fact Hillary Clinton ’s official schedule was full of meetings with Clinton Foundation donors is further evidence of the     politics the Clinton Foundation State Department . No one is above the law , Hillary Clinton’s Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , Trump ’s running mate , said Indiana a statement . The Republican National Committee also cited the report to hit Clinton . " This is among the strongest and most unmistakable pieces of evidence of what we ’ve long suspected : at Hillary Clinton ’s State Department , access to the most sensitive her State Department diplomacy was for sale to the highest bidder , " RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement . A Clinton spokesman , however , said the AP ’s report relies on " utterly flawed Clinton " and "   a limited subset of Secretary ’s Clinton ’s schedule to give a distorted portrayal of how often she crossed paths with Clinton connected to charitable donations to the Clinton Foundation . " Clinton spokesman , Brian Fallon , also said the report does not account for more Fallon the State Department the AP’s report omits more than 1700 meetings she took Clinton world leaders , let alone countless others she took with other US Clinton officials , while serving as secretary of state . Clinton Fallon added : " Just taking the subset of meetings arbitrarily selected by the AP , it is outrageous to misrepresent Secretary Clinton ’s basis for meeting with these individuals . " State Department spokesman Mark Toner said a " wide range " of outside individuals and organizations contact the State Department through both formal and informal channels . " Individuals , including those who have donated to political campaigns ,    or foundations     including the Clinton Foundation     may contact or have meetings with officials in the administration , " Toner said . Clinton critics have not proven that Clinton or the State Department materially granted any favors to possible State Department spokesman Mark Toner , but the report and other emerging information Clinton reigniting the State Department the foundation . Trump ’s campaign and Republicans have sought to cast suspicion over Clinton ’s tenure as secretary of state and the Clinton Foundation     foreign donors’ contributions to the foundation created inevitable     questions . 
 the Clinton Foundation     Clinton 