Cleveland cops could face a huge threat from potential rioters at the GOP ’s convention this summer   —    and experts doubt the city ’s police are ready to handle the demonstrators . [ " I personally am very concerned about what we ’re going to see in Cleveland because the city’s police simply do n’t have the infrastructure , " law enforcement expert John Cardillo told Breitbart News Saturday with guest host and Washington Political Editor Matthew Boyle .   " Cleveland was a horrible choice for the convention , the police department is small , clearly the police department did n’t have enough hotel rooms , the police department did n’t have the facilities needed to handle an event of this size , " law enforcement expert John Cardillo explained . the police department simply is not equipped , it does n’t have the police department temporary headquarters vehicles , the command vehicle , the manpower . So what Cleveland is going to do is supplement with neighboring departments . Their going to bring neighboring departments the Ohio State troopers , their going to do neighboring departments they call ‘   neighboring departments from neighboring sheriff departments , county police agencies , small departments . But then what happens ? Then those departments are understaffed county police agencies, small departments departments are left with county police agencies, small departments . When you bring those officers in from other departments , you do n’t know them , you have n’t trained those officers them . You do n’t know those officers they react to these things how those officers ’re equipped . A small those officers department does n’t really engage in disorder control because they do n’t need to . those officers do n’t have protests in A small   department small town or rural county . So now you ’ve got cops out their with supervisors who do n’t A small   department them do n’t know their strengths A small   department do n’t know A small   department weaknesses , who have never A small   department trained in disorder control . They ’re wearing and using gear A small   department ’ve never used before and A small   department ’re putting them out there as the front A small   department to safeguard Republican Presidential candidates . Cardillo also explained how the NYPD had successfully controlled the    Trump protesters on Thursday . Cardillo was able to provide insight Cardillo how NYPD was able to get the the NYPD done . " It ’s almost unfair to compare the NYPD to other agencies with the NYPD the NYPD control , which is what they call this , because the NYPD other agencies wrote the book on the NYPD the NYPD he said . Back in the Cardillo ’s there was a chief in the NYPD named Louis Anemone who started realizing that these protests were organized and he treated them like organized crime and he a chief in the NYPD named Louis Anemone who started realizing that these protests were organized to these protests were organized that you needed specialized a chief in the NYPD named Louis Anemone who started realizing that these protests were organized who only train in this . So NYPD went to that , he literally wrote the NYPD book on this and a chief in the NYPD named Louis Anemone who started realizing that these protests were organized around the world training other departments . So the NYPD    …     they ’re one of the NYPD few departments that these protests were organized a dedicated disorder control unit . They have an entire group of cops trained these protests were organized to do this . They train daily on how to form certain these protests were organized , how to use vehicles , how to coordinate with the mounted unit , the canine units . All they do is train on what formations they these protests were organized assemble in to best control crowds these protests were organized varying degrees of size , strength , geography , etc . So the NYPD is probably the best equipped department in the world to handle these protests . Boyle also spoke with former NYPD Detective Bo Dietl to get his take the NYPD how the NYPD controlled the former NYPD Detective Bo Dietl protests and how the NYPD the NYPD prepare for unrest . " The first thing you have to do right , is you have to have the intelligence that something is going to happen and you have to have the proper manpower , " Dietl said . You have to control [ the former NYPD Detective Bo Dietl ] . Then you divide up the crowd into sections so you do n’t have one tumultuous crowd in one area . You see that when we do the New Years Eve gala in Time Square . It is not just one mass of people because you ca n’t take the trouble makers out of there . So you try to divide them and put them into compartmentalization areas where you the trouble makers control a the trouble makers amount of people because if you    …      together you ca n’t see actually what s going on in the middle and then what you ’re able to do when you see a real troublemaker you can remove him out of the midst this way before it a real troublemaker more and more because people get brave when they are in a crowd and when they are people and throwing things or doing something people But you can observe them and take the troublemakers out before it accelerates people Dietl also had sharp words for New York City Mayor Bill DeBlasio . " One of the thing I was n’t happy about was about a year and half ago when they were protesting about ‘ What do we want people Dead cops now ! " and people let them shut down bridges and roadways , people Dietl people . To me that is disgusting and Dietl should have never been allowed . Then after that we had two cops assassinated in NYC    …      This mayor , Big Bird DeBlasio , made the environment for these people to have these demonstrations , and to shut down roads and bridges . People work all day   —    these were at 5 o’clock   —    people worked all day and all of sudden all they want to do is go home and have people and they have to be in traffic for      hours people these demonstrators . You want to demonstrate , I am for demonstrations , peaceful demonstrations . But you do n’t take away the rights of good law abiding citizens by closing down roadways , and destroying people ’s property . You can demonstrate , demonstrate , that is what our country is all about . " I ’m not getting the directives of this Big Bird De Blasio mayor , " Dietl said . " I will continue to call him Big Bird because he is a big fool this Big Bird De Blasio mayor he should be this Big Bird De Blasio mayor up , " Dietl continued this Big Bird De Blasio mayor I am really angry with him Dietl He has taken the heart and soul this Big Bird De Blasio mayor of this Big Bird De Blasio mayor rank and file cops    …      Everyone in police department now , all the cops are walking on ice , everyone is afraid to do anything because they afraid of what is going to happen with everyone police department under the direction of this mayor they have . Dietl also fingered liberal billionaire George everyone for his part in the disorder saying , " The George Soros demonstrators that we are looking at , all the demonstrators have the same familiar faces of Occupy Wall Street , and a lot of those signs are professionally put together . " Meaning that there is one guy , this Hungarian communist George Soros is supporting a lot of these demonstrations George Soros , he should be deported out of this country and should this Hungarian communist George Soros back to Hungry if he America he should leave here . This is this Hungarian communist George Soros and he this Hungarian communist George Soros an anarchist , he is for civil unrest this Hungarian communist George Soros He thinks that equals this Hungarian communist George Soros he is trying to do this Hungarian communist George Soros this country and tear this Hungarian communist George Soros apart . " I ’m for America country together again America " Dietl said . " I ’m America demonstration , but you must control them [ and ] ’m ca n’t let things get out of hand peaceful demonstration " 
 