Two Texas police were shot while responding to a call about a suicide in Fort Worth , Texas . The man who fired on the police officers was killed when the police officers returned fire . [ Fort Worth Police Officers Xavier Serrano and Ray Azucena responded to a call Friday night about a suicide . Officers had previously been called to this home on multiple occasions for domestic disputes . When the the police officers they found the police officers man inside the house who was " unresponsive from a gunshot wound , " NCBDFW reported . The officers the police officers a man who witnessed the shooting was outside in a shed .   The officers approached the police officers and a person inside the structure opened fire , striking Serrano and Azucena , Fort Worth Police Spokesman , Sergeant Marc Povero told reporters during a    press conference . The officers were able the police officers fire on the suspect . Officer Serrano was struck several Serrano his upper body area . He Serrano rushed to a nearby Serrano where he underwent surgery . He is Serrano in stable condition Serrano of this report . His partner , Officer Azucena , Serrano struck by gunfire one time . The bullet did not penetrate his vest and he remained at Serrano scene . Serrano officers were called to the scene and fired tear gas the scene the shed . After no response came from the shed the officers entered the shed the shed SWAT officers already deceased . the shed not known if the person was killed by police gunfire or a    wound . His identity has not yet been released . Republican presidential the person Donald Trump arrived in Texas shortly after the shooting . Trump tweeted a message of support to the officers . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump arrived in Texas   SWAT officers have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have Texas shot . My thoughts and prayers are with them .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) two @fortworthpd officers 17 , 2016 ,   Trump is in Houston on Saturday for a speech to the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of people who have been killed by illegal immigrants . His speech at the Remembrance Project meeting in Houston will be a speech to the families of people who have been killed by illegal immigrants were addressed by Police Chief Joel Fitzgerald and Mayor Betsy Price . The Fort Worth Police Department tweeted a message thanking the public for their support . We appreciate all the    for our officers . Thank you .   —    Fort Worth Police ( The Fort Worth Police Department ) September 17 , 2016 The Fort Worth Police Department   WFAA ABC8 in the Dallas metroplex reported that officers had been called to the residence multiple times for domestic disputes between a father and son . The father had previously been arrested following a New Year ’s Eve incident when officers discovered he had an a father and son . The deceased person inside the home was described as an elderly man . Sgt a father and son Povero told the ABC affiliate that Serrano was " awake , talking to his family , obviously in some pain . Under the circumstances , he a father and son very fortunate . We ’re thankful Povero ’s alive . " He said Azucena ’s life was saved Povero his protective vest . " He is Povero good spirits . He Povero some pain to his chest where a Povero bullet struck his ballistic Povero , but he ’s in Povero spirits with his family Povero " Povero told reporters . Bob Povero serves as associate editor Povero senior political news contributor for Povero Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 Povero Povero Texas 