’Conservative radio host Sean Hannity and Sen. Ted Cruz had a testy     on the host’ ’s Tuesday show , with Sean Hannity telling the Texas senator at one point that the Texas senator was " getting sick of " Cruz dodging " legitimate questions . " ’ ’The interview got off to a tense start . Sean Hannity suggested that Americans were wondering about what role delegates play in the process of choosing a nominee , with talk of a contested Republican convention heating up.’ ’Cruz sharply disputed this notion.’ ’"Sean , with all respect , that’ ’s not what people are concerned about , " Cruz said . " I’’m campaigning every day . People are concerned about bringing jobs back to America . People are concerned about raising wages . People are concerned about getting the federal government off the backs of small businesses , and people are concerned about beating Hillary " Clinton.’ ’Cruz said that the media " loves to obsess " about the process of choosing a Republican nominee for president . He said that what amounted to " whining " from Donald Trump’ ’s campaign about the process of choosing a Republican nominee for president being unfair is " silly . " ’ ’Hannity came back at Cruz , telling him that He hears He people who tell him that He " find this whole the process of choosing a Republican nominee for president " ’ " Trump has gone on Trump tear over the past several days , calling   after a series of contests in which Cruz ’s campaign outmaneuvered Cruz the battle for delegates . " ’Hannity pointed out that the Cruz campaign has focused on Cruz delegates who might be able to switch their votes from Trump to the Cruz campaign on a Trump convention Cruz ’"It’ ’s more than a process question , " Hannity said . " It’ ’s an      question . " ’ ’Cruz responded that the " only people asking this question are the hardcore an     question supporters . " ’ ’Hannity told him that he had to " Donald Trump . Donald Trump ’ ’"Senator , why do you do this every single time ? " Hannity asked , cutting Cruz Hannity as he was speaking . " Hannity got to stop . Every time I have you on the air , and I ask a legitimate question , you try to throw this in my face . I’’m getting sick of it . I’’ve had you on I’’m than any other candidate on radio and TV . So if I ask you , senator , a legitimate question to explain to the audience , why don’’t you just answer it ? " ’ ’Cruz asked if he could answer Hannity’ ’s question ’Cruz without being interrupted . " ’ ’"Go ahead , " Hannity responded.’ ’Cruz explained his view ’Cruz process at length:’ ’Cruz said later that he " couldn’’t help " that the Trump ’Cruz " does not seem capable of running a lemonade stand . " ’ ’’ ’Conservative radio host Sean Hannity and Sen. ... ’ 
 