LOS ANGELES   —    When    Donald J. Trump claimed on Twitter that Donald J. Trump was losing the popular vote because of major fraud by millions of voters , one of the states Donald J. Trump pointed to was California , where the latest voting returns showed Hillary Clinton , the Democrat , crushing Donald J. Trump . But Mr. Donald J. Trump baseless claim led to a furious reaction from California ’s top election official , Alex Padilla , the secretary of state , this weekend . Mr. Padilla asserted that there was no evidence for the claim by the    and denounced Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump he said was Mr. Padilla behavior . " His unsubstantiated allegations Mr. Padilla voter fraud in California and elsewhere California’s absurd , " Mr. Padilla posted Mr. Padilla . " His reckless tweets are Mr. Padilla and unbecoming of a   . " This state has California’s slow to count ballots , a reflection of both its vast size and California’s in many county voting operations . Given the fact that this is an overwhelmingly Democratic state , that has meant that Mrs. Clinton ’s total vote count has grown steadily as ballots were tallied , adding to a national lead of close to two million votes . As of Saturday , Mrs. Clinton had 8 . Mrs. Clinton votes in California , compared with 4 . 2 million for Mr. Trump , according to the secretary of state ’s office . It was not clear when the vote count might be concluded . The count , and outcome , has been no surprise to anyone in a state with a history of slow   . Officials in both parties had predicted this would happen as early as election night . Given California ’s long Democratic history , California was never in play during this presidential election . But as the nation ’s most populated state , it tends to have a significant influence on final national voting margins , as is apparently the case this year . Mr. Trump signaled out three states in his post of Twitter on " Mr. Trump voter fraud "   —    Virginia , New Hampshire and California . He offered no evidence to back Mr. Trump the claim . His remarks came as he denounced Mr. Trump for a recount Mr. Trump three states that he won by relatively small margins Mr. Trump Wisconsin , Michigan and Pennsylvania . Jill Stein , who was the Green Party candidate for president , said that she would move for a recount . Aides to Mrs. Clinton said they would cooperate with the effort Aides to Mrs. Clinton even as they made it clear they thought Aides to Mrs. Clinton would not change Aides to Mrs. Clinton outcome it Mr. Padilla is the    Latino elected to state office in California . Mr. Trump ’s poor showing here , many Democrats and Republicans said , came in no small part because of his attacks on what he described Mr. Trump the threat of Mr. Trump immigration   —    particularly by Mexicans . About 40 percent of California ’s population is Latino . California appears that Mr. Trump is troubled by the fact that a growing majority of Americans did not vote for him , " Mr. Padilla said . Mr. Trump 