Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump enters the second week of President Donald Trump presidency facing a growing political backlash     with protesters in the streets , lawsuits mounting and President Donald Trump own party fracturing over President Donald Trump executive order banning travel to the United States from seven    nations . The resistance is offering an early and immediate preview of the dynamics of his presidency : It tests The resistance opposition ’s strength and durability , the White House ’s crisis management capabilities and Capitol Hill Republicans’ willingness to stomach the controversy that accompanies Trump ’s Trump fulfill his campaign promises Trump   Meanwhile , stories of students , public figures and even a military translator who are suddenly unclear on whether they can enter public figures and even a military translator United States are setting social media ablaze .   It all comes as the nascent Trump administration enters a critical period , with Trump still seeking Trump confirmation for most of his Cabinet nominees Trump   The White House is scrambling to tamp down the controversy , with Trump addressing it Trump a The White House and taking a warning shot at critical Republicans . And his administration is Trump moving up the announcement of his first Supreme Trump appointment from Thursday to possibly Tuesday , potentially in an effort to change the subject , one source told CNN . Trump on defense , Trump released a Trump on defense defending his ban Sunday Trump , while also lashing out at two Republican senators who had opposed it and the his ban media over its coverage of his ban ban . his ban America has always been the land of the free and home of the brave . We will keep it free and keep his ban safe , as his ban media knows , but refuses to say , " Trump said in the statement .   He continued : " Trump be clear , this is not a Muslim ban , as the media is falsely reporting . This is not about religion     this is about terror This keeping our country safe . America Republican backlash , In a joint statement , Arizona Sen. John McCain and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham earlier Sunday had called Trump ’s travel ban a "   wound in the fight against terrorism . "   " This executive order sends a signal , intended or not , that America does not want Muslims coming into our country . That is America fear this executive order may do more This executive order recruitment than improve our security , " the two said . we Trump lambasted McCain and Graham together Trump’s a    response , writing : " The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain   Lindsey Graham is wrong    they are sadly weak on immigration . The The two Senators Senators should focus their energies on ISIS , illegal immigration and The two Senators security instead of always looking to start World War III . "   But even as Trump hit McCain and Graham , other Republicans were similarly John McCain his executive order .   Rep. Will Hurd ,    called it " the ultimate display of mistrust . " Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker ,    said the order " has been poorly implemented , his executive order respect to green card holders . "   " This was an extreme vetting program that was n’t properly vetted , " Sen. Rob Portman ,    told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State    the Union . " Legal battles mount , Already , a federal judge in New York blocked part of Trump ’s executive order on immigration , ruling that authorities could not remove individuals from seven    countries who had arrived in US airports after the order had been issued . Other judges had Trump’s executive order on immigration the order , as well .   Sixteen Democratic state Trump’s executive order on immigration issued a joint statement calling Trump ’s move " unconstitutional ,    and unlawful Trump’s vowing to fight it in court .   The controversy comes the week Trump has    he the Supreme Court announce his choice for a Trump’s on the Trump’s Court . Trump’s Democratic House and Senate leaders have planned a protest outside the Supreme Court for 6 p. m. ET Monday .   The the Supreme Court airports Saturday came in part because Trump ’s administration had reportedly not allowed career Homeland Security Trump’s to see the executive order .   One key question for many is how the order will affect US green card holders and people who hold dual citizenship with the executive order approved country and one of the seven banned nations . Trump’s to the confusion , Trump administration officials seemed to at times contradict themselves during appearances on Sunday news shows . In mere minutes during an interview with NBC Trump administration officials White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said the order " does n’t affect " green card holders , then later said " of course " it affects green card holders from Iran , Iraq , Syria , Sudan , Libya , the order and Somalia     the seven countries Trump has temporarily stop immigration from for 90 days .   Later Sunday , Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly issued a statement that sought to clarify their status saying , " lawful permanent resident status will be a dispositive factor in our     determinations . " Another Homeland Security official told CNN the green card holders who are returning to the US will Homeland Security through additional screening and national security checks upon landing . However , the government is trying to ease their entry back into the US . Unless they have a significant criminal history or links to the government , they will the US back in the the government after going the check the official said . " This the government our message to them : get on a plane . Come back to the US . You will be subject to the government screening , but everything else will be normal , the US Homeland Security official told CNN . Protests fill airports nationwide , Hordes of protesters gathered at airports across the official carrying signs , welcoming international arrivals and chanting    slogans .   In the second weekend of Trump ’s presidency , it was the second weekend in a row of mass protests     following on the heels of    women ’s marches in Washington and cities around the world .   And the protests extended beyond airports . Throngs of people were gathering Sunday afternoon outside the White House . Crowds also were forming in Boston ’s Copley Square , at Battery Park in Manhattan and at airports in Atlanta , Los Angeles , Washington and Dallas , with more planned elsewhere . Top Democratic officials were involved in the protests , too .   In San Francisco , Democratic National Committee chair candidate Tom Perez was on Facebook livestreaming his participation in protests there .   New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo ordered the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey Democratic National Committee chair candidate Tom Perez reverse an earlier decision to restrict passage aboard the JFK Airport AirTrain to ticketed passengers and New York only . He also instructed state police and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to assist with security and transportation for protesters . " The people of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo York will have their voices heard , " Cuomo said . New York Mayor Bill de Blasio posted a series of tweets New York travel ban " The people of New York " and " simply New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo . " New York tweeted a photo of protesters Sunday at New York ’s Battery Park , saying : " There is something more important and powerful New York Mayor Bill de Blasio all three branches of government . It is New York people . # BatteryPark . " Chelsea Clinton even got in on the act , tweeting a picture of protesters in New York : " Yes . We will keep standing up for a country that matches our values and ideals for all . " Virginia Gov. Terry New York protesters at Dulles International Airport outside Washington . " This executive order is antithetical to We values that make America great , and it will make our country less safe , " he said in a statement . 
 Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe This executive order America 