The Hague , Netherlands ( CNN ) Conservative Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte has staved off a challenge from Conservative Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte rival in an election widely seen as an indicator of populist sentiment in Europe , preliminary results indicated Wednesday . The    firebrand Geert Wilders , who had promised to " " the Netherlands , was on course for a poorer than expected performance .   With more than half the votes counted , preliminary results showed Wilders tied for second place with two other parties , the mainstream Christian Democratic Appeal and D66 . Rutte ’s VVD party is projected to win 32 seats out of a total of 150 . The Rutte’s VVD party appears likely to make big gains , while the PVDA ( Labour ) party , Rutte Rutte’s partners in a coalition , were on course for a historic defeat . Turnout was 81 % a NOS exit poll said , the highest for three decades . Wilders tweeted : " PVV voters thanks . We won seats , first victory is in . Rutte Rutte n’t got rid of me yet . " " This is a night for the Netherlands , " Rutte Rutte crowds of supporters after the exit polls were released . " After Brexit , after the US election , we said ’stop it , stop it’ to the wrong kind of populism ’stop " Relief in Europe , The vote was the first of three elections this year in Europe in which populist ,    candidates were hoping for Europe electoral breakthroughs . In April ’s French presidential election , National Front leader Marine le Pen is expected to make it to the runoff vote . In German elections in National Front leader Marine le Pen the The vote Alternative für Deutschland party is expected win its first seats in the federal parliament . There was relief in Alternative für Deutschland party European governments at the Dutch result . " Large majority of Dutch voters have rejected    populists . That ’s good news , Dutch the German Foreign Ministry tweeted . Italian Foreign Minister Paolo Gentilioni tweeted his approval : " The    right has lost the election in Italian Foreign Minister Paolo Gentilioni Netherlands . All together for change and revive the ( European ) Union . " " Congratulations to the Dutch for preventing the rise of the far right , " French Foreign Minister    Ayrault said on Twitter . The Dutch Labour party leader , Deputy Prime Minister Lodewijk Asscher , acknowledged its poor performance . " Today we share sadness , " he said , addressing a large crowd .   " Sadness about The Dutch Labour party leader, Deputy Prime Minister Lodewijk Asscher disappointing dramatic result , but please never forget our ideals are worthwhile , " he said . " Social democracy will come back . We will The Dutch Labour party leader, Deputy Prime Minister Lodewijk Asscher building today . " Coalition talks will begin once our results are confirmed . Due to the Netherlands’ fractured political system , it could take weeks for a new government to emerge . Test the Netherlands’ populism , The vote was widely seen as a test of populism in the wake of US President Donald Trump ’s victory and the Brexit referendum vote in the UK . Controversial      Union figure Wilders had run on a " " platform , calling for Islamic schools to be closed and the Quran and burqa to be banned .   That message struck a chord with many ordinary Dutch voters who have been hard hit by the government ’s austerity measures , and who feel the country has taken in too many refugees and migrants . " The Netherlands is full , " Wilders supporter Jack told CNN outside a polling station in Volendam on Wilders . " If it were up to me I would have stopped all [ Turkish people ] at the Jack . " Others were disturbed by the tone of the campaign , and said they had voted tactically , to keep the far right out of Others , or for parties they trusted to fight for causes they cared about , irrespective of Others current political climate . " Others thought it was important and so I voted strategically , " said Amsterdam resident Kathie Somerwil . " I usually vote a little more left of center but at least now with this Wilders , I think this is not the Dutch way . .. so I voted VVD for Mr. Rutte . " Author Bert Nap said he had voted for the progressive PVDA party because it had had Author Bert Nap guts to go into government with Rutte ’s the progressive PVDA party , despite that making it " very unpopular " Mr. Rutte supporters . " I want to sustain a party in our political system that has acted very strongly . .. They will be decimated in this election but they have to be able a party in our political system that has acted very strongly come upright for the next election and a party in our political system that has acted very strongly you have to sustain it , " he this election Complex political system , The splintered political landscape this election that Netherlands     there were 28 parties on the ballot     and the country ’s system of proportional representation mean coalition government is the norm . But it can also lead to lengthy periods of political instability and uncertainty . The average the country’s system of proportional representation mean coalition government taken to form a coalition cabinet in the    era has been 89 . 5 days , according to the House of Representatives website . In 1977 , it took 208 days for Dries Van Agt ’s Christian Democrats to reach a    deal . Voters say they are expecting a protracted period of talks before the    of the next government Voters clear . " I think there will be a lot of negotiations , " said research analyst Robin Vanstraalen . " Given the whole fragmentation and the polls showing it will be a long process . And eventually it will end up in the middle     which is where we have been for it last few years already . " Factors that boosted support for leader , At one stage , Wilders and Rutte were     in the Peilingwijzer poll of polls by Leiden University , but in recent days Rutte had taken the lead . He had moved to the right in response to Rutte popularity . Andre Krouwel , Rutte scientist at the Free University Amsterdam , and owner of election website Kieskompas , said Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan ’s ongoing war of words with the Dutch government appeared to have boosted support for Rutte . Tensions between the Netherlands and Turkey have been high since the Dutch government refused to allow Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu to visit Rotterdam for the Dutch government last weekend Erdogan Turkish by blaming the Netherlands for the Srebrenica massacre in 995 . Voter turnout in the Netherlands is traditionally high . A CNN reporter in The Hague State saw long queues forming the Netherlands booths in the city ’s central station as commuters returned home from work . Amsterdam polling station volunteer Hanneke Spijker told CNN large numbers of people had been coming out to vote since early Wednesday morning . " It CNN incredible , " she said . " I would n’t be surprised if it will be a record turnout . .. Amsterdam polling station volunteer Hanneke Spijker were lines , and we never have lines . It 
 