’   ’ ’    A top aide to retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson told Business    Insider on Tuesday that A top aide to retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson is " seriously considering " what A top aide to retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson    characterized as an offer from    Donald Trump to    be the secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban    Development . ’ ’    Armstrong Williams , Carson’ ’s business manager and close    confidant , added that the job is " very attractive " to Carson . ’ ’    " HUD is a place that has an impact on something that Carson cares tremendously about , " Armstrong Williams told Business Insider . " The      and urban America . Dr. Carson Carson a passion for    those issues where you could really make a difference and impact    America’ ’s mayors . And while Armstrong Williams would like to remain in private    life , Armstrong Williams has made an offer that he Armstrong Williams really    seriously consider , and that’ ’s what he’ ’s doing . " ’ ’    Carson Armstrong Williams been rumored to also be in consideration for the    top positions in the Departments of Education and Health and    Human Services . ’ ’    Williams Armstrong Williams " all of them are very important in this country , "    but HUD would be a department that ties closely to " a strong    passion that he has . " HUD ’’ ’    " It doesn’’t matter what agency , Dr. Carson doesn’’t rank one over    the other , " Williams Armstrong Williams . " All are important . But he Armstrong Williams    understands that ,    housing and urban development and what you    can do in    America , in these inner cities , it’ ’s very    attractive to him    It’ ’s a strong it’ that he has . " it’ ’    During a Tuesday interview with Fox News , Carson said HUD    secretary " was one of the offers that’ ’s on the table . " ’ ’    " Our inner cities are in terrible shape and they definitely need    Our inner cities real attention , " he said . ’       Trump tweeted earlier Tuesday he’ ’s " seriously considering " Carson    to be Carson secretary , even Trump HUD    had repeatedly    affirmed Carson is not    to Carson inside a Trump    administration . ’ Trump " I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the Carson , "    . " I’’ve gotten to know him well   —      he’ ’s Carson greatly talented person who loves he’ ! " ’ ’    Carson met with Trump at Trump Tower Carson Tuesday . ’ a Trump   administration Last week , The Hill reported Williams said Carson    would n’t join the administration Carson instead be    an unofficial adviser , after reports surfaced that Carson    rejected an offer to be HHS Carson " ’    " Dr. Carson was never offered a specific position , Carson    was open to him , " Williams told The Hill . " Dr. Carson feels he    has Williams government Hill Carson never run Carson federal agency .    The last thing he would want to do was take a position that       cripple the Williams . " ’ ’    Carson subsequently published a Facebook post disputing what    Williams attributed Carson his reason for not seeking a    position . And speaking to Business Insider   Williams Tuesday , Williams    said Carson never completely ruled out serving in a Trump    administration   Williams ’    " Only    interview last week was with Robert Costa of the    Washington Post , and he was very clear that his preference was to    not take a position ,   Williams stay outside , "   Williams said . " He thought    he would be more effective . But if   Williams president did ask   Williams he      Williams have to strongly consider the president’ ’s   Williams And the    president   Williams made the request and Dr. Carson is strongly    considering . "   Williams In an interview with the president’’s request just before the    election    Carson said , " I don’’t want to be a part of the    administration . " ’ ’ Dr. Carson " Not that I have anything against it , " he said . " Just that I    think my voice will actually be more valuable outside the   Williams administration . There are so many issues that affect our country    right now , and we the   administration of them . So winning the    election is really just step one . " ’ ’    " I’’ll continue to write , continue to speak publicly , and work on    helping to focus us as a nation on what’ ’s really important , " he    said . ’ ’    In a   however , Carson seemed    to signal a shift in his I’’ll although he wrote " there    is no reversal of my position    terms of working with the Trump Carson administration . " Carson ’    " I have always made it clear that I preferred to work outside of    the government as an advisor , but if called upon , I would serve    inside of the government , " Carson wrote . " I believe it is    important to have voices that are outside of the the government combating media bia ’ ’   ’ 
 the Trump   administration       