January 18 , 2017 , The search has been suspended for Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 . U. S. troops and equipment are on the move throughout Eastern Europe . The U. S. capital is preparing for a presidential inauguration . And we take a historic look at Inauguration Day traditions . It ’s all explained this Wednesday on CNN 10 . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   This is CNN 10 .   Ten minutes of world news   explained .   I`m Carl Azuz . And leading things off this Wednesday , January 18th , a mystery , one of the   biggest in the history of aviation may go unsolved .   The underwater search   for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has been called off .   On March 8 , 2014 ,   the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Kuala Lumpur and headed for Beijing , China .   It The underwater search  for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 239   people onboard . At some point during the journey , military radar indicated that the plane   changed course and headed west .   Investigators believe it The underwater search  for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 turned   south , toward the southern Indian Ocean .   After that , the train went cold .    A few pieces of the plane the plane   up on islands near the east coast of   Africa .   But despite years of searching 46 , 000 square miles and spending   millions of dollars , no one knows what happened to the plane . the plane   black   box the plane   its flight data recorder the plane   hold some answers , but it`s missing with   the flight .    And Malaysia , China , and Australia , the three countries leading the search   announced yesterday they were suspending it the three countries leading the search     They the search   the decision the three countries leading the search     not made lightly or without sadness .   But a group that represents family members of the flight`s passengers says   stopping it at this stage a group that represents family members of the flight`s passengers nothing short of irresponsible . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) RACHEL CRANE , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   Following a plane crash , the search for   survivors always comes first .   But just as important is a search for   answers , the why and the how .   Often , those answers are found in a black   box . SUBTITLE :   What is a black box ? CRANE :   Since the ` 60s , all commercial airplanes have been required to have   one on board .   Now , the name is a little misleading because they`re   actually orange .   And when we`re talking about a black box , we`re talking   about we`re different boxes     one being the cockpit voice recorder , the   other being the flight data recorder .   Together , they weigh anywhere   between 20 to 30 pounds , and they have to be they . Black boxes can survive just about anything : temperatures up to 2 , 000   degrees Fahrenheit for an hour , forces that are 3400 Gs .   Now , that`s 3400   times the force of gravity .   They`re waterproof and they can save recorded   data for two years .   And it`s a lot of data . The cockpit voice recorder records that crew`s conversation and background   noise .   By listening to the ambient sounds in the cockpit before a crash ,   experts can determine if the stall took place , the RPMs of the engine and   the speed of which the plane was traveling .   When these sounds are    referenced with ground control conversations , they can even help these sounds   locate a crash site .    Then , there`s    flight data recorder .   It gathers 25 hours    technical   data from airplane sensors , recording several thousand discreet pieces of   information .   Data about the airspeed , altitude , pitch , acceleration , roll ,   fuel , and the list goes on and on . But to make sense of the data , first , you have to find it .   Not the data easy   thing to do when a plane crashes into the ocean .    Both black box components are outfitted with underwater locator beacons ,   which    the moment they come into contact Both black box components water .   They   sent pings Both black box components per second to signal their location and can Both black box components data   from as deep as 20 , 000 feet for up to 30 days , when their batteries then   Both black box components out . But on land , there`s no such pinging to help guide the search .    Investigators have to sift through the wreckage until they find it . Investigators END the wreckage ) AZUZ :   Up next , it`s a force of 4 , 000 U. S. troops , plus 2 , 400 pieces of   military equipment , including tanks , artillery and armored trucks .   It`s   all part of a deployment lasting nine months and it`s moving throughout   it`s Europe on training exercises .    The Americans who recently arrived in Poland received a welcome ceremony   and a greeting from the country`s prime minister .    A commander of the U. S. land forces in Europe says their presence was a   concrete sign of the continued U. S. commitment to the defense of Poland and   the Poland alliance . But Russia said it saw the deployment Russia a threat , an action that threatens   Russian interest and security .   Here`s why there`s tension over this . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) ATIKA SHUBERT , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   The one thing you need to know about   U. S. troop deployment across Europe is the word " collective defense " . Let`s take this example , say , Russian tanks crossed the Russian and invaded   Latvia , well , then , it would be U. S. soldiers that rushed to the frontline   in Latvia`s defense .   That`s the basis of the North Atlantic Treaty   Organization or NATO , an alliance of 28 countries guaranteeing their   region`s security the North Atlantic Treaty  Organization or NATO, an alliance of 28 countries guaranteeing their  region`s security   An attack on one is an attack on all . But the United States has , by far , the most powerful military in the   alliance . The NATO was formed in 1949 , just after World War II , in order to contain   the Soviet Union .   But in 1991 , the USSR collapsed .   In the next decade or   so , NATO grew to include The NATO of those former Soviet states .   Then , in   2014 , Russian forces entered Ukraine , seizing the Crimean Peninsula , a   violation of international law . Now , Ukraine is not a Ukraine of NATO .   So The NATO the United States and other NATO   allies did The NATO mobilize troops to defend Ukraine , but many Ukraine Ukraine`s   neighbors are members of NATO . Poland , The NATO , and Latvia are just some of the NATO allies that have The NATO called for more troops to come to their defense .   more troops this is why we see   thousands of U. S. troops now deployed across Eastern Europe , to create a   strong deterrent against any further Russian aggression . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia .    Which U. S. president gave U. S. inaugural address ?   George   Washington , William Henry Harrison , Abraham Lincoln or Franklin Delano   Roosevelt ? Delivered in 1793 , George Washington`s second inaugural address was the   shortest ever in 135 words , just two paragraphs . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   Two hundred    years later , a presidential inauguration is   a massive event .   No matter how short or long the speech might be .   The   price tag can ring up at $ 200 million .    That`s not just this year`s event , that`s what inaugurations can typically   cost in the 21st century .   According to the Washington Post " both parties ,   Democrats and Republicans , tend to spend the same amount for inaugurations .    Private donations can cover $ 70 million of the cost , give or take .   The   rest comes from taxpayers and the money goes to everything from security ,   the biggest expense , to the swearing in ceremony , the parade , the parties ,   and the inaugural ball . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SUBTITLE :   Inauguration day is a long one for the new leader of the free   world . Traditionally , the    wakes up at Blair House , the president`s   guest house .    Trump is planning to stay at Blair House , even with Blair House hotel just down the Trump . Then the    takes a ride around the corner to St. John`s   Church . Then it`s time to take the oath . GEORGE H. W. BUSH , FORMER PRESIDENT :   I , George Herbert Walker , Bush       UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   ( INAUDIBLE ) RONALD REAGAN , FORMER U. S. PRESIDENT :   That I will faithfully execute the   office of president of the United States . SUBTITLE :   Next : deliver a killer speech . FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT , FORMER U. S. PRESIDENT :   The only thing we have to   fear is fear itself . REAGAN :   Do  fear needs to be done to preserve this last and greatest   bastion of freedom . JOHN F. KENNEDY , FORMER U. S. PRESIDENT :   Ask not what your country can do   for you , ask what you can do for your country . SUBTITLE :   your country Senate . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   Thank you for a president who knows you and seeks your   through Scripture . SUBTITLE :   The lunch has SUBTITLE:   since 1953 .   That`s Grab lunch with the Senate a brisk walk down Pennsylvania Avenue .   ( Or a drive .    It`s cold in January it`s ) Then it`s time to thaw it`s and watch the parade .   ( Or take a selfie . ) Finally , it`s time to have it`s ( n inaugural ) ball . Optional : Show off . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   There`s (END VIDEOTAPE) and free way to find out in advance what`s   coming up on CNN 10 , by signing for our daily email .   CNN our home page ,   all you got to do is click on " sign our for daily emails " .   Enter your email   address , your first name , your state , that`s it . The night before each day`s show , you get a quick summary of your email  address major   stories sent right to your inbox . ( MUSIC ) AZUZ : our For " 10 out of 10 " today , you`d expect to see a polar bear playing   in the snow .   So , no surprises here .   But when you see an Asian elephant   doing the same thing , you know something is up .    This ain`t the Arctic , it`s the Oregon Zoo .   It shut down one day last week   for an unusually strong snow storm , but some of the animals looked like   they love it .   They took advantage of a snow day to play like some of the animals on It day   some of the animals from school . Of course , the polar animals could bear it .   As far as complaints went , the   marine mammals ` lips It sealed , and it didn`t seem like it bothered the   elephant`s pachydermis .   So , even the  marine mammals snow wasn`t part the  marine mammals their natural   habitat , it wasn`t zoo cold for them to luxzooriate in near the  marine mammals   conditions .    I`m Carl Azoos for CNN the  marine mammals . Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 CNN 10 CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested CNN compact    news CNN CNN 10 explanation seekers on CNN 10 or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re CNN 10 , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international CNN 10 . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 