Cincinnati   ( CNN ) Donald Trump delivered an unmistakable message Thursday in Donald Trump first big speech since election night     the unconventional , impulsive and unscripted person who won a stunning victory is the one that America will get as America President . The    emerged from three weeks closeted in Trump Tower and The    private resorts where The    is building The    Cabinet , for a full bore , campaign style rally , before a fired up and adoring crowd on the first leg of a    " " tour through key battleground states with Vice    Mike Pence . Anyone who thought that Trump would preview a new , soberer , presidential version of Trump just 50 days before Trump takes the oath of office was mistaken . " The bottom line is we won ! " a triumphant Trump declared to a rowdy throng that half filled a hockey arena in downtown Cincinnati , in a state , Ohio , which a triumphant Trump won by nearly nine points on election night . The ostensible purpose of the event was to stress a message of national unity after a fractious campaign and to lay out a road map for a triumphant Trump presidency . But the    showed that the heavy burdens of office that are about to settle on his shoulders and the behavioral constraints that normally apply to a head of state are not going to cramp his his political style . In apparent diversions from his his , he his the " dishonest " media , jabbed Ohio Gov. John Kasich who refused to support him his crowed at his his over Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . He his about his his win , which defied the pundits who said he his no path to 270 electoral votes . He his down on controversial campaign vows to build a wall on the border with Mexico , to restrict Muslim immigration into the US and to repeal and replace Obamacare . And in renewing his his with his his , vocal supporters , who chanted " Build the Wall " and " Lock her Up " in reference to Clinton , he his a warning to opponents in Washington , even members of his his party , that he his to marshal his his political power base throughout his his . And perhaps more than anything else , Trump was having fun , reveling in being back as the rhetorical general of his Trump roots army , riling his Trump and commanding the spotlight surrounded by a worshipful crowd .   ’Don’t tell anybody’ He Trump n’t resist breaking his Trump embargo on the announcement that is coming Monday that he Trump name    Marine General James Mattis to run the Pentagon . " We are going to appoint Mad Dog Mattis as our We of defense , " Trump said , joking with the crowd , " We We not announcing it until Monday     so do n’t tell anybody . He Trump the closest thing we We to Patton and it ’s about time . " Trump Trump a highlight reel of moments on election night , recalling how he Trump seen how state after state , including Democratic bastions like Wisconsin , Michigan and Pennsylvania vote for him Trump and mocked media analysts who said he Trump n’t break Clinton ’s blue wall . " We did n’t break it , we We it it " Trump said . He Trump , several times , apparently     indulged his Trump ego , such as when he Trump the crowd he Trump simply a vessel to give voice to their the crowd . " I am just really the messenger , although I have been a pretty good messenger , " Trump Trump .   He Trump took advantage of his Trump in Ohio to take a dig at the Republican governor , who has been a vocal Trump Trump . " Hey , in the great state of Ohio Ohio we did n’t have the upper echelon of politician either did we we " " I will say this , it this very nice , your governor , John Kasich , called me after the election , he your governor, John Kasich congratulations , that was amazing . " Trump Trump call for unity came as his Trump’s called for Clinton to be put in jail     underscoring that even when he Trump’s to ease the political divisions he Trump’s open in the nation during the the election his own Trump’s political style and performance makes his task Trump’s times harder . " We are not going to be divided for long , I have always brought people together , I know you find that hard to believe . " " We did We a lot of fun fighting Hillary did n’t we ? We Trump said , as the crowd uniformly and loudly chanted " Lock her Up Trump Lock Her Up Trump " READ MORE : How did Trump get Trump to stay ? Trump has Trump since the election that he will Trump pursue an investigation into the former secretary of state ’s private email server . Unorthodox force , The vintage Trump performance Trump night reflected an emerging theme of his transition Trump On the one had , the    is presiding over a professional and quickening effort to construct his government Trump agenda . He appeared Trump and serious while meeting President Barack Obama in the Oval Office . Yet there are also other moments , like his early Trump Twitter tirades and his freewheeling Trump on Thursday night when he behaves Trump the unorthodox force that turned American politics on its head American How these two sides of his character Trump out and coexist will shape his presidency Trump The thank you tour begins as Trump puts together his Cabinet Trump after naming nominees to head the Treasury , Commerce and Transportation departments , part of the huge task of standing up his administration Trump the inauguration in January . Trump also Trump critics who have criticized him for Trump billionaire businessman Wilbur Ross as Commerce Secretary . " The guy Trump to make money , folks , " Trump said , Trump musing on the rest of his cabinet " Trump killers you ’ve ever seen     it ’s time . "   The rally also provided a preview of the way that Trump will seek Trump keep his supporters motivated Trump his presidency , Trump case his agenda is Trump or challenged by establishment Republicans in Washington . " Every single day , you will be the agents of change , " Trump told the Trump . Speaker after speaker before Trump arrived made Trump points . Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin quoted Winston Churchill who one said after World War II that the British people were lions and he had simply Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin chosen to roar for them . " the British people are the lion and you have chosen Donald Trump and Trump to deliver the roar , " Bevin told the crowd Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin Trump ’s senior political Trump Stephen Miller beseeched the crowd to " the crowd for the next eight years . " " It is going to take energy , dedication and passion that I know each and every one of you have to support our    so he can finish the Trump . " Double down , Trump also used the Trump to double down on bedrock campaign themes . He renewed his promise Trump prioritize Trump interests over the rest of the world and warned that a knife attack at Ohio State University by a radicalized student on Monday was the result of lax refugee policies backed by " stupid people . " " People are pouring in from regions of the Middle East     we have not idea who they are , where they People from what they People thinking and we People going to step we dead cold . " The    arrived in Ohio from Indiana where he highlighted the deal he The    with Carrier , The    heating and air conditioner firm to save 1 , 000 jobs that had been set to move to Mexico     fulfilling a campaign promise . He billed the deal as The    the the deal he made with Carrier, a heating and air conditioner firm to save 1, 000 jobs that had been set to move to Mexico    fulfilling a campaign promise of a nationwide revival . " It ’s time to remove the the deal he made with Carrier, a heating and air conditioner firm to save 1, 000 jobs that had been set to move to Mexico    fulfilling a campaign promise from the Rust Belt and usher in a new industrial revolution , " Trump said . While the rally lacked some of the fury and seething sense of revolt that marked the final days of the election campaign , it was if nothing had changed since Trump became   . The chants Trump the applause lines and the freewheeling Trump were all familiar . The Trump repeating soundtrack including Trump ’s campaign anthem " You Trump Always Get Want You Want " by the Rolling Stones was the same . In fact , the only thing different from a    rally was that when Trump was Trump by Vice   Mike Pence as " the next President of the United States "     it did not represent a seemingly distant hope     it was a statement of fact . it 