  ( CNN ) On Friday the world saw and heard a video in which Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and     of " Access Hollywood " Billy Bush denigrated women in the most repulsive terms .   But it was so much worse than that . Donald Trump admitted sexually assaulting women when he Donald Trump : " I just start kissing them women . .. I do n’t even wait . " He Donald Trump on : " And when you ’re a star , they women you do it a star " Trump Donald Trump . " You can do anything . "    " Whatever you want " was Billy’ Bush ’s response . " Grab them by the    " Trump continues . " You can do anything . " Now several Republican members of the House and Senators John McCain of Arizona , Mike Crapo of Idaho and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire have withdrawn their several Republican members of the House and Senators John McCain of Arizona, Mike Crapo of Idaho and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire of Donald Trump ’s candidacy . Many others are falling all over themselves Many others denounce him Donald Trump’s   As a woman , I ’m furious at the vile things Trump Donald Trump’s to doing , and at Billy Bush ’s enabling laughter . Outraged . But I ’m ’m angrier at the Republicans who are only now pulling their the Republicans who are only now pulling their support for this repellent candidate for this repellent candidate . Why only now ? I need hardly recount the long list of offensive things that Donald Donald Trump’s said     and that we ’ve seen on video     that passed through the news cycle without the same Republican response .   A sampling : We have video of Trump telling Donald Trump’s ’s Jake Tapper that an    judge should be disqualified from hearing the Trump University lawsuit because of his Mexican heritage . We have lots of instances of Trump telling Donald Trump’s President We , our country ’s first black president , was not an American citizen and that he made him show he papers he   We have We calling Donald Trump’s a ban on all Muslims’ travel to the United States . Friday , Donald Trump Donald Trump’s that the We Park Five were guilty . The Central Park the Central Park Five group of young males wrongly convicted in a brutal sexual assault of a white woman in 1989 . The five     four blacks and one Latino , mostly teenagers     were exonerated by DNA evidence . There was a $ 41 million settlement compensating them for their convictions and imprisonment The five    four blacks and one Latino, mostly teenagers       The five    four blacks and one Latino, mostly teenagers     Trump still called Donald Trump’s citizens of our country     wrongfully convicted , incarcerated and then exonerated by the American legal system     guilty .   Where were Trump ’s new Donald Trump’s Rep. Jason Chaffetz , or Rep. Mike Coffman , or Utah Gov. Gary Herbert , or Sen. Crapo or Sen. Ayotte     at any point during the year ’s long litany of outrages that preceded the release of this " Access Hollywood " videotape ? Chaffetz has couched his withdrawal of support from Donald Trump Chaffetz the context of having a daughter . If he had only a son     and not , as he does , a son and two he     would he still support Donald Trump ? Putting he the obvious Donald Trump we stop rape culture when we teach our sons and every other man we consent we the only thing , fathers can not just care about sexual violence against women if they have daughters .   The Republicans are fathers because they are afraid that Trump is going to The Republicans them down with him . What I saw The Republicans that videotape Trump that Trump was targeting white women like he has Trump targeted blacks ,    and Trump .    The Republican Party does not need any    those groups to vote for them in order to win , but it those groups need white women ’s support . The Republican Party It is virtually impossible for Trump to win The Republican Party a strong majority of Trump women ’s votes .    and other Republicans can not win elections    white women going to the polls and casting Republican ballots . Republicans are alive to this     they get it .   We know that Republicans Trump this     not care Republicans does not get Trump because of his first apology , and Trump second one Trump In his first , Trump apologized " if anyone Trump offended . Trump Who the hell was n’t offended ? In Trump ’s second apology , he called this Trump " distraction " and Trump that we not hold against him things he said more than a decade Trump , Trump then pivoted to the behavior of Bill Clinton , who is not running for president     behavior that is , by the way , almost two decades old . One last point : This Republican ,      is not even about white women as people deserving respect and human dignity . If it were , they would have bolted when they first heard it were ’s accounts of his it were abusive behavior     heard about Jill Bill Clinton, who is not running for president    behavior that is, by the way, almost two decades old ’s sexual assault allegations or read David Cay Johnston ’s chapter " Imaginary Lovers " in his book , " The Making of Donald Bill Clinton, who is not running for president    behavior that is, by the way, almost two decades old " or recently learned that more than 20 people from " The Apprentice " cast and crew were interviewed and described Trump ’s lewd behavior .   Why Republicans’ outrage now ? This is not about believing women , this is instead about a video , offering proof     in Trump ’s own voice     of his sexual Donald Trump and his debasement of women Donald Trump It has gone Donald Trump and as such can not be ignored , as much as they might otherwise have been inclined to do . Suddenly it is harder for white and mostly male It to come away from November 8 with a win .  
 