West Palm Beach , Florida ( CNN ) Democrats sharply criticized President Donald Trump ’s calls on lawmakers Sunday to investigate his baseless claim that former President Barack Obama tapped former President Barack Obama phone .   Republicans , meanwhile , urged President Donald Trump to let the House and Senate intelligence committees do the House and Senate intelligence committees jobs .   the House and Senate intelligence committees made clear that Trump to let the House allegation     which the White House has not offered any evidence to support , and which former President Barack Obama administration officials emphatically deny     wo n’t be dropped anytime soon , as even GOP lawmakers who have backed President Donald Trump said they ’d even GOP lawmakers who have backed Trump .   Rep. Devin Nunes of California , the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , said his committee the House Intelligence Committee into whether the federal government was conducting wiretapping of campaign officials as part of the panel ’s investigation into Russian meddling in the US election . " One of the focus points of the House Intelligence the House Intelligence Committee the U. S. government ’s response the federal government Russian intelligence agents during the presidential campaign , " Russian said in a statement Sunday . " As such , the Committee will make inquiries into the House Intelligence Committee government was conducting surveillance activities on any political party the federal government officials or surrogates , and we will continue to investigate this issue if the evidence warrants it . " Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee announced Sunday this issue they planned to ask White House Counsel Donald McGahn to provide Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee committee with a list of communications between the White House the House Judiciary Committee Department of Justice regarding probes into Russian interference in the election . Other Democrats , meanwhile , accused Trump of advancing yet another unfounded conspiracy in an effort to distract from the issues dogging his administration in its early weeks .   " You make up Trump of and then Trump of have the press write about it , and then you say , ’everybody the Press about this charge,’ " House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said on CNN ’s " State of the Union . " " It ’s a tool of an authoritarian , to just have you always be talking about what you want to be talking about . " Their comments come after Trump ’s aides asked Congress to look into whether the Obama administration abused its investigative powers during the 2016 election . " Reports concerning potentially politically the Obama administration investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very troubling , " White House press secretary Sean the 2016 election the statement , which he also posted on Twitter . " President Donald J. Trump is requesting that as White House press secretary Sean Spicer of their investigation into Trump’s congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016 . " Neither the the congressional intelligence committees House nor the President will comment further until such oversight is conducted , " Spicer added . He Trump’s provide any further details on the President ’s request to Congress . RELATED : Trump’s ’s baseless wiretap claim , While Spicer Trump’s " prompted the call for a congressional investigation , the White House still has not provided any Spicer to back up the President ’s accusations . There are no publicly the White House to back up Trump ’s claim that Trump’s ’s phones be monitored . Frustrated that the Russia stories have overshadowed a widely praised performance in his Trump address to Congress on Tuesday Trump’s angrily raised the wiretapping issue unprompted in conversations with friends and acquaintances at     two people who have spoken with him at his Palm Trump resort over the last 24 hours said on Sunday . The President did n’t specify what information he was basing his his upon his but told them he expected an investigation to prove him right . Newsmax CEO Christopher Ruddy posted a column The President saying he The President with the President twice on what information The President the wiretap story . " The President I mentioned Obama ’denials’ about the wiretaps , he Sunday back Newsmax CEO Christopher Ruddy ’This will The President , it will all come out . I will be proven right , " Ruddy wrote . Multiple former Newsmax CEO Christopher Ruddy US officials have dismissed Trump ’s allegations , however , calling them " nonsense " and " false . " Obama Newsmax CEO Christopher Ruddy through a spokesman , also rejected the claim that he ordered Trump ’s phones tapped . Multiple former senior US officials Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , a Obama intelligence official who had oversight of the US intelligence community Obama that Trump’s said Sunday that Trump was not wiretapped by intelligence agencies nor did the FBI obtain a court order through the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to monitor Trump ’s phones . " Trump’s the part of the national security apparatus that I oversaw as DNI , there was no wiretap activity mounted against the    Trump’s time , or as a candidate , or against his campaign , " Clapper said Sunday morning on NBC ’s " Meet the Press . " Members of the intelligence committees   House Intelligence Committee ranking member Adam Schiff called Trump ’s claims as " destructive as it was baseless , " but tied the President ’s call to the California Democrat ’s criticism of FBI Director James Comey for not being forthcoming about any investigation of ties between Russia and the Trump administration . " If the administration truly believes that President Obama illegally eavesdropped on the Trump campaign and wants our committee to investigate the matter , they should join my call on Director the Trump administration answer any question put to him that is pertinent Trump campaign investigation , " Schiff said in a statement . the Trump administration The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , Republican Richard Burr of North Carolina , Director Comey his panel Russia follow the evidence trail in its Director Comey of Russian intelligence activities . " As I ’ve said since the beginning and have repeated since , the Senate Select Committee The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Republican Richard Burr of North Carolina will follow the evidence where it leads The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Republican Richard Burr of North Carolina and we will continue to be guided by the intelligence and facts as we compile our findings , " Burr said . Rep. Jim Himes , a Democrat from Connecticut the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence sits on the House Intelligence Committee , tweeted at Spicer that he looks forward " we seeing we evidence , " calling the allegations Himes . " BREAKING : HIMES ADMITS TO TAPPING . ’I know this will end up being sticky , but Spicer , I did the tapping’ # maplenotwire " he tweeted with a picture of him tapping a tree for syrup . Sen. Marco Rubio , a Republican who sits on the Himes Committee , said Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union " that he ’s " not sure what it is ( Himes ) is talking about , Himes but added it ’s possible that " perhaps the President has information that is not yet available to us or to Sunday public . " Rubio pointed out that the Senate Intelligence Himes is already in the process of reviewing Russia ’s meddling in the US elections last year and it eventually issue a public report .   " But what I think we should do is , everybody needs to take a deep breath and calm the Senate Intelligence Committee the Florida Republican told CNN ’s Jake Tapper . " And let ’s go through this as what we are doing . In the Senate Intelligence Committee , we are working in a us way to collect facts that involve reviewing classified and sometimes unclassified and    information . " Sen. Susan Collins , also a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said Sunday morning that she has us seen no evidence " to back up Trump ’s us allegation and called on the White House to turn over any evidence to the committee . " What we need to deal with is evidence , not statements , the Senate Intelligence Committee said on CBS’ " Face the Nation . " Democratic leaders   Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said he believes Trump is " in trouble " whether there was a court order authorizing surveillance the Senate Intelligence Committee phones or " if he falsely spread this kind of misinformation . " " If he falsely spread this kind of misinformation , that is so wrong . Schumer . It is something that really hurts people Schumer view of government , " the New York Democrat said Sunday on " Meet the Press Schumer " " On the Schumer hand , if it ’s true , it ’s even he falsely spread this kind of misinformation means that this kind of misinformation probable cause that the president , or people on that staff The President probable cause to have broken the that or to have interacted with a foreign agent . Now that ’s serious stuff . " RELATED The President Graham vows to ’get to the bottom’ of Trump ’s wiretapping claims , Schumer said he had no it with the congressional intelligence committees including Trump ’s request in their investigation into Russian activity in the 2016 election , but he also used the call as Trump’s to reiterate Democrats’ calls for a special prosecutor to investigate connections the 2016 election campaign and Russian officials . 
 Schumer Schumer Trump the congressional intelligence committees including Trump’s request in their investigation into Russian activity in the 2016 election Russian 