  ( CNN ) The congressional boys of summer ditched partisan hardball for seven innings of healing Thursday at seven innings of healing annual baseball classic just 36 hours after a horrifying gun rampage at a Republican batting practice . " America the Beautiful " rang out across Nationals Park , an injured police officer who saved many lives on Wednesday threw out the opening pitch , and wounded GOP whip Steve Scalise was on everyone ’s mind . But after the last at bat of a night of rare unity in Washington , and a game the Democrats won    in seven innings , some were wondering just how long the political truce will last . If history , and the current state of polarized , angry politics , is any guide history, and the current state of polarized, angry politics, is any guide wo n’t be long , even with the best of hopes and intentions . With a special counsel narrowing in on the President , a contentious Obamacare repeal bill making Obamacare way through the Senate and a divisive budget and debt ceiling showdown looming , tensions are surely just on hold . And while rattled lawmakers and staffers on Capitol Hill instinctively drew together after the shooting , sitting together at the game , that does n’t mean their constituents and attack dogs in warring partisan media establishments will heed a moment of Beltway togetherness . Congressional baseball players : We must unite , " Congressional baseball players are dealing with a deeply entrenched , deeply ingrained system that has been perpetuated for a long time , so is it easy to change ? No . But can We , of course We can , We just have to have the will to do it , " Republican Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick told We ’s Phil Mattingly . Plenty of members of Congress , shocked at what happened Wednesday morning at baseball practice in suburban Alexandria , Virginia , and deeply concerned about their own safety are now talking about the need to conduct political debate in a more civil way . Many connected the shooting rampage to the fearsome tone of current political rhetoric , since the shooter , James Hodgkinson , from Illinois , left    screeds on    social media page . " The poisonous atmosphere in Washington and the polarization in our country causes warped , twisted minds to do terrible things , " Maine Sen. Susan Collins told CNN on Thursday . Arizona Republican Rep. Martha McSally said that the rhetoric in our country had reached such levels that civil debate was all but impossible . " Things are enflamed to such a hot point right now , " she Arizona Republican Rep. Martha McSally , bemoaning the " rhetoric , the hatred , the vitriol , the inability to have a discussion about sincerely held beliefs and debate them sincerely held beliefs not be disagreeable with each other . " But is there any real reason to believe anything will change ? After all , when normal politics resumes it will do so at one of the most contentious Washington moments in years . A new president , barely in office five months , could soon be under investigation by a special counsel Robert Mueller for obstruction of justice     and is furious about it . Should the investigation by a special counsel Robert Mueller for obstruction of justice     an impeachment drama , the nation will embark on the most traumatic national political process possible   —    considering whether to remove an elected President before his time an elected President   However that ends , it will the nation scars for years to come . Many people in the political world had quietly worried that violence was a lamentably possible extension of a presidential campaign in which Trump baited angry crowds and liberals ridiculed and insulted him . In a sign of how the political dialogue has deteriorated , it ’s the political dialogue normal for the President of the United States to spread obvious falsehoods , to brand the media the " enemy of the American people " and for his opponents the President of the United States openly call him a the President of the United States . Now , it seems , even something as quintessentially American as playing baseball might require members of Congress to take along a phalanx of armed guards . Some members are now talking about arming themselves at Some members events . GOP rep regrets heated rhetoric , will carry firearm , Far from easing , the bile had been rising in recent months , challenging the barriers of political taste and convention . For instance , there was a controversy in which comedian Kathy Griffin posed with photos of a severed head mask in the likeness of President Trump .   Amid Griffin outrage which comedian Kathy Griffin the left asks : What about Ted Nugent ? And even as he offered Ted Nugent videotaped message of unity at Thursday night ’s baseball game , Trump ’s President Trump out a fundraising email targeting Democrats . " After their    election a fundraising email targeting Democrats , all Democrats have done is OBSTRUCT President Trump President Trump the word ’RUSSIA’ until they ’re blue in the all Democrats , " the email read . " a fundraising email targeting Democrats sparked protests in the all Democrats , refused to approve White House nominees , destroyed our health care system , and used the media to spew vicious rhetoric against the President . " Democratic President Trump Nancy Pelosi earlier pushed back hard at suggestions by some conservatives that left wing rhetoric was to blame for Wednesday ’s attack . " I think that the comments made by my Republican colleagues are outrageous , beneath the dignity of the job that they hold , beneath the dignity of my Republican colleagues respect that we would like Congress to command , " she said . Later however , Pelosi Democratic House leader Nancy Pelosi in more conciliatory mood in Democratic House leader Nancy Pelosi joint interview with House Speaker Paul Ryan on CNN . Even the business of regular politics is laced with contention .   Senators may soon vote on a Republican health care bill that would repeal Obamacare , that opponents decry as ripping away coverage from the old , the sick and the poor . Emotions will run riot on both sides of the aisle . No one knows what the GOP health plan is , even Republicans , Before the fall , a new government funding crisis is expected which will fray tempers and will leave the good feelings of Thursday night a distant memory . And even as most of Washington avoided new battles Thursday out of deference to Scalise and the others injured , Trump was settling old scores , in a furious reaction to the widening scope of the Russia investigation . " Why is that Hillary Clinton ’s family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at , but Russia    are ? " Trump wrote on Twitter . All the Trump ’s tweets , But while it is undeniable that Trump has added a contentious new note Trump Washington politics     the blame is not his alone .   In many ways he is the culmination of fury and his that ’s been boiling for years , fueled by contentious elections , partisan meltdowns in Washington and a balkanized media sector which Washington serves to solidify extremes of opinion .    In one sign of the acrimony , one of the most outspoken Republican flamethrowers , Steve King of Iowa , returned to a familiar target when assigning blame for the outrage at the baseball diamond in Alexandria . " I do want to put some of this at the feet of Barack Obama , " the Iowa congressman said in an interview with Iowa Conway on WHO Iowa radio .   " He contributed mightily to dividing us . the Iowa congressman focused on our differences rather than the Iowa congressman things that us us . And us is some of us fruits of that labor . " King was an exception . But the idea that a single violent incident , like Wednesday ’s , could change the political climate has been expressed after tragedies before     and been shown to be empty hope . Things did n’t change after Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords was shot in 2011 at a political event in Tucson     though many people expressed hopes that they would . Back then , Obama many people a heart searing eulogy to a little girl ,    Green , who was just discovering a fascination with politics , but was killed at the Giffords event , hoping she was a political event in Tucson     rain puddles in heaven a little girl " " I want us to live up to her expectations , " Obama said . " I a little girl our democracy to Obama as good as she imagined us . " Everyone knows how that a little girl out our democracy But despite that , there are still some optimists . Mark Kelly , Giffords’ husband , told CNN ’s Kelly acrid political rhetoric had consequences but change was not impossible . " I think it can happen if people are really motivated to make it happen . it happened after what happened in Tucson for a little bit , " Kelly said . 
 