’   ’ ’    Sen. John McCain told MSNBC on Wednesday that Congress does not    have the " credibility " to conduct an independent investigation    into what connections , if any , President Donald Trump’ ’s campaign    had to Russian officials during the election . ’ "    Sen. John McCain comments came after House Intelligence Committee    chairman Devin Nunes made the highly unusual decision on    Wednesday to bypass his chairman Devin Nunes Rep. Adam Schiff , and brief       directly on a report he chairman Devin Nunes he chairman Devin Nunes been given that Trump ’s    transition team had been legally surveilled after the election . " ’    " This is a bizarre situation , " McCain told Greta van Susteren .    " I’’m calling for a select committee because I think this       shows that Congress no longer has the credibility    handle this alone . And I don’’t say that lightly . " ’ ’    McCain McCain not the first Republican senator to call for a special ,    bipartisan investigation into Trump’ ’s Russia ties . Sen. Lindsey    Graham said in February that he Graham be open to the Senate    " forming a Select Committee to look at all things related to    Russia Russia " ’ ’    Nunes , a California Republican , held a press conference after he Graham briefed Trump on Wednesday where he Graham to reporters that a    FISA ( Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ) warrant had been    obtained to monitor foreign agents on US soil , and that some of    Trump’ ’s associates had been caught up in surveillance    " incidentally . " ’ ’    The collection occurred on " numerous occasions , " he Graham , and was    not related to the FBI’ ’s investigation into Russian meddling in       year’ ’s presidential election . Some have questioned whether    Nunes , in appearing to confirm the existence of a FISA , disclosed    classified information . ’ "    Schiff held his   Schiff press conference afterward , expressing       over Nunes’ decision to bypass him   Schiff go straight to    Trump . " ’    " This is not the way an investigation should be conducted , "      Schiff . ’ ’    McCain said the episode " shows a tremendous chasm between the two    senior members of the House Intel Committee . " ’ ’    Trump , who tweeted over two weeks ago , without presenting    evidence , that President Barack Obama had had his phones President Barack Obama " wiretapped " at Trump Tower , told reporters on Wednesday that he    President Barack Obama " somewhat " vindicated by Nunes ’’ information . ’ ’    " I very much appreciated the fact that they found what they    they    " Trump said . " I somewhat do . " ’ "    Nunes said later , however , that he still   Nunes no evidence to    support    ’s Trump Obama had ever wiretapped him . " ’    " That did not happen . I’’ve said this for many , many weeks ,    including    day after , a couple days after , in front of the    press . That never happened , " Nunes said . ’ ’    When asked about Trump’ ’s comment , McCain told van Susteren that    he    " McCain long ago given up on trying to interpret the remarks    of the President of the United States . " ’ ’ ’ ’ . on    probe    " No longer does the Congress have credibility to handle this alone "   —   FTR ’ ’Sen . John McCain told McCain Wednesday that . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 