Tuesday after Sen. Bernie Sanders ( . ) won Sen. Bernie Sanders ( home state Democratic primary in Vermont by a large margin , Sen. Bernie Sanders ( gave a victory speech saying , " this campaign is not just about electing the president , this campaign is about transforming America . "   Sen. Bernie Sanders ( said , " this campaign is , I think all of you know , this this campaign not just about electing the president , it is this campaign transforming America . America is this campaign making our great country the nation that we know it has the potential to be . It is about dealing in unpleasant truths and having the guts to confront the untruths . It is about recognizing that in our state , we have our meetings and people come out , they argue people budgets , and then they vote people one person , one vote . In Vermont , billionaires do not buy town meetings , and in America , we are going to end a corrupt campaign finance system . We can disagree in a democracy , and that ’s what a democracy is about , but I hope all of us agree We we ’re We to not allow billionaires and their super all of us to destroy American democracy . In our state , you all know that we have our , many thousands of Vermonters working not just one job , they ’re many thousands of Vermonters two jobs , they ’re many thousands of Vermonters three jobs . And you all know that while our people are working so hard , almost all of the new wealth and income generated in America is going to the top 1 percent . " Well , together , what we are going to do is create an economy that works for all of us , we just the people on top , " he continued . " And together , we are we to end and reform a broken criminal justice system . This country , the wealthiest country in the history of the world , should not be having more people in jail than any other country on earth . That ’s wrong . So we are we to invest for our young we in education , in jobs , not jails or incarceration . Now , I know many of my Republican colleagues think that climate change is a hoax . Well , I believe that you do n’t develop real public policy unless you listen to the science and the science is clear . Together , we are going to transform our energy we away from fossil fuel to energy efficiency and sustainable energy . Now , I know that Secretary Clinton and many of the establishment people think that I am looking and thinking too big . I do n’t think so . So let me go on the record and say , as you have heard me say for years , health care is a right for all people . And let me also say that in the United States of America , when we talk about public education , it ’s not just first grade through twelfth . That has got to be expanded to make public colleges and universities tuition free . What I have said from day one in this campaign and I suspect many of you went down on the lake with me when you announced we that beautiful day . What I have said is that this campaign this campaign just about electing a president . " " It is about making a political revolution , " he added . What that revolution is a political revolution bringing millions of millions of people into the political process . Working people who have been so disillusioned , they no longer vote Working people who have been so disillusioned Young people have never been involved . The political revolution is a political revolution our people together . Black and white , Latino , Asian Americans , gay and straight . People born in America , people who have immigrated to America . When we bring our America together , our we our people allow the Donald our of the world to divide us up . When we bring our people together and our we our our people to stand our to the billionaire class and tell them they ca n’t have it all . our people our people government belongs to all of us , not just super pacs our wealthy campaign contributors . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 