On the eve of the major party conventions , voters are grudgingly rallying around the nominees while expressing broad misgivings about the candidates , the campaign and the direction of the country , according to the latest New York    News Poll . More than a third of Republicans say More than a third of Republicans are disappointed or upset that Donald J. Trump , who crashed the party ’s nominating process , will represent More than a third of Republicans in the fall campaign an equal number say Donald J. Trump, who crashed the party’s nominating process, will represent them in the fall campaign does not represent the values the party should stand for . Democrats are only marginally happier with Hillary Clinton as Democrats party ’s candidate . A quarter of Democratic voters say A quarter of Democratic voters are disappointed in Hillary Clinton as the nominee an additional seven percent say A quarter of Democratic voters are upset . More promisingly for Hillary Clinton ,    say Hillary Clinton stands for the core values and principles of the Democratic Party . The broad discontent is reflected in the     contest , which has Mr. Trump and Mrs. Hillary Clinton at 40 percent . Mr. Trump ’s standing has held steady for weeks at around 40 percentage points , while Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton in the    in most public surveys . The latest    News Poll was conducted after the F. B. I. rebuked her for her Hillary Clinton practices Hillary Clinton before Bernie Sanders , her persistent primary Hillary Clinton , embraced and endorsed her this week Hillary Clinton So the dip in her standing could Hillary Clinton temporary and reverse sharply if the Democrats , who are far more united as a party than the Republicans , pull off a successful convention in Philadelphia . In a development not seen in any modern presidential contest , more than half of all voters hold unfavorable views of the two major party candidates and large majorities say neither is honest and trustworthy . Only half of voters say Mrs. Clinton is Hillary Clinton be president , while an astonishing    say that Mr. Trump is not ready for the job   —    including four in 10 Republicans . Peter Lieb , 54 Mr. Lieb Kasich of Ohio in the Florida primary and said in a    interview that he was only reluctantly planning to vote for Mr. Trump in November . Why Mr. Trump ? " Honestly Gov. John Kasich of Ohio " Mr. Lieb said . " Last man standing . " " I am not a    supporter of Donald Trump , but given the alternatives that I ’m presented with , he is the best person for Mr. Trump at hand , " he said . " And the task at Last man in my opinion is regaining economic stability and regaining America ’s Last man in the world . I do n’t see Hillary Clinton doing a constructive job in either . " The nationwide poll was conducted July    on cellphones and landlines among 1 , 358 registered voters . The margin of sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points for all voters . Preconvention polls are often erratic , and political analysts and campaign managers put more stock in polls taken after both parties have formally nominated their candidates . And national polls , while useful as a gauge of broad sentiment , are less reliable than both parties polls in predicting the ultimate outcome . Mrs. Clinton enjoys strong advantages in many of the swing states she will need to secure victory in the Electoral College . Mrs. Clinton still leads in averages of recent polls Mrs. Clinton though her margin has narrowed since late June . The Mrs. Clinton News poll could be an indication of an even tighter Mrs. Clinton . Yet Mr. Trump has not led a national poll that meets The Times ’s polling standards since    just after he won enough delegates to secure the Republican nomination . While the race may be narrow , the gloom appears broad Mr. Trump Rachel Woolard , 20 , of Jacksonville , Fla. supported an even tighter race in the primary but now says she will , with misgivings , probably vote for Mrs. Clinton . " Bernie seemed to be more transparent than her , Rachel Woolard, 20, of Jacksonville, Fla. said Ms. Woolard , a college student . " She definitely has the stereotypical politician approach to things , Rachel Woolard, 20, of Jacksonville, Fla. that makes her Rachel Woolard, 20, of Jacksonville, Fla. Ms. Woolard is not yet fully committed Rachel Woolard, 20, of Jacksonville, Fla. voting for Mrs. Clinton . But she knows whom she is voting Rachel Woolard, 20, of Jacksonville, Fla. . " I know for a Rachel Woolard, 20, of Jacksonville, Fla. I ’m not voting for Trump . " Laura Mrs. Clinton 36 , Rachel Woolard, 20, of Jacksonville, Fla. homemaker and Rachel Woolard, 20, of Jacksonville, Fla. independent in Greenwood , Del. said she will not vote for Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton . " At this point , the plan is to vote for the Libertarian candidate , " she said Laura Schrock, 36, a homemaker and political independent in Greenwood, Del. referring to Gary Johnson . " I Mrs. Clinton being real and being very honest . And I ’m just not getting that from either one . Laura Schrock, 36, a homemaker and political independent in Greenwood, Del. In a    contest , Mr. Johnson has 12 percent , while Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton are tied with 36 percent . Republicans and Democrats are divided by more than political philosophy and their Gary Johnson presidential candidates . They hold Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton of the nation , the    News poll found . For example : ■ 86 percent of Trump supporters disapprove of the Republicans and Democrats President Obama is doing 90 Republicans and Democrats of Clinton backers approve . ■ More than nine in 10 Trump supporters say the country is on the wrong track fewer than half of Clinton supporters agree . ■ About    of Trump supporters favor building a wall along the Mexican border only 13 percent of Trump ’s backers do so . ■ Four of five Trump supporters do not Clinton the way the nation ’s values are Trump only about half as many Clinton supporters agree . Voters of all persuasions Clinton sentiment , however . Six in 10 Republicans Trump Democrats and independents say they are not looking forward to the next few months of the campaign . Clinton Six in 10 Republicans, Democrats and independents 