( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Some Republicans who deserted Donald Trump over Donald Trump lewd comments about women in a recording that surfaced last week are now doubling back , and Donald Trump campaign is keeping up the pressure on women to do so . Donald Trump ’s claimed that Donald Trump crude words have never turned into actions , but we spoke with two women who said Donald Trump touched them two women who said Mr. Trump touched them inappropriately . He Donald Trump the allegations . Mr. Donald Trump have fallen behind by double digits in some national surveys , but until today , he had Donald Trump the lead in one poll . Now it ’s clear why : one     black man in Illinois who was supporting him . Donald Trump unusual weight given to the man why: one    black man in Illinois who was supporting him allowed him to distort why: one    black man in Illinois who was supporting him polling averages . _ _ _ _ 2 . It ’s been eight years since Suleiman Abdullah Salim , above , was released from one of the C. I. A. ’s secret prisons in Afghanistan , where he was held Suleiman Abdullah Salim five years without charges . But the beatings and other harsh tactics he was subjected Suleiman Abdullah Salim in what he calls " Suleiman Abdullah Salim Darkness " continue to haunt him . Exactly Suleiman Abdullah Salim he was detained Suleiman Abdullah Salim murky , but he was eventually Suleiman Abdullah Salim not to be a terrorist threat . Now he ’s a Suleiman Abdullah Salim in a lawsuit against two C. I. A. contractors . " I want the people who did this to be judged , " he said . Suleiman Abdullah Salim _ _ _ 3 . Wells Fargo ’s embattled chief executive , John Stumpf , above , has abruptly decided to step down . The announcement comes just over a month after the bank was handed a $ 185 million fine for a    scandal in which employees opened fake accounts in clients’ names . Complaints about the fraudulent accounts date back 2005 . Mr. Stumpf will John Stumpf replaced by Timothy Sloan , the bank ’s president the bank officer . _ _ _ _ 4 . Samsung has not said what caused its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to Samsung fire , but it is expecting a $ 2 Samsung 3 billion loss from its decision to kill the model Samsung The full price the company will pay for the Samsung may be harder to quantify , however . Its response to the crisis has drawn Samsung for being overly " bureaucratic , " and the public ’s frustration was starting to show . One research company estimated that Samsung could lose more than $ 10 billion because of the phone ’s troubles . _ _ _ _ 5 . The Islamic State is using weaponized drones   —    including some models that you can buy on Amazon ( without the weapons ) which they attach explosives to . Two Kurdish fighters were killed in northern Iraq this month when a drone that they shot down blew up . The Two Kurdish fighters group had been known to use drones for surveillance , but that was believed to be the first time it successfully used one as a weapon The terror group kill troops . American advisers fear the group will expand its use of The terror group the fight for The terror group , and they say the Pentagon needs to do more American advisers counter the threat . _ _ _ _ 6 . In Russia , the military appears to be increasing its arsenal of inflatable tanks , jets and Russia launchers . The company that makes them also makes bouncy castles . Their use is part of a military strategy them called maskirovka , to mislead its enemies . The hope is that the Russia will draw attacks that might have otherwise hit real weapons systems . The inflatable tank costs about $ 16 , 000 . If you ’d also like fake tank tracks stamped in the ground , that device is sold separately . _ _ _ _ 7 . The parent of Snapchat has made its first big step toward making what may The parent of Snapchat the most eagerly awaited new internet stock offering since Twitter . It picked banks   —    Morgan Stanley The parent of Snapchat Goldman Sachs   —    to handle the offering , according to people briefed on the matter . Snap Inc. as the company recently renamed itself , was most recently valued by private the company at about $ 19 billion . _ _ _ _ 8 . One of our    stories is written by a woman who became addicted to Adderall as a college student and was n’t able to stop using it until she was 30 . The drug Adderall prescribed to treat Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder , but is often taking by students without a prescription who believe it will help them study . Very little The drug known about students drug ’s    effects . " In The drug , then , we are the walking experiment , " she writes . " Sometimes I think of she as Generation Adderall . " _ _ _ we 9 . Wonder Woman is about to embark on a she , but it ’s not in the pages of a comic book Generation Adderall She ’s being made the United Nations’ new honorary she for the empowerment of women and girls . The new title will become official at an event in New York on Oct. 21 , which is also the character ’s 75th anniversary . _ _ _ _ 10 . Could the Chicago Cubs , contenders for the National League Championship , go all the way ? The team last won the World Series when the last century was dawning , above , and tales of jinxes related to a dead goat that purported to explain those dark decades are floating around again . Jon Lester , the Cubs’ veteran ace , is n’t having any of it . " Nobody really cares in there about a curse or a goat or anything else , you know what I mean ? " he said . " It ’s almost better to play naïve and just go out and worry about us and not anything else or , like I said , any animals . " Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Your Evening Briefing Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 us 