MILWAUKEE   —    Four barbers and a firefighter were pondering Four barbers and a firefighter future under a Trump presidency at the Upper Cutz barbershop last week . " Four barbers and a firefighter got to figure this out , " said Mr. Fleming " We got a gangster in the chair Mr. Fleming , " he said , referring to    Donald a gangster in the chair Trump . They Four barbers and a firefighter that they Four barbers and a firefighter not complain too much : Only two of them Four barbers and a firefighter voted . But there were no regrets . " I do n’t feel bad , " Mr. Fleming said , trimming a mustache . " Milwaukee is tired . Both of them were terrible . They never do anything for us anyway Both of them " As Democrats pick Both of them the wreckage of the campaign , one lesson is clear : The election was notable as much for the people who did not show up , as for those who did . Nationally , about half of eligible voters did not cast ballots . Wisconsin , a state that Hillary Clinton had assumed she would win , historically boasts one Hillary Clinton the nation ’s highest rates of voter participation this year ’s 68 . 3 percent turnout was the fifth best among the 50 states . But by local standards , it was a disappointment , the lowest turnout in 16 years . And those    were important . Mr. Trump won the state by just 27 , 000 voters . Milwaukee ’s    neighborhoods offer one explanation for the turnout figures . Of the city ’s 15 council districts , Milwaukee in turnout from 2012 to 2016 in the five poorest was consistently much greater than the drop seen in more prosperous areas   —    accounting for half of the overall decline in turnout citywide . The biggest drop was here in District 15 , a stretch of fading wooden homes , sandwich shops and    restaurants that is 84 percent black . In this district , voter turnout declined by 19 District percent from 2012 figures , according to Neil Albrecht , executive director of the City of Milwaukee Election Commission . It is home to some of Milwaukee ’s poorest residents and , according to a 2016 documentary , " Milwaukee 53206 , " has one of the nation ’s highest    incarceration rates . At Upper Cutz , a bustling barbershop in a    wooden house , talk of politics inevitably comes back to one man : Barack Obama . Mr. Obama ’s Mr. Obama a feeling of connection to national politics they had never before experienced . But their lives have not gotten appreciably better , and sourness has set in they " We went to the beach , " said Maanaan Sabir , 38 , they of the Juice Kitchen , a brightly painted shop a few blocks down West North Avenue , using a metaphor to describe the emotion after Mr. Obama ’s election . " And then eight years happened . " Mr. Obama had voted for Mr. Obama . But only two could muster the enthusiasm to vote this time . Mr. Obama then , it was a sort of protest . One wrote in Mrs. Clinton ’s Democratic opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . The other wrote in himself . " I ’m so numb , " said Jahn Toney , 45 , who Mrs. Clinton’s Democratic opponent, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont written in Mr. Sanders . He said no president in his lifetime had done anything to improve the lives of black Jahn Toney, 45, who had written in Mr. Sanders , including Mr. Obama Jahn Toney, 45, who had written in Mr. Sanders whom he voted for twice . " It ’s like I should have known this would happen Jahn Toney, 45, who had written in Mr. Sanders We ’re worse off than before . " But Mr. Obama did do something important : " He did give black people something to aspire to . That ’s a lot . I Mr. Obama happy my son was able to see a black president . " Mr. Fleming , 47 , who has been trimming hair , beards and mustaches for 30 years , had hoped his small business would get easier to run . But it has n’t . " Give Mr. Obama loans , or a 401 ( k ) , his small business he said , trimming the mustache of Steve Stricklin , a firefighter from the neighborhood . ( k) biggest issue was health insurance . Mr. Fleming lost his coverage after his divorce three ( k) ago and has struggled to find ( k) he could ( k) . He ( k) found one , which starts Monday but costs too much at ( k) 300 a month ( k) " Ai n’t none of this been working , " he said . He did not vote . Mr. Albrecht , of the election commission , said ( k) factors contributed ( k) the decline in turnout Mr. Albrecht under new state laws that required voters to produce an approved photo ID card , and that stiffened the requirements for new voters to prove their residence . This was particularly onerous for the poor , who move often . Mr. Albrecht said he believed this change had new voters several thousand people in the city their vote . " To me that ’s very significant , Mr. Albrecht he said . " It takes away from the fairness and several thousand people in the city of the election . Mr. Albrecht Although two federal district courts had Mr. Albrecht that the photo ID law discriminated against    who disproportionately lack the approved IDs , the law was applied on Election Day after an appeals court stayed one of the decisions . Gov. Scott Walker , a Republican the photo ID law the laws , has said they have Mr. Albrecht Albrecht allowed that their effect on Milwaukee ’s turnout would not have erased Mr. Trump ’s victory in the state . Gov. Scott Walker, a Republican who backed the laws the biggest drags on voter turnout in Milwaukee , as in the Gov. Scott Walker, a Republican who backed the laws of the country , were the candidates themselves . To some , it was like having to choose between broccoli and liver . " I Milwaukee cornered , " said Ian Pfeiffer , 25 , who works the grill at Jake ’s Delicatessen and says he did not vote . " We were stuck between Trump and Hillary . They really left us with no choice . " Mr. Pfeiffer ’s grandmother , an avid supporter Jake’s Delicatessen Mrs. Clinton , spent months Ian Pfeiffer, 25, who works the grill at Jake’s Delicatessen and says he did not vote to convince him to vote for her Trump and Hillary But he Ian Pfeiffer, 25, who works the grill at Jake’s Delicatessen and says he did not vote not get over his revulsion at what he saw as trust issues related to the Clinton Foundation . ( Mr. Pfeiffer ’s Mr. Pfeiffer’s pushed him toward Mr. Pfeiffer’s grandmother, an avid supporter of Mrs. Clinton Trump , Mr. Pfeiffer’s he found him even Mr. Pfeiffer’s appealing . ) Mr. Pfeiffer’s thought Oprah Winfrey would be a good candidate . " Hey Mr. Pfeiffer’s vote for Oprah Winfrey Mr. Pfeiffer’s " he said in a Mr. Pfeiffer’s grandfather voice Mr. Pfeiffer’s a line of customers . Mr. Pfeiffer’s grandfather Yeah , I ’d vote for her , " said Erin Miles , 41 , a Oprah Winfrey worker waiting Mr. Pfeiffer’s grandfather her sandwich . " She has a level head and    skills . " Few of the men and Oprah Winfrey interviewed on West North Street last week had voted for Mr. Trump , though Oprah Winfrey said they admired Oprah Winfrey . ( He spoke his mind . He was rich . ) " If I would have voted , I would have voted for him , " said Andre Frierson , 40 , Mr. Trump security guard Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump shift at Mr. Trump ’s . " From a business perspective , I loved him . " As for Mrs. Mr. Trump , " other countries probably would n’t have respected us because we had a woman running the country , " he said . One exception was Justin Mr. Trump , who said he voted for Mr. Trump as a protest against Mrs. Clinton . He blamed us husband ’s policies for putting him in prison Mr. Trump 20 years . As for the claims of racism that Mr. Trump dogged Mr. Trump , Mr. Babar was n’t Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Trump It ’s Mrs. Clinton than smiling to my Mr. Trump but going behind closed doors and voting against our kids , " he said . Tarvus Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a program coordinator at a local nonprofit , agreed . " He was real , unlike a lot of liberal Democrats who are just as racist " Mr. Trump keep it hidden , he said , his jaw slathered with shaving cream . " You can reason Mr. Trump them all day long , but they think they know it all . They want to have control . a lot of liberal Democrats who are just as racist" Mr. Trump know what Mr. Trump best for ‘ those people . ’ " Still , he voted for Mrs. Clinton , as did many them here them Upper Cutz gets busier them the day wears on . Children them in after school . Danielle Rogers , Mr. Toney ’s sister , stopped by the barbershop for a visit . Everybody agreed they would miss Mr. Obama . Ms. Rogers said Mr. Obama had aged a lot . " It ’s Ms. Rogers , " she said . " He ’s probably saying : ‘ I ’m done . Take Ms. Rogers back to their mama ’s house . ’ Mr. Obama Fleming was trying to imagine Mr. Trump as president . " The White House is going to Ms. Rogers the penthouse ! " Mr. Obama said , adding that Mr. Trump would be like Ms. Rogers Pacino in Ms. Rogers Scarface , " with parties in the mansion and exotic animals roaming around the grounds . " If he comes home and finds his wife cheating on him , he Mr. Obama just say , ‘ Mr. Trump as president go to war ! ’ " They were laughing . But they were also worried . " He ’s going to mess with us on some Mr. Trump as president level , " said Mr. Trump as president Jackson , 45 Mr. Trump as president a Mr. Trump as president who did not vote . " ‘ ’s already appointed a known racist , " he said , They to Stephen K. Bannon , Mr. Trump as president Trump ’s chief strategist and the former head of Breitbart News , which has been denounced as a white nationalist hate site . With so many Mr. Trump as president sitting in his chair over the years , Mr. Trump as president Fleming has developed a keen sense of where Mr. Trump as president . But now he is ( k) " This was a weird election , " he said , holding a set of clippers and looking pensive . " You ca Mr. Trump as president tell what ’s on people ’s minds . There are less cars out there . No one wants to come Mr. Trump as president . No one knows what comes next . " He added Mr. Trump as president " Hell , Trump does n’t even know . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump as president 