  ( CNN ) Nationally syndicated radio host Glenn Beck said Tuesday that the    movement is " truly terrifying , " adding that while leading Breitbart News , Stephen Bannon gave a voice to white nationalists .   " Stephen Bannon has given a voice and power to that group of people , " Nationally syndicated radio host Glenn Beck told Anderson Cooper on " AC360 . " " You do n’t empower people like that . You just do n’t . It ’s not smart . " The    movement has been accused of white nationalism , racism , misogyny and   . In July , Bannon told Mother Jones that Bannon site had become " the platform for the   . " Nationally syndicated radio host Glenn Beck refused to say whether Donald Trump should rescind Bannon appointment as the chief strategist and senior counselor within his Donald Trump .   " We have to have a discussion aside from politics about this small group of people and how this European and really    nationalism is seeping into our country , " Nationally syndicated radio host Glenn Beck said .   Nationally syndicated radio host Glenn Beck believes the majority of Trump voters are not part of the    movement , but says " they the majority of Trump voters being influenced without knowing it . " " I just saw a new study today that said 5 % of people who voted for Donald Trump there were some disturbing things said in the media , but they did people who voted for Donald Trump believe them , a new study today that said 5% of people who voted for Donald Trump said there were some disturbing things said in the media Nationally syndicated radio host Glenn Beck said . " If they would a new study today that said 5% of people who voted for Donald Trump said there were some disturbing things said in the media believed them , a new study today that said 5% of people who voted for Donald Trump said there were some disturbing things said in the media would a new study today that said 5% of people who voted for Donald Trump said there were some disturbing things said in the media voted for Hillary Clinton or against Donald Trump Trump have this lack of transparency , honesty , integrity and this message about the    must be heard by the conservatives . They must take the conservatives seriously . " 
 