LOS ANGELES , California   —    Thousands of    protesters marched downtown Wednesday night and blocked traffic on the 101 Freeway to show Thousands of   protesters displeasure at Donald Trump ’s election as President of the United States . [ " This is not something you would ever see in L. A. , " said the CBS Los Angeles reporter on the scene .   The Los Angeles protest is just one of many around the country in major cities . Earlier Wednesday , in the wee hours of the morning , riots broke out in several West Coast cities , and on college campuses , as Hillary Clinton supporters struggled to deal with the election result . In Hillary Clinton concession speech on Wednesday morning in New York   —    delayed from the night before , when Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta appeared to reject defeat   — Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton to accept the election result the election result seen that our nation is more deeply America we thought . But I We believe in America and I always will . And if you do , then we must accept this result and then look the election result future . Donald Trump is going to be our president . We owe him an open mind and our chance Donald Trump lead . Our constitutional democracy enshrines the peaceful transfer our power and we do n’t just respect that , our cherish it . It also enshrines our things the rule it law , the principle that we are all equal in rights and dignity , freedom of worship and expression . We respect and cherish these values too our we must defend them . CBS Los our reports that these values evening ’s protests are still " mostly peaceful , " though they involved vandalism . The 101 Freeway Wednesday evening’s protests a major    artery connecting downtown Los Angeles to Ventura via the San Fernando Valley . Photo credit : @4n0nc47    Twitter , Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Regnery 