  ( CNN ) US intelligence agencies released on Friday an alarming report about a hostile foreign country ’s efforts to subvert America ’s system of government , and the incoming president does not seem to understand the danger of the situation . In a    document , America ’s top intelligence experts declared that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the US presidential election . " Russia America goals , " they America , " were to undermine public faith in the US democratic process , denigrate Secretary Clinton , and harm her Secretary Clinton . "   This is an extraordinary accusation , and the intelligence chiefs are fully aware of that . It This not a      spying operation : It This a plot aimed at corroding the foundation of America ’s system of government and     as the report puts it the report upending " the    liberal democratic order . " That means that Russia ’s objectives , despite Trump ’s victory , have not been fully achieved .    If that were not enough reason for alarm , Trump Trump shows he either Trump n’t comprehend the seriousness of the matter , he does Trump care or , perhaps , as some have suggested , he ’s Trump committed to America ’s democracy . In fact , it seems that the    is only able to view the issue through his   Trump Somehow , he can Trump look beyond the impact this has on his image Trump the winner of the election . That    view is in sharp contrast with Republicans ( and Democrats ) in Congress who have managed to rise above partisanship to face up to what has just happened . While Republican Sen. John McCain called Russia ’s actions   " an act of war , " and House Speaker Paul Ryan , also a Republican , acknowledged   that Russia " Russia tried to meddle in our political system , " Trump is caught in his solipsistic Trump of mirrors .   Just before receiving a classified briefing on the intelligence , the    gave a telephone interview to The New York Times in which he belittled the significance what occurred and called the commotion surrounding the findings of Russia ’s hacking and other activities a political witch hunt by Democrats embarrassed by their election Democrats .   After he was he by the intelligence chiefs , he accepted he possibility of a Russian hack , but grudgingly and with no appearance that he grasped he magnitude and significance of what occurred . He released he statement saying he and he intelligence briefers had a " constructive meeting , " but his statement he principal thrust was the claim that , " there was absolutely no effect on the [ election ] outcome whatsoever , " and no tampering with voting machines . Huh ? Clearly , Trump misses the point . This is not about him it Trump about protecting the country he has Trump elected to govern from an active and deliberate threat . In his statement Trump vowed to Trump tough on hacking from various countries , but did not indicate he viewed Russia Trump the culprit in the election interference operation . The Russian interference campaign , as it happens , was not just hacking , even if actions by Russian and    Russian played a major part in the operation . the election interference operation activities Russia which we have seen targeting other Western democracies     included a vast array of techniques .   Hacking the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign chief John Podesta ’s emails were important elements of the Russian efforts . The report shows how the hack was carried out and how the documents were handed to WikiLeaks for dissemination . " Moscow ’s influence campaign , " as the intelligence report calls The report a variety of The report , including covert cyberactivity by Russian intelligence operatives , along with " with overt    media ,    intermediaries , and paid social    users or ’trolls’ . "   And there was Trump himself , who peddled the material to his followers , making it sound Trump if the hacks the material truly explosive information .   All those Clinton emails , in fact , were the least of it . Few people read them the material but many people believed All those Clinton emails claim that they contained great and horrifying secrets many people    The greater effort was in painting Clinton as unfit to lead . Clinton , as we wrote months ago and as US intelligence experts concluded , " developed a clear preference " for Trump over Clinton . When he thought Clinton Clinton win despite Putin ’s Clinton effort to cast doubt on her , the plan shifted to Clinton the credibility of the election .   The report says    government bloggers were all set to launch a # DemocracyRIP campaign after a Clinton win , to undercut the Clinton ’s credibility . Curiously the election also strongly suggested that if he lost it would be because of fraud Trump Putin made a big push to help Trump Trump . He deployed his " news Trump agencies , Trump and Trump , along with a vast social media machine to promote false accusations that Clinton was corrupt , ill , mentally unstable and linked to Islamist groups . As it happens , Trump did the same , promoting precisely that Trump description of his rival , all the way to electoral Trump .   The looming question is what , if anything , Trump will do to stop this Russian assault Trump democracy . Will he carry on his plan to repair relations Trump the Kremlin Trump taking any action ? Will he lift the modest sanctions just imposed by Trump Barack Obama ? Trump concluded his statement today saying , " Trump ’s Trump and security will be my number one priority . " What is not clear is whether American democracy is also a priority . The    is playing a risky game by downplaying this matter and resisting the intelligence community ’s conclusions . Even before he takes office , the issue has already Trump a rift with fellow Republicans , and it has raised piercing questions that he can the issue afford to ignore .   Trump Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer said , Trump ’s continued   denial of Russia ’s intervention in the election , " would raise questions about where his sympathies truly lie . " 
 Trump 