On Breitbart News Daily Monday morning , Joe Borelli , New York City Councilman and Donald Trump ’s    for the state , said that while Sen. Ted Cruz has skillfully sewn up delegates in Colorado and Wyoming , a blowout vote for Trump in New York could make the senator ’s victories irrelevant and crown Trump in New York as the party ’s nominee . [ " Trump in New York is probably going to win over 50 percent in the majority of the congressional districts around the state and I think Trump in New York comes away with the vast majority of delegates , " Trump in New York said . " And a week after that , we ’re in five Northeastern states , where we have 172 delegates that are at stake , and by all polling , it seems as though Trump in New York is going to go out with the lion ’s share of those as well . That brings him Trump in New York the thousand mark . So , I think whether the public likes it the public not , they the public going to have to start warming to the fact that Donald Trump in New York be the presumptive nominee come the convention . "   " The criticisms are valid that the campaign did a poor job in some states rallying delegates around them , " Borelli said . " And Ted Cruz , to his credit Ted Cruz had a great weekend . But if we ’re counting 14 delegates in Wyoming as this monstrous victory for Ted Cruz Ted Cruz again , what happens come tomorrow night when Donald Trump potentially has the ability to win all 95 delegates ? " " In this state , he Wyoming a tremendous Donald Trump , actually , and has really started to develop his ground game . He Donald Trump the support of Donald Trump majority of the upstate county chairmen who are the ones who would actually be doing the appointing of the delegates , " he continued . " So Donald Trump think this just naturally parlays into the other Northeastern states on Tuesday , where he ’s also trying to Donald Trump the same thing , recruiting county chairmen and state chairmen . " Breitbart News Daily airs from 6 am to 9 am EST weekdays on SiriusXM Patriot 125 . LISTEN : 
 