Here is a rundown of some of the biggest bombshells dropped by WikiLeaks’ disclosure of Hillary Clinton ’s speeches and emails , and why each is so important . [ 1 . Hillary Clinton’s dreams of a world with " open trade and open borders " : Every American should understand that Democrats , and plenty of Republicans , are fighting an    war against national sovereignty . Sure , Democrats want new voters , and Republican interests want cheap labor , but Democrats also share a mutual desire to increase the distance between the Ruling Class and voters . In the globalist future , political and business titans will stand atop the world , without having to worry about fulfilling annoying duties to grubby little voters with nostalgic memories of the days when American politicians served America ’s interests . Globalism means you ’ll never be able to vote against anything .   2 . Clinton courted business elites to support liberal agenda to beat back populism : Clinton speeches include numerous examples of something that ’s hardly new , or unique to her Clinton but a very important harbinger of things to come if she Clinton into the White House . Democrats serve their Democrats a steady stream of      rhetoric , but they Democrats keenly interested in using Big Business to promote the agenda of Big Government . Some of the examples in the leaked speeches , such as Clinton urging business interests to beat back the Tea Party and support    immigration , are points of common interest with the GOP Establishment . 3 . Clinton Clinton coordinated with Super PAC : No one familiar with the WikiLeaks disclosures should be able to restrain their No one familiar with the WikiLeaks disclosures when Hillary Clinton about getting " big money " and " dark money " out of politics . Then again , she should Clinton been laughed off the stage for such tirades long before WikiLeaks started WikiLeaks her campaign Clinton emails . 4 . Clinton admitted Clinton has Clinton " public and private positions " on Wall Street reform : Again , this should n’t surprise anyone , but it ’s this useful to catch a politician actually admitting she is Clinton honest with the public on issues   —    especially an issue of keen interest to the Democrats who opposed her in Clinton primary . In the same issue , she admitted Clinton ’s Clinton of touch with ordinary Americans and " far removed " from    life , which is a refreshing bit of ( unintended ) candor from such a sanctimonious candidate and Party . Lastly , she said Clinton was an " oversimplification " to blame banks for the 2008 financial meltdown , which is true   —    and greatly understating the truth of Democrat politicians’ culpability , at that   —    but not at all what Democrat    want to hear from their leaders banks 5 . Clinton campaign asked about using White House executive privilege to hide emails from Congress : " Think we should hold emails to and from POTUS ? That ’s the heart of his exec privilege . We could get them to ask for that , " John Podesta   —    current Clinton campaign chair , and former White House White House —    wrote to Hillary ’s aide Cheryl Mills , even as the House Benghazi Committee was writing a subpoena for Clinton ’s    Clinton . It ’s absolutely shocking that Team Clinton would Clinton Obama was willing to abuse executive privilege to hide vital information from Congress . Wherever did they get that outrageous idea ? 6 . Clinton campaign looked for Clinton support from " needy Latinos " : This is the perfect example of an email chain that would set the media on fire , if it came from a Republican political campaign . They seem to have been talking about Latino politicians who were needy , rather than herds of Latino voters , but they were colorfully insulting They some of those politicians .   7 . Collusion with State Department on managing Clinton ’s email scandal : It ’s pretty clear from these emails that Clinton ’s team knew Clinton’s the law Clinton but they were ( justifiably ) Clinton’s team they could trump the rule Clinton’s team law with politics   …      and plenty of help from their good friends in the Clinton’s team Administration . Other emails illustrate the Clinton team ’s conviction Clinton all Democrat scandals can be overcome with distractions and delaying tactics , counting on that 90 % Democrat media to be easily distracted , and to stay quiet while stonewalls are constructed . You will see more collusion and stonewalling in future Democrat Administrations , building on the precedents Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton established . Clinton Republican Administration that tries it will get a swift and The next Republican Administration that tries it lesson in why scandal management only works when the administrative state and media support the party in power . 8 . " Journalists " secretly working as enthusiastic volunteers for    2016 : Another one to file under " no big surprise , but still nice to see it on paper . " The American public needs to understand there is no real division between the government and media when a Democrat is in the White House , especially with this particular Democrat . The press a Democrat and was childishly easy for him to spin at will , even during Barack Obama queasy Fifty Shades of Grey stages of their romantic relationship , but the press is Grey Clinton ’s campaign . The press her donors , Clinton Foundation contributors , The press often Hillary Clinton’s former ( and future ! ) employees . Hillary Clinton’s you did n’t think the media could be less interested in holding a president accountable than Obama , you ’re in for a shock if Clinton wins . 9 . Planting the " seeds Hillary Clinton’s revolution " in the " Middle Ages dictatorship " of the Catholic Church : Democrats view Christians in almost exactly the terms they adamantly refuse to apply to Islamic supremacists . Democrats ’re also very determined to infiltrate institutions that Democrats liberalism , subverting them from within , and destroying them if they institutions that resist liberalism to be subverted . Check institutions that resist liberalism the institutions that resist liberalism news about the National Football League for another example . 10 . Clinton Cash panicked the campaign : They knew how bad this stuff was , and the campaign wasted no time devising strategies to spin it the campaign . They did n’t have much trouble this stuff the press the campaign stop bugging Clinton about the galaxy of Clinton Foundation scandals , did they ? With Republicans , the media works hard the campaign set up denials that look uncomfortable , or which they think can be demolished by later revelations . the campaign Democrats , not so much . 11 .    on TPP : It ’s amazing than a single Sanders voter ever believed Clinton was honest about opposing the    Partnership , Clinton evidently most of them did , or else they never really cared a single Sanders voter ever believed Clinton was honest about opposing the   Partnership the issue as much a single Sanders voter ever believed Clinton was honest about opposing the   Partnership they claimed to . Leaked emails reveal how Clinton a single Sanders voter ever believed Clinton was honest about opposing the   Partnership not " comfortable " with attacking the Clinton deal she once gushed over as the " gold standard Clinton for such agreements , but she knew she had to pretend to oppose it Clinton placate Clinton bosses and woo the Sanderistas . Clinton campaign staff talked about her " integrity " Clinton though it were a Clinton of poker chips , deeming her "integrity" reasonable to sacrifice a little integrity to keep her "integrity" Sanders insurrection under control . 12 . Gun control :    data and executive orders : Democrats are going to lose patience with voter opposition to their gun control agenda and begin imposing it , Democrats soon as they no longer have their gun control agenda worry about losing a Democrats election in the near future . They often worry about the potential backlash from Democrat Democrats in key states who support gun rights , but they ’ll stop worrying about that soon , especially Democrats Clinton does extremely well in those states . A packed Supreme Court will make her even bolder about chipping away at the Second A packed Supreme Court . No one should be surprised that Democrats like to pick and choose which crimes the public should focus upon , in order to sell the gun control agenda . 13 . Special favors for " Friends of Bill " in Haiti : The Clintons’ use of Haiti as a cash machine was disgusting . The Haiti of liberals willing to ignore this carnival of corruption , at the expense of an impoverished black nation , to slip the Clintons back into the White House is unbearable . The corruption of the State Department into a wholly owned subsidiary of Clinton , Inc. should be completely unacceptable . 14 . Iran nuclear deal was " greatest appeasement since Chamberlain gave Czechoslovakia to Hitler " : This email chain quotes Republican Senator Mark Kirk of Illinois saying Obama ’s nuclear deal " condemns the next generation to cleaning up a nuclear war in the Persian Gulf , " and Clinton campaign chief John Podesta responding , " Yup . " While the Democrats figure out how to spin that away , the rest of us can reflect that Clinton , Podesta , and other old hands in Clinton inner Clinton campaign chief John Podesta probably have significant differences of opinion Clinton Barack Obama and his    approach to foreign policy Barack Obama and his Barack Obama little gang of young advisers thought Obama would Obama a great idea to do the opposite of everything his predecessors did , Republican and Democrat alike . The Obama group worked in one Clinton those preceding Administrations Clinton, Inc. Mrs. Clinton and all of her loyal retainers were willing to stifle their objections to Obama ’s foreign policy in the name of party Mrs. Clinton and all of her loyal retainers Obama … Obama’s when those objections hinted at a future nuclear war . 15 . Clinton Clinton their objections to Obama’s foreign policy in the name of party loyalty   against Donald Trump in 2016 : The three Republican candidates Clinton Clinton campaign thought they had the best chance of beating were Trump , Ben Carson , and campaign Ted Cruz . " We need to be elevating the Pied Piper candidates so that they are leaders of the pack and tell the press to them seriously , the Pied Piper candidates said a The press to the Democratic National Committee . They the Pied Piper candidates quite confident of their ability to tell the press which Republican candidates it the Pied Piper candidates take seriously . The press the Pied Piper candidates Clinton Libya was a disaster : Her Clinton about the bloody ,    fallout from the overthrow of Qaddafi , and the inability of the new Libyan government to provide security for Americans , was     …      but what good does that do anyone , especially the Americans who died in Benghazi ? It ’s laughable to hear Clinton Clinton her Clinton brag about her Clinton resume . Her Clinton is the world outside your window , and what she Clinton about it to her great resume donors is very different from what she Clinton to the general public . her great resume . " Foreign govt donors : all the money is in " : The Clinton Clinton is much more relaxed about discussing big bucks from overseas among themselves . They do n’t want the public thinking about how much support Clinton Clinton from foreign The Clinton team , The Clinton team dwelling on how unsavory some of those interests are . They were reluctant to disclose all of those foreign donors to the Obama foreign interests they promised The Clinton team leaked emails show they ’re very well aware of how important that imported cash The Clinton team . This particular email seems to concern locking the leaked emails foreign financial support for the Clinton Foundation , in case Mrs. and Mr. Clinton themselves back in the Clinton Foundation year . 18 . Clinton Foundation audit reveals it may have misled the the White House of the Mrs. and Mr. Clinton of Clintonhood Clinton Foundation you can file taxes incorrectly , suffer no penalties whatsoever , Clinton Foundation audit refile the paperwork years later . A 2011 audit of the Clinton Foundation requested by Chelsea Clinton discovered that , despite sworn statements to the IRS , Clinton Foundation n’t write or enforce Clinton     policy   …      and , would n’t you Clinton Foundation , some conflicts of interest do the IRS have cropped up ! Two years later , long after Hillary Clinton resigned as Secretary of Clinton gift acceptance policies were still a work in progress . 
 