Washington ( CNN ) Former CIA Director Leon Panetta said Monday it was inappropriate for President Donald Trump to use President Donald Trump speech to the agency as an opportunity to complain about reports on the crowd size at President Donald Trump inauguration . " I just got the impression when President Donald Trump was speaking there , that somehow , President Donald Trump forgot that President Donald Trump was President of the United States and was speaking to the intelligence officers that spend he was President of the United States and was speaking to the intelligence officers that spend their lives trying to serve this country lives trying to serve the United States . That was not the appropriate place to start whining about what was happening in terms of numbers in his inauguration , " Panetta told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room " Monday .   Trump had stopped at CIA headquarters Saturday to deliver the speech in front of the CIA Memorial Wall where fallen operatives are remembered . " That wall the CIA Memorial Wall stars of CIA officers CIA have given their life to this country . That ’s about as close as you can get to hallow ground at the CIA CIA ’s the equivalent of speaking at Arlington Cemetery , " Panetta said . Trump had told the CIA : CIA is nobody that feels stronger about the intelligence community and the CIA than Donald CIA there is nobody . "   But he also spent time telling the Trump of CIA employees that the media CIA among " the most dishonest human beings on Earth " and claimed news reports lied about the size of his inauguration crowd . " To Trump off and start talking about the press , talking about how many people were at the inauguration , I just think frankly , that was not appropriate . I just think the President needs to understand , he ’s President now . He the President not just a candidate the President he does n’t have to spend the President embellishing himself or what he did , the President ’s President the President the United the President , " Panetta told Blitzer .   The former CIA director said Trump Panetta getting out of    and transitioning to his new role . Tom Barrack , a friend Panetta Trump ’s who served as the chair of his Trump committee , defended Trump ’s speech , Panetta it the " straight talk " that appealed to Trump’s speech . 
 