’   ’ "    Although crime across the US remains at an    low , the    murder rate is expected to jump 13 %   —    and the   murder rate ’s fueled largely by    Chicago , a new   found . " ’    Chicago is an outlier , and is the only one expected to see major    increases in both violent crime and murder . The causes are hard    to discern , but the report mentions poverty , gang violence , and    fewer police officers as preliminary theories . ’ ’      ’ ’    Chicago officials have made multiple attempts in recent years to       its    murder rate ,   and using   when and where crimes are likely to       place . Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced earlier this month that    the city   to tackle the    murder rate . ’ "    None of the tactics have had noticeable success , leaving the   the city  to tackle the   murder rate responsible for much of the country ’s 31 . 5 % hike in murders    between 2014 and 2016 , according to the report . " ’    " There is no evidence of a national murder wave , " the report    said . " No other large   the city  to tackle the   murder rate see a comparable    increase in violence . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Violent crime across the country , too , is the country rise by    5 . 5 % . But the report found half the increase is the report Chicago    and Los Angeles . ’ ’    The national crime rate has been dragged into the presidential    campaigns , becoming a hotly disputed topic between Republicans    and Democrats . GOP nominee Donald Trump has repeatedly said crime    is " " and offered himself up as the " law and order GOP nominee Donald Trump    candidate . ’ ’    But the Brennan Center’ ’s report refutes   that "    is reaching record levels . " The report declares violent crime to    be the Brennan Center’’s report the bottom " of a    downward trend across the    country . ’ ’    " The data do call attention to specific cities , especially    Chicago , and an urgent need to address violence there , " the    report said . ’ 
 the Brennan Center’’s report 