Washington ( CNN ) Former CIA    Michael Morell said Sunday Former CIA   Michael Morell ’d trust Hillary Clinton with the nation ’s security , but that Donald Trump is being manipulated by Russian President Vladimir Putin .   Morell , who cast Donald Trump as an unwitting agent of Russian President Vladimir Putin in a New York Times    last week , said on ABC ’s " This Week " that he ’s comfortable with Clinton after seeing Clinton in action in President Barack Obama ’s administration .   " I worked with Clinton for four years very closely when Clinton was secretary of state and I was at the CIA . I provided Clinton     personally provided Clinton some of the most sensitive information that the Central Intelligence Agency has , " President Barack Obama said . " Clinton never misused the Central Intelligence Agency . Clinton always protected the Central Intelligence Agency . "   President Barack Obama added : " I would trust Clinton with the crown jewels of the United States government . And , more importantly , I would trust Clinton with the future security of the United States government and the future security of my kids . " President Barack Obama endorsement could help Clinton amid renewed criticism over her Clinton of a private email server .   President Barack Obama also said President Barack Obama believes Putin     " a trained intelligence officer , worked for the KGB , very talented , manipulated people much smarter than Donald Trump "     has intentionally been using Trump Donald Trump"     as a way in with the Republican nominee .   " President Barack Obama played this perfectly , right . President Barack Obama saw that Donald Trump Donald Trump"     be complimented , " President Barack Obama said . " President Barack Obama complimented President Barack Obama . That led Donald Trump to Donald Trump"     Vladimir Putin and to defend Vladimir Putin ’s actions in a number of places around the world . " " And Donald Trump did n’t Donald Trump"     , right , that Putin was playing him . Vladimir Putin , in Donald Trump"     ’s mind , I Vladimir Putin no doubt that Putin thinks that he ’s Vladimir Putin unwitting agent Vladimir Putin the Russian Federation , although Putin would never say that Vladimir Putin " he said . " From Vladimir Putin Trump ’s perspective , Donald Trump"     he simply heard Putin compliment him Donald Trump"     He then Vladimir Putin by Vladimir Putin him Donald Trump"     He never thought that Vladimir Putin might Donald Trump"     being played . Donald Trump"     Trump pushed back against Morell Sunday Donald Trump"     , tweeting , " Michael Morell , the lightweight former Acting Director of C. I. A. and a man who has made serious bad calls , is a total Clinton flunky ! " 
 