  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton shimmied Hillary Clinton way through an interview on " Ellen " Thursday , breaking out Hillary Clinton signature move from the first presidential debate and recounting how it played out during that contest . " Does everyone do that to you now ? " asked host Ellen DeGeneres . " Yeah , I like it . I did n’t even know I was doing it , " Hillary Clinton said in an interview scheduled to air Friday . " I knew that I said , ’Woo!’ I knew that , but I did n’t know that I did the little shimmy to go along with ’Woo!’ . And then afterwards I saw ’Woo!’ and now people are always saying , ’do the shimmy , do the shimmy,’ you know ? " Hillary Clinton also revealed what it was like sharing the stage with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump during the more recent debate last Sunday , joking that Trump would " literally stalk me around the stage . " " My opponent , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , was going to try to dominate the space almost to the exclusion of the people who were sitting there . I mean , they the people who were sitting there sitting there so that we could talk to them the people who were sitting there " the former Secretary of State said .   " And because of the revelation of the public video and everything that came out on ’Access Hollywood,’ he was really all wrought up and you could just sense how much anger he he . And , so he he really trying to dominate and then literally stalk me around the stage , and I would just feel this presence behind me he And I thought , ’whoa this is really weird’     so I was just trying to stay focused . " Clinton explained that it was frustrating debating the real estate mogul both because of the distraction from policy issues created by the release of the ’Access Hollywood’ tape , and because of the difficulty of    an opponent she Clinton " is consistently spewing falsehoods . " " It ’s frustrating , I feel such a sense of obligation to people . Everybody makes mistakes , do n’t get me wrong , I obviously have made more than my share , but to run against somebody and debate somebody who is consistently just spewing falsehoods , " she Clinton .   The Clinton reacted to a speech on her behalf on Thursday Clinton current first lady Michelle Obama , who tore into Trump over allegations of sexual assault in addition to his sexually aggressive comments Clinton the leaked tape .   " The speech that she gave , I Clinton put into words what so many people are feeling , " Clinton said . " Clinton not just women and girls , men and boys . In another part of her speech , she Clinton , ’this Clinton not the way men in my house talk.’ And that ’s what I have been hearing from men the last several days . " 
 