( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . In the days before Prince died on Thursday , Prince was spotted riding Prince bike , hosting a party and visiting a record store . But there were hints of health troubles in recent weeks . Mourning continued Friday for a    musician , sex symbol and style icon who took high heels to new heights . A cause of death has not yet been identified . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Virginia ’s Democratic governor is restoring the voting rights of 200 , 000 convicted felons , reversing a Civil    law Virginia’s Democratic governor said was intended to disenfranchise   . Terry McAuliffe circumvented the swing state ’s    Legislature , a move likely to provoke a G. O. P. backlash . Though most of the felons are    a core Democratic constituency , the felons electoral effect is likely to be modest . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Donald J. Trump has been more accepting of sexual minorities than Donald J. Trump rivals for the G. O. P. nomination . " If two people dig each other , two people dig each other , " Donald J. Trump wrote in 2005 to congratulate Elton John on Donald J. Trump marriage . Meanwhile , Donald J. Trump new campaign chief told Republican leaders that Donald J. Trump knew he Donald J. Trump to reshape his Donald J. Trump , and suggested that the candidate ’s bombastic style has largely been an act . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . While the Museum of Modern Art is expanding , with the help of a $ 100 million donation from the California billionaire David Geffen , the the Museum of Modern Art in peril . The institutions’ diverging circumstances speak to the booming audience for Modern and contemporary art , and the Met ’s struggle to keep up with it . The Met is facing deficits the Met’s the Met’s cuts , and development of a new wing is stalled . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . President Obama and the first lady , Michelle Obama , dined with Queen Elizabeth II and her husband , Prince Philip , Elizabeth II London . The lunch kicked off a    British visit for President Obama , during which he is encouraging British people to President Obama against leaving the European Union . London ’s mayor , Boris Johnson London published a provocative essay alluding to views that Mr. Obama is motivated by a President Obama agenda . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . An international group of experts investigating the disappearance of 43 students in 2014 described running into harassment , stonewalling and intimidation . Far from uncovering the answers the Mexican authorities promised , the investigators said a lack of government cooperation had left them unable to solve the case . the investigators _ _ _ _ 7 . Welcome back to Westeros . HBO ’s " Game of Thrones " returns for its sixth season on Sunday , leaving HBO’s "Game of Thrones" legions of fans straining to remember HBO’s "Game of Thrones" the show left off in June . HBO’s "Game of Thrones" on where 11 main characters were last seen . We ’re sorry to say we know nothing about the status of Jon We . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . The suicide rate in the U. S. is at its highest level in nearly 30 years , The suicide rate in the U. S. women and    Americans hit especially hard , federal data analysis found . The overall rate rose by 24 percent from 1999 to 2014 , increasing to 13 deaths per 100 , 000 people . " It ’s really stunning to see such a large increase in suicide rates affecting virtually every age group , " a health care adviser said . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Republicans have gotten what they seemed to want : a depleted , Republicans Internal Revenue Service . The target of    sentiments that in recent years have grown in intensity , the I. R. S. is fighting back , arguing that budget cuts have forced the agency to collect less money and pursue fewer fraudsters . " You really should n’t be able to reduce the amount you spend on I. R. S. decrease their performance ability and the I. R. S. their performance , " an analyst said . _ _ their _ _ 10 . Finally , some bad news if you ’re a single woman in China . That handsome , exotic foreigner who wants to take you out on a date might actually be a spy , Chinese officials are warning . Though a    cartoon was posted in subway stations , streets and living areas , residents seemed unconvinced they were being used for state secrets . Hope that residents have an excellent weekend , and that your love life remains   . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Your Evening Briefing Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 