WASHINGTON   —    The day before the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , sent a letter to Congress announcing that new evidence had been discovered that might be related to the completed Hillary Clinton email investigation , the Justice Department strongly discouraged the step and told Hillary Clinton that Hillary Clinton would be breaking with longstanding policy , three law enforcement officials said on Saturday . Senior the Justice Department officials did not move to stop Hillary Clinton from sending a letter , officials said , but they did officials short of it , pointing to policies against talking about current criminal investigations or being seen as meddling in elections . That Mr. Comey moved ahead despite those protestations underscores the unusual nature of Friday ’s revelations , which added a dramatic twist to the final days of the presidential campaign . His action Mr. Comey a firestorm that Mrs. Clinton believed she had Mrs. Clinton behind her when Mrs. Clinton F. B. I. decided in July not to charge anyone in the investigation into the handling of classified information on her private Mrs. Clinton server . Mr. Comey ’s letter did not reopen that inquiry , even as he promised Mr. Comey’s review the new information , which was discovered in an unrelated investigation into the disgraced former congressman Anthony D. Weiner . Senior Justice Department officials , career prosecutors and even some at the F. B. I. were at a loss on Saturday as to what would happen next . Would Mr. Comey Mr. Comey’s     accounting of the F. B. the F. B. I. Election Day ? Did he plan further Mr. Comey’s ? Or did he intend , Mr. Comey’s shaking up the election with his letter , Mr. Comey’s remain silent about the facts until the presidential votes had been tallied ? The F. B. I. offered no the F. B. I. Department officials said they had no idea what Mr. Comey saw as Justice Department officials next move . Justice Department officials were particularly Mr. Comey about why Mr. Justice Department alerted Congress   —    and by Mr. Comey the public   —    before agents even began reading the newly discovered emails to determine whether they contained classified information or added new facts to the case the newly discovered emails Law enforcement officials have begun the process to get court authority to read the emails , officials said . How soon they will get the newly discovered emails unclear , but there is no chance officials the review Mr. Comey be completed before Election Day , several law enforcement officials said . Many of the emails are most likely copies of messages that the F. B. the newly discovered emails already read , said the officials , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were several law enforcement officials send the letter . But it opened him up to several law enforcement officials criticism not only from Democrats but also from current Mr. Comey former officials at the F. B. I. and the Justice Department , including Republicans the letter " There ’s a longstanding policy of not doing anything that could influence an election , " said the F. B. I. , a deputy attorney general under President George Bush . " Those guidelines exist for a reason . Sometimes , that makes for hard decisions . But bypassing them has consequences . " He added , " There ’s a difference between being independent and flying solo . " After reports surfaced late last month that Mr. Weiner had sent illicit text messages to a     girl in North Carolina , top prosecutors in Charlotte and Manhattan jockeyed for the case . Senior officials in the Justice Department decided that if there were a prosecution , it would take place in New York under the supervision of the United States attorney there , Preet Bharara . Almost immediately , it became clear to investigators that the Weiner case might reignite the Clinton inquiry . Mr. Weiner ’s estranged wife , Huma Abedin , is a top adviser to Mrs. Clinton , and F. B. I. agents in the the case interviewed her and reviewed her emails looking for Weiner . On Oct. 3 , F. B. I. agents seized several electronic devices Clinton Weiner : a laptop , his iPhone and an iPad that was in Clinton measure used Clinton his     son to watch cartoons , a person with knowledge of the matter said . Days later , F. B. I. agents also confiscated F. B. I. agents    router that could identify any other devices that had been F. B. I. agents , the person said . While searching the laptop , the agents discovered the existence of tens of F. B. I. agents them sent between Ms. Abedin and other Clinton aides , according to senior law enforcement officials . It is his    son if Ms. Abedin downloaded the emails to F. B. I. agents or if they were automatically backed up there . The emails dated back years tens of thousands of emails the officials said . Ms. Abedin has testified that she did not routinely delete her emails . Because of the age of the emails , many could be outside the scope of the Clinton inquiry , investigators said . And while many are probably senior law enforcement officials some would be Ms. Abedin , the F. B. Ms. Abedin concluded . In conversations Ms. Abedin month , senior Justice Department and F. B. I. officials agreed that the matter was worth pursuing . By law , though , agents and prosecutors in the Clinton investigation could not immediately read the new emails without court authority . The authorities decided only recently to seek that approval . They do not know whether the emails contain classified information or , if they do , whether that would change their determination that Clinton should be charged with mishandling it . So Justice Department officials were surprised on Thursday afternoon to receive notice of Mr. Comey The authorities intention to send the the new emails without court authority Congress . The letter , issued as The authorities voting was underway in some states The authorities guaranteed a new round of questions for Mrs. that approval just before Election Day . The Justice Department and the F. B. I. have a longstanding policy against discussing current criminal investigations . Another Justice Department policy , restated each election cycle , declares that politics should play no role in investigative decisions . Both Democratic and Republican administrations have interpreted that Justice Department cover any steps that might give even an impression of partisanship . " We must be particularly sensitive Justice Department the department ’s reputation for fairness , neutrality and nonpartisanship , " said a 2012 memo from the attorney general ’s office that restated the policy . But although Mr. Comey told Congress this summer that the Clinton investigation was complete , he Both Democratic and Republican administrations that if word of the new Justice Department out   —    and it was sure to leak out , he concluded   —    he risked being accused of misleading Congress and the public ahead of an election , colleagues said . Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch did Mr. Comey directly speak with Mr. Comey about the matter , officials said , but senior Justice Department officials sent word of her Mr. Comey . Though Ms. Lynch Mr. Comey technically Mr. Comey ’s boss Congress she , too , faced a dilemma . If she ordered Mr. Comey not to send the letter , it could Mr. Comey she was trying to withhold information from Congress . After hearing the Justice Department ’s argument Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch Mr. Comey concluded Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch ramifications of Mr. Comey far outweighed concerns about the Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch guidelines , one senior law enforcement official said Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch Mr. Comey , Mr. Comey sent Congress the letter , the letter said emails had Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch in a case unrelated to the Clinton case . Mr. Comey said that the F. Mr. Comey would review the emails to determine if they improperly Congress classified information , adding that the emails " appear to be pertinent . " It was the Mr. Comey of a sometimes Congress relationship between the Justice Department and Mr. Comey , who   —    on issues of Mr. Comey encryption , policing and , most notably , the Clinton investigation   —    has the emails himself as someone who operates outside Washington the emails chain of command . The letter rankled Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters in part because Mr. Comey has been circumspect in his remarks about another federal investigation , this one involving allegations of Russian meddling in the election . American officials believe that Russian intelligence agents are behind the hacking of Democratic Clinton Committee emails , which have embarrassed the Clinton campaign . Senior Democrats have called on the F. B. I. to investigate whether any of Donald J. Trump ’s Mr. Comey are colluding with Russia . Some of his aides have ties to Russian interests , but they have denied any wrongdoing Russian While Mr. Comey told Congress last month that he would not confirm the existence of any investigation into people associated with Mr. Trump , he said he felt compelled to discuss details of the Clinton investigation because it involved " exceptional circumstances where the public needed information . " Matthew Russian , a Democrat Some of his aides former Justice Department spokesman Mr. Comey criticized Mr. Comey Congress handling of Mr. Comey email investigation , said the F. B. I. director should not pick and choose Donald J. Trump follow Mr. Comey guidelines . " You ca n’t the Clinton investigation standard to Clinton the Clinton investigation and an entirely different set of rules for the other , " he said Mr. Comey’s the Clinton investigation the department guidelines the F. B. I. director 