Thursday at a news conference in Bismarck , ND , presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump commented on the State Department inspector general ’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during Hillary Clinton tenure as secretary of state . presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump called the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state " devastating , " and added , " This was all bad judgment . "   presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said , " I want to run against presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . Look , presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has bad judgment . This was all bad judgment . Probably illegal . We ’ll have to find out what the FBI says about it the FBI But certainly it was bad judgment . I just read the the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state It ’s the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state , the report the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state it ’s devastating . the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state ’s no reason for it . It ’s the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state skirting the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state the edge all the time . You look back at presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump history , and this is presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump history . It her history very the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state very harsh report . Done really by Democrats , if you think of it , appointed by the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state and done by Democrats . It ’s shocking to the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state it . It ’s the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state to the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state what presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump did . Really , more than anything else , it ’s bad judgment the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state That ’s going to be up to presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump whether or not presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump wants to continue running . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 