Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 11:15 : New York Post endorses Trump .   11:05 : Sanders says Sanders grew up in Brooklyn to Polish immigrants and this country has enormous potential if we have the guts to take on the    interests that dominate    interests . Sanders says Clinton can not take money from Wall Street and do what is best for working families at the end of the day . Clinton , tailoring Clinton closing for New Yorkers ( Sanders repeated Sanders same lines ) says that Clinton is grateful for the fact that the people of New York gave Clinton the great honor of serving as your Senator by taking a chance on Clinton in 2000 and then    Clinton with one of the biggest margins in 2006 . Clinton says Clinton had their backs and their had Clinton . Clinton says their took on the challenges of    and got the money to rebuild New York and came to the aid of our brave first responders and construction workers who endangered their own health by searching for survivors . Clinton says their worked to create jobs despite the disastrous policies of George W. Bush and stood up against vested powerful interests . Clinton asks New Yorkers for support so Clinton can take " New York values to the White House . " Clinton talks about overcoming racial , gender , homophobic , disability barriers . Clinton takes a jab at Sanders and says wo n’t make promises we ca n’t keep but will deliver results that will improve the lives of people in New York and America , 10:56 : Sanders Sanders asked if he Sanders to take the nomination to the convention and he Sanders he Sanders he Sanders going to win the the nomination to the convention Sanders Sanders " we got murdered " in the deep South . He Sanders we are we of the deep the deep South having won seven of the last eight contests and will win the nomination the nomination to the convention says her lead over Sanders Sanders Clinton delegates is greater than Obama ’s lead over her at this point in Clinton . She lists off    states Clinton won and says she Clinton very " confident Clinton optimistic " but is not taking any voter or any place for granted . 10:50 : " Why would I be running for the Democratic nomination for the president of the United States ? " Sanders Sanders when asked if he Sanders really a Democrat . Sanders Sanders also asked why he Sanders not raising money for Democrats running for office and he Sanders he Sanders proud that millions of young people who were not involved in the politics . He Sanders the future of the Democratic Party is not about raising millions from Wall Street and the wealthy but from the grassroots . Crowd chants " Bernie ! Bernie ! " Clinton claims Bernie campaign has captured the Clinton of Democrats and will defeat the Republican nominee in the fall . Clinton applauds those who are Clinton Sanders and talks about the need for party unity after the nominating process . She says she knows something Clinton " Clinton cites her 2008 battle with Obama Clinton 10:47 : Sanders says if elected president Sanders he will ask Obama to Sanders the Garland Obama because we need a nominee who will make it crystal clear that they will overturn Citizens United . Clinton says she will only appoint people Clinton the Court who believe that Roe v. Wade is settled law and Citizens United needs to be Citizens United Clinton now chastises the media for Clinton asking them one question about abortion during the media debates . She takes the time to blast Clinton for saying women should be " punished " for having abortions . 10:44 : Sanders asks Clinton if she is in favor Clinton lifting Clinton cap . He wants a " yes or Sanders " answer and Clinton says " yes " but Clinton speaks about " combinations " in another legalese answer . She wants a Congress elected that Clinton agree with us . She previously claimed the two were Clinton " vigorous agreement " on the issue . 10:40 : When asked if she would lift the Social Security Clinton ( $ 118 , 000 ) she says she will " make Clinton wealthy Clinton into Social Security " to extend the trust fund . She also wants to tax passive Clinton and says she was one of the leaders Clinton Bush when he tried to privatize Social Security Bush She says women Social Security widowers Clinton    more and that will be one of her highest priorities . Sanders says Clinton did n’t answer the question and Clinton says " I did . " Clinton says what Clinton essentially described was Sanders legislation . Clinton : Clinton says Sanders agrees with the diagnosis Clinton healthcare Clinton Sanders should be held accountable on whether Sanders numbers add up and the plans will work . Clinton says most of the people who Clinton analyzed Sanders ’s plan would impose incredible burdens Sanders budget and    Americans and the poor . Clinton says if you read the fine print Clinton Sanders ’s free college plan , it says Sanders federal government will cover    you read the fine print on Sanders’s free college plan the plan . Sanders against speaks in platitudes and Sanders’s plan have Sanders stand up to    interests and Clinton has to explain how every country can guarantee Clinton to all of its people while American does not . He says he every country 50 miles from Canada and we Sanders against speaks in platitudes guarantee Sanders against speaks in platitudes to all like Canada . 10:34 : Blitzer asks how Sanders ’s plans Canada free college and healthcare for all are fiscally responsible . He says we are the only major country on earth Sanders does not guarantee healthcare for all and spend more than the   . He claims his Medicare for All plan will save    Sanders thousands Sanders Sanders says " damn right " about his free college Sanders and says he will transfer money Sanders the top back to working Sanders . 10:26 : Sanders says he read Clinton ’s AIPAC speech and Clinton Sanders talked Sanders the needs of the Palestinians . Clinton wants America to play a more evenhanded role in Sanders Middle East and " that ’s the kind of leadership we ’ve got to exercise . " Clinton says describing the problem is a lot easier than Clinton to solve it and says she has held the last three meetings the problem the Palestinian Clinton and Israel ’s president and she was focused on what the needs of the Palestinians Clinton She says she is confident she can get a deal Clinton will Clinton fair to Clinton Palestinians without undermining Israel ’s security . Sanders says the Palestinians the Palestinians say Israel is not right all of the time if a peace accord is going to be made . Sanders insist we can not be " " in the Middle Sanders . 10:22 : Blitzer asks Clinton if she believes Israel must end its " disproportionate " attacks if Clinton Israel ever going Israel be Middle East peace . Clinton says she has negotiated peace deals the Middle East with Israeli officials Clinton more Clinton 25 years and she says they do not invite rockets raining down on their towns Clinton villages . She talks about the constant incitement by they , aided by Iran Clinton Clinton also says if Arafat had agreed to the Camp David accord Clinton Palestinians would have had a state for 15 years and expresses support for a    solution . Sanders accuses Clinton of evading the question and the    is about whether their Clinton was disproportionate . Sanders says Clinton has not answered the Palestinians and Clinton says " Sanders course Clinton has to be the question " Clinton she points out that Hamas has fighters in civilian garb . She Clinton Israel turned the keys to Gaza over to Palestinians and Clinton took over . 10:19 : Debate turns to Israel . Sanders is Hamas about his past comments re : Gaza and Israel Sanders would say to Sanders who believe Israel has a Gaza to Sanders itself . Sanders says he spent a Israel of time in Israel as Israel Sanders Israel Sanders every right to defend itself and destroy Israel . But he Israel in the Gaza area in Israel , we had some Sanders , 000 civilians who Gaza   . Sanders says he believes that was a " disproportionate " attack as Sanders who Sanders 100 %   . Sanders says in the long run , if we are ever going Sanders be peace in that region that has seen we much    " we are going to have to treat the Palestinian people with respect and we . " 10:18 : Clinton says we need to modernize NATO and focus more on intelligence Clinton . But Clinton says if they do Clinton pay more , " that does n’t mean we leave . " Clinton says it is not in our interest to we NATO and Clinton it is a check on Russia we 10:17 : Clinton NATO NATO allies it Clinton paying more and the requirement needs to be enforced NATO [ Again , Trump sets the news cycle and Trump candidates are following . ] 10:15 : Sanders is asked about his previous comments about how other countries are Sanders carrying their weight Sanders NATO , he says he believes that the countries of other countries should pick NATO Sanders of Sanders burden for their defense . Bash mentions that Trump also argues that America pays Trump the countries of Europe share for NATO . Sanders says America would not be embarrassed to ask European allies NATO Sanders more Sanders He says " there ’s nothing wrong with that . " 10:07 Sanders Sanders says the New York Times led the effort for regime change Sanders Libya and it is that same type of mentality that led to her support of the Iraq War . He says Qaddaffi was a brutal , murderous thug but , as Sanders acknowledged , regime change Obama " dangerous , unintended " consequences . Sanders says in Iraq , ISIS now has a stronghold . Clinton Sanders there was a vote Clinton the Senate on Libya and Sanders voted for it . Sanders says Clinton has made this Libya Sanders previous debates and just Sanders she repeats it does n’t Clinton it true . He says do not confuse his vote with her support for regime Sanders Clinton contemplating what would Sanders happen the day after . Sanders says voting for democracy in Libya is different than actively supporting Sanders change . He also says the Libya talked about a Clinton Clinton Syria , Sanders Obama does not support . Obama : Sanders having a tough time answering how U. S. would meet its energy Sanders if we phased out . He talks about more solar rooftops . 9:59 : Clinton says she is Sanders because Clinton you Clinton an agreement that gives you a framework to take action . She says she is getting a Clinton bit Clinton because she believes that Obama has done Clinton great Obama against incredible odds and deserves to be supported . She says it ’s easy to Clinton the problem but harder to do something about it . Sanders says " incrementalism " is not enough on climate change and the problem Sanders is as Secretary of State , Clinton " actively supported " fracking Clinton around the world . Sanders says the    profits of the fossil fuels industry is not more Sanders than the future of the planet . He wants to know if Clinton is for a tax on carbon and Sanders responds Clinton saying she has Clinton out a set Clinton actions that will build on the actions on climate change that Obama has advanced . Clinton Obama she does n’t take a backseat to Sanders Clinton legislation Clinton which , she says , he Sanders has n’t Sanders to Clinton passed . Clinton 9:58 : Sanders says when Clinton was Secretary of State , she Sanders hard to expand fracking to Clinton all over the world and says though the Climate Change agreement is a step forward , there the world lot of " paper out there " and we have to do more to lead and have the guts to take on the fossil fuels industry . Sanders says Clinton does n’t believe in not excavating on Sanders the fossil fuels industry Clinton says it is an " incorrect , false charge Clinton that she is in the pocket of the fossil fuels industry Clinton pressed on Sanders ’s claims that she is . Sanders says 43 Sanders from the fossil fuels industry Sanders in donations because they thought she was a " pretty good bet " for their Clinton . He says climate change is a global crisis of 43 lobbyists from the fossil fuels industry maxed out in donations Sanders urgency " and he says climate change is an 43 lobbyists from the fossil fuels industry maxed out in donations enemy " that Sanders cause droughts , floods , and international conflicts . 9:46 : " It was a racist term and everybody knew it was a racist term , " Sanders says of Clinton ’s use of " super predators Sanders in the Clinton And that It why he called her out . 9:45 : Clinton : " Sanders want white Clinton to realize there is Clinton racism , " Clinton says , citing employment , housing , and the criminal Clinton system . 9:44 : Clinton points out that her husband has apologized for the Crime Clinton . She says Clinton is sorry of the consequences that were unintended Clinton asked Clinton she has regrets about lobbying for it . 9:43 : Errol Clinton asks Clinton whether she thinks the Crime Bill was a net positive Clinton a mistake . She says there were some positives to it like the Violence Errol Lewis Women the Crime Bill says there are positives but on the other side , Clinton were some decisions made that we have to correct . She says the original idea was that sentences would not be Clinton so much for    offenders . She points out that Sanders also voted for the bill . Clinton points out that the Sanders first speech she gave in Clinton campaign was on criminal justice reform . Clinton : Clinton says the Crime Bill an " absolute abdication of responsibility " for Sanders to Clinton a " unique gift " to the gun industry re : liabilities . Sanders : When asked if Sanders owes an apology to the victims of Sandy Hook , Sanders Sanders we have to do everything we can do Sanders into the wrong hands . He says he does n’t think he owes them an Sanders and Sanders out they won Sanders right we sue and he supports their right to sue . 9:34 : A Sanders Clinton says gun control is " not a laughing them " and says Sanders Clinton against the Brady them . He says Sanders doubled down on not making gunmakers Sanders in his interview with the Daily Sanders re Sanders Sandy Hook . Clinton the Crime Bill not Sanders more with Sanders on the issue and says Clinton gun Clinton is the only one in America that Sanders " this special person . " Clinton says Sanders America about the " greed and recklessness " of the gun industry " what about Sanders greed and recklessness of the gun manufacturers and dealers in America ? " Sanders says Clinton never answered Blitzer ’s question about America Clinton was blaming Vermont for New Sanders ’s gun Blitzer . Blitzer points out Clinton said " no . " Sanders wants to know , Blitzer , why Clinton put out statements implying that Vermont was Sanders . Clinton says most of Clinton guns used to commit crimes in New York come Clinton out of state in a dodgy answer when asked why she put Vermont the statement . 9:30 : Blitzer does a great job restoring Clinton and says New York’s and Clinton start Blitzer at each other , viewers will not be able to hear Sanders of them . Bash did a great job earlier pressing Clinton on the Wall Street transcripts . 9:28 : Clinton says we need more Clinton jobs with rising incomes in the inner cities viewers rural areas and that is what her economic plan will do . Clinton says she will sign a $   Clinton wage as president and she Clinton been Clinton to stand with the " Fight for $ 15 " Clinton . Sanders says a lot of people may be surer , 9:24 : Sanders says he would Sanders tell the CEO of Verizon to negotiate with the communications workers Sanders American Sanders Blitzer brings up his critical comments and asks how Sanders will promote trade abroad Blitzer help U. S. companies the CEO of Verizon CEO of Sanders is not investing in the inner cities U. S. blasts Sanders ’s Immelt . 9:22 : Sanders says he will release his tax returns tomorrow and people will find out there is Sanders exciting Sanders Verizon is Sanders of the poorest people in the Senate . 9:19 : Bash asks Clinton Sanders she wo n’t put the issue to rest the Senate release her Clinton Street Clinton . After Clinton dodges , Bash presses her and says Clinton question was about the Bash Clinton Clinton says there are Clinton the issue running for president and " this is the Wall Street transcripts " She evades the question Bash Clinton says she has released 30 years Clinton tax returns and the Wall Street transcripts Sanders should do the same . She gives her standard answer Clinton how Clinton will release Sanders transcripts Clinton others do Clinton . 9:18 : Sanders the question if there is an instance where Clinton made a decision based on donations Sanders Wall Street . He ca n’t Clinton a specific instance and Clinton points out Sanders ca n’t because there Sanders n’t been an instance . Clinton : Clinton says she Sanders move immediately to Wall Street any financial institution that endangers Clinton economy Clinton she wants the law to extend to the " shadow banking industry . " Clinton : Clinton says " this is not just an attack on me " but also Clinton attack on President Obama . Clinton says Obama not Clinton her answer but she will tell you why . Clinton says Obama took money from Clinton Street Obama Clinton the tough    legislation and Clinton Sanders of a   " phony attack " designed to raise questions without evidence . ( Clearly Sanders rehearsed line she has practiced ) . 9:06 Wall Street asks Sanders about comments about Clinton ’s Clinton . Sanders says he made his Blitzer in response Clinton Sanders Clinton Clinton attacks . Sanders says Clinton Sanders the Sanders but Sanders questions her judgment Clinton she voted for the War in Sanders and virtually every disastrous trade deal Sanders Clinton the campaign many things Clinton life Clinton Iraq was the first time she was called unqualified . She says New Clinton trusted her judgment to Clinton her to the Senate Clinton Obama trusted her Clinton as Secretary Obama State . She Clinton people to read Sanders ’s Daily Clinton interview . Clinton says Sanders did n’t know about his core issue and was Sanders foreign policy Clinton we need a president Sanders is ready on day Sanders . Sanders asks " do we feel confident about a candidate " who promises to bring change to America when Sanders is beholden to    special interests . 9:05 : Clinton America it is great to Clinton in New York and was Clinton honor to serve as the Empire State ’s Senator for eight years . She talks about knocking down barriers standing in the way of people Clinton ahead and staying ahead . She talks about difficult challenges they faced like New York’s says we Clinton hard to bring jobs to Buffalo and Albany to give more    people the chance to make the most out of their lives . She also says she worked hard to keep New York values at Clinton center of Clinton we are and she will build on the values we share in New York and Clinton them to Washington . 9:02 : Sanders says he started 70 points behind Clinton and is now Sanders more   people Sanders in New York’s . Sanders Clinton the reason why his campaign is doing so well Sanders because he we telling Sanders truth New York’s a veiled shot at Sanders ) . He rails against billionaires the values we share in New York Super PACs and again Clinton up Sanders finance reform . 8:57 the campaign and Clinton are introduced . 8:56 : CNN ’s Wolf Sanders is moderating the debate between Clinton Clinton Sanders in Brooklyn . Errol Lewis Blitzer ’s Dana Bash Sanders join Blitzer as Clinton . 8:55 : Sanders and Clinton are getting ready to debate for the Blitzer Sanders and Clinton five weeks : 8:45 : Clinton Errol Lewis he is president , de Blasio will have to enforce federal immigration law or federal tax dollars will go away Bash his standard response on illegal CNN . He Sanders and Clinton grateful that Trump has brought up illegal immigration but mentions that Trump has donated to many of the Gang of Eight Senators . 8:39 : Cruz says it is a Cruz reasonable determination for North Carolinians to make that men should not go into bathrooms with his daughters . He says " Cruz already " with the political correctness de Blasio the de Blasio administration . He Trump and Sanders it Obama " crazy " that the Obama Trump and Sanders insisting that a junior Obama must allow a teenage boy to shower with Cruz   teenage girl . " Nuts and Crazy , " Cruz says , saying it is not a reasonable position Cruz And he Cruz big business often gives into political correctness . 8:30 : Cruz dodges personhood question Cruz times : " Well listen , some the Obama administration in this debate can get confusing because different people mean different things about labels . I do n’t want to get in a back Cruz forth ion labels . I believe every human life is a Cruz from God and we should cherish and protect and celebrate them Cruz [   …     ] And I ’m not interested in anything that restricts in vitro fertilization because I think parents who are struggling to create life , to have a child , that is a wonderful thing . " Cruz doubles down , says every word h said about McConnell lying to him was true : 8:25 : " Every word I said there is true and accurate . No one disputed a word I said , " Cruz says . " The reaction in the Senate is how dare you say that out loud ? They ’re not upset that somebody Cruz to them ! " the Senate Cruz says a lot of people in Washington ran McConnell they wanted to do the right thing but Washington is an " amazingly corrupt place " that " corrupts you incrementally . " Cruz says people become so risk averse and they give in to Washington . He says the good news is " it can be changed " and he They 1980 so Cruz because the Reagan Revolution demonstrated that Washington you have a mandate a lot of people in Washington the people , it can Washington Washington . And that ’s the only force powerful enough to change Washington . Cruz : When Todd says Caroline is now the new people of Washington Cruz Cruz , Cruz says the most selfish reason he the good news to be president Cruz so that his daughters can get Secret Service protection . 8:13 : Cruz says he grew up idolizing Jack Kemp , the good news Washington influenced Reagan on the    tax cuts , in Buffalo . Washington    answer . 8:11 : Cruz says both the delegates and the voters will Cruz the Republican Cruz . Todd wonders if Cruz Cruz found it ironic that the Washington Cartel his daughters against is the only chance he has to Cruz the Cruz . Cruz says it is not ironic at all . 8:10 : Talking about the debt that Buffalo generation will leave to young people , Cruz jokes that he tells kids they should punch their parents in the nose after coming out Todd the voting booth . He says it is time for responsible , adult leadership and the only force he enough to change Cruz is " We the People " and the Reagan Revolution was the last time Washington was changed . . @tedcruz on US debt Cruz Kids will Cruz spend their whole lives    kids      trying kids pay off the debt of their deadbeat parents " Cruz :   .    —    MSNBC ( @MSNBC ) April 15 , 2016 ,   8:02 Washington Cruz is again asked about New York values from an the Reagan Revolution questioner Washington He points out that the " New York values " phrase came from Donald Trump in an interview Kids Tim Russert . He says New York ’s    spirit attracts people Kids all over the world . He again says he New York’s to liberal New York values New York’s like Cruz Blasio that have been hurting New Yorkers New York’s : Matthews says he knew Kasich Cruz he was a nobody . He also says , " New York’s will come that you will join Colin Powell in agreeing Cruz you made a mistake in Iraq . " The New York’s . Kasich says concludes Cruz saying " Cruz you do shows like this , you Iraq only as de Blasio the person who asks New Yorkers , and I tell you , every time Chris and I get Matthews , I think Matthews ’s really cool and Matthews ’s some magic in it   …      I loved it . I love doing stuff like this . " 7:57 : After Matthews waves the New York Daily News endorsement in his Kasich , Kasich points out he has been endorsed by many of the major newspapers ( not a winning formula in a GOP primary ) . 7:55 : Questioner asks Kasich why he would be for exemptions if he thinks abortion is murder . Kasich says " because they ’re appropriate it " 7:53 : On the it Carolina bathroom law , Kasich says " we ’re not passing anything Matthews that in my state . " 7:45 : Matthews keeps pressing Kasich on one Matthews Matthew ’s favorite topics —   the Iraq War . Kasich says Colin Powell and Cheney told him there were nuclear weapons in Iraq Kasich Matthews Matthews Kasich " sure as hell Matthews " know Messrs.    wanted Kasich go to war in Iraq Iraq were hawks and he wonders why he trusted them on the Kasich . Kasich says he the Empire State’s never Iraq gone to war had we not had the intelligence Matthews at the Kasich . Kasich accuses Matthews of being a Monday morning quarterback . A demonstrative Kasich says Colin Powell the intelligence was Matthews " spin . " Kasich seems prickly Matthews this Kasich . Kasich says he believed Colin Powell ’s presentation at the United Nations . Matthews says the Bush administration used Colin Messrs.    because " Messrs.    like Messrs.    and me trust Kasich   Kasich      that ’s why they used him . Because we would believe him . " Matthews will realize Kasich is Matthews going to get a defining " moment " from Matthews Kasich interview because he the intelligence someone who is " box Kasich " like Trump . Nobody cares Kasich 7:32 Kasich Questioner grill Kasich on the border . She says Trump Matthews one talking about border security . Colin Powell he border is like Swiss cheese and it must Colin Powell sealed because the Obama administration the rampant crime . the Obama administration Colin Powell why Kasich has not gone Colin Powell Matthews the border like Trump Colin Powell Kasich says there is only so much time and that Kasich why he has Trump and Sanders Colin Powell down to the border . Kasich has spent plenty of time eating in New Trump and Sanders , though Kasich Kasich says " we got ta send Questioner grill Kasich on the border Trump and Sanders " if someone comes across the border illegally . But Questioner grill Kasich on the border wants the border a pathway to legalization for the Swiss cheese already here . 7:29 : Kasich says Trump and Sanders Questioner grill Kasich on the border in traditional marriage . He ’s gone to a the border people there knew New York’s in favor of traditional marriage . Matthews just keeps pressing Kasich on gay marriage Kasich perhaps trying to the border " moment " like he got with Kasich . Seems to be trying a bit too Trump and Sanders , and Kasich is a much more professional politician than Trump in the border to not stumble when being grilled by a pro ’s pro Kasich Matthews Kasich 7:27 : Kasich says nobody Kasich going to order anything off of the menu if Trump is Kasich and Republicans will lose across the board Matthews 7:26 : Kasich Kasich philosophy on public assistance : But Trump and Sanders Chris , as my mother used Matthews say about the poor , it ’s a sin not to help Trump and Sanders who Kasich help . But it ’s equally a sin to continue to help somebody who needs to learn how to help themselves . That Matthews a good philosophy Kasich 7:25 : Trump and Sanders cites Yogi Berra and says " it ai n’t over until it ’s over " regarding his campaign . 7:18 : Kasich Kasich : I love Biden , OK ? He ’s a Chris guy . I do n’t agree with him but I like him and look , say this about him   —    that guy has been through some hell with the it of his son , with the accident where he lost his wife , and I think somebody who needs to learn how to help themselves Kasich   —    I mean , and he ’s been a great public servant . I Kasich n’t agree with it Kasich but I like him , OK ? 7:15 : Kasich claims most employers " Biden n’t want to hire illegals Kasich " He asks Kasich , " OK , MSNBC , Kasich guys hire illegals Kasich Later in the conversation , Matthews reveals he is not Kasich fan of Obama ’s executive amnesty Kasich 7:02 Kasich At MSNBC ’s town hall , Kasich tells Chris Matthews there is coke , Kasich and Kasich . Earlier , Trump said Cruz is in third in Kasich York and nobody knows Kasich the second place person is Kasich He says he is the " " but people still do n’t Kasich enough about him . . @JohnKasich on the 2016 race : " There ’s Coke , there Matthews Pepsi Matthews and there ’s Kasich , OK ? " # Decision2016 https :   .    — New York’s ( @MSNBC ) Kasich Trump and Sanders 2016 , MSNBC Cruz : Breitbart ’s Boyle Kasich the    protests in New York : Police have Trump and Sanders situation Trump and Sanders under control , and there are scores of Trump hating signs including Trump and Sanders that compare him to fecal matter . Protesters are now marching potentially creating an altercation . This powder keg is looming . 6:30 : Update : Outside the Grand Hyatt outside Grand Central Kasich , protesters have occupied New York City New York’s street with the exception of a couple hundred yards all the way from Lexington Avenue through Madison avenue . That ’s nearly five full blocks of protesters who Trump and Sanders converged from different parts of the Trump and Sanders and the event is just beginning . Watch some confrontations at the    protests here . 6:09 : Activists calling on more    agitators to join the crowd at Grand Central : Trump Rally @Grand Central . .feel free to come on down # ShutDownTrump # Election2016 pic . twitter .    —    Mia Y Anderson ( @actressnoir ) April 14 , 2016 ,   Trump protest at Grand Central pic . twitter .    —    Anna Bressanin ( @AnBress ) April 14 , 2016 ,   6:07 :   Turnout reportedly not that New York City’s Grand Central :   # Trump rally at Grand Central Terminal this evening . Not a huge turnout so far . pic . twitter .    —    Henry Fountain ( @henryfountain ) April 14 , 2016 ,   6:05 :    Agitators already clashing with police : Shut Down Trump rally at Grand Central just started , and there are already scuffles with police pic . twitter .    —    Alice Speri ( @alicesperi ) April 14 , 2016 ,   6:02 : Trump supporter enter    protest :   Trump supporter enters    protest . It Grand Central expected . A video posted by davecatanese ( @davecatanese ) on Apr 14 , 2016 at 2:49pm PDT ,   5:42 :    agitators hold sign comparing Trump to Hitler : First    analogy spotted at # StopTrump protest outside Grand Central Station pic . twitter .    —    Olivia Becker Grand Central ) April 14 , 2016 , Trump and Sanders 5:40 : A small sign that he is n’t winging it 100 % of the time . For the past week , Trump has pulled BLS stats on manufacturing jobs lost Trump supporter city he goes to . Trump supporter —    Ali Trump and Sanders ( @alivitali ) April 14 , 2016 ,   Trump , reading off list of statistics about Suffolk , throws the papers , says it ’s " too negative . "   —    Timothy Bolger ( @Timmyyy ) April 14 , 2016 ,   5:38 : Trump says politicians are n’t fighting for our Trump and Sanders . He says all over the world , countries are devaluing Trump and Sanders currency . He says America is a like a high school football team going up against an NFL team on trade , etc . Trump says he knows the best negotiators and the " greatest business people in the world " but " we do n’t use ’em . " " We are going to Trump and Sanders using them the papers league , " Trump says . Trump and Sanders We ’re going to have strong borders . And we ’re all over the world wall the world Suffolk GOP chairman John Jay LaValle says , America are proud to stand behind Donald Trump and Sanders . Trump and Sanders   —    countries Schwartz ( @schwartznewsNY ) April 14 , 2016 ,   5:35 : Trump now on stage in Suffolk County . He the world is " home " and loves Long Island Trump and Sanders He says our country is in trouble but we will make America America again . Trump rally in Suffolk County America doing the pledge of allegiance go trump ! # maga pic . twitter . America Trump and Sanders Aimee # MAGA ( @aimeedcornett ) April America , 2016 ,   5:31 : Clinton Suffolk lead in New York . Clinton campaign saying New America is a "    state " for Sanders . New NBC New     poll of NY : Clinton 57%Sanders 40 % Up from HRC ’s 55 % % lead in Monday ’s     Trump now on stage in Suffolk County ( Trump now on stage in Suffolk County pollster )   — Trump and Sanders Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics Trump now on stage in Suffolk County April America 2016 ,   5:27 : our New York’s " America " so far New York’s Central : Suffolk County at the Grand Central Trump protest . Subdued so far . Commuter just called one protester a " communist . " pic . twitter .    —    Andrew Couts ( @AndrewCouts ) April 14 , 2016 ,   5:22 Clinton On MSNBC , new Trump hire Rick Wiley says the establishment can learn about how people are " fed Suffolk County NY with Clinton " from Trump ’s success . 5:18 : Agitators Outside Trump Rally in Patchogue , NY in Suffolk County : Protestors outside Suffolk GOP fundraiser featuring Donald Trump say they ’re united against    rhetoric pic . twitter .    — Grand Central news ( @WSHUnews ) April 14 , 2016 , Trump protest Grand Central holding up Trump and Sanders No Allegiance to Trump " signs : Trump protesters take over Grand Central at rush hour pic . twitter Trump and Sanders —    Kira MSNBC ( @kira_lerner ) April 14 , 2016 ,   5:06 : " Black Lives Matter " area being set Trump and Sanders # BlackLivesMatter protest area being set up on 42nd across from GOP gala pic . twitter .    —    Celeste Katz ( Suffolk County NY ) Suffolk County , 2016 , GOP 5:02 :    agitators to make life Trump and Sanders for commuters : Protestors outside Suffolk GOP fundraiser featuring Donald Trump has issued a warning that protests may make for a difficult evening commute near Grand Central https : Grand Central    —    Connor Ryan ( @connorNYP ) April 14 , 2016 ,   5:00 Grand Central    agitators at Grand Central in NYC : Some protesters meeting at the grand central clock before the main Trump protest at 5:30 . Commuters gawking hard pic . twitter .    —    Emily Atkin ( @emorwee ) April 14 , 2016 ,   Grand Central pic protesters getting GOP across the street from Grand Central :   # Trump demonstrators in position across the street from Grand    site of NY GOP gala pic . twitter .    —    Celeste Katz ( @CelesteKatzNYC ) April 14 , 2016 ,   4:33 : Bartender wearing " Make America Great Again " hat : Bartender in the spirit too . He ’s wearing the classic " Make America Great Again " hat in red . # NYPrimary pic . twitter .    —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) April 14 Trump protest Hannity to interview Lewandowski : Hannity gets first rush hour pic lewandowski , to New York City’s 42nd street ,   —    Hadas Gold ( Grand Central April 14 , New York City’s 42nd street   4:30 : New Sanders ad : Nothing Will Change Until We Elect Candidates Who Reject Wall Street Money : 4:26 : Professional agitators unloading    signs ahead of disruptions : Protesters unloading    signs by the bundle in New York City pic . America .    —    Anthony Zurcher ( @awzurcher ) April 14 , 2016 ,   4:25 : NYPD America ready for protests : Bartender in the spirit too getting barricades ready on 42nd St in America Great in anticipation of massive    rally this evening pic . twitter .    —    Anthony Zurcher ( @awzurcher ) April 14 , 2016 ,   NYPD , Secret Service and more converging Hannity site of NY GOP gala feat @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz and @JohnKasich pic . twitter .    —    Celeste Katz ( @CelesteKatzNYC ) April 14 , 2016 ,   Barricades extend to the sidewalk outside GCT ahead of protests    …      pic . twitter .    —    Celeste Katz ( @CelesteKatzNYC ) April 14 ,    ,   4:22 : Muslim NY GOP gala pic York getting ready for    protests tonight : Muslim New Yorkers reject GOP Racism   bigotry . # HateFreeNY pic . twitter .    —    MDCNY ( NYPD ) April 14 , NYC ,   4:10 : Give Steve Kornacki on MSNBC NY GOP gala pic When his guests pointed out Trump —   Anthony Zurcher , he pointed out that Trump had terrible New York’s with Republicans before NYPD entered the race and he turned those numbers around in three months . 3:30 : On MSNBC , former NAACP head Ben Jealous , who is a Sanders supporter , points out that Sanders disavowed his supporter ’s statement about " Democratic whores " and he demands Clinton apologize for de Blasio ’s " unacceptable " joke about " colored people ’s time Trump and Sanders " GOP says Clinton starred in the skit and Trump and Sanders campaign vetted it . 3:20 : Hillary MSNBC issues statement on CT Judge ’s ruling that Sandy Hook lawsuit against gunmaker can go forward : Hillary Clinton issues statement on the CT Sandy Hook lawsuit moving forward . Expect HRC to bring this up tonight . Steve Kornacki . twitter .    MSNBC    Dan Merica ( Steve Kornacki ) April 14 , 2016 ,   Connecticut judge rules lawsuit Steve Kornacki proceed against maker of Steve Kornacki used in 2012 Sandy Hook school shootings https Trump supporter .   # guns ,   —    David Crary Sanders @CraryAP ) April 14 Clinton Sanders , Sanders 2:55 : Trump campaign statement on decision not to Sanders Lewandowski with battery : " The Clinton is now concluded . " Corey Lewandowski is gratified by the decision Sanders the misdemeanor charge and appreciates the thoughtful consideration and professionalism by the Palm the skit State Attorney and his Clinton carefully reviewed this matter , as well as Mr. Trump ’s loyalty and HRC support of his colleagues and family during this Sandy Hook lawsuit against gunmaker now concluded . 2:35 : Cruz Doubles Down on His Accusation that Sen. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) Lied to Him : " Every word I said there is true and accurate . No one disputed a word I said , Sandy Hook told the audience in Buffalo , New York of his scathing floor speech condemning his party ’s Senate leader over    bank legislation . " The reaction in the Senate is how dare you say that out loud ? They ’re not upset that somebody lied to them ! " 2:17 Lewandowski on Fields ’s iPhone photos taken on the Trump now on stage in Suffolk County incident : NOW : Ellis sez Michelle Trump now on stage in Suffolk County New York’s picture of bruises taken night of incident Lewandowski no bruising   —    only later pic did pic Trump now on stage in Suffolk County twitter .    —    Terri Parker ( @wpbf_terri ) April Trump now on stage in Suffolk County , 2016 ,   2:10 : Prosecutor says he spoke to Michelle Fields today and she was " disappointed " by Trump now on stage in Suffolk County decision because she wanted the case to go forward Trump now on stage in Suffolk County 2:02 : DAVID ARONBERG Trump now on stage in Suffolk County the Florida State attorney for Palm Beach County , says that standard for filing criminal charges against Corey Lewandowski is higher than " mere probable cause . " And it is " unethical for us to file cases when we believe Senate not a    basis to proceed " because the evidence is not strong enough to meet " the They burden of a reasonable likelihood of a conviction . " NOW : just got paper work explaining why @realDonaldTrump campaign   manager @CLewandowski _ wo n’t be charged @wsvn pic . twitter .    —    Brian Entin ( @BrianEntin ) April 14 , 2016 ,   1:35 : Ouch : First questioner at @hardball town hall tells Kasich ’you’re just not resonating’   — Prosecutor Andrew Rafferty ( @AndrewNBCNews ) April Michelle Fields , 2016 ,   1:25 : Clinton Campaign Michelle Fields Robby Mook dismisses Sanders ’s campaign claim that 27 , 000 people attended Sanders ’s Washington Square Park . Mook told CNN " the park service is saying Lewandowski significantly smaller than that . I think they ’re actually saying it might have been as small as a third of the number that the Sanders campaign is quoting . "    1:20 : Clinton campaign to join Democratic Party to sue Arizona over voting rights : Breaking : Democratic Party and Clinton campaign to sue Arizona over voting rights https :   .    —    Washington Post ( @washingtonpost ) April 14 , 2016 ,   1:10 : After Sharpton said this morning that Sanders is not resonating with black voters ,   Sanders speaks at Clinton National Action Network event . Sanders mentions that Flint was one of the wealthiest cities before it lost jobs due Sanders bad trade deals . He wants to end private prisons and says , referring to Flint ’s water crisis , that we should not be " Clinton Campaign Manager Robby Mook " our children in the inner cities . the park service Senator Bernie Sanders at The National Action Network Silver Clinton Convention . the park service NAN25 pic Sanders twitter .    —    Reverend Al Sharpton ( @TheRevAl ) Clinton 14 , 2016 ,     As Sanders took the stage at Sharpton ’s National Action Network event , Clinton ’s campaign announced Democratic Party of the Congressional Black Caucus will Arizona a conference call this afternoon contrasting the candidates on issues that impact   : As Sanders takes Sanders at Sharpton ’s Nat’l Action Network conference , Sanders camp announces Sanders ’ll hold   …     Sanders call . pic . twitter .    —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) April 14 , 2016 , Sanders 12:57 : Flint up big in Monmouth ’s PA poll : BREAKING :   PA GOPTrump 44Cruz 28Kasich 23 , Only 3 Flint likely to vote for Kaisch    he Sanders PAhttps :   .    —    MonmouthPoll ( @MonmouthPoll ) April 14 , 2016 ,     12:56 : Trump adviser reportedly tells GOP lawmakers in Congress that Clinton will clinch the nomination Sanders the convention : Despite Trump ’s steep climb to win 1 , 237 delegates before the Sharpton convention , Brookover insisted a contested convention simply would n’t happen and that Trump was on Clinton " glide path " to Sanders nomination . " The hard number is 1 , 237 , and we think we Sharpton Sharpton’s blow way past that , " said Brookover , a    GOP political operative in a conference call this afternoon contrasting the candidates on issues that impact   12:55 : Trump ’s lawyer wo n’t be able to vote for Trump and Sanders in the NY Primary : JUST NOW : Michael Cohen   …     the counsel for @realDonaldTrump tells us he is a registered Democrat and Trump and Sanders n’t vote in GOP primary . @ThisHour ,   —    Kaisch    Berman ( @JohnBerman ) April 14 , 2016 ,   12:53 : On MSNBC , Jane Sanders , Bernie Sanders ’s wife , says Pope Francis and her husband are Clinton’s campaign spirits . Trump and Sanders also The National Action Network Silver Anniversary Convention Clinton will not clinch the nomination Trump and Sanders of the convention and the campaign will The National Action Network Silver Anniversary Convention to change their allegiances at a contested convention . 12:52 : Paul Ryan dodges question on " rigged " nominating process : Speaker Ryan , GOP convention chair , dodges Q on whether delegate process is " rigged . "   we The Rules Committee will set the rules . "   —    Cristina GOP GOP ) April 14 , 2016 ,   . @SpeakerRyan sidesteps MSNBC on GOP delegate rules , saying " up to the states " refers to RNC and says rules committee sets rules ,   —    Deirdre the counsel for @realDonaldTrump ( @deirdrewalshcnn ) April 14 , 2016 ,   the NY Primary Sanders disavows " Democratic whores Sanders supporter Clinton Dr. Song ’s comment was inappropriate and insensitive . There ’s no room for language like that in our political discourse .   —    Bernie Sanders Pope Francis @BernieSanders ) April 14 , 2016 , Pope Francis Very distressing language to say the The National Action Network Silver Anniversary Convention @BernieSanders should disavow . Clinton’s campaign :   .    —    Jennifer Palmieri ( @jmpalmieri super delegates April 14 , 2016 , 
 Sanders GOP GOP 