  ( CNN ) Linwood Michael Kaine , a son of Virginia senator and former vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine , faces misdemeanor charges in Minnesota after an incident at a    Trump rally in March .   Kaine , 24 , was charged Friday by prosecutors in St. Paul with fleeing on foot , concealing identity in a public place , and obstructing the legal process by interfering with a peace officer .   The obstruction charge is a gross misdemeanor , which carries a possible sentence of up to one year in prison and a fine of as much as $ 3 , 000 . Kaine was among counterprotesters inside the state Capitol ’s rotunda shortly after the " March 4 Trump " rally .   " Some of the    equipped with face and head coverings and goggles , broke away and attempted to enter the "March 4 Trump" rally from the second floor staircase by pushing and shoving , " a news release from Ramsey County Attorney John Choi said . " During the disturbance , they employed smoke bombs , mace and fireworks , thereby creating a chaotic and dangerous situation . " The group fled and were apprehended by police officers a few blocks away , officials said at the time . A probable cause document says Kaine , who lives in Minneapolis , ran from a police officer , who caught him and knocked him him . It took several officers to detain Kaine after he Kaine with officers , the A probable cause document . It was unclear whether Kaine has Kaine attorney .   Seven others charged , two face felonies , Ramsey County declined to press felony charges against Kaine and Kaine others , but St. Paul City Attorney Samuel Clark did further investigation and brought the charges against Kaine . Kaine In my mind , this has always been about making sure that people who seek to express themselves peacefully people who seek to express themselves peacefully do so free from fear of violence . That should be a bright line for everyone , " Clark said St. Paul City Attorney Samuel Clark Two other people arrested in connection with the incident were charged by Ramsey County prosecutors with felonies for allegedly using tear gas . They also Two other people arrested in connection with the incident other misdemeanor charges . Known as ’Woody’ CNN was attempting to reach a representative for the Kaine family and was not immediately successful .   Miryam Lipper , a spokeswoman for the senator , gave a statement to the Pioneer Press in St. Paul . " Today ’s announcement of misdemeanor charges against Sen. Kaine ’s son contains no suggestion that he engaged Sen. Kaine’s son disruptive behavior while at the rally , but are instead focused on his actions Sen. Kaine’s son he was Sen. Kaine’s son after he left Sen. Kaine’s son " Lipper said . " Tim and Anne support their son Tim and Anne hope the matter is resolved soon . " Asked to comment in March about his son their son the senator and his wife would only their son through a spokeswoman : " We love Tim and Anne our three Tim and Anne have their own views and our three children about current political issues . They fully understand the our three children to express those concerns peacefully . " Linwood Kaine , who goes by " Woody , " is the youngest son and second of Kaine and Anne Holton ’s three children . He graduated from Carleton the youngest son and second of Kaine and Anne Holton in 2014 after majoring in cinema and media studies , according to an alumni page . He was never on the youngest son and second of Kaine and Anne Holton campaign trail during the 2016 presidential campaign , although his sister , Annella the youngest son and second of Kaine and Anne Holton appeared with at a few events and flew on the campaign plane .   The family ’s oldest son , Nat , a Marine , was deployed abroad just after Hillary Clinton named the Virginia senator as her running mate . Hillary Clinton 