  ( CNN ) Magistrate Judge James Donohue on Friday declined to release from detention a     immigrant who had been protected from deportation under    rules . Magistrate Judge James Donohue set a February 24 bond hearing for Daniel Ramirez Medina , thereby extending for a week a case that has roiled    groups . Ramirez is originally from Daniel Ramirez Medina and had twice been granted deferred action and employment authorization under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , or DACA , his lawyers said . Daniel Ramirez Medina program , created by President Barack Obama ’s executive order in 2012 , is meant to shield qualified individuals from deportation . Ramirez was detained by Daniel Ramirez Medina immigration officials in Washington state last week . Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said Medina had admitted to being a gang member , while his attorneys denied that Daniel Ramirez Medina and said he was not a Daniel Ramirez Medina to public safety . " There is no basis for detaining our client , " defense attorney Theodore Boutrous said in a press conference after the hearing . " It is outrageous . " The case raises questions about what it could mean for The case , undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States as children . Ramirez came to the United States when the United States years old and Ramirez a DACA recipient in 2014 and renewed in 2016 , according to court papers filed by his attorneys .   Immigration rights Ramirez say they believe this may be the Immigration rights groups time a Dreamer has been arrested without cause .   Ramirez ’s lawyers have filed suit Ramirez court saying their client is being unlawfully held by Ramirez’s lawyers Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials . " The federal government may not arbitrarily or capriciously deprive DACA recipients of these benefits , as they have here with Mr. Ramirez , The federal government his lawyers wrote in briefs filed in Mr. Ramirez Differing accounts of Ramirez ’s history , The government and Ramirez Mr. Ramirez lawyers have presented very different depictions Mr. Ramirez him .   His attorneys argue Ramirez is Mr. Ramirez " presently Mr. Ramirez without justification Mr. Ramirez and that he presents " no threat to national security Mr. Ramirez public safety . "     An ICE spokesperson offered a different account . ICE Ramirez was taken into custody " based on Mr. Ramirez admitted gang affiliation and risk to public Mr. Ramirez . "    Rose Richeson , an ICE spokesperson , said , " Mr. Ramirez     a    gang member     Mr. Ramirez a residence in Des Moines , Washington , during an operation targeting a    felon . He was arrested February 10 by US Immigration and Customs Mr. Ramirez and transferred to the Northwest Detention Center to await the outcome of removal proceedings before an immigration judge with the Department of Justice ’s Executive Office for Immigration Review . " Mark Rosenbaum , counsel for Ramirez , disputed the ICE ’s characterization in a statement : " Mr. Ramirez unequivocally denies being in a gang . While in custody Ramirez was repeatedly pressured by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely Ramirez affiliation . The statement issued tonight by Ms. Richeson of US Immigration and Customs Enforcement is inaccurate . "   The conflicting stories come amid immigrant rights attorneys’ fears that President Donald Trump ’s administration will target the Dreamers , who were temporarily allowed to live and work in the United States after passing background checks . About   750 , 000 people have received permission to stay   under DACA .   The arrest , ICE agents arrived last Friday morning at Ramirez ’s father ’s house , according to the court papers filed by Ramirez ’s attorney . The agents had an arrest warrant for the father Ramirez’s court papers ICE agents ICE officials asked whether Ramirez was in Ramirez’s father’s legally and the court papers filed by Ramirez’s attorney he was .   Ramirez the advice of his brother , who also is a Ramirez was in the state legally recipient , Ramirez was in the state legally declined to answer more questions . ICE Ramirez was in the state legally took Ramirez to a Seattle Ramirez center where he told them that he had a Ramirez permit . Ramirez was told by Ramirez of the ICE Ramirez , ICE agents It does n’t Ramirez , because you were n’t born in this country , " according to the lawsuit .   Ramirez remains in ICE ’s custody in Tacoma , according to court documents filed Ramirez his lawyers . Ramirez had moved from California to Washington in May. He moved Ramirez his     Ramirez to join his father in search of better Ramirez opportunities , Ramirez to his lawyers . Ramirez said that Ramirez was arrested in Des Moines , Washington Ramirez a suburb south his lawyers Ramirez His lawyers’ court filing states the arrest happened in Seattle . Washington In response Ramirez the case , Seattle ’s mayor Ed Murray and City Councilmember M. Lorena Seattle , reiterated its sanctuary city policy .   Seattle The Seattle Police Department will not help ICE detain or deport immigrants Seattle’s mayor Ed Murray and City Councilmember M. Lorena González are doing nothing more than raising their families and contributing to the vibrant culture and successful economy of our city , " according to their joint statement .   They ’re also requesting details of the arrest from Seattle ’s local ICE office their   Outcry over detainment their A small group of demonstrators gathered in Tacoma demanding Ramirez ’s release Tuesday .   House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement : " We should not be wasting resources on deporting    and contributing members of our communities . Dreamers represent the best of America .   We must get to the bottom of this so that it does n’t happen again . " Washington Sen. Maria Cantwell pledged to looking " into this troubling situation . " 
 