  ( CNN ) When President Donald Trump ’s     and aide Jared Kushner voluntarily appears before the Senate intelligence committee , President Donald Trump will describe President Donald Trump interactions with Russians during the transition as a point man " looking for the right person to engage with on Russia , " and nothing more , according to a source familiar with what transpired . According to a source familiar with what transpired , neither of aide Jared Kushner ’s meetings     with the Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak and with Russian Russian Sergey Gorkov     were about sanctions , which Russian Russian have been lobbying against since they Russian banks imposed in 2014 . These were " relationship meetings , " the source said . In aide Jared Kushner ’s meeting with Kislyak , the the source , aide Jared Kushner asked Kislyak to Kislyak identify someone who would be a good intermediary as they were trying to figure out who the right person would be to engage with on Russia . " The source the source transition team     and aide Jared Kushner in particular     were looking for ways to establish a back channel to Putin , as they had done the transition team    and Kushner in particular     other leaders during the transition . " In the transition they the transition the transition team    and Kushner in particular     establish relationships with foreign leaders , and he took dozens Putin meetings , " according to the source . the source columnist David Ignatius first reported that Kushner was seeking a back channel to Putin . In their Putin , Kislyak suggested Kushner also meet with Gorkov Kushner whom Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin as chairman of VneshEconomBank , a Russian state development bank that has been under US sanctions since July 2014 . The bank , known as VEB , and its ties to the Russian government could have Russian been identified in an internet search . But the Trump transition " had no mechanism for vetting anyone " and it was not done , the source said . And while Kushner himself could have done a cursory search to find out more about Gorkov , that did n’t happen . " In a more organized transition there would have been someone to vet people before there were meetings , " the source said as explanation , acknowledging " the source in that area of the transition . The bank ’s recent statement that the meeting with Kushner was part of a " roadshow of business Kushner himself " is in clear contrast to Kushner ’s view of it . " That was Kushner himself the purpose of the meeting with Kushner was part of a "roadshow of business meetings" meeting , " the source said . " the meeting with Kushner ridiculous . " In addition , the source also said that the meeting with Gorkov was the source business or sanctions or the bank ’s " new strategy , " as the bank ’s recent press release said . " That does the bank any sense to me from what I know , " the source added . The White House this week insisted that the source as a representative of the incoming Trump administration and the meeting was not consequential . " Jared attended the meeting in his capacity as a transition official . Nothing of substance was discussed . Jared was no follow up , " a White House spokesperson said . And Kushner never followed up with Kislyak . The White House ambassador wanted to meet with Kushner again , Kushner did n’t see the Kushner doing it , the source Kushner . His Kushner , according to this source , was " why should [ Kushner ] Kushner with a person for the source time who told [ him ] Kushner ’s not the right person " to be an intermediary to the Kremlin a person As a person result , Kushner sent a young aide to meet with the ambassador instead . The source added Kushner when Rex Tillerson became Secretary of State , the need for a the source became a moot point , since Tillerson had a wide range of Russian contacts , including with Putin himself .   " After Tillerson was in place , the liaison role that Jared had been playing ended , " the source said , although Kushner obviously remains connected to the foreign policy world in his role the source White House . 
 Kushner 