Monday on CNN ’s " The Lead , " while discussing a controversial tweet from presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump featuring an image of Hillary Clinton , money and a    star likened to the Star of David , former Obama administration green jobs czar Van Jones said this pattern of " now dozens of these things , " is starting to look like " part of some strategy to wink and nod " to   hate groups .   former Obama administration green jobs czar Van Jones said , " Listen , lots of stuff happens on Twitter . But usually if you accidentally    something from some horrible hate group , first thing out of your mouth —   ’I’m sorry.’ You ca n’t stop yourself . ‘ Oops!’ Nothing like that from the Trump campaign . This is why people start thinking   —    after now dozens of these things , is this a part of some strategy to wink and nod . Also how are you finding this stuff ? There is a dark underworld there on Twitter but you ’ve got go look for a dark underworld there on Twitter . " When asked if the tweets are a " dog whistle , " to intentionally reach out to voters who have these view , Jones said , " I think it deserves serious conversation . A lot of people say A lot of people Well I think Donald Trump is a racist,’ Well , I do n’t think you have to get into Donald Trump heart . What you have to look at is what is the strategy . If you do n’t want this kind of support , you come out and give a speech . Remember ? Barack Obama , President Obama , senator at the time , Donald Trump got in trouble because someone associated with Donald Trump said some very offensive stuff . Donald Trump came out after Reverend Wright said that , gave a full speech on race trying to clarify exactly where Donald Trump was coming from . If after several dozen times now you step on the same banana peel , if you do n’t want support from white nationalists , you should come out and give a powerful speech . The silence is starting to speak louder than anything else . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 