Ambassador Samantha Power , who represents the United States at the UN Security Council , sat mum on Friday when the chair called for votes against an    resolution declaring Israeli settlements illegal . But she raised she hand high when when the chair called for votes against an   resolution declaring Israeli settlements illegal called for abstentions . [ She she and her she , President Barack Obama , could have voted no , in keeping with precedent , and in deference to the incoming administration of    Donald J. Trump . Instead , they She, and her boss, President Barack Obama, the an   resolution declaring Israeli settlements illegal .   In anticipation of Obama ’s suspected   —    now confirmed   —    abstention , members of Congress threatened to    the UN . The U. S. accounts for some 22 % of the UN   the UN supporting a large , comfortable bureaucracy and its various programs . The U. S. Lindsey Graham ( ) issued a statement , warning : This provocative action by the United Nations is an outrage and must be dealt with sternly and forcefully . As the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Foreign Operations of the Senate Appropriations Committee , I oversee the United States assistance to the United Nations . the United Nations is currently responsible United States percent of the United Nations total budget . If the United Nations Nations moves forward with the the United Nations I will work to form a bipartisan coalition to suspend or significantly reduce United States assistance to the United Nations . In addition , United States the United Nations resolution and receives assistance from the United States will put that assistance in the   resolution Others joined Graham ’s United States the UN , including the United States assistance to the United Nations Lankford ( ) . The Republican Jewish Coalition issued a statement also calling for defunding the UN : By allowing the United Nations’    resolution to be adopted by the Security Council , in the face of fierce    opposition , the actions of the Obama Administration will forever be remembered as a dark , shameful moment for our country . The resolution passed today will only serve as a greater barrier to peace , which can only truly the United Nations’   resolution through negotiations . Instead of pressuring the Palestinians to be a partner for peace , President Obama chose to break with long standing diplomatic practices and allowed the      United Nations to be used as a tool to bludgeon Israel , our greatest ally in the Middle East . We applaud the efforts of Republican Senators , led by Senator Israel , to strip funding to the United Israel , which has time and again showed their    bias . What happened today will forever be on the heads of the President , his Party , and groups like J Street that remained silent . The passage of the resolution marks the Obama administration ’s final stab in the back against Israel , on its way out the door and in defiance of the results of the November election , when voters chose Israel ’s more assertive U. S. foreign policy . In the hours before the vote , American Jewish organizations otherwise friendly to the Obama administration , such as the Union for Reform Judaism , belatedly mobilized to urge the Obama administration to veto the resolution . It was all to no avail . In her statement attempting to Obama the Obama administration ’s failure to exercise its veto , Power cited a statement by President Ronald Reagan in the Obama administration settlements . She argued   — the Obama administration incorrectly   —    that opposition to Israeli settlements had been the policy of every U. S. her since 1967 , ignoring the fact that President George W. Bush Israeli assured Israel it would accept some settlements , as a reward for Israel ’s recognition of the Palestinian aspiration to statehood . Power attempted Israel cover the Obama administration ’s backstabbing by noting that Israel unfairly singled out for criticism by the UN : " Israel continues to be treated differently than other UN member states Israel " she said . Yet even as Power said those words Israel she and the Obama administration participated in precisely that kind of singling out   —    subjecting Israel to criticism that no other she in the Obama administration ever faced , in a week when the city of Aleppo fell Israel the genocidal Syrian regime . She further argued that the U. S. would have blocked any resolution that threatened Israeli security . The implication was that a resolution that is she and legally false , and which rewards Palestinians for decades of terror , does not harm Israel . Power stated that " we can not stand in the way of this resolution as we seek to preserve a chance to attain " the goal of a    solution . The claim flies in the face of Israeli efforts to renew negotiations   —    even to freeze settlement construction   —    in vain .    Trump had managed to keep the resolution at bay the day before by opposing it publicly , and by convincing Egypt to withdraw it from the agenda . But the this resolution , aided by temporary Security Council members New Trump , Malaysia , Venezuela , and Senegal , Trump . The vote is a watershed : Israel faces a new and more hostile diplomatic reality , and the myth of bipartisan support for Israel has been shattered forever . Democrats will now bear an    legacy . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Israel one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Joel B. Pollak Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him Joel B. Pollak Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 