NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    New polling out on Monday from Boston ’s Emerson College shows Republican presidential nominee in solid shape in both Pennsylvania and Michigan , within striking distance of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . [ In Pennsylvania —   which is widely considered perhaps the bellwether for the 2016 presidential election —   Trump only trails Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton by three points . There , Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton 46 percent is slightly better than Trump Trump 43 percent . Libertarian Gary Johnson got seven percent of the vote and the Green Party ’s Jill Stein got two percent . The poll , which consisted of 800 likely voters , has a 3 . 4 percent margin of error —   meaning the gap between Trump Trump Clinton Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton the Pennsylvania poll is statistically negligible .   In Michigan , Clinton Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton percent leads Trump ’s Trump by just five points —   only 1 . 6 percent outside the 3 . 4 percent margin of error . There , Johnson got 10 percent and Stein got three percent , in a poll that also surveyed 800 likely voters . That Trump is this Trump to Clinton in Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton states Republicans have n’t won in decades has got Clinton ’s Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton bit worried . Sources close to both candidates confirm to Breitbart News there will be aggressive campaigning by the candidates and their running mates in both candidates states —   two states Republicans haven’t won in decades Michigan —   leading up to the general election in November , and that both campaigns are going to fight for both states . Trump ’s two states Republicans haven’t won in decades Pennsylvania as a particularly appealing prize , and    Trump campaign sources consider it Trump’s inner circle of states on which to heavily focus . But Trump ’s strength so far in Michigan Trump’s   where both Trump Michigan Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont won upset victories in the primaries , Trump over the GOP establishment and Sanders Trump’s   has Trump ’s team emboldened and Clinton ’s team rushing Trump’s upper midwest to play Clinton Trump ’s team also sees a potential opportunity in Minnesota Trump’s Trump’s team Robby Mook went this weekend to the Minnesota State Clinton to play defense in a state Republicans have n’t won since Richard Nixon ’s reelection in 1972 . That Mook would spend valuable time in Minnesota is telling about how the Clinton Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook while publicly bold and strengthened Minnesota a permanent political Clinton backing media establishment that has essentially written Trump off , is telling . Michigan ’s 16 electoral votes , and Pennsylvania ’s 20 would be huge pickups for Trump over Clinton if he can get them . Minnesota , meanwhile , has Clinton Trump votes —   Trump Washington state huge pickups for Trump over Clinton Minnesota Trump will be on Tuesday night , has 12 electoral votes . 
 Trump 