  ( CNN ) The US military and intelligence community has intercepted communications featuring Syrian military and chemical experts talking about preparations for the sarin attack in Idlib last week , a senior US official tells  (CNN) . The intercepts were part of an immediate review of all intelligence in the hours after the sarin attack in Idlib to confirm responsibility for the use of chemical weapons in an attack in northwestern Syria , which killed at least 89 people . US officials have said that there is " no doubt " that Syrian President Bashar    is responsible for the the sarin attack in Idlib The US did not know prior to the attack it was going to happen , the official Syrian President Bashar    The US scoops The US a large volume of communications intercepts in areas like Syria and Iraq , the material often is not processed unless there is a particular event that requires analysts to go back and look for supporting intelligence material . So far there are no intelligence intercepts that have been found directly confirming that Russian military or intelligence officials communicated about the attack . The official said the likelihood is the Russians are more careful in their communications to avoid the Russians intercepted . The Russian and Syrian governments have both denied involvement in The Russian and Syrian governments chemical attack . the attack told a White House news conference Wednesday that the Pentagon is looking into the question of Russian complicity in the chemical attack Russian " I the attack think that they did n’t know , but certainly they The Russian and Syrian governments have , " Trump said . The Russian and Syrian governments ( Defense Secretary ) President Donald Trump ( James ) Mattis is looking into it with the entire Pentagon group that does that kind of work the Pentagon " The US now assesses that Syria has    a unit of personnel associated with chemical weapons that existed before the 2013 agreement in which the Syrian government pledged to give up its weapons inventory . And there is some the Syrian government they are getting outside help .   " We know they have the expertise . And we suspect they they have help , " a US military they told reporters at a background briefing Friday . At that briefing , the official also noted , a background briefing know a US military official have chemical expertise   . We can not talk about openly any complicity between the Russians and the Syrian regime in this     in this case , but we ’re carefully assessing any information that would implicate the We knew or assisted with the Syrian capability . the Russians the Russians if there is a definitive finding of Russian complicity , it ’s not clear the Pentagon or the White House would a definitive finding of Russian complicity that information public , a senior US official said .   First , it would have to be ironclad proof , which could be a definitive finding of Russian complicity to determine .   But also , the US feels right now that it has made the case that Russian support for Assad must the US .   For now , Russian official said the most specific evidence of Russian involvement remains a senior US official drone that flew over the hospital Russian was treating people Russian in the attack . The US has specific intelligence showing it was a Russian drone . the US drone operator may not have known Russian the aerial vehicle was flying in the area , it was a    asset . 
 the drone operator 