Washington   ( CNN ) While much of the world is applauding President Donald Trump ’s decision to strike a Syrian airbase in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack against civilians ,    populist supporters at home and abroad are criticizing the move and distancing decision to strike a Syrian airbase in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack against civilians,   populist supporters at home and abroad from President Donald Trump . Nigel Farage , the    leader , aligned President Donald Trump with President Donald Trump during last year ’s campaign , spoke at President Donald Trump rallies and was among the first to meet with President Donald Trump after President Donald Trump election . On Friday morning , however , President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump was " very surprised " by the Syria action . " I think a lot of President Donald Trump voters will be waking up Friday morning and scratching their Trump voters and saying , ’Where will it all end ? ’ " he ’Where . " As a firm President Donald Trump supporter , I say , yes , the pictures were horrible , but I ’m surprised , " Farage continued , arguing that in a region riven by Islamic extremism , " whatever Assad ’s sins , he Assad secular . " Farage Farage captured the wave of    anger and frustration that followed the US strike     and they pointed up an odd reversal .   Populists who applauded Trump for his disdain Trump US interventions overseas and his campaign Trump that the US " can not be the policeman of the world " were aghast by the strike the US strike     contrast , an international community that has often held Trump at arm Trump length stepped up to declare their    support an international community that has often held Trump at arm’s length the new US president .   trump syria airstrike what we know , French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel     with whom Trump has had Trump chilly relations     said that Syrian President Bashar al " Assad is entirely responsible for the development of the situation . " NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg agreed and added that any use of chemical weapons " can not go unanswered . " The Syrian chemical attack on a    town killed more than 80 people and injured more than 500 , according to a Syrian Civil Defense report on the attacks . Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced that his government " Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau supports the United States’ limited and focused action to degrade the Assad regime ’s ability to launch chemical weapons attacks against innocent civilians . " And Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said his country supported Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe US resolve . United Kingdom Defense Secretary Michael Fallon told the BBC that " we fully support his country the Americans have done , " adding that the strike was " limited and wholly appropriate . " This made for a stark contrast to Farage , who urged Britain not to get involved in any further strikes . " Previous interventions in the Middle East have made things worse rather than better , " Farage said . The current leader of Farage ’s Independence Farage Paul Nuttall , said the strike was the strike ,    nonsensical and will achieve nothing . I hoped for better . " " The whole world rightly condemns the use of chemical weapons in Syria , but the US attack on the Assad regime does nothing to lower tensions , nor will it hasten peace in that the US attack on the Assad regime , " Nuttall said . " Too often , rash responses to horrific situations are about the conscience of the attacker rather than a    response to an awful situation . " Syrians react to US strike , In France , National Front leader Marine Le Pen also appeared to distance herself from Trump , saying National Front leader Marine Le Pen Twitter that she " strongly condemned " National Front leader Marine Le Pen " horrible " strike on the Syrian airbase .   " Is it too much to ask that we wait for the results of an independent international investigation before carrying out a strike like this in Syria ? " she told France 2 television National Front leader Marine Le Pen Friday .   Populist leaders within the US registered their disapproval as well . Populist leaders within the US I ’m deeply concerned that these strikes could lead to the United States once again the US into the quagmire of    military engagement in the Middle East , " said Vermont ’s Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders . " If the last 15 years have shown anything , it ’s that such engagements are disastrous for American security , for the American economy and for the American people . " Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul , a Paul atrocities in Syria , the United States was not attacked , " Paul said . " The President needs congressional authorization for military action as required by Paul , and I call on him to the US for a proper debate . " Some foreign policy experts also expressed dismay .   John Glaser , the libertarian Cato Institute ’s associate director of foreign policy studies The President said that " Congress ’s decision to attack the Syrian regime has no legal authority and little chance of actually mitigating the suffering of Syrians caught in the civil war . "   Syria military strikes Donald Trump Russia , Glaser went on the say that " the key now is to see whether Trump will be able to resist the temptation to escalate and avoid the kind of mission creep that has sucked the United States into hopeless Middle East quagmires in the past . " Further to the right on the political spectrum , Trump ’s    populist supporters in the US also condemned the missile attack . " I guess Trump was n’t ’Putin ’s puppet’ after all , he was just another deep     puppet . Trump ’m officially OFF the Trump train , " Infowars’ Paul Joseph Watson said . " It Trump been fun lads , but the fun is Trump , " he said in a post on Twitter . " I Trump be focusing my efforts on Le Pen , who tried to warn Trump against this disaster . "    commentator Ann Coulter , Trump campaigned for Trump , wrote on Twitter : " Those who wanted us meddling in the Middle East voted for other candidates Trump " " Trump campaigned on not getting involved in Mideast , " she Trump . " Said Twitter always helps our enemies   creates more refugees . Then he saw a picture on TV . " Trump former Brietbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos , who recently resigned Trump disgrace over comments that appeared to defend pedophilia , wrote on Twitter , " There Said a day in every child ’s life when his Daddy bitterly disappoints him . " 
 his 