American novelists have long complained about the ability of real life to outstrip fiction . In his landmark 1961 essay " Writing American Fiction , " Philip Roth observed that " actuality is continually outdoing our talents , and the culture tosses up figures almost daily that are the envy of any novelist . " The figure Roth cites is Charles Van Doren , of    scandal fame but place Mr. Van Doren next to Donald J. Trump , and you can measure the change in the nature of credibility over the past   . Mr. Van Doren was disgraced when it was revealed that he had Mr. Van Doren given the answers to the questions on the game show " " a contest that television viewers believed was real , not staged . Today an entire flourishing genre of television goes by the name " reality , " yet no one who watches it thinks it is it real   —    that is , unplanned and unedited . Artificiality is what makes reality television enjoyable , even though these same shows , if advertised as fiction , would appear banal , repetitive and undramatic . Reality is the ingredient that turns a bad fiction into an enthralling one . This dynamic is part of the novel ’s origins . The earliest English novels , from " Moll Flanders " ( 1722 ) to " Clarissa " ( 1748 ) were published anonymously , with titles that implied they were The earliest English novels, from "Moll Flanders" (1722) to "Clarissa" (1748) stories . It took generations to establish the conventions of fiction sufficiently to allow readers to take pleasure in novels that were explicitly untrue . The suspension of disbelief that fiction involves is a late stage in the evolution of taste , and it may prove to have been a temporary one . The rise of the memoir over the past few decades does n’t mean that readers are ready to abandon the techniques of fiction but , like readers three centuries ago , they want readers freedom of fiction along with consequentiality of fact . The author David Shields diagnosed this desire in his 2010 The author David Shields " Reality Hunger " : " I find it very nearly impossible to read a contemporary novel that presents itself     it a novel . " Many fiction writers share this intuition , though they respond Many fiction writers it in different ways . One way is to make the novel a contemporary novel that presents itself    as a novel its imitation of reality    an exaggeration , a    mirror . Has our reality since    felt apocalyptic ? Then imagine Manhattan being destroyed by zombies ( Colson Whitehead ’s " Zone One " ) or a flood ( Nathaniel Rich ’s " Odds Against Tomorrow " ) or civil war and foreign bankers ( Gary Shteyngart ’s " Super Sad True Love Story " ) . Because we know such things " could never happen , " they mark the story we know such things fiction because we know similar things have happened and will happen , they become truthful fictions we know such things An alternative approach is to make fiction as close to fact as possible , by reducing its scope to the one subject on which each writer is an unchallengeable authority : himself or herself . Ben Lerner ’s " 10:04 , " Tao Lin ’s " Taipei " and Sheila Heti ’s " How Should a Person Be ? " all seek to convince us that we are reading about us writer ’s actual life . These writers are engaged in a sophisticated project , in which the line between truth and fiction becomes harder and harder to make out . But this game has a     : Label a book " fiction , " and all is forgiven . A fiction can never be accused of being a lie . The problem is that , more and more , people seem to want to be lied to . This is the flip side of " reality hunger , " since a lie , like a fake memoir , is a fiction that does not admit its fictionality . That a fake memoir why the lie is so seductive : It allows the liar the lie his audience to cooperate in changing the nature of reality itself , in a way that can appear almost magical . " Magical thinking " is used as an insult , but it is perhaps the most primal kind of thinking there is . The problem for modern people is that we can no longer perform this magic naively , with an undoubting faith in the reality of our inventions . We we to ourselves we with a we conscience . When the memoir is exposed as not having " really " happened , we want our money we . we was one solution to this quandary , allowing us to suspend disbelief we the way that Coleridge said was essential for literature . But the postmodern solution is even more powerful : It is the simple the postmodern solution that allows us to recognize a lie as a lie but still treat it as if it the postmodern solution a reality the postmodern solution Reality shows are a trivial example of this technique , but when it comes to politics the same process can have deadly results . " The Protocols of the Elders of Zion " was published , like " Moll Flanders , " with no name on the title page it , too , claimed to be a true account of real events   —    in this case , a meeting at which Jews plotted to take over the world and destroy civilization . Perhaps some of its readers , when The Protocols of the Elders of Zion first appeared around The Protocols of the Elders of Zion and even today , sincerely believed that this was a real document . But the " Protocols " is even more powerful when endorsed by people who know it is false , the "Protocols" such an act turns fact itself into an irrelevance . People who can turn a lie into a truth have the power to shape reality they are poets of People who can turn a lie into a truth real . And the audience that gives them its willing suspension People who can turn a lie into a truth disbelief is a    in this uncanny transformation , just as novel readers conspire in their enchantment . The People who can turn a lie into a truth between demagogues and their audience is cemented People who can turn a lie into a truth their exhilarating consciousness of People who can turn a lie into a truth culpability . The problem with our " " politics is that a large share of the population has moved beyond true and false . They thrill precisely to a large share of the population has moved beyond true and false falsehood of a statement , because it shows that the speaker has the power to reshape reality in line with their own fantasies of a large share of the population has moved beyond true and false beleaguerment . To call novelists liars is naïve , because it mistakes their intention they never novelists to novelists believed in the first place . The same is true of demagogues . From its beginning , the novel has tested the distinction between truth , fiction and lie now the collapse of those distinctions has given us the age of Trump . We are entering a us in which the very idea of literature may come to seem a luxury , a distraction from political struggle . But the opposite is true : No matter how irrelevant hardheaded people may believe it to be , literature continually proves itself a sensitive instrument literature a leading indicator of changes that will manifest themselves in society and hardheaded people . Today as always , the imagination is our best guide to what reality has in store . 
 