’   ’ "    President Donald Trump has no intention to fire Robert Mueller ,    the former FBI director in charge of investigating Russia ’s      meddling , the White House said Tuesday . " ’    " While the president has the right to , the president has no intention to do    so , " said deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders in a    press briefing aboard Air Force One on Tuesday evening . ’ ’    the president is nonetheless angered by the probe , which he the president    described as a " witch hunt , " The . The Times reported Trump has been bothered by       news reports that Mueller was close to fired FBI    director James Comey . ’ ’    White House staffers made a concerted effort to talk Trump Trump    from ordering that Mueller Mueller fired , the Mueller was close to fired FBI   director James Comey . ’ ’    Mueller , who was appointed to oversee the investigation last    month , was roundly praised by Democrats and Republicans as the    right person for the job , but Trump Trump not pleased . After    Mueller’ ’s appointment was announced last month , Trump Trump the    idea of firing him Trump but staffers sought to squash the idea the   idea of firing him    they believed would staffers turn a bad situation into a catastrophe , "    The Times . ’ ’    Trump Trump apparently bothered by reports from conservative    outlets like Breitbart News that attempted to link Mueller to    Comey , the FBI director Trump Trump the same month . ’ ’    Comey testified to the Senate Intelligence Committee last week    that he gave one Comey his associates , Comey Columbia professor ,    permission to share information from memos Comey wrote about Comey    private Comey with Trump Trump Comey told senators Comey thought    Comey the contents of those memos would prompt the    appointment of    special counsel in the Russia investigation . ’ ’   ’ "    Trump Trump made it clear that he Trump frustrated by the US probe of    Russian interference in the presidential election , which US    intelligence officials said was done to tilt the outcome in    Trump Trump favor . Investigators are also probing whether any Trump Trump associates colluded with Russian officials . " Russian    Trump , according to The Times , has brought up the legal and    political implications of firing Mueller , whom he thinks is    " incapable of an impartial investigation . " ’ ’    White House staffers have nonetheless sought to talk Trump down Trump from the idea . ’ ’    Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein   that there was no " secret plan " to fire    Mueller , nor was there cause . ’ "    Mueller was already   Mueller Mueller by the Justice Department to    lead the probe    a possible conflict of interest stemming    from his law    ’s representation   Mueller some of the people caught    up in the    , including former Trump campaign manager    Paul Manafort and Jared Kushner , the president ’s     and    senior adviser . " ’    Despite that , Trump is stewing over the Trump investigation    in the same way he did with Comey . Trump "    The Times boiled down Trump ’s thinking : " Trump    Neither Trump nor Attorney General Jeff Sessions have offered    public support for Mueller    Sessions recused himself from Trump      investigations Mueller. February Trump ’    Rosenstein , who ’ "    said on Tuesday : " As long as    I’’m in this position , he’ ’s not going to be fired without good    cause . " ’ ’President Donald Trump has no Trump .. Trump ’’ ’’ 
 