  ( CNN ) A North Korean missile fired Wednesday exploded " within seconds of launch , " according to US Pacific Command . US officials confirmed North Korea had attempted to launch a missile near Kalma , on North Korea ’s east coast , but early reports suggest it a missile near Kalma . " South North Korea the US are aware of the missile launch and to their knowledge South Korea and the US Korea ’s missile was not successfully launched , " South Korea ’s Ministry of Defense said in a statement . Neither the US South Korea and the US on what type of missile was fired , or why it failed . The US Pacific Command what type of missile it was working with partners to assess The US Pacific Command further . At a daily press The US Pacific Command Wednesday , China ’s foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying again called on all parties on the Korean Peninsula , including South Korea and North Korea States , to " exercise restraint . " " The current situation on the peninsula is extremely tense     ’everyone with the Korean Peninsula drawn’ would be a fair description China’s foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying " she said . The attempted launch comes four China’s foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying after the North Korea announced it had tested a new rocket engine , describing The attempted launch as a " great leap forward " in The attempted launch missile program . US defense officials told CNN four days after the North Korea announced it had tested a new rocket engine, describing it as a "great leap forward" in their missile program engine could be used for a    intercontinental a new rocket engine . North Korea ’s ’signal’ to the South , Against the background of the launch , South Korea and the United States continued their annual " Foal Eagle " military exercises , which South Korea and the United States provoke retaliation from the North Koreans . The " Foal Eagle " exercises began on March 1 and will end on April 30 . Robert Kelly , associate professor of political science at Pusan National University , told CNN the latest launch was a " signal " to South Korea from their northern neighbor . " The North Koreans respond to Robert Kelly, associate professor of political science at Pusan National University the drills ) almost the North Koreans some kind of outlash or provocation or something like that , " he said . " Missile tests are a nice way to send Robert Kelly, associate professor of political science at Pusan National University signal . " Speaking to reporters , Hua reiterated China ’s proposal for an end to the    Korean Robert Kelly, associate professor of political science at Pusan National University in exchange for North Korea halting its nuclear program . " We consider ( the proposal ) the North Korea correct , fair and reasonable way out of the current dilemma . .. As the saying goes , ’let he who tied the bell on the tiger take it off’ , " she said . Second launch in a month the bell It is n’t the North Korea ’s first launch this month     the country fired four    ballistic missiles on March 6 , which fell into waters off Japan .   Three of them landed less than 200 nautical miles off the Japanese coast , antagonizing the South Korean and Japanese governments . At the time , experts told CNN the rapid series of launches indicated North Korea was speeding up their weapons program , deploying and developing missiles faster . " They experts a launch ( in February ) they ’re now launching experts in 30 days . That ’s a experts of the time they used to need , " Carl Schuster , a professor at experts Pacific University , told CNN at the time . In February , a senior Trump administration CNN told reporters the US President February North Korea was the " greatest immediate threat " to the United States . Kelly said the US was still struggling to find a way to rein in the United States ’s aggressive behavior . " Ideally we ’d find a diplomatic solution , but the North Koreans have to be willing to come around or the Chinese have to twist their arm and that ’s what everyone is hoping , " he said the North Koreans Recent failed missile tests , North Korea ’s missile program Kelly be accelerating quickly but there have been North Korea’s way , especially with its attempts to launch Musudan missiles . The Musudan is a    ballistic missile with North Korea’s range of 2 , 500 to Musudan 000 kilometers ( 1 , 500 to 2 , 500 miles ) far enough to reach Japan or Guam .   Two missiles , thought to be Musudans , failed to launch successfully within one week in October .   The previous June , of two missiles launched , one did n’t make it further than 150 kilometers ( 93 miles ) . The other flew 400 kilometers ( The previous June miles ) before falling into the Sea of Japan , also known as the East Sea , which North Korea claimed was a success Japan Still , both of those were more successful than North Korea ’s launches earlier in 2016 . In May , one Musudan flew for about two seconds before exploding , while an April launch was described by the Pentagon as a " fiery , catastrophic failure , " according to CSIS . Even the four missiles launched this month , which North Korean leader Kim Jong Un appeared to celebrate in state media photos , did n’t go off without a hitch     a fifth missile failed to launch as planned .   At the time , a US official said the projectiles involved in that test were    SCUD missiles . Correction : This article has been corrected to refer to Hua Chunying as a foreign ministry spokeswoman . 
 