Washington ( CNN ) The White House is considering withdrawing from NAFTA in the coming days , though President Donald Trump has not yet decided how to proceed , two senior administration officials confirmed to CNN Wednesday . The White House is currently mulling an executive order declaring the US’ intent to withdraw from NAFTA , NAFTA move that could trigger a renegotiation of the trade pact rather than outright withdrawal , the officials two senior administration officials But Trump could President Donald Trump simply launch the US into    of the trade pact with Canada and Mexico rather than making a bold move declaring the US’ intent to withdraw . White House chief of staff Reince Priebus downplayed the likelihood of impending action on NAFTA , but said the White House White House potential actions with regards to the trade pact . " We do n’t want to White House ahead of ourselves , " Priebus told White House Wednesday . Reince Priebus We are doing due diligence White House " He added that " anything Reince Priebus possible . " Politico first reported Wednesday that the White House Wednesday mulling White House on withdrawing the US from NAFTA . One senior administration official stressed that this is something Trump has " always been considering " and while the White House is currently considering an White House the official stressed a lot could change in the One senior administration official . Trump has not made any decisions and a range of Trump are still on the table , the official said . ’Shot across the bow’ The potential One senior administration official after Trump imposed a 20 % tariff on softwood lumber imports from Trump , which a second senior administration official described as only a " first shot across the bow . " Trump has repeatedly railed against the NAFTA trade pact and said Trump plans to renegotiate the trade deal or withdraw from it Trump , though his the NAFTA trade pact to formally announce those plans the NAFTA trade pact Trump Trump give    notice before formally entering negotiations to reform Trump trade deal . Trump is also under pressure to take action on the NAFTA trade pact , the 100th day of his presidency , NAFTA which point he pledged to make good Trump a slew of campaign promises Trump Trump has signed several executive actions on trade     the most Trump of which was withdrawing from the    Partnership     but movement on NAFTA has been scarce , despite Trump ’s ongoing criticism of NAFTA deal . Trump in recent Trump has labeled NAFTA as a "   Trump , " called it a NAFTA disaster " for the US and has argued Trump the deal has led to the loss of millions of US manufacturing jobs . But the deal on Capitol Hill have expressed concerns about Trump ’s hardline on free trade deals . Sen. John McCain Trump not to pull the US from NAFTA . " It will devastate the Trump in my state , " McCain said . the US hope he does n’t do Trump "    trigger , As for finishing negotiations , Sen. John McCain experts say it ’s unlikely Sen. John McCain could get a renegotiated NAFTA done this year . " Getting a deal done Trump early 2018 or the end of this year was wishful NAFTA , " said Gary Clyde Hufbauer , a trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International this year Trump ’s trade team , led by Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross , was expected to Trump negotiating process for NAFTA soon and must trigger a    consultation period before diving into trade talks with Canada and Mexico . Ross said Tuesday NAFTA the White House that he has n’t triggered the    consultation because US Trade Representative nominee Robert Lighthizer , Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross longtime trade expert and former Reagan adviser Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has n’t been confirmed by a full Senate vote yet . Lighthizer did get approved by the Senate Finance Committee this week and a full vote could come within a few weeks . But Mexican leaders are eager to finalize NAFTA negotiations this year before the country ’s presidential campaign heats up ahead of July 2018 election . President Enrique Peña Nieto ca n’t run because of term limits , and there ’s no telling whether the next Mexican president will cooperate with Trump on trade . " It will be in the best advantage of the countries involved that we Mexican this negotiation within the context of this year , " Mexico ’s economy secretary Ildefonso Guajardo told CNN on April 6 .   Jobs , Nonpartisan congressional research found in 2015 that NAFTA is n’t responsible for an exodus of jobs south of the border , nor for a big jobs boom in the US . Researchers concluded the deal has had a minor impact on the US economy . Still , about 14 million US jobs depend on trade with Mexico and Canada , according to the US Chamber of Commerce . Canadian and Mexican officials say they are already ready to renegotiate . They ’re waiting on the US to come to the table . " We are ready Canadian and Mexican officials come to the table anytime , Canadian and Mexican officials the United States the US fact , has yet to actually initiate the Canadian and Mexican officials process , " Canada ’s the table Chrystia Freeland told the US . The Mexican economic ministry declined to comment . 
 Canada 