  ( CNN ) On Saturday morning , President Donald Trump may have unleashed President Donald Trump most    tweet      at least to those who believe the United States should not become a    dictatorship . And I do n’t make that comment simply to be provocative or without giving that comment a great deal of thought . Our democracy is far more fragile than some might grasp and President Donald Trump is engaging in a concerted effort to undermine the workings of President Donald Trump . Here is President Donald Trump ’s truly    tweet from Saturday morning : " The opinion of this    judge , which essentially takes    away from our country , is ridiculous and will be overturned ! "   Why is this so concerning ? this ’s OK to argue about whether the judge should or should n’t have issued this order . But President Donald Trump is apparently attempting to delegitimize our federal judiciary by calling Judge James Robart , a George W.    judge , a " " judge while arguing that President Donald Trump decision is " ridiculous . " Let ’s be blunt , because the stakes demand the stakes : An independent federal judiciary is our last , best hope at preventing Trump from violating the US Constitution and illegally grabbing power . And Trump has to understand that , hence Trump attempt to undermine it . The President truly appears to be leading a master class in transforming the United States into a dictatorship . Trump and it Trump fair to assume it is by design     has sought to undermine anyone or anything that tries to counter him The President   First , Trump Trump made the media     which is a watchdog of our presidents     a focus of his The President , calling them the media    which is a watchdog of our presidents    a focus of his attacks dishonest , " claiming they the media    which is a watchdog of our presidents    a focus of his attacks " fake news " and even recently labeling them the media    which is a watchdog of our presidents    a focus of his attacks the opposition party . " The practical result is that when the media calls out Trump ’s lies and presents objective facts to counter him The President his The President will likely dismiss the media reports and instead side with Trump .   Then Trump Trump after our intelligence agencies because he Trump n’t agree with their our intelligence agencies on Russia ’s involvement in our our election . Trump Trump out , calling these our intelligence agencies charged with gathering information for our national security , " disgraceful " and accusing them of our intelligence agencies information , comparing it to " something that Nazi Germany would have done . "   Trump Trump clearly begun the process of destroying their credibility so if they come their in the future to oppose his Trump or offer facts to undermine his Trump , he Trump tell his Trump they also his followers n’t to be believed . And now Trump , who attacked a judge during his campaign a judge citing his Mexican a judge , has turned on our judiciary again . But this time it ’s this time more disturbing given Trump is not a candidate , but president of the United States . The rationale must be assumed to be the same , namely that Trump wants Trump delegitimize the judiciary our judiciary court decisions Trump disagrees with Trump be viewed by his followers as Trump the least horribly partisan , or at worst invalid .   It ’s frightening to think where this could lead . For example , when the United States Supreme Court ruled in the historic case of Brown v. Board of Education that racial segregation in our public schools was unconstitutional , it took    Dwight Eisenhower to implement that decision . Arkansas Gov. Orval Faubus had refused to follow the Court ’s that decision high school in his state with National Guard troops to prevent Arkansas Gov. Orval Faubus integration . Eisenhower responded by federalizing the an   high school in his state with National Guard troops National Guard to enforce the Supreme Court ’s seminal decision and allow that decision .   Would Trump do the same if he had passionately disagreed with the Court ’s decision or would he simply Trump it while attacking the the Supreme Court’s a constitutional crisis ? And Trump that decision    federal agency heads , or even federal officers , refuse to follow court orders ( or at least do it very slowly ) because Trump has convinced them the federal judiciary ’s decisions can not be trusted ? There ’s no doubt Trump supporters are federal agency heads, or even federal officers loyal to him personally .   Keep in mind that Trump infamously bragged that Trump could even shoot a person Trump Fifth Avenue in New York and his Trump would still be Trump his side . And according to a    poll , while Trump Trump only a 44 % approval Trump overall , 90 % of Republicans think he ’s doing Trump good job . The Founding Fathers enshrined a separation of powers in our Constitution Trump that there would be inherent checks and balances to avoid a situation where a president could become a king . After all , the Founders had just risked life and limb rebelling against the King the King of England . Trump ’s concerted attacks to delegitimize our media , our intelligence community and now our federal judiciary would have no doubt alarmed them . And it should be terrifying to every American who our believes in our Constitution and in the our media, our intelligence community and now our federal judiciary of America . 
 