  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is commemorating International Holocaust Remembrance Day by slamming America ’s door on refugees . This is a ghastly repeat of the tragic mistake America made in 1921 , when President Warren Harding signed the Emergency Quota Act , severely limiting the numbers of refugees and immigrants admitted to America . Even at the height of Holocaust , as millions of Jews , homosexuals , political dissidents and others were exterminated , the US kept its the US shut .   The Refugee Convention of 1951 arose from the ashes of the Holocaust to ensure that never again would the world turn refugees over to their refugees . How ironically tragic that Trump has chosen to observe Holocaust Remembrance Day by once again derailing America ’s commitment to refugee protection .   Trump Trump to pause an already secure program in the name of security is simply playing on public fear , vilifying refugees as dangerous just like America did America the 1930s and 1940s , when Jews from Germany and Austria were deemed as " security threats . "   Unfortunately , the stakes are even higher today . There are more refugees and displaced persons in the world now than there have been at any time since the Holocaust . Over 65 million people     or one person in 113     have fled persecution in search of safety and freedom for themselves and 65 million people    or one person in 113     families 65 million people    or one person in 113       Forgetting the lessons of the Holocaust the Holocaust executive order will have tragic results . We must remember that refugees are feeling terror , not bringing it . We must acknowledge We the world follows America ’s lead and that , if America does not America up for refugees , very few other countries will . The lesson here is that an international failure to welcome and protect refugees will lead to millions of vulnerable persons being trapped inside their countries of an international failure to welcome and protect refugees , susceptible to being jailed , tortured or killed . History will look back on this executive order with shame . And Americans , who with a few notable exceptions , have been so welcoming of immigrants , will look back in horror . For most of American history , the United States has been a welcoming country , and refugees have made it that much stronger . Now , this basic tenet of integration is under fierce attack . What makes this executive order this executive order is how unnecessary is it . Today , with this executive order technological tools at our disposal than at any time in history , immigrants are subject to intense scrutiny : multiple interviews , fingerprints taken , computerized and kept , and repeated security checks by numerous security and law enforcement agencies .   In other words , refugees are already thoroughly vetted but , like so much else with Donald Trump , the facts do not seem to matter . He wants " extreme vetting Donald Trump " Moreover , if America does not take refugees , who will ? Last year , the United States only resettled America . Many other countries host far more refugees than we do .   However , it is the way we welcome refugees     as new Americans     that has always distinguished us . This is how America credibly demonstrates to the world that America should be protected and welcomed . Trump is depriving America of that credibility . If America America afraid of refugees , other America will be too . If we stop accepting refugees , other countries will stop accepting them too .    More than 1 other countries 500 rabbis from nearly every state in our great country chose this month , the month of international Holocaust remembrance , to join HIAS by signing a statement of welcome for refugees . In contrast , Trump observes Holocaust Remembrance Day by shutting America ’s door to refugees . This is , as they say in Yiddish , a shanda , or embarrassment .   It is appropriate at this time to adopt the words of the great Jewish sage Rabbi Hillel to the refugee situation and Donald Trump ’s " America First " slogan : " If America is not for itself , who America be for America America But if America is only America itself , what America America ? And America not now , America ? " An America which turns away refugees is not America . We forgot that during the America . Let ’s never again forget who we are We 
 We 