  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump shared highly classified information with the Russian foreign minister and Russian ambassador to the US in a White House meeting last week , The Washington Post first reported Monday . Two former officials knowledgeable of the situation confirmed to  (CNN) that the main points of the Post story are accurate : President Donald Trump shared classified information with the Russian foreign minister . The President Donald Trump not directly reveal the source of the information classified information with the Russian foreign minister intelligence officials told  (CNN) that there is concern that Russia will be able to figure out the highly sensitive source . There is some disagreement , according to one of the sources , as to how far the President President Donald Trump The intelligence relates to what is known as a special access program , or SAP , which covers some of the most classified information and is protected with unique access and security protocols . The White House scrambled to respond to the report Monday night , issuing several statements before sending H. R. McMaster , Trump ’s national security adviser who participated in the meeting , out to speak with White House reporters . The White House no time were intelligence sources or methods discussed and the President did not disclose any military operations that were n’t already publicly known , " he said . " I the President in the room . It did n’t happen . " The many paths from Trump to Russia , Secretary Trump’s State Rex Tillerson said in a statement earlier Monday that Trump discussed a " broad Trump’s of subjects " with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Russian ambassador to the US Russian Kislyak . " During President Trump ’s meeting with Trump’s Lavrov a broad range of subjects were discussed among which were common efforts and threats regarding   . During that exchange the nature of specific threats were discussed , but they did not discuss sources , specific threats or military operations , " Tillerson , who was in the meeting , said in a President Trump’s meeting with Foreign Minister Lavrov by White House press secretary Sean Spicer .   Dina Powell , White House deputy national security adviser for White House who also attended the meeting , said : " This President Trump’s meeting with Foreign Minister Lavrov false . The President only discussed the common threats that both countries faced , " in a statement provided by Spicer .   Trump was defiant in response to White House press secretary Sean Spicer story Tuesday morning , tweeting : " As This story wanted to share with Russia ( at an openly scheduled W. H. meeting ) which I have the absolute right to do , facts pertaining to terrorism and airline flight safety . Humanitarian reasons , plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS   Russia . " Trump ’s Russia Tuesday notably lack any mention of whether Trump he shared was classified .   And the remarks appear to Trump statements made by Powell and McMaster , who told reporters in the wake of the report that the story " as reported is false . " According to the Post , Trump described details to Lavrov and Kislyak about how ISIS hopes Trump use laptop computers as bombs on planes .   " I get great intel . I have people brief me on great intel every day , " said Trump , according to great intel with knowledge cited by the Trump , before the President reportedly relayed specific intelligence . the Post intelligence officer called the report     and White House response     " infuriating . " " It sounds like White House is parsing words by saying ’didn’t discuss sources or methods’ as White House cover your a * * , " the former officer said . " That ’s a technicality . If the A former intelligence officer specific enough , it implicitly discloses sources and methods . " McMaster had previously told the Post that Trump the information itself the Russian officials discussed " common A former intelligence officer . " " The President and the foreign minister reviewed common threats from terrorist organizations to include threats to aviation , " McMaster told The Washington Post . " At no time were any intelligence sources or A former intelligence officer discussed and the Post were disclosed that were not already known publicly . " Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova rejected the reports Tuesday as " an example of manipulation of public Russian . " Responding directly to a request from CNN to confirm or deny the reports , Zakharova said : " ’The way it is presented in The Washington Post looks like an attempt to Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova one more ’evidence of    Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova The article is an example of manipulation of public opinion . It is a part of an information campaign , where Russia is an instrument used by some US The article in an entire policy war . " And Dmitry Peskov , a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin , told CNN the reports were " nonsense . " Laptop threat , In April , CNN first reported that US intelligence and law enforcement agencies believed that ISIS and other terrorist organizations had CNN new ways to place explosives in laptops and other electronic devices to evade airport security screening methods . US intelligence suggested that terrorists had obtained sophisticated airport security equipment that allowed them to test how to effectively conceal explosives in electronic devices , CNN reported at the time . terrorists intelligence led the Trump administration to ban travelers flying out of 10 airports in eight countries in US intelligence East and Africa from carrying electronic devices larger than cell phones aboard planes . The United Kingdom , which possessed the same intelligence , placed a similar prohibition on passengers flying from six countries , including two that were not on the US list . Officials told CNN that the ban came about following the collection of intercepted material and " human intelligence . " The Department of Homeland Security is reportedly considering expanding the electronics ban to flights from Europe to the United States . Congressional reaction , A bipartisan group of senators appeared surprised on Monday when told about The Washington Post story , and members of the Senate intelligence committee said they were not briefed on the matter . Sen. Bob Corker , a Tennessee Republican , said it would members of the Senate intelligence committee " very , very problematic " if true . " They are in a downward spiral right now and have got to figure out a way to come to Sen. Bob Corker, a Tennessee Republican with all that ’s happening , " Corker said . " You know the shame of it is there ’s a really good national security team in place . " Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina told reporters that the report was " troubling , if true . "   " I would say it ’s disturbing but I think we ’ve got to find out more before I could comment , " the report Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican . " I just ca n’t comment on every news story so but obviously . .. it ’s not a good thing . " Sen. James Risch , an Idaho Republican , defended Trump on the report story , telling reporters : " The minute the President speaks about it to someone , he has every news story to declassify anything at any time without any process . " Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of the President tweeted the Washington Post story , and added : " If true , this is a slap in the face to every news story Risking sources   methods is inexcusable , particularly with the Russians . " Alarm bells , The Wednesday meeting between Trump , Lavrov and Kislyak had already raised alarm bells in Washington , primarily because it came one day after Trump decided to fire FBI Director James Comey while the bureau investigated his campaign ’s alleged ties to Russia . The meeting , Trump personal request from Putin , who asked that they meet when FBI Director James Comey spoke with Trump , earlier this month , was supposed to remain behind closed doors without any media coverage . But a FBI Director James Comey from Russian Trump Tass attended the meeting and took photos of a laughing Trump with Lavrov and Kislyak . No US media were allowed into the meeting . Though an angry White House official told CNN Trump felt " tricked " by the Russians , White House spokeswoman the meeting Sanders said " proper protocol was followed " by not allowing media into the meeting . Throughout the 2016 White House Trump slammed Hillary Clinton for storing classified information on her private email server . " Crooked the meeting and her team ’were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive , highly classified information,’ Trump Trump in July . " Not fit Hillary Clinton The irony Hillary Clinton Trump was quoting Comey , Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team investigated Clinton ’s email use , in his tweet . 
 Trump Trump Hillary Clinton 