’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s   backing the diplomatic isolation of Qatar by    several Gulf nations seem to depart from his own State    Department ’s stance on the issue . " ’    On Monday , the governments of Saudi Arabia , the United Arab    Emirates , Egypt , and Bahrain announced the governments of Saudi Arabia, the United Arab   Emirates, Egypt, and Bahrain had severed    diplomatic relations with Qatar . ’ ’    Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was quick to urge    representatives of each country to " sit down together and address    these differences " and said the US thinks it’ ’s important that the    Gulf Cooperation Council , which includes Qatar as well as Saudi    Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Bahrain to " remain    unified . " ’ ’    Tillerson also said " ’ ’   Tillerson doesn’’t think the diplomatic isolation of    Qatar would have " any significant impact , if any impact at all "    on the " fight against terrorism in the region or globally . " ’ "    But Trump hit Twitter on Tuesday morning to deliver a message    that stood in stark contrast to the measured calm of Tillerson ’s    statements . " ’’ ’    In a series of tweets , Trump appeared to take credit for the      move . Trump visited Saudi Arabia last month and met    with some Gulf leaders . ’ ’    " During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can    no longer be funding of Radical Ideology , " Trump .    " Leaders pointed to Qatar    look ! " ’ ’    Trump     that it was " so good " to see Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia already    paying off    " ’ ’    " They said they Leaders take Leaders hard line on funding . .. extremism ,    and all reference was pointing to Qatar . Perhaps Qatar will be the    beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism ! " Trump tweeted . Trump "    Before he started tweeting Trump Qatar , Trump Qatar clear that    it ’s his Trump voters Trump rely on to convey how he really    Trump .    ’    " The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use    Social Media , " he     in Trump to the mainstream media . " They hate that the mainstream media can get    the honest and unfiltered message out . " ’ ’    But Trump’ ’s remarks stand in contrast even to his own previous Trump comments on Qatar . He told the Trump last month that " our    relationship is extremely good " with the country . Qatar    State Department officials reinforced this message on Tuesday . ’ ’    " Our relationship with Qatar our one that’ Qatar strong , " State    Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert   at a press briefing Tuesday afternoon . " We    continue to cooperate with Qatar and other countries Qatar the    region in the fight against terrorism . " ’ ’    She ’ ’    We recognize that Qatar has made great Qatar to    try to stop financing of    groups . .. However , let me make    this clear : they have    progress , but    still have work to       . " ’ ’    When asked about the apparent contradiction between Trump’ ’s    statements and the State Department’ ’s stance , Nauert said    Secretary of State Tillerson has    clear in the past that    Trump’ ’s tweets are " serving the president pretty well . " ’ ’    " The secretary says , ’’ I Secretary of State to advise him on how to    communicate . Secretary of State ’s up to him , ’’ " Nauert said . Secretary of State ’    Nauert Spicer , the ’ ’    secretary , gave a similar     to    reporters during his press briefing Tuesday . ’ ’    " The president is the most effective messenger on his agenda and    I think his use of The president media . .. gives him The president opportunity to    speak straight to the The president people , which has proved to be a    very effective tool , " Spicer said . ’ "    But Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker    appeared visibly shocked by Trump ’s words Tuesday morning when    reporters asked him to comment . Corker   before asking when Trump president    had posted the tweets . " ’    " The president ? " the Tennessee Republican asked . " I want to go    back and see specifically what he has said . " ’ ’    " the Tennessee Republican general stance as a nation has been that these things ebb    and flow and they come up from time to time but we’’ve these things with    all the countries , " . ’ " President Donald Trump ’s statements backing the . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 