  ( CNN ) California is now talking about secession after the Trump election victory Tuesday .   The " Yes California " campaign is pushing an independence referendum in support of a constitutional exit from the United States .    While the Constitution contains provisions for accepting new states , there are n’t any provisions dealing with a state exit .   Advocates insist there is a procedural path .   One option , according to proponents of " Calexit , " is an amendment to the Constitution permitting the Golden State to leave the Union . If that an amendment to the Constitution permitting the Golden State to leave the Union with a    majority in both the Senate and the House it would an amendment to the Constitution permitting the Golden State to leave the Union sent to the 50 state legislatures .     out of 50 statehouses would have to approve it to an amendment to the Constitution permitting the Golden State to leave the Union what the Supreme Court calls the " consent of the states " requirement established in the 1869 Texas v. White decision .   Another path would require a convention of the states the states similar 76 % state approval . But what if California does n’t feel like doing it the amicable way ?   What if California does n’t California to ask permission what if California simply wants California leave ?    Maybe you ’re thinking , " Did n’t Texas talk about Texas the same thing but no one took them seriously ? California doesn’t want to ask permission what if California simply wants to leave Or , like a lot of Americans , you ’re probably drawing on your high school civics lessons , shaking your head , and muttering to yourself : " C’mon . States ca n’t secede from the Union .   Was n’t this issue settled hundreds of years ago in the American Civil War ? " Sort of .   Maybe not , though .    In a way , secession is an American tradition .   As colonies , we seceded from our British union we states " seceded " from a confederation of other     when they ratified a new constitution Nine states created the United States .    Less than a hundred    later , some Southerners maintained secession was legally justified by the Declaration of Independence . Other secessionists argued that the Union was a voluntary the Union into , the terms of which were breached by the North .      The federal government disagreed .   It disagreed by way of brute The federal government     war , and the bloodiest armed conflict in our nation ’s history . Only after the war did the Supreme Court brute force    war official , and legal , holding Only after the war when the states accepted the the Constitution , they also waived their right to leave the states Union . the states So while there is some judicial and military precedent forbidding states from leaving , we also do n’t have to look far to imagine a scenario where a state flouted federal supremacy .   We can see states doing it right now , with marijuana laws .   California , Massachusetts and Nevada were the latest to approve recreational use of marijuana in Tuesday ’s election .   Meanwhile , according to the White House , " these state marijuana laws do not change the fact that using marijuana continues to be an offense under federal law . "     The states’ increasing defiance is like a    and presents a minor crisis of federalism .   The Department of Justice looks completely impotent by insisting it is " committed to enforcing the The Department of Justice Substances Act , " but not actually doing anything about it in states that contradict federal authority the Controlled Substances Act legalizing marijuana . In fairness , a state leaving the Union is much more drastic an event than legalizing bong hits and   .   It ’s also not likely that a a state leaving the Union would simply break up with the United States unilaterally .   But what would the federal government actually do if California just declared itself free ?   The vote to the federal government marijuana on Tuesday alone shows us California is n’t exactly shaking in its California at federal authority .   the federal government secession ?   Would the President send in the    Spectre gunships and Bradley Fighting Vehicles   —    against separatist Californians ?    It sounds insane .   Our Civil War happened during a less enlightened , more brutish era , right ?   But civil wars still happen in the modern world .   Just a few months ago , Turkish military helicopters were firing on Turkish citizens .   In 2016 Colombia finally ended a civil conflict that killed an estimated 220 , 000 people and displaced millions . The United States is hardly immune to civil unrest in modern times , either .    The reality is that if California really wanted to , it could probably just leave the United The reality .   It would The United States , illegal act .   But what could Washington actually do about it ?   Post another The United States on the White It webpage saying it does n’t approve ?   No president would the White House webpage in the military , would he ?  
 No president 