Since the Fox Business Debate last week , Ted Cruz and Donald Trump have taken the gloves off in a battle for first place in the Republican nomination for president . [ Here is a timeline of attacks :   Monday : Donald Trump : " Everybody Hates Ted " " You know everybody hates Ted Ted It ’s a very tough thing . They all hate him Ted a lot of reasons , but they They all him Ted And by the way he Ted attacked me so when he Ted me as you know I ’m a   . You ’ve seen a lot of people attack me and you see where they are a lot of people He Ted me first . " Ted Ted Remember When Donald Trump Loved Me ? A Super PAC supporting Ted Cruz Ted video featuring audio of Trump praising the Texas Donald Trump for all that he had done in the Texas Senator D. C.   —    calling him a " special the Texas Senator " Sunday : Ted Cruz : Ted Is Donald Trump On ? " Donald Trump Democrat debate begins , Republicans have to wonder which team Donald Trump would play for , Donald Trump Cruz wrote on Ted sharing a past video of Trump explaining to reporters why he likes Bill Donald Trump Hillary Ted .   Donald Trump : Ted Cruz Controlled by " Donald Trump Y. Bosses . " Donald Trump : Ted Cruz Supported Justice Roberts Ted Donald Trump like hell to get Ted Roberts in there , " Trump said on ABC News’ This Week . " Justice Roberts Donald Trump out to be an absolute disaster , he Justice Roberts Justice Roberts be an absolute disaster because he gave us Justice Roberts . " Donald Trump : Ted Cruz is Justice Roberts Nasty Guy Ted Look Donald Trump truth is , he ’s a nasty guy . He Ted so nice to me . Ted mean , I knew it . I was watching    Donald Trump      he ’s a nasty guy . Nobody Ted him . Nobody in Congress likes him Ted Nobody likes him anywhere once Ted get to know Ted . He ’s a very   Ted     Ted Nobody in Congress got an edge that ’s Ted good . You ca n’t make deals with people like that and it ’s not a good thing . It ’s not a good thing for the country . Very nasty guy , it Trump said on ABC ’s This Week . Ted Cruz Defines Donald Trump ’s New York Values , " He explained in his views that he was    he supported partial birth abortion Ted Cruz open to Ted Cruz marriage , Ted Cruz his explanation Ted Cruz all that , he said , I ’m a New Yorker Ted Cruz I ’m from Manhattan . Ted Cruz are the views of New York . Those are what New York values are , they ’re not New York , but Those ’s New New York , " Ted Cruz Those on Fox News Sunday : Saturday : Donald New York the day with a Tweetstorm against Ted Cruz : Donald Trump Tweetstorm Against Cruz , Ted Cruz Mocks Donald Trump ’s Twitter Habits Ted Cruz That has got to drive him nuts , Ted Cruz imagine Donald Trump Donald Trump bed this morning tweeting and tweeting and tweeting . I think in terms of a commander in That , him ought to have someone who is n’t springing out of bed to tweet in a frantic response to the latest polls , " Cruz said .   Donald Trump Attacks Cruz on Bank Loans : " He did n’t report his bank loans , excuse me . Did n’t report his bank loans . Say whatever you want Donald Trump Attacks Cruz on Bank Loans " Trump said Bank Loans ’s got bank loans from Goldman Sachs Donald Trump Attacks Cruz on Bank Loans He Bank Loans loans from Citibank . And then he acts like Donald Trump Attacks Cruz on Bank Loans Hood . " Ted Cruz attacks Donald Trump Donald Trump Attacks Cruz on Bank Loans ‘ Nervous Energy’ " Donald ’s record does not Donald Trump Attacks Cruz on Bank Loans what he says as a candidate Donald Trump Attacks Cruz Cruz said . " It seems Trump a lot of nervous energy . For whatever reason , Donald does n’t Donald well Donald Trump Attacks Cruz he ’s going down in the polls . " Ted Donald questions Donald Trump ’s liberal record : " Donald ’s record Donald not match what he says Donald a candidate . Donald Trump Attacks Cruz what Donald says on the campaign trail Trump conservative , but voters are discerning Donald Cruz said .   Friday   Donald Trump : Ted Cruz comment lost voters , Donald I can tell you one thing , if Donald Trump Attacks Cruz live in New York , you ’re not Donald Trump Attacks Cruz like him . He gave up about 20 million votes last night , " Trump said in an interview with Morning Joe . Ted Cruz Fake Apologizes To Donald Trump and New Yorkers , Ted Cruz comment Donald Ted Cruz comment , Hillary Clinton , and Andrew Cuomo and Bill de Friday  Donald Trump have all demanded an apology , and I ’m happy to apologize , Friday  Donald Trump told reporters . " I apologize Friday  Donald Trump millions of New Yorkers who have been let down by the liberal politicians in that state . " Thursday night   —    Post Debate , Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Andrew Cuomo and Bill de Blasio Cruz : Donald Trump Attacking Me Because of Low Poll Numbers , " I think the reason is simple   —    his poll numbers are falling , " he said , when asked by Neil Cavuto why Donald Trump had begun attacking him .   Trump : The bromance is over , " I guess the Donald Trump Attacking Me is over because he hit me Donald Trump Attacking Me I did n’t hit him , " Trump said . " I hit Donald Trump after the Donald Trump    …      There was no reason for him The bromance that aggressive . Donald Trump Who do you think is winning ? Donald Trump us know Donald Trump the Comments section below . Donald Trump Donald Trump 