Breitbart News National Security Editor Dr. Sebastian Gorka , author of the    book Defeating Jihad : The Winnable War , joined SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Wednesday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily to discuss security issues around the world . [ The conversation began with Raheem Kassam asking Dr. Gorka for Dr. Gorka take on CIA Director John Brennan , saying that if    Donald Trump keeps Donald Trump campaign promise to exit from the Iran nuclear deal , it would be " the height of folly . "   CIA Director John Brennan CIA Director John Brennan be honest , was a man who was an intelligence analyst , worked through the system , tried his hand at a man who was an intelligence analyst an operator , failed abysmally , was a very unsatisfactory chief of station , and then under the Obama administration became the wingman for the President , promoting his disastrous policies a man who was an intelligence analyst the world , " Gorka replied . Kassam next brought up the terrorist attack on Ohio State University by    refugee Abdul Razak Ali Artan and the Islamic State ’s claim of responsibility . " We have to look at the forensics of that claim , ’s claim of responsibility advised . Gorka We have to look We what he was posting on social media , his connections on the he . The rapidity with which the claim was made is very interesting . So I ’d give it a    chance the claim this is a serious claim of responsibility for the attack . " Kassam noted that all of these " lone wolf jihad " stories seem to circle back to one person , whom Gorka was able to name immediately : Anwar   . He agreed with Kassam Anwar   comment that Kassam to have a more enduring legacy as an inspiration for terrorism than even Osama bin Laden . " There is one man who , from beyond the grave , is perhaps the most dangerous jihadi today . It is Anwar " Gorka declared . " Any significant case , whether it ’s the Boston bombing case , whether it ’s this case , the Boston bombing case or the Boston bombing case you find that the individuals who executed that attack were consuming Anwar   ’s audio lectures , were reading his materials . He is more Anwar   than bin Anwar   today , by a long shot . " " The key thing about Anwar    is that this is Anwar   who was socialized in both worlds that are essential to successful jihadi operations , " Gorka explained . " Coming , as his family did , from Yemen , Anwar   growing up from a young age in America , means that he straddles both cultures . He can Anwar   the hadith . He Anwar   quote the Koran . He Anwar   talk about the need for Anwar   to cleanse Islam of the influence , the undermining corruption of the West . But at the same time , he knows how to do it in Anwar   . He knows how to do it using Anwar   cultural themes of the it . And as a result the West is all the more dangerous , Anwar   he is n’t like bin Laden : Anwar   man who was born and raised in Saudi Arabia , spent his formative years in Afghanistan . This Anwar   a man who operated in both worlds , and that is why he is so deadly . " Gorka Anwar   there has been no effort to delegitimize Awlaki as a religious authority , the way Osama bin Laden was diminished after his decidedly unheroic death because " we ’d Osama bin Laden to talk about religion , and we ’re not allowed to do that , we least under the current administration . " " If we have the censorship , the political correctness that we do here in Washington   —    and to be honest , in the UK , as well   —    you ca n’t talk about the credibility of individual jihadi strategists without talking about religion , without talking about Islam , without talking about the religious texts they ’re quoting . So if you deny individual jihadi strategists , if you say that ’s prohibited territory , then all you have is the killing part of it , the     that we call it here in the United States . And as a result , you miss the broader picture , which is the ideology of why people become terrorists . "   " At least here in America , I do n’t know about the the United States , that ’s all going to change on January 20th , " Gorka predicted , referencing the date of President Trump ’s inauguration . Kassam asked if the appointment of Mitt Romney as secretary of state would represent the kind of change for which Gorka was hoping . " That would depend Gorka upon the agreement that he came to with Mr. Trump , " Gorka replied . " President Trump’s that people Gorka n’t understand is that Mr. Trump is different . You ca n’t judge President Trump’s the expectations of former politicians and former   President Trump’s This guy has his own rule book . " " President Trump’s not my President Trump’s candidate , I ’ll be honest President Trump’s but the decision is up to Mr. Trump . And if he can come to a deal President Trump’s    well , he President Trump’s the dealmaker par excellence , " Gorka added . " President Trump’s ’d like to see somebody like Ambassador Bolton , a hardcore individual who knows where the skeletons are buried at the State Department . But at the end of the day , the American people chose Donald J. Trump , and he will choose his own cabinet . President Trump’s Kassam mentioned the shocking President Trump’s of a President Trump’s intelligence officer who was arrested for helping to plot an Islamist terror attack on his own organization ’s headquarters . " Do you think this is a sole Kassam , or do you think there is a wider attempt to infiltrate these organizations ? " he asked . " I ’ve always said , for years now , there is no such thing as ‘ lone wolf terrorism,’ " Gorka answered . " That is a phrase invented to make the average voter stupid . We never , ever have seen a significant plot of an individual sitting in his basement , getting online , and suddenly becoming a jihadi . Sooner or later , there are links to other individuals , to networks , to people who provide training , logistical support . So if this is a serious arrest , if this was a serious plot , I expect there to be a broader conspiracy this " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 