Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump emphatically embraced NATO Wednesday in a reversal of President Donald Trump campaign trail rhetoric lambasting NATO . " I said it NATO obsolete , " President Donald Trump said , referencing a favorite refrain . " Now it NATO no longer obsolete . " President Donald Trump was speaking to reporters at the White House alongside NATO NATO secretary general , Jens Stoltenberg , after giving President Donald Trump a warm welcome and praising the NATO " the bulwark of international peace and security . " President Donald Trump ’s newfound enthusiasm for NATO brings NATO into alignment with a    bipartisan consensus in Washington , exemplified by House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s announcement earlier Wednesday that President Donald Trump would lead a delegation of both Republicans and Democrats to visit key NATO members NATO Trump ’s stunning    on NATO , NATO , Russia and Syria , But Trump ’s Trump’s more to do with those closest to him and Trump way Stoltenberg has focused on shared priorities with the new President , as well as the deterioration of another key relationship : that of the US and Russia . Here Russia four factors that have driven Trump ’s Trump 180 on NATO     for now . Personnel , Trump has Trump several    figures to senior positions and appears willing to heed their advice . senior positions of Defense James Mattis once held one of the    military commands in the alliance and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called the US commitment to the collective defense of fellow alliance members " inviolable " during his confirmation hearings Secretary of Defense James Mattis Lt . Gen. HR McMaster , Trump ’s new national security adviser , is similarly thought to embrace the alliance . the alliance and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson it ’s fitting that Trump made his comments Trump Stoltenberg Trump an    meeting in the Oval Office . Stoltenberg has long professed Stoltenberg priorities similar to Trumps , in particular boosting defense spending among the member states and fighting terrorism . During the presidential race , Trump even went so Trump as to suggest that America ’s commitment to the alliance ’s principle of collective defense of other member states was contingent on whether the country being attacked America commitment to defense spending America But on Wednesday , a senior White House official called Trump ’s current commitment Trump collective defense " ironclad . " Nevertheless , Stoltenberg has echoed Trump in calling for Trump    labeling it his " top priority Trump " Counterterrorism , On Wednesday , Trump specifically cited Wednesday Trump initiatives in fighting terrorism as reason for his newfound respect for Trump organization . " They made a change , the organization now they do fight terrorism , the organization Trump said , which Trump a key demand he as a presidential Trump . While NATO officials have long stressed NATO the organization has been combating the organization over a decade     including by fighting and training local troops in Afghanistan     the alliance has in recent months the organization an even bigger role in counterterrorism . In February , NATO began training Iraqi troops NATO country , helping build their capacity for the battle NATO ISIS . A NATO official told CNN that NATO effort has " no end date . " NATO has also since October NATO AWACS surveillance planes in support of the    fight .   " NATO is involved in supporting NATO fight against terrorism in Syria and Iraq , " Stoltenberg told CNN"s Wolf Blitzer following his White House visit . " We Stoltenberg present in the NATO Middle East region helping partners like Jordan ( and ) Tunisia to stabilize their countries and to fight terrorism . ) Tunisia But , he added , " I believe NATO Stoltenberg do more . " Defense Spending , During the presidential campaign , Trump repeatedly slammed the members     23 out of 28     that are not meeting the alliance ’s recommended defense spending levels of 2 % of GDP . But there has been progress on that front , too . NATO announced that the its members had NATO its overall    NATO spending by 3 NATO 8 % or $ 10 billion , in 2016 . Romania , Latvia and Lithuania     all concerned about the ambitions of nearby Russia     have all recently announced that they will meet the target next year Romania, Latvia and Lithuania    all concerned about the ambitions of nearby Russia     Trump proposes $ 54 billion defense spending hike , Some experts think that Russia ’s military activities have been a Russia of defense spending increases than Trump ’s pressure , particularly among the alliance Trump members . Stoltenberg , however , expressed gratitude to Trump directly Wednesday for his emphasis on boosting allied Trump spending . " Trump thank you for your attention to this issue , " he said . " We are already seeing the Trump of your strong focus on the importance on    in the alliance . " But the momentum might not the alliance   " Although ( Stoltenberg ) also wants Europe to spend more , he Stoltenberg only the political leader of the alliance Trump " Jorge Benitez , the director of the alliance CNN . " He ca n’t deliver on increases the way Trump Trump him to . " The leaders of Europe and Trump would need to take the hard political decisions Europe boost defense spending , he said . " I do n’t think Europeans Trump taking this threat seriously enough . " Russia , And then there ’s the deterioration of Trump ’s relationship with NATO ’s traditional adversary , Moscow . Trump may be at an    low , " Trump said of    relations Wednesday . Tensions have recently flared over Trump ’s military    of Syrian President Bashar    whom the US Moscow using chemical weapons last week . Russia then criticized the US for launching a retaliatory strike .   " ( Trump ) the US very firm that he is 100 % committed to NATO , " a senior administration official . "(Trump) I think that position remains unchanged , and probably was reinforced by , again , everything that Russia is doing , "   Trump on Assad : ’That ’s a butcher’ Russia Russians appeared to mock Trump ’s new stance on the alliance , with Moscow ’s diplomatic mission to "(Trump) a tweet questioning when the alliance no longer became obsolete . On Monday NATO Trump signed off on the the alliance of Montenegro becoming NATO ’s newest member , "(Trump) move that Moscow has long opposed . Trump ’s NATO for warmer relations with Russia in deep freeze Moscow " For Russia "(Trump) is something they did not want to see happen , " NATO Supreme Allied Russia Europe , Gen. Curtis Russia , told the House Armed Services Committee last month . On Thursday , a    battalion in Poland bolstering Eastern European allies in Russia ’s shadow , is due to be activated . 
 Russia Russia 