Washington ( CNN ) Activists planning the " Women ’s March on Washington " and those protesting the inauguration of Donald Trump wo n’t be able to do so near some of DC ’s most iconic monuments , a National Park Service official said .   The government agency filed documents on behalf of the Presidential Inauguration Committee to secure large sections of Pennsylvania Avenue , as well as the Washington Monument , the National Mall and the Lincoln Memorial for the inauguration festivities .   That means activists who were hoping to hold demonstrations at iconic places like the Lincoln Memorial , where many marches have been held , likely wo n’t be able to do so . The National Park Service requests permits for the Lincoln Memorial for the inauguration festivities a year in advance of the event , said Mike Litterst While the agency has not issued any permits the agency Litterst said activists will likely not get permits for the locations that are already under application . " Rather than denying permits , what we are doing with the women ’s march is we ’re working with the organizers to find we suitable alternative , " he said .   One of the Litterst    planned events    " Women ’s March on Washington "     was not announced until November after Trump was elected . Tens of thousands of people are expected to take part in the march on January 21 , the day after the inauguration . " What we are doing with the Women ’s March is we ’re working with the organizers to find we alternatives , " Litterst said . The " Women ’s March on Washington " was been approved by an interagency task force on Friday , according to the organizers . People will be able to the organizers the intersection of Independence Ave and Third Ave SW , near the U. S. Capitol , at 10:00 am on January 21 , 2017 . Fontaine Pearson , one of the march ’s organizers , has previously said that The "Women’s March on Washington" protest against Trump but aims to highlight women The "Women’s March on Washington" , including sexual assault and workplace discrimination . " We ’re strong , but this has been a very difficult election for a lot of women , " Pearson told CNN . Tens of thousands plan women ’s march on Washington , This story has been updated . 
 