  ( CNN ) Do n’t let the congressional recess fool you . Leaders from both parties in the House and Senate continue to hammer out a funding bill ahead of next week ’s deadline , and Leaders from both parties in the House and Senate say Leaders from both parties in the House and Senate continue to be optimistic that that the negotiations will yield a deal to avoid a government shutdown .    If for no other reason than that Leaders from both parties in the House and Senate know it could do lasting political damage to Leaders from both parties in the House and Senate party , the GOP leaders who control Congress insist the GOP leaders who control Congress do n’t want to see the government close down .   RELATED : Schumer upbeat on funding deal , blasts Trump on tax returns , Despite the chatter , what will unfold over the next week remains uncertain . Here are few questions we can answer : What ’s the deadline ? If both chambers fail to pass a bill to send to President Donald Trump ’s desk before midnight on Friday April 28 , the government would run out of money to pay its the government and a shutdown would begin .   Is that really the the deadline Can it change the deadline Of course , this is Congress that never finishes its work this time , so there are already discussions about needing an extension of a week or two to finish the talks and move the deal through the House and Senate . So the new the deadline to early May. Who is writing the bill ? Republicans and Democrats on the House and Senate Appropriations Committees are Senate much of the heavy lifting but leadership in both parties and top aides to the president will have the President say before any deal is reached .      What ’s the " X factor " in the talks ? In a word : Trump .   So far the President has not issued any major controversial ultimatums     insisting on money for certain programs or barring it from others . If money changes , it could blow up the that changes talks .   the talks both parties stress that this funding bill covers government operations for only the next five months . So , they might not want to wage a both parties battle on this bill . Republicans are also dealing this funding bill fallout from their failure to pass an Obamacare repeal and Republicans bill last month . Efforts to revive that this funding bill will be a big focus when this funding bill next week from their    spring recess . What are the potential members ?   Obamacare , of course ! The 2013 government shutdown was triggered by a fight over funding the health care law .   Now Trump has floated the notion of no longer continue to pay the subsidies to insurance companies that keep the Obamacare marketplaces functioning . There is a legal challenge to those subsidies making its way through the courts and the GOP planned Trump keep paying out these subsidies while they worked to overhaul the health care system . GOP some outside conservative groups are trying to put pressure on Hill Republicans to halt the payments in the spending package . If they do , that could cause a major disruption some outside conservative groups the markets . Democrats have vowed to block any bill that does n’t continue the payments .   Border wall funding : The the payments in the spending package has already asked Congress for money to begin construction of the wall along the southwest border to make good on a central campaign promise . But Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and other top Democrats oppose the wall and say adding any money to this bill the wall   . Republicans have pushed for any bill that doesn’t continue the payments funding for immigration enforcement although Schumer said that should n’t be included either . RELATED : Hill spending bill unlikely to fulfill Trump promises , Defense spending : Democrats and Republicans are still battling over how much to spend on the military and how much to spend on    programs . Both have caps on spending because of a previous budget agreement .   Republicans insist there is an emergency need to increase military spending above the existing caps . Democrats say they also want more money for domestic priorities like medical research , Democrats programs , and education    beyond what the GOP is willing to support . This continued debate could impact any final deal . What about the House Freedom Caucus ? GOP leaders recognize that members on the far right side of the Republican caucus are likely to oppose almost any spending bill so the House Freedom Caucus counting on support from many members of the Freedom Caucus . GOP leaders they are working on a bill that could pass the House Freedom Caucus support .   When GOP leaders the next fight over government funding ? This bill covers the rest of fiscal year 2017 , which ends on October 1 , a bill that could pass with significant Democratic support The Trump Administration is expected to submit its proposal for the fiscal year 2018 sometime toward the end of May , and the House The Trump Administration Senate will begin drafting spending bills for the various federal agencies . This will cover the first full year under the new administration , so the GOP may come under more intense pressure to push for its The Trump Administration if efforts on health care , tax reform and other items , continue to face the GOP challenges . 
 