  ( CNN ) Until now , Greg Gianforte , a candidate in Thursday ’s special congressional election in Montana , was known as a multimillionaire tech entrepreneur who once ran for governor .   But the Republican redefined the Republican Wednesday when the Republican was charged with misdemeanor assault after allegedly body slamming a reporter just hours before the polls open .   Gianforte , whose campaign has enjoyed strong support from President Donald Trump , is making a bid for Montana ’s lone seat in Congress , which was vacated when Republican Ryan Zinke became Trump ’s interior secretary . Some see this race as a referendum on President Donald Trump young presidency .   Tech guru enters politics , Gianforte , 56 , started RightNow Technologies decades ago from his Tech guru in Bozeman , and sold it RightNow Technologies Oracle in 2012 . READ MORE : Big Sky battle : The singer vs. the millionaire , He Tech guru a failed bid last year for Montana governor , spending an estimated $ 5 . 1 million of his Tech guru money on the race .   Asked why he Tech guru to serve in Congress , Gianforte told CNN that he Tech guru be a " strong voice for Montana Montana DC . " He Tech guru talked about raising four kids in Montana Montana   In this the race Gianforte has Gianforte about $ 2 . 3 million , compared with his Democratic Gianforte , Rob Quist , with $ 3 . 3 million , Federal Election Commission records show . Gianforte also Gianforte his campaign Gianforte 1 million . Trump backs candidate , The Trump administration Trump lent plenty of support to Gianforte . Gianforte President Mike Pence and Donald Trump Jr. both have campaigned for him , Gianforte the President just recorded a robocall in a push to turn out GOP voters . " Hi , this is President Donald Trump I know what the people of Montana really want and really care about , " he says in the Trump call . " If you do n’t vote . .. the liberal Democrats running for Congress will decimate and dismantle all that we ’ve done . Congress .. So get to the polls and vote for Greg . . .. You ’ll be very proud of him for years to Trump . " Montana is Trump country Montana having voted 57 % to 36 % for him over Hillary Clinton Trump the November election . But on the same night , Montanans also    Gov. Steve Bullock , a Democrat . Endorsements pulled , The altercation with the journalist unfolded Wednesday at Gianforte ’s campaign headquarters in Bozeman . Gianforte allegedly body slammed Gianforte’s Jacobs , a reporter for The Guardian , and broke his glasses , according to an audio recording of the event and eyewitness accounts . " He took me to his ground , " Jacobs said . But Gianforte ’s campaign said Gianforte’s aggressively toward the Jacobs , shoved a recorder into his face , grabbed him Jacobs the wrist and Jacobs them both to the ground . Gianforte received the ground Gianforte is scheduled to appear in Gallatin County Justice Court before June 7 , the sheriff ’s office said . Three local newspapers     the Missoulian , the Billings Gazette and the Independent Record     rescinded their endorsements of the GOP candidate Three local newspapers    the Missoulian, the Billings Gazette and the Independent Record     All three newspapers are CNN affiliates Three local newspapers    the Missoulian, the Billings Gazette and the Independent Record     