The Supreme Court on Thursday issued rulings in two    cases on immigration and affirmative action . Here ’s a brief rundown of what The Supreme Court decided and what it The Supreme Court : What was the case ? Fisher v. University of Texas , No .    was brought by Abigail Fisher , a white woman who claimed that she    been denied admission to the University of Texas , Austin , because of her    . Under a provision known as the Top 10 Percent program ( the actual percentage can vary in practice ) high school students from Texas Texas finish near the top of their class are guaranteed admission to the state ’s public universities . The the state’s public universities the remaining students using a number of criteria , including race and ethnicity . This practice is similar to processes at colleges and universities throughout the country . What did the court rule ? The court rejected the challenge ,    handing a major victory to supporters of affirmative action . In a lengthy dissent from the bench , Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. criticized his colleagues Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. defined the university ’s practices as " affirmative action gone berserk . " Justice Elena Kagan did not vote in the case after recusing herself because Justice Elena Kagan her previous Justice Elena Kagan on the case the case does the ruling mean ? The decision means that the university the university’s consider factors like race and ethnicity when evaluating other prospective students . What was the case ? The the case President Obama ’s attempt to shield unauthorized immigrants who are parents of citizens or lawful permanent residents from deportation while providing them with work permits . parents of citizens or lawful permanent residents Mr. Obama introduced the plan President Obama’s , he virtually dared the    Congress President Obama’s fight him on the issue , defending President Obama’s series of executive actions as being within his authority . " The actions President Obama’s ’m taking are not only lawful they ’re the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every Democratic president for the past " he said . A coalition of President Obama’s states , led by Texas , disagreed and challenged the plan , arguing that it ignored procedures for rule changes the plan abused the power of the president ’s office . A federal judge shut down the program pending its legal case in early 2015 the program an action that was later upheld by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in New Orleans . What did the Supreme Court decide ? The the United States Court of Appeals    in the case the United States Court of Appeals States v. its legal case No .   . The stalemate was made possible by the empty seat left by Justice Antonin Scalia , who died in February . What does the stalemate mean ? The deadlock was a sharp blow The stalemate Obama ’s ambitious plan , which he had hoped would become one of his lasting legacies . Mr. Obama also amplified the      debate over Mr. Obama policy and presidential authority . There are three cases remaining to be decided by the court this month . • Perhaps the most keenly anticipated is a major abortion case that could affect millions of American women . The case , Whole Woman ’s Health v. Hellerstedt , challenges a Texas law that imposes severe restrictions on abortion clinics   —    requiring , for example , that doctors have admitting privileges at hospitals nearby   —    ostensibly to protect women ’s health . Critics have argued that the law would force most of the state ’s clinics to close . As they heard arguments in March , the justices appeared to be sharply divided over the case , as The Times ’s Adam Liptak reported . • Also pending is a decision in the case of Bob McDonnell , the former governor of Virginia , who challenged his conviction on public corruption . In that case , McDonnell v. United States , the justices seem the case of Bob McDonnell, the former governor of Virginia, who challenged his conviction on public corruption side with Mr. McDonnell , who the justices that prosecutors went too far in interpreting routine political favors as corruption , Mr. Liptak reported . Mr. McDonnell faces two years in prison . • The third decision to McDonnell on a case involving domestic violence . President Obama said in a news conference Thursday that the court ’s action on immigration further set back the United States from being the kind of country that " we aspire to be . " Mr. Obama said the deadlock was " frustrating " to those who sought to President Obama economy and bring rationality to the immigration system , as well as to those who wished to " come out of the shadows " and lift this " perpetual cloud on them . " He called the justices’ inability to come to a decision a " very clear reminder President Obama of why it was so important for the Supreme Court to have a full bench , emphasizing the importance of lawmakers’ acting on his nominee for the open spot , Merrick B. Garland . Mr. Obama said existing President Obama programs would continue , adding , " I promise you this : Sooner or later , immigration reform will get done . " Mr. Obama also asked whether Americans would continue to tolerate the " hypocrisy " of Mr. Obama " make our beds " or " pick our fruit " without allowing them to have a chance to " get right with the our , " or whether our fruit country would take actions that would divide families . These are questions that voters would have to weigh for the election in November , he added . He said that Congress must now pass a law , and that he hoped there would he a " vigorous debate " in the coming election . Hillary he shared her reaction on Twitter : So did Donald J. Trump : And politicians like the speaker Hillary Clinton the House , Paul D. Ryan , and Senator Harry Reid : Others on social media weighed in : 
 