  ( CNN ) A North Korean military unit tasked with striking US bases in Japan was involved in Monday ’s launch of four ballistic missiles , according to state media KCNA . The missiles , three of which landed within 200 miles of Japan coastline in its Japan economic zone , were fired as part of a drill by North Korea ’s Hwasong artillery units , KCNA KCNA Tuesday . The report said the North Korea’s Hwasong artillery units part of " the KPA Strategic Force tasked to strike the bases of the US imperialist aggressor forces in Japan Japan contingency . " North Korean leader Kim Jong Un supervised the country ’s ballistic missile launches and was said to be pleased with the unit ’s performance , according to KCNA KCNA   There are currently about 54 , 000 US troops stationed in at least seven bases scattered across Japan Japan including Misawa Air Base in the far north to Okinawa on the Japan southernmost islands . The military bases in Japan cost Japan US Japan 5 . 5 billion in 2016 . Trump talks to Japan , S. Korea Japan World leaders were quick to condemn North Korea ’s actions . White House press secretary Sean Spicer said , " The launches are consistent with North Korea ’s long history North Korea’s . The United States stand with our allies in the face of this The United States serious threat .   " The Trump administration is taking steps to enhance our ability to defend against North Korea The Trump administration ballistic missiles , such North Korea’s deployment of a THAAD battery to South Korea . "   Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told reporters he and President Donald Trump talked by phone about Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a. m. Tuesday local time ( 6 p. m. ET Monday ) and agreed the missile launches were " a clear violation of UN Security Council resolutions " and a threat to the international community . President Trump also spoke Monday with the acting South President Donald Trump Hwang    to discuss North Korea ’s missile test , a US official says , in addition to the call with Abe . According to the acting president ’s office , they agreed to continue President Donald Trump and add pressure and impose sanctions against North Korea .   Security Council to meet , The UN Security North Korea’s scheduled to discuss North Korea in closed consultations Security Council Wednesday morning . A North Korea’s meeting was moved to 3 p. m. In a statement issued on Tuesday night , the council " strongly condemned " the North Korean launch , saying it was a violation of Security Council resolutions . " The Security Council ( will ) continue to the North Korean launch monitor the situation and take further significant measures , Security Council said .    António Guterres also denounced the missile launch and said , " Such actions violate Security a statement issued on Tuesday night and seriously undermine regional peace and stability . the North Korean launch in South Korea , Japan and the United States confirmed the launch of four projectiles , which traveled almost 1 , 000 kilometers ( 620 miles ) . US officials said they were extended range SCUD missiles . A fifth missile was also fired but failed .   This is n’t the first time US officials Korea has launched multiple missiles over this distance . In September 2016 , North Korea launched three ballistic missiles about 1 , South Korea to land in Japan ’s Air Defense Identification Zone , provoking a strong South Korea 
 