Donald Trump was echoing the words of Bill Clinton ’s sexual assault accusers when Donald Trump slammed Hillary Clinton on Friday as an " unbelievably nasty , mean enabler " who " destroyed " the lives of Hillary Clinton husband ’s mistresses and alleged victims . [ Indeed , in numerous recent interviews with this reporter , those sentiments and more were expressed directly by Clinton mistress Gennifer Flowers rape accuser Juanita Broaddrick and sex assault accusers Kathleen Willey and Paula Jones .   During a campaign stop Friday in Eugene , Oregon , Trump stated of Hillary : " Hillary ’s been the total enabler . Hillary would go after these women and destroy these women lives . Hillary was an unbelievably nasty , mean enabler , and what Hillary did to a lot of these women is disgraceful . " Let ’s take a closer look at what some of Bill Clinton ’s alleged female victims have had to say on the same subject . Gennifer Flowers : Hillary ‘ an enabler’ Gennifer Flowers says Hillary was Bill Clinton ’s consensual mistress for more than 12 years . In Hillary only interview since Clinton Bill Clinton Hillary candidacy , Flowers an enabler’ Gennifer Flowers October told me Hillary believes Hillary is " an enabler that has encouraged him Bill Clinton Bill ) to go out and do whatever he Bill Clinton with women . "   Clinton Bill Clinton in a deposition to one sexual encounter with Flowers . I asked Flowers Flowers blank what she Bill Clinton of Hillary ’s attempt to make women ’s issues a major part of Hillary campaign . Flowers responded by saying , " You know , people criticize me for talking about Hillary because I had an affair with Hillary husband . " " And I do n’t blame them for that , " Hillary said . " I understand that . I understand that they them be mad at Hillary . I get it they can be mad at me I accept my responsibility .    …      But Hillary ’s never accepted Hillary responsibility at being an enabler . Hillary ’s been an enabler that has encouraged him her husband go out and do whatever he her husband with women . " " Hillary ’s rights . Ha ! " Flowers added . " I personally have worked my tail off to get where I am in the entertainment business , which has not been easy since the Clinton scandal , by the way .    …      Hillary never put up a shingle and worked for Hillary clients and built Hillary clientele . Hillary always got things on the back of Hillary husband .    …      I think it ’s a joke that Hillary would run on women ’s issues . " Juanita Broaddrick : Hillary ‘ has always known everything’ In one of Hillary first media appearances in nearly a decade , Juanita Juanita Broaddrick November stated on my weekend talk radio show , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " that Hillary blames Hillary Clinton for covering up her husband Hillary Clinton alleged sexual crimes and indiscretions . " I think she has Hillary Clinton known everything about him . Juanita Broaddrick think they have this evil compact between the two of them that they each they what the other does and overlook it . And go right on . And cover one for the other , " she said Hillary Clinton She recalled Hillary Clinton personal meeting with Hillary in Hillary Clinton , in which , Broaddrick believes , the future First Lady strongly implied the alleged rape victim must stay silent about the alleged rape , which she says Hillary Clinton place was she a Hillary Clinton home administrator volunteering for    Attorney General Bill Clinton ’s 1978 gubernatorial bid . Three weeks after the alleged incident , Broaddrick says Broaddrick was Broaddrick in a state of shock and denial about what she said Broaddrick transpired . She said Broaddrick attended Broaddrick private Clinton fundraiser at the home of a local dentist , where she had Broaddrick encounter with the Clintons and was directly approached by Hillary . Broaddrick said Broaddrick friend of hers who Broaddrick driven the Clintons the Clintons fundraiser from a local airport informed her that Broaddrick the whole conversation was about you coming from the airport . a local airport Mrs. Clinton . " She recalled Broaddrick " And so then about that time , I see them coming through the Mostly from Mrs. Clinton area . And some people there are pointing to me . Broaddrick goes one direction and she comes Broaddrick to me . Broaddrick panic sort of starting to set in with me . Broaddrick I thought , ‘ Oh my God , what do I do now ? ’ " Broaddrick told me that Hillary approached her " and said Hillary It ’s so nice to meet you’ and all of the niceties she was trying to Hillary at the time . " " And said , ‘ I just want you to know how much Bill and Broaddrick appreciate the things you do for him.’ And I just stood there , Aaron . I was sort of you might say   . " " And she said , ‘ Hillary you understand . Everything you do . ’’ ’ " She tried to take Hillary hold of my hand and I left . I told the girls I ca n’t take this . I ’m leaving . So I immediately left . " Broaddrick said that " what really went through my mind at that time is ‘ She knows . She Hillary . She Hillary covering it Hillary and she expects me to Hillary the very same thing . ’ " Paula Jones : Hillary allowed husband to Hillary abuse’ women , On May 8 , 1991 , when Clinton was Governor of Arkansas and Paula Jones was a Paula Jones , she says she was Hillary out Hillary day by Clinton , and was escorted Clinton the politician ’s room in the Excelsior Hotel in Little Rock , Arkansas . There the future Arkansas allegedly groped Clinton to her . She says Hillary Clinton Hillary advances Hillary bolted the room . Clinton an interview that the politician’s room in the Excelsior Hotel in Little Rock, Arkansas my radio show this past January , Jones demanded Hillary Clinton personally apologize for " allowing Clinton husband to " Hillary " and " sexually harass " women . Ragarding Hillary ’s use of womens’ issues in the campaign , Jones said that " it ’s really , really Jones that she is using that to gain popularity or whatever Ragarding Hillary " " I do n’t see how women would even be able to trust her if the man who is her husband who Ragarding Hillary abused and harassed and did Ragarding Hillary things to women and she knew about it . " Jones laments the Ragarding Hillary of Hillary as a woman Jones stood by her husband during all of the various sexual accusations Hillary Well , she stood by her man , all right . Ragarding Hillary she allowed Ragarding Hillary her husband abuse women , to Ragarding Hillary women Ragarding Hillary possibly her husband that he did wrong to women . And she allowed it to happen her husband As a matter Ragarding Hillary fact , she would go out and she would try to Ragarding Hillary these women , including Ragarding Hillary . " And called us the ‘ bimbo eruption.’ You know , these ‘ bimbos.’ Okay . For what her husband did to us . But she did Ragarding Hillary believe us .   None of us women . " Kathleen Willey : us ‘ wrote the book on terrorizing women’ Kathleen Willey was a Democratic activist who , along with her husband Ed , founded Bill . Kathleen Willey says she was facing a tough financial situation , so she Kathleen Willey approached Kathleen Willey about the possibility of a paid position . Kathleen Willey of offering to help White House Willey says Clinton became the victim of " nothing short Kathleen Willey serious Kathleen Willey harassment Kathleen Willey " Since Hillary ’s campaign announcement in April , Willey has spoken out against Kathleen Willey Democratic    during numerous exclusive interviews Kathleen Willey my radio program . " This woman wrote the book on terrorizing women , on terrorism , Kathleen Willey exclaimed in one of those interviews . Continued Willey : Her tactics Kathleen Willey the things that she set in motion Kathleen Willey Kathleen Willey women Kathleen Willey me , the ones you Kathleen Willey heard of and the ones you have n’t heard of , and the ones who are so scared that they fled the country , are terrorist tactics like I ’ve never seen before . I went through them . I lived through them . And I know exactly what I am talking about . She is the war on women . I do n’t care what anybody says Kathleen Willey Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief terrorist tactics senior investigative reporter . terrorist tactics is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 