Seoul , South Korea ( CNN ) US Vice President Mike Pence on Monday warned North Korea not to test the resolve of the US " or the strength of our military forces , " following a failed North Korean missile test .   Speaking in Seoul , US Vice President Mike Pence linked recent US military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan with the situation in North Korea , saying they showed the " strength and resolve of our new president . "   " they will defeat any attack and they will meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective response , " US Vice President Mike Pence said , adding that when US Vice President Mike Pence came to North Korea " all options are on the table . "   Tensions on the peninsula have ratcheted up in recent weeks , amid       from the US analysts’ warnings that North North Korea preparing for a sixth nuclear test . Amid concerns the US might launch a preemptive strike on North Korea North Korea said Washington would " closely consult " with Seoul " as we make decisions moving forward . " Tense border , Earlier in the day , Pence visited the Korean demilitarized zone ( Pence ) which he described as the " frontier of freedom . "   The DMZ is the    de facto border between North and South Korea . It ’s four kilometers ( 2 . The DMZ miles ) wide , stretches 250 kilometers ( 160 miles ) and is dotted with military guard posts , mines and defensive structures .   It was established by the 1953 armistice The DMZ which ended the Korean War , though both sides technically remain at conflict as North and South Korea treaty has ever been signed .   At the Panmunjom Joint Security Area , which Pence visited Monday , North and South Korean soldiers stand watch feet away from each other , the only place where the two forces come face to face . Blue huts straddle the border , face tense negotiations have been held between the North , South and the US since armistice .   US options on North Korea   Echoing the remarks of US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on North Korea last month , Pence said the North Korea of strategic patience is over . "   The US has leaned on China     North the US main ally     to apply pressure on Pyongyang to curtail its nuclear ambitions .   At the same it ’s China     its military footprint in the region the US deploying a the US carrier strike group to waters off the Korean Peninsula . US President Donald Trump held a summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping earlier this month , and has praised China ’s turning back of North Korean coal ships as a " big step " forward in the effort to enlist Chinese pressure on Pyongyang . Pence said Monday Trump was " very hopeful that China will take US President Donald Trump bring about a change of policy China North Korea , " but added later that Washington was " troubled by China ’s economic retaliation against South Korea ( for ) taking China to defend itself " by deploying the US THAAD missile defense system .   China Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Lu Kang said Monday that Beijing ’s policy was " clear for all to see when it comes to promoting the denuclearization of the peninsula . "   Beijing’s policy said that prior to the THAAD deployment , relations between Beijing Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Lu Kang Seoul were strong and " THAAD did n’t cause the Beijing problem in bilateral ties . "   Speaking Sunday , US national security adviser H. R. McMaster said the US hopes not to use military force but warned " this problem is coming to a head . "   McMaster said various US military and intelligence agencies are working on providing US national security adviser H. R. McMaster to " have them ready " for Trump " if this pattern of destabilizing behavior various US military and intelligence agencies . " On Friday , North Korea said the dangerous security situation was due to the " Trump administration ’s reckless military provocation . " " The Trump administration , which made a surprise cruise guided missile strike at Syria on April 6 , has entered the path of open threat and blackmail against ( North Korea ) , " a spokesman for the Korean People ’s North Korea according to state news agency KCNA .   Uncertainty , Pence ’s visit to South Korea comes as the country prepares for an election next month following the ouster of President South Korea .   Speaking alongside    Hwang    in Seoul , Pence commended him for his " steady hand in this time of transition Pence South Korea   Hwang    "   Hwang    " Whatever change happens in your elections the commitment South Korea US to South Korea ’s safety and security will remain unchanged , " Pence said . " We are with you 100 % . "   Pence election is expected to see South Korea swing to the left and away from the conservative policies of Park ’s South Korea   The    Democratic United Party has been critical of the deployment The   Democratic United Party called for more engagement with North Korea to prevent further nuclearization .   Jean Lee , a global fellow at the South Korea’s Center , said the next president " will have a lot of bearing on what kind of policy South Korea develops towards North Korea . "   " ( The election ) could lead South Korea shift in alliances , South Korea’s policy among South Korea , the US and Japan when it comes to " dealing with Pyongyang , she South Korea   Show of force , Pence ’s visit followed an impressive parade Saturday to mark the " Day of the Sun , " the most important day in the North Korean calendar , when Pyongyang showed off an array of new missiles and launchers .   Pyongyang paraded two new intercontinental ballistic    canisters as well Pyongyang displaying its    ballistic missile and a    version of the Pyongyang for the first time , according to analysts . The regime followed that with an attempted missile test Sunday from the eastern port of Sinpo . If that test leads to a nuclear test or an ICBM launch , there would be " a powerful punishing measure that North an attempted missile test Sunday from the eastern port of Sinpo ca n’t endure , " South Korean officials said . US officials told CNN they did not believe the missile had intercontinental capabilities , and blew up almost immediately after launch . 
 US officials 