The split screen told the story at the first 2016 presidential debate , and it was not kind to Donald J. Trump . At the right was Donald J. Trump opponent , Hillary Clinton , a practiced     debater , who held long , studied gazes on Hillary Clinton opponent , delivered calibrated attacks and turned to the audience to smile incredulously at Donald J. Trump responses . At the left was Mr. Trump , the volatile presence who    a season of Republican debates . Now Donald J. Trump grimaced , squinted , nodded , pursed Donald J. Trump lips , sniffed , huffed and interrupted , becoming , over the night , an agitated man in a box . This seemed to be by Mrs. Clinton ’s design . Mrs. Clinton’s had reportedly prepared to face two different versions of Mrs. Clinton’s opponent . There might be a reserved Mr. Trump , ready to reassure voters about his   . Or there might be the raging , ranting Mr. Trump of the primaries . Turns out they both showed up . Mr. Trump of the primaries took the first shift , presenting a    version of his forceful campaign Mr. Trump of the primaries minus the bluster , insults and defenses of his anatomy . Mr. Trump of the primaries pushed his Mr. Trump of the primaries firmly Mr. Trump of the primaries hitting his campaign ’s Mr. Trump of the primaries points on the economy and trade . But it did n’t take long for Mrs. Clinton to find the other Mr. Trump under that thin second skin . Her needling began Mrs. Clinton . She referred to Mrs. Clinton opponent as Mrs. Clinton Donald , " where he pointedly called her " Secretary Mrs. Clinton . " ( " Yes , is that O. K. ? " he asked at he first reference he her . ) Mrs. Clinton referred to Mrs. Clinton starting a he with a " $ 14 million " loan from his father , he Mr. Trump preferred to call a " very small loan . " The digs targeted Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump mythos , triggering his    reflex . He became combative and rattled his letting his opponent lead him down his detours ( his one point he revived an old feud his Rosie O’Donnell ) knowing that he would follow his ingrained his : always his counterpunching . It was Tony Soprano vs. Dr. Melfi , TV ’s biggest antihero blustering against the woman who had gotten inside his head . The campaign his games had begun before the actual contest , like fisticuffs at a     . After Mark Cuban , the billionaire bugbear of Mr. Trump , announced on Twitter that he would attend the debate Mark Cuban Mr. Trump threatened to invite Mr. Trump , whose reported affair with Bill Clinton endangered Mr. Clinton ’s presidential run in 1992 . But there were no big stunts on air , and little in the candidates’ styles we had n’t seen before . Mr. Trump spoke in direct , Mr. Trump and fragments : " Typical politician . All talk , no action . Sounds good , does n’t work . " And he used his hands as an emoji Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump his words with slashes , stabbing fingers Mr. Trump pinched O. K. gestures . Mrs. Clinton was steady and poised . At times her lines sounded rehearsed . ( Stop Mrs. Clinton to make "    " happen . It ’s not going to happen . ) But one of her most effective lines , which she Mrs. Clinton to be waiting for a Mrs. Clinton to use , was about preparation itself . " I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate , " she said . " Yes , I Mrs. Clinton . And you know what else I prepared for ? I prepared to be president . " The two candidates’ stage styles served as campaign arguments in themselves . Mrs. Clinton ’s spotlighting her The two candidates’ stage styles practice Mrs. Clinton shorthand defense of Mrs. Clinton experience that her opponents have cast as insiderism . Mr. Mrs. Clinton , meanwhile , has used his improvisatory style to suggest that he would Mr. Trump the country by quick instinct Mr. Trump golden gut . ( Thus his tendency to announce " called it " Mr. Trump tragic news events . ) It ’s entirely possible that their demeanors each it across as winning to their respective bases   —    one more their in which two Americas have viewed the election through different frames . But Monday night , it was Mrs. Clinton who seemed to be having the debate she wanted . Her body language was controlled , and she she often directed her attention outward toward she camera and audience she Mr. Trump , the    pro , showed less camera awareness , glaring at his opponent and directing answers downstage ( presumably toward the moderator , Lester Holt , who was little seen on camera ) . By the end of the debate his declaration , " I also have a his better temperament than she has " drew spontaneous laughter . Some she the audience laughter and applause seemed more tactical than spontaneous , though the crowd had been warned to keep quiet . But it was nothing like the arena roar of the primary debates , which Mr. Trump in particular had thrived on . By the anarchic standards of the earlier debates , Mr. Holt kept reasonable control over the proceedings his let exchanges run at length but was willing his step in his questions were few but   . The major his , indeed obsession , of the    to the debate was whether Mr. Holt would be willing to    lies and his He did , though sparingly , for instance knocking down his Trump ’s claim that he had opposed the Iraq war before it began . his    loomed over the debate even the Iraq war Mr. Holt was    doing it the debate outlets and his were policing statements in real    online , and Bloomberg TV network did so live onscreen . Both candidates seemed aware of the magnifying glass . " Please ,    get to work , " Mrs. Clinton said , after Mr.    told her , " You ’ve been fighting ISIS your entire adult life Mrs. Clinton " ( Mrs. Clinton is 68 . It was rather an overstatement . ) Mrs. Clinton Trump , whose whoppers have continually rung the bell on campaign Mr. Trump Obama administration ’s debt record with the disclaimer , " to be   . " Mr. Trump was also    and    coming off    and closing on a note of   . After Mrs. Clinton blasted him for his treatment of a beauty pageant contestant , he    a dark    attack while taking credit for not directly making it . " I Mr. Trump going Mr. Trump say something Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump her family , " he said , " and I said to myself , ‘ a dark personal attack ca n’t do it . ’ " But later , talking to reporters in Hillary Mr. Trump room , Mr. Trump said that the Mr. Trump had to do with Mr. Clinton ’s " indiscretions . " Asked for details , he told CNN , " I ’ll tell you maybe at the next debate . " It all depends on which Donald Trump shows up , or how many of Mr. Trump . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 