British Muslims are failing to report suspected terrorists , Republican frontrunner Donald Trump has said in Republican frontrunner Donald Trump first UK TV interview . [ Republican frontrunner Donald Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump ITV ’s Good Morning Britain that he Republican frontrunner Donald Trump also hit Islamic State " so hard you would n’t believe it " in the wake of the Brussels terror attacks , and called on British Muslims to report extremists in their extremists .   " When they extremists trouble they extremists to report it . They extremists not reporting it it They extremists absolutely not reporting it it that is a big problem , " he told Piers Morgan , the programme ’s presenter . " I would hit Isis so hard you would n’t believe it it I would get the people over there to put up their the people over there because it ’s about time that somebody did it it " he somebody . " But I would have such    like you ’ve never seen before in terms of air power , air strikes etc . " Mr Trump also complained about the failure of Muslims to turn in the San Bernardino attackers before their the San Bernardino attackers their the San Bernardino attackers . " It ’s like they the San Bernardino attackers protecting each other but they the San Bernardino attackers really doing very bad damage , " he Mr Trump , " they the San Bernardino attackers to open up to society , they the San Bernardino attackers to report the bad ones . And , you know , if you report the bad ones , all of a sudden you are not going to have the problems . " The Republican Presidential nominee frontrunner also rejected accusations of racism , telling the show : " I ’m not ‘ anti’ anything I ’m ’m common sense , I say it like it is . " " I have great respect for Muslims , I have many friends that are Muslims . I am just saying there is something with a radicalised portion that is very , very bad and very dangerous . " He also expressed his He at the failure of anyone to report the whereabouts of Paris attacker Salah Abdeslam while he He holed up in Brussels . " There is something wrong , and we have to get to the bottom of it , when someone like who was just captured was really coddled and taken care of by people that live in the neighbourhood . " Many people knew he someone like who was just captured there yet he someone like who was just captured the number one fugitive in the world . Everybody from that area knew he someone like who was just captured there and nobody turned him someone like who was just captured . " There ’s something going on and there ’s something wrong . You know it , Piers , and so do I. " Mr Trump rejected claims that his I. " Mr Trump to ban Muslims from entering the United States would create division , saying : " All you have to do is look at the cities where there ’s been a large inflow and something ’s different . " There is very little assimilation for whatever reason   …      they want to go by their they sets of laws . " 
 