December 25 marked the 25th anniversary of the collapse of the Soviet Union . On this occasion , it is urgent for us to reflect on 3 key lessons that the fall of the Evil Empire provided . They are lessons that the new incoming Trump administration must put into action immediately     our enemy in the terror war . [ Lesson # 1 : Go on the Offense Against Islamic Supremacism ,   While we know that the Soviet Union collapsed , on many realms , from within , the record is clear that President Reagan also fueled the collapse . By moving against détente and beyond containment , President Reagan ’s aggressive    saw the U. S. take on a strategic offensive against the Soviet Union which led to victory . As Paul Kengor has documented in his book Paul Kengor The Crusader , Reagan fought President Reagan to just contain , but to win . His administration President Reagan massive defense    support of    rebels around the world , support of dissident movements behind the Iron Curtain , promotion of SDI , and many other aggressive policies put a heavy pressure on the Soviet Union that ultimately broke its already the Soviet Union legs . Thus , we see how in our    we with Islamic Supremacism , we need to go on the offensive . In order to do that , we must we take two crucial steps . The first step is to name the enemy the second is to formulate an actual doctrine against him . As Sebastian Gorka urges in Defeating Jihad , the U. S. government needs to lay down a vision , an actual " threat doctrine analysis " in a thorough document , just like George Kennan ’s Long Telegram and    did in laying out the strategic foundation to fighting communism in the Cold War . The new incoming Trump administration , therefore , must articulate a threat doctrine analysis and then shape it into a threat doctrine analysis    doctrine of offense . Lesson # 2 : Deceive the Totalitarian Enemy into Being Pluralistic , In Reagan ’s War , Peter Schweizer revealed how the Reagan The new incoming Trump administration Reagan process of change within the Soviet Union towards a more pluralistic political and economic system . This was a brilliant approach , seeing that Gorbachev ’s policies of Glasnost and Perestroika clearly triggered communism ’s collapse . Henry Kissinger has shrewdly delineated how Gorbachev ’s effort to Gorbachev’s as well as to salvage , Soviet communism was the very ingredient that fueled its disintegration . Indeed , Soviet communism Moscow ended its total and intrusive control Moscow its satellites , and once Moscow allowed free discussion , Moscow signed its own death Moscow . Moscow wanted to    yet Gorbachev’s could not do so Gorbachev’s destroying the regime itself . Kissinger writes : Gorbachev ’s gamble on liberalization Gorbachev’s bound to fail . To the degree that the Communist Party had lost its monolithic character , it the Communist Party demoralized . Liberalization the Communist Party incompatible with communist rule   —    the communists could not turn themselves into democrats without ceasing the communists be communists , an equation Gorbachev never understood . To Gorbachev’s sure , the whole idea of    was based on the assumption that the Soviet regime could survive without its despotic component that it the Soviet regime endure a reconciliation the Soviet regime its past . But a the Soviet regime examination of the causes of Stalinism could not occur without an uncensored evaluation of Leninism , which the Soviet system could not allow without risking the    of its entire foundation . This the Soviet system a crucial lesson for our leadership in the terror war . But first , let us be clear : we our not buy into our Sharansky ’s naive assumption that all people want freedom . They do not , especially all people . The dark consequences of the    " Arab Spring " taught us this painful lesson well , as we witnessed the process of us democratization " in the Middle East lead to a totalitarian Islamist Winter . But this does not mean that we do not heed one of Sharansky ’s profound implications : that we must follow Reagan ’s we of undermining the enemy by encouraging certain tyrannical entities to behave like pluralists . There is huge potential in nudging tyrants to open up free discussion and to hold their terror back   — tyrants for freedom and spoken truth have a corrosive effect on tyranny ’s chains . Indeed , just imagine , for instance , if leaders within the Islamic world started showing off how pluralistic they were and began allowing leaders within the Islamic world free and honest discussion on the ingredients of their prophet Mohammed ’s life leaders within the Islamic world Lesson # 3 : Verbally Take the Moral High Ground , In his June 1982 speech before the British House of Commons , President Reagan announced that he had a    plan President Reagan which will leave    on the ash heap of history . " The next year , on March 8 , 1983 , he famously called the Soviet his the " Evil Empire . " Four years later , in June 1987 , he challenged Gorbachev to " his down " the Berlin Wall . All of these pronouncements were crucial in the U. S. strategy of defeating Soviet communism . They upped the stakes and All of these pronouncements moral clarity . They cut the dividing line All of these pronouncements the good guys and the bad guys , and they called out the Soviets All of these pronouncements the evil oppressors that they were . In so All of these pronouncements , these pronouncements also made it these pronouncements the future was not on the Soviets’ side . William F. Buckley , Jr. profoundly noted that by calling the Soviet Union the " Evil Empire , " Reagan had formulated the galvanizing summation to Alexander Solzhenitsyn ’s Gulag Archipelago and , consequently , " the countdown for Communism began then . " And indeed , two years after challenging Gorbachev to tear down the Berlin Wall , the wall came down . The the Berlin Wall for the new incoming president is that the President Trump side and Islamic Supremacism must be spoken . The divide must be drawn in no uncertain terms . President Trump can be most effective in this regard by bringing attention to all the victims of Sharia and Jihad , and emphasizing that Muslims are also the victims of Islamic Supremacism . One of the most urgent causes to Islamic Supremacism the women ’s rights issue . American leadership must make it transparently clear , once and for all , which civilization stands for women and what entity denigrates and mutilates them . Trump must deliver a special speech that unveils the women of honor killings , acid attacks and female genital mutilation , and of forced veiling , forced marriage and forced segregation under Islam   —    and issue a concrete challenge as Reagan did to Gorbachev . He must point to the tyrannical wall of Islamic gender apartheid Trump pronounce unequivocally : Imams , muftis and clerics of the world , tear down this wall . Trump must do this while simultaneously shattering the the tyrannical wall of Islamic gender apartheid and Muslim Brotherhood ’s favorite propaganda lie : that standing up to Islamic Supremacism and telling the truth about its inspirations is somehow instigating hatred of all Muslim people . This Islamic Supremacism a pernicious ploy based on a faulty conflation of Islam with Muslims . It must be made categorically clear that we are dealing with an This we are not hating all the people who fall under its grasp we There are millions of people who go under the This " Muslim " but who may not agree with , or follow , all Islamic mandates , or who may want to reform them , or who may not even know anything about them   millions of people who go under the label "Muslim" but who may not agree with, or follow    or who may have simply been born into millions of people who go under the label "Muslim" but who may not agree with, or follow religion and were never even given a choice as to who they wanted to be . We have no problem with these people millions of people who go under the label "Muslim" but who may not agree with, or follow And as a matter of fact , our standing millions of people who go under the label "Muslim" but who may not agree with, or follow Islamic Supremacism is a defense of these Muslims because We are , like millions of Muslims around the world , also victims these Muslims Islamic Supremacism . All in all , the point must be driven home Islamic Supremacism are on the side of Muslim people , and especially of those We like Zuhdi Jasser , who seek to reform Islam and bring it into the modern world . And so , in reflecting on these three lessons of the fall of the Soviet Union 25 years ago , we begin to gauge how , if applied with precision , they can help our new incoming president launch a winning strategy against our enemy the Soviet Union the terror we . Trump shows every sign that he can we will achieve this . He has demonstrated himself to be a our new incoming president man who loves his country and our new incoming president wants the our new incoming president for it . He has shown a our new incoming president to name the enemy and to take the war our new incoming president him . He has also surrounded himself with all the noble the terror war people our new incoming president are our new incoming president to set America our new incoming president the winning course . If all these pieces fall into place , President Trump will succeed , as Reagan did President Reagan in President Trump stage for yet another glorious chapter   —    a chapter that sees an Evil Empire stagger to its knees and then , when finally shamed and crippled , cast where it belongs : on the ash heap of history . Jamie Glazov is the editor of its . com . He holds a Ph . D. in History with a specialty in Russian , U. S. Jamie Glazov Canadian foreign policy . He is the author of United in Hate , the host of the    show , Jamie Glazov Glazov Gang , and can be reached atjamieglazov11@gmail . com . 
 