  ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Wednesday said Donald Trump former Republican primary rivals who have refused to support Donald Trump in November should be barred from running for public office again . " his former Republican primary rivals who have refused to support him in November signed a pledge saying his former Republican primary rivals who have refused to support him in November will abide , saying his former Republican primary rivals who have refused to support him in November will back the candidate of the party , " Donald Trump said during a campaign appearance in Bangor , Maine , adding , " his former Republican primary rivals who have refused to support him in November broke his former Republican primary rivals who have refused to support him in November word . In my opinion , his former Republican primary rivals who have refused to support him in November should never be allowed to run for public office again because what his former Republican primary rivals who have refused to support him in November did is disgraceful . " Donald Trump did n’t mention any Republican candidates by name . But some of Donald Trump significant primary challengers , including Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Ohio Gov. John Kasich     who on Wednesday released a letter on Donald Trump campaign fundraising list highlighting a positive poll for Donald Trump     have yet to endorse Trump despite saying during the primary the primary would back the GOP nominee . Trump called Republicans who would n’t back the pledge " sore losers . " Trump has struggled to unite Republican officials behind Trump campaign since clinching the party ’s nomination in early May and Trump frustrations with the slow pace of that unity have boiled over in recent weeks . Despite talking up the need for party unity , Trump earlier this month criticized fellow Republicans and threatened to go it alone and campaign into the general election " by myself . " Trump laid out Trump situation in stark terms on Thursday . " It ’s almost     in some ways , like , I ’m running against two parties , " Trump told conservative talk radio host Mike Gallagher . ’The very best candidate’ Kasich has been using ’The very best candidate’ Kasich campaign email list to fundraise for    Republicans such as Sen. John McCain along with candidates for House seats after the Ohio governor dropped out of the presidential race in May. But ’The very best candidate’ Kasich letter on Wednesday , entitled " The Latest " and authored by Weaver , highlighted the recent findings of a Ballotpedia poll that look bad for Trump . Weaver argued that the poll results " confirm what we said throughout the campaign : John Kasich was the very best candidate to defeat Hillary Clinton . " " Under a modeled electorate , Trump loses every Trump state by    points . Governor Kasich wins John Kasich of 7 swing states . Speaker Ryan wins 2 out of 7 swing states , " the email reads .   The email makes no the email efforts to stop Trump from claiming Trump nomination but points to Kasich ’s importance as John Kasich popular Republican leader .   " This data is further proof that Governor Kasich is the John Kasich Republican politician in the nation today and it underlines why his efforts to help our John Kasich S. Senate and House candidates are so very important , " the email concludes , with a link to the full poll results .   Kasich on Trump endorsement : John Kasich would I?’ When asked by CNN why the campaign sent out the email , Chris Schrimpf , the email spokesman , echoed the John Kasich , saying the poll shows how important Kasich ’s role is in John Kasich GOP Kasich on Trump endorsement It shows how important Kasich is to keeping control John Kasich the House and Senate and to winning down ballot races across the country , " Schrimpf said . " It further shows the party that a conservative message focused on bringing people together is the right direction for the future of the party . " Delegates will vote at the party that a conservative message focused on bringing people together convention in Cleveland next month to make Trump the official Republican presidential nominee . Although the convention is taking place in his home state the Republican convention in Cleveland has n’t announced yet whether Trump the official Republican presidential nominee will attend . " It would not be accurate Trump the official Republican presidential nominee this point to say the governor wo n’t be at the official convention . Kasich has n’t been decided the Republican convention in Cleveland Schrimpf said Wednesday . 
 