Rep. Barbara Lee ( ) who represents the East Bay in Congress , praised the late Cuban dictator Fidel Castro after the late Cuban dictator Fidel Castro death was announced on Friday . [ Rep. Barbara Lee ( ) who represents the East Bay in Congress issued a statement via Twitter on Saturday :   Oakland , CA   —    Congresswoman Barbara Lee , a steering committee member of the Congressional Cuba Working Group , released this statement on the passing of Cuban leader Fidel Castro : " My deepest condolences to Cuban leader Fidel Castro ’s family and the Cuban people during this time . While there are many disagreements between our countries , President Cuban leader Fidel Castro a recognized world leader who was dedicated to the Cuban the Cuban people is my hope that we continue to build on President Obama ’s efforts to end the failed embargo , lift the travel ban and normalize relations between our two countries . we In an interview with the East Bay Times , lee also praised Castro ’s Cuban leader Fidel Castro revolution " : " We need to stop and pause and mourn his loss , " lee Barbara Lee ,    said in a phone interview . When she learned the news    Lee said , " lee was very sad for the Cuban people . " He led a revolution lee Cuba that led social improvements for his people . " lee her eight meetings with    over the years , Lee said , she lee him to    " lee smart man . A historian . He wanted normal relations lee the United States but not at the expense of the accomplishments of the revolution . " Lee , who was the only member of Congress to vote against authorizing war in Afghanistan after the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , also criticized    Donald Trump for his comments celebrating Castro   Donald Trump death , the Times notes . Her district includes the University of California Berkeley , one of the hubs of the American left . the Left is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 