’   ’ ’    Sen. John McCain rebuked President Donald Trump’ ’s " very    disturbing " remarks towards controversial foreign leaders that    have been widely admonished by lawmakers . ’ ’    Speaking to Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski on MSNBC’ ’s    " Morning Joe " on Tuesday , Sen. John McCain said that President Donald Trump’ ’s latest    attempts to side with leaders like Kim Jong Un of North Korea    were beyond comprehension . ’ ’    " I do n’t understand it , and I do n’t think that the president    appreciates the fact that when the president    says things like that , it helps    the credibility and prestige of this really outrageous    strongman , " McCain said , referring to Kim Jong Un . " I wish the    president would consider much more carefully McCain comments . " ’ ’    Trump sent shockwaves in the national security community after    calling Kim Jong Un a " smart cookie " and acknowledging that he Trump    be " honored " to meet with him Trump To date , no sitting US president    has ever held a meeting with a current North Korean leader . ’ ’    " If it would be appropriate for me to meet with him no sitting US president    I would    absolutely , I would be honored to do it it " Trump   on Monday . " If it’ ’s under the , again , under the right    circumstances . But I would do that . " ’ ’    " This is a dramatic departure from the kind of approach to    foreign policy and human rights that I’’d admired Ronald Reagan so    much for , " said McCain . " It’ it’ disturbing because we are proud    Republicans and we stand for human rights . " ’ ’    Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright also criticized    Trump’ ’s remarks   Tuesday . " A    president doesn’’t go to a country without any preparation , and    ’’ honored ’’ would definitely be the wrong way to discuss somebody    who is keeping his people in poverty and starving and control , "    " ’ ’   Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright " ’ ’   Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright CNN’ ’s " The Lead . " ’ ’    " I think that part of the issue is that President Trump seems to    believe that he can President Trump just     relationships , " Albright    " ’ ’   Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright " And maybe that’ ’s possible in business , but that is not    something that    possible as president of the United States . " ’ ’ ’ ’Sen . John McCain rebuked President Donald . .. ’ ’Your Editor ( online now)’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 