Zoltan Istvan is the most intriguing presidential candidate you ’ve never heard of . While those at the forefront of the 2016 race talk about defeating ISIS , Zoltan Istvan is taking on beating death ISIS . Recently , I had a chance to talk to Zoltan Istvan . [ In approaching the interview , I was unsure of what to expect . Zoltan Istvan is a dynamic personality , as polarizing as Zoltan Istvan is engaging . Zoltan Istvan enthusiasm for the future is contagious , and Zoltan Istvan ’s not afraid to make seemingly outrageous statements to get people engaged in a conversation Zoltan Istvan believes is vital   —    not only to our country ’s future , but humanity ’s .   I ’ve been following your articles on Motherboard , but I ’d like to more formally introduce you to our readers . Even considering the current , shall our say " eclectic " roster of candidates , your campaign remains particularly unique . Istvan : You know , when you ’re a    you do wacky things to try to get some attention and spread your message . I think one thing I ’ve been a little bit more open about recently , is while I have aimed to make the political side of my things kind of centric , I think most people know me basically as someone who has sort of some Libertarian values , even if most people ’re a little bit    Libertarian values , but most people ’re ultimately that . So you ’ve gone from sailing around the world , reporting for National Geographic , surfing down the side of an active volcano , war coverage in Kashmir , and writing a    novel . Now you ’ve driven a    bus around the country , campaigning for president of the United States . The first question I would ask is    …     why ? Well , you know , regarding the campaign , had a lot to do with actually a draw to trying to make the world a better place . I do n’t like to use the word " public service " because it does n’t necessarily mean what I ’m trying to do , but there is this real feeling that through technology and science we can make the the world significantly better place . And some of that science and technology is coming so quickly that a lot of people do n’t realize it . So what I had been thinking , especially after I wrote my novel The Transhumanist Wager , which was broadly considered a kind of Libertarian book , how can I now do something next without writing another book   —    and , you know , beyond my articles . And the real answer was , well , why not do a presidential campaign that really emphasized science and technology ? No one had really ever done that . You know , it just turned out to be something that grew really big as far as publicity , visibility , and media , and it ’s it a really unique way for a lot of people to say , " Wow , what if this country was run by a scientist or run by a technologist ? " and that , you know , it ’s this country something to examine . Not that , of course , I have much chance of winning . So that ’s how I ended up doing the political aspect of it . And I ’m pretty pleased with so far how that campaign has turned out . It ’s that campaign fascinating to follow . We just recently covered a Pew Research study that suggests that while people believe that 65 % of jobs could potentially be replaced by artificial intelligence , about 80 % do n’t believe that their job about 80% be replaced . There ’s this huge disparity between what ’s actually happening in technology and people ’s awareness , and how those things might actually affect their lives those things In that respect , I think that you ’ve brought something that we can all appreciate to the conversation . I could n’t agree with you more . It shocks me sometimes , especially coming off my national bus tour , where I went all the way across the country talking about technology , how little people really understood how they ’re how little people to be affected . My wife is an OBGYN . She trained My wife 19 years to practice gynecology and what she does My wife and frankly , they , at a conference recently , they said they " Hey , be prepared that robots can deliver babies better than humans within    years . Just be prepared for it . " And that ’s an incredibly complicated job . And so , what I ’m trying to say is , if her job My wife be replaced , it affects her job financially . What about retirement and all these other things ? If that can happen , then probably everyone ’s jobs are going to be at risk , and I would say within 5 years you ’re going to see truck drivers   —    one thing I found on my bus tour is that we really met a lot of truck drivers because we stopped we truck stops , here we have we big bus and , you know , there ’s already driverless trucks out there in other countries being experimented on , and we have we 3 or 4 million truck drivers in America , one of the largest jobs . What do they do when they ’re they ? And these are grown men . They ’re they going to sit down quietly and say , " Oh , my job ’s gone . " So , you know , they ’re they to be mad . They ’re they to potentially want to revolt . They ’re they to say , " We need they training , " but what are you going to train them for they that in time another AI would n’t take ? So this is one of the most important issues of our time . It astonishes this that the presidential candidates we have our not discussing this . These advancements have the potential not only to redefine American policies , but the way the entire world functions . Why do you think nobody is talking about it ? Why is this a fringe conversation ? So I think what ’s happening in the elections , is what ’s been happening for the last twenty or thirty years . We have this new concept of being overly politically correct . It ’s probably part of the success of Donald Trump , of why he ’s Donald Trump as this candidate , and people are shocked that he did Donald Trump because he ’s Donald Trump to say the things he wants Donald Trump worrying about the backlash . No other candidate now can do that . And that ’s one of the problems with why nobody wants to discuss artificial intelligence . They know that as soon as they say They about people losing jobs , they ’re They to lose voters . But , you know , unfortunately , whether they say as soon as they say something about people losing jobs, they’re going to lose voters or do n’t say it , it like Google or Silicon Valley , they ’re companies like Google or Silicon Valley    ahead with their artificial companies like Google or Silicon Valley , and they ’re companies like Google or Silicon Valley to make , literally , billions and billions of dollars off machines essentially replacing humans with work . We need to have that conversation whether it ’s politically correct or not , whether people lose voters or not . And that ’s been one of my things is that I ’ve been   —    I have no shot of winning , of course   —    I get to say whatever I want , and what I say is generally just the truth about technology . Hey , 95 % of the jobs , in my opinion , will be gone within 50 years . Within 30 years , you ’re looking at probably   % and can you imagine , what kind of world we ’ll live in ? I ’m not even sure that capitalism , which I support , will survive . Because I ’m not sure how capitalism can survive when 60 % of the world does n’t   —    ca n’t   —    work . So , you know , what do you do ? And of course , as soon as you mention these topics , it gets very edgy or very scary for people , and that ’s exactly why the main politicians do n’t want to do it . it just the main politicians to talk about the things we all understand : taxes , Social Security , immigration , foreign policy . They ’re the main politicians realizing that it ’s science and technology that are going to make the biggest disruptions in society in the next five , ten , and twenty years . And if they just the main politicians it underneath the rug , it does it mean it ’s it going to come out . I mean , Silicon Valley is developing and investing as much as possible , and all around the world technology companies are , in these technologies . We ’re looking at a completely different society here in as little as ten , or fifteen , or twenty years . It ’s Silicon Valley conversation that you ’re very personally invested in furthering . You have not only funded your entire campaign yourself , you seem to do most of the work for your campaign personally , too . What ’s that like ? It ’s Silicon Valley stark contrast against the major campaigns Trump , Cruz , Clinton , even Sanders   —    they all have enormous teams of people to handle every possible task on their behalf people I really feel like independent candidates ,    candidates have no real shot against competing against the bigger presidential candidates like Clinton or Clinton , because of finance laws . It ’s like , you know , they can candidates in a billion dollars for their campaign candidates where the average person , if they want candidates run for president , even if you ’re technically allowed , is probably going to take in    or    or   . We have a couple hundred people running for president and I thought , you know , " Anyone can become the president " is what I was taught . But it ’s not necessarily the case when you look at it from the case realistic point of view . Without big giant donors , without big funding behind you , there ’s no way to make a real run . So I chose upfront to make a stance   —    a symbolic stance   —    you know , for campaign finance reform so we can make it so campaign finance reform anyone can get their voice anyone . Not just the big players that belong to the big establishments . But beyond that   …      That has , you know , limited my ability to hire staff , because I ’m a     person . I ’m an entrepreneur , I had a real estate business , I sold it , a real estate business ’s a real estate business me a whole bunch of freedom . I ’m not ’m gazillionaire , so I have to fund my campaign . And so , we have volunteers . Everybody is not paid whatsoever , nobody is paid . But we have we 40 people that do stuff . But nobody does it   . Nobody does it perhaps it than even a few hours a week , except for a couple different people , and they really a couple different people a lot of freedom in what they want a couple different people do . Sometimes they ’re a couple different people even supporting my campaign my campaign as supporting a Transhumanist political agenda . And so , you know , everyone ’s sort of scattered and left to their own , everyone I do everything , which included driving my bus . This was one of the big questions : Did I actually hire a driver to drive the bus , or am I the driver of my campaign bus ? The fun news was that because it was such The fun news funny bus , it was interesting to drive and do all these kinds of things with it . But yeah , it left me it a very difficult decision as a "   " to try to push this forward . Luckily , the media has been very open to what I ’m doing , and I think that ’s kind of the biggest method for getting a Grass Roots Movement behind you . And as a result , we have , now tens of thousands of supporters , both pushing for my campaign in social media , meeting me at rallies . You know , we ’ve had we lot of great film crews come and cover us . So we despite us being very we and despite me running mostly everything by myself , it me been a fascinating way to try to educate the country the country real need for the government to embrace the science and technology in our lives . Or perhaps for the technology in our lives to embrace our lives In a recent CBC interview , you suggested that within    years   —    rather than people running for president at all   —    maybe an AI should run the country . the country and I really do actually advocate for this . Because they already think that , for example by 2020 they already have a competition on they artificial intelligence can give the best TED talk . I do believe that , probably within 15 years   —    I know I said    years in the    piece I did recently , but I think it ’s probably closer to 15   years   —    we will have a machine out there , that with a handful of people kind of overseeing it , will be able to a machine incredibly altruistic decisions for ourselves . Now , I ’m we the biggest fan of altruism when it comes to an individual . Like myself , or family , I sort of believe that we have selfish reasons for doing things , and that ’s often what makes a strong capitalist society move forward . However , when it comes to somebody running the country , I the country know   —    for example , a police officer or something like that   —    I would want to know that they ’re really out for my best interests and the best interests of the people , and I do think we can program that into a machine that can make the very best decisions for the greater good . And it can do it in a way that is truly it you know , without the lobbyists , without the special interests , in a way that really makes it the most " American President " it you can have . I think that could really be the best thing we could ever do for this country . You know the country , we have so much fighting , the country we split . But the country you had a presidential candidate who said , " I ’m always going to make the very best decision for the greatest amount of Americans . " That ’s a very different thing than we have right now . No more biases . we more Left , no more Right . You know , no more Democrats or Republicans . You know , just , " I ’m here for the greatest number of Americans . ’m And that ’s what I think would be very interesting to see , and I certainly advocate for experimenting with that , and seeing if that was something that would be better for the country than what we have going the country , for example , in the 2016 elections . So   …      actual Skynet . I must admit , there ’s a lot of bickering   and    going on right now . Yeah , and I do n’t see an AI doing that . I see an AI simply answering questions from a very technical point of AI . And when you really get down to what we would want a president for , we want it to , technically , bring about the we amount of prosperity and happiness and health for the country as a whole . In many the country these are very mathematical questions , and that ’s where I think an AI president could exceed many expectations . In the mean time an AI while you do n’t seem to have any illusions about winning the presidency in November , do you have any advice for someone who might ? I think the thing I would really continue to emphasize is the separation of church and state . I really do believe that the country has an issue with mixing its moral the country politics . And this is again the country kind of why I really think we just need objective leaders , leaders that"Yes , fine . I do n’t mind you being religious . That ’s of course your prerogative . Do it . " But really it needs to be kept out of politics . And , you it , the same way with religion . You want to keep your biases out . You want to keep your   …      anything out . I mean , if you ’re a racist , you want to keep that out . I mean all of our biases must be kept out entirely in order to serve the people . And so , if I was going to say anything to whoever ends up winning , please keep your bigotry , keep your biases out of the system of running the country . Let your biases this " how can the country Americans the most to fulfill obvious things . You know , health ’s safety , family values , prosperity , national defense . These kinds of things . And I would say , on top of that , I think the biggest agenda that I have been pushing   —    the single biggest agenda that I have been pushing   —    is to try to spend more money on science and technology instead of building bombs , building more weapons , " revitalizing " our nuclear weapons . I mean , you know , spending a billion dollars on that . If we spent more money on science and technology , if we reduced the size of the military   —    and I ’m not we the term " reduce " in the sense of , you know , not putting the money somewhere else , but we can change the military industrial complex into a science industrial complex . Everyone can make just as much money as before . Everyone can have just as much prosperity . But let ’s focus on fighting wars against diabetes , against cancer , against Alzheimer ’s , instead of fighting other human beings in far off countries where most of us will never ever go . And that ’s been one of the big things that I ’ve been drumming on is that , you know , if we create a scientific industrial complex , America will be better for it in 50 years , whereas I do n’t know if a growing military a scientific industrial complex complex , sort of how America thrives , is really going to work very well 50 years into the America , when it ’s all cybersecurity , all these other kinds of new types of worlds a scientific industrial complex AI controlling their weapons . I think it ’s science and technology that an AI make this all these other kinds of new types of worlds with AI much greater than it a scientific industrial complex is .   — the country    This is part one of a a scientific industrial complex interview . In the next part , Zoltan Istvan will discuss Transhumanism , solving the problem of a    population with fewer jobs , and telepathy through biomechanical implants . Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology , and snarky opinions on both . 
 