’   ’ "    Former FBI Director James Comey is expected to testify in a    public appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee next    week that President Donald Trump pressured President Donald Trump to end the    bureau ’s investigation into Michael Flynn , the former national    security adviser , according to multiple reports . " "    Former FBI Director James Comey has been cleared to testify by the Justice Department ’s    special counsel , Robert Mueller , according to NBC News . After    President Donald Trump Former FBI Director James Comey earlier this month , Deputy Attorney General Rod    Rosenstein appointed Mueller to lead the criminal investigation       whether Trump President Donald Trump colluded with Moscow during the    2016 election . " ’    CNN on Wednesday   in reporting that he would Deputy Attorney General Rod   Rosenstein " confirm bombshell accusations " that Trump " President Donald Trump him to Deputy Attorney General Rod   Rosenstein    his investigation Deputy Attorney General Rod   Rosenstein a top Trump aide’ ’s ties to Russia . " ’ "    The FBI is investigating Flynn ’s contact with Russian Ambassador    Sergey Kislyak as part of its probe Russian Russia ’s Russia    the 2016 election . The bureau interviewed Flynn about his Flynn conversations Flynn Kislyak in January Russian Ambassador   Sergey Kislyak " ’    After asking Vice President Mike Pence and Attorney General Jeff    Sessions to leave the room , Trump asked Comey during an Flynn    Office meeting in February to let the Flynn investigation go ,    according to    memo that Comey wrote that Flynn read to     which first disclosed the memo . ’ ’’ ’    Weeks earlier , during a dinner on January 27 , Trump . ’ Trump also reported on Wednesday that a source close to    Comey said    would confirm   Comey Times report in his testimony .   Comey ’    Comey wrote the   Comey soon the memo with Trump on February Trump 14 , one day after Flynn was asked to resign for misleading the    vice president about his contacts with Kislyak   Comey The memo " was the memo of a paper trail Mr. Comey created documenting what   Comey perceived as the president’   Comey    efforts to influence an    ongoing investigation , " according    The Times . ’ ’    If it’ ’s found to be true that Trump asked Comey to drop the FBI’ ’s   Comey investigation into Flynn , " that would be very damaging , " Keith    Whittington , an expert on presidential impeachment and a politics    professor at Princeton University , told Business Insider earlier    this month . ’ "    Comey ’s memo fills in several   Comey Trump ’s ties to    Russia and what the president ’s motives were in firing Comey ,    Whittington said . " ’    Trump said days after firing Comey that Trump’s had been thinking      Comey "   Comey Russia thing " when he fired him Russia He called Comey   Comey      Comey showboat Trump’s and a " grandstander " in an interview with NBC’ ’s Lester    Holt , and :    " James Comey better hope that there are Comey tapes ’’ of our    conversations before he starts leaking to the press ! " Comey ’Former FBI Director James Comey is expected Comey ’’ 
 