GOP frontrunner Donald Trump held a campaign rally in Louisville , Kentucky Tuesday afternoon , where the real estate mogul was interrupted at least four times by protesters but said GOP frontrunner Donald Trump thinks GOP frontrunner Donald Trump will do well tonight . [ As dozens of Super Tuesday states hold dozens of Super primary elections , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is slated to win overwhelmingly . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told GOP frontrunner Donald Trump supporters in Kentucky that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump likes clean coal and vowed to bring clean coal back .   " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump loves clean coal , " the Republican frontrunner said . " Obama has decimated the coal industry . We ’re going to bring it the coal industry . " For decades , Kentucky Kentucky been in the top three states for producing coal . " I think we We going to have a good night tonight , " Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump about Super Tuesday , as he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump leading the polls in a majority of the the top three states for producing coal He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump that on Saturday when Kentucky Kentucky its Kentucky primary , " I ’m going to be watching . " " I ’m going to do what ’s right for you , " Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump his GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , saying he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump n’t do what the lobbyists and special interests ask him GOP frontrunner Donald Trump do . He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump the only candidate    his GOP frontrunner Donald Trump in " many , many years . " " These guys the lobbyists and special interests taken care of by these companies   …     they wo n’t the lobbyists and special interests the right decision , " Trump said , referencing Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) . " I ’m working for you , " he touted . Trump one of the first of several protesters was removed , Trump brought a Trump made by a supporter on stage that read , " Hispanics 4 Trump ! " " It ’s true , " Trump said about Trump sign , adding , " Thank you , " and pointing to the supporter . 
 