In August 1961 , Barack Obama was born in Honolulu , Hawaii , thousands of miles from the American mainland . Barack Obama spent 14 of Barack Obama first 18 years on those islands , bodysurfing off Sandy Beach Park , surrounded by the expansive blue of the Pacific . Barack Obama later moved inland , to Los Angeles , New York , Chicago , and eventually the White House . But Barack Obama never lost Barack Obama childhood connection to the sea . When Barack Obama leaves the Oval Office this month , Barack Obama will have safeguarded more of the ocean than any other president , and increased the amount of protected waters around the U. S. by four times . * Barack Obama administration has also worked to improve American fisheries , clamp down on illegal fishing , and create national policies for protecting the oceans . Such measures are vital at a time when the oceans are imperiled by many threats , including overfishing , acidification , pollution , and climate change . " We do n’t see the effects of climate change every single day with our We eyes , " Obama said last September , at a State Department conference in Washington , D. C. " We We see this great , big ocean —   we We that it ’s too big to be wrecked .   It it easy , as a consequence , to dismiss the urgency of the challenge . " " When you look at what he has done in terms of ocean protection , it ’s really remarkable , and partly because it was so unexpected , " says Jean Flemma , a former policy advisor at the U. S. House of Representatives . " When Obama was elected , he he known for being good on environmental issues . But I do n’t think anyone thought at the outset : Here ’s the president who ’s going to be the the President " " This administration has made the ocean a centerpiece for international diplomacy , " says Jane Lubchenco , a marine ecologist and former administrator of NOAA . " They used to Jane Lubchenco, a marine ecologist and former administrator of NOAA out of sight , out of mind . The only people who would talk about ocean issues were science ministers or fishery ministers . Now , when the President talks to other heads of state , oceans are often on the agenda . " " People tend to make issues like this partisan , " she adds . But many of Obama ’s actions to improve ocean health " have their roots in previous Republican administrations and have strong bipartisan support in Congress . " And Obama himself took Obama to wet his conservation feet . Obama January 2013 , the Center for American Progress criticized him for having protected Obama public land than any of the four preceding presidents , and for having leased 2 . 5 times as much acreage to oil and gas companies for drilling . Since then , there ’s been a dramatic   . Under Obama ’s administration , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has expanded several marine sanctuaries , and created the first new ones in 15 years . He himself has created or expanded several national monuments using the Antiquities Act —   a 1906 law passed by Teddy Roosevelt , which allows presidents to unilaterally protect areas of land without congressional approval . Obama has used this Obama 29 times , most recently to create the Bears Ears and Gold Butte monuments just last week . These , and most of the other monuments , are on land . But the biggest ones , by far , are in the ocean . In September 2014 , Obama took the Pacific Obama Islands Marine National Monument , which George W. Bush had created five years earlier , and expanded it   . The monument comprises seven the Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument S.   islands and atolls . It ’s a bustling haven the Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument sharks , groupers , whales , dolphins , turtles , and seabirds , and is now completely closed off to drilling , mining , and commercial ( but not recreational ) fishing . Covering 490 , 000 square miles , it ’s three times the the Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument of California , and bigger than all the    national parks combined . For two years , it was the world ’s largest marine reserve , until Obama smashed his own record in August Obama . Working off another Bush legacy , he quadrupled the size of Bush ’s Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument to 583 , 000 square miles —   twice the size of Texas . The area houses over 7 , 000 marine species including many found nowhere else in the world . Among them the world’s endangered Hawaiian monk 7, 000 marine species including many , a ghostly octopus dubbed Casper , and a newly discovered fish named Tosanoides obama . Animals aside , the monument also contains the wrecks Hawaii’s Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument aircraft carriers that were sunk during World War II , and what Native Hawaiians see as a boundary between the living world and the spiritual one . " Obama not only conserved a really unique ecosystem , but also a part of our history , and an area with very important cultural links , " says Kris Sarri who works at the Department of the Interior . In September , Obama added the first marine monument in Obama Atlantic . Situated off the coast of Cape Cod , the     zone includes    corals and    sperm whales , three underwater canyons that are deeper than the Grand Canyon , and four dormant undersea volcanoes that are taller than the Appalachians .    Obama has been even busier in the Obama months of his term . In October , he Obama reportedly instrumental in persuading a Obama Chinese government to join the U. S. and 23 other governments in setting up the world ’s largest marine protected area in the Ross Sea off Antarctica . In December , as my colleague Robinson Meyer reported , he established an " indefinite " ban Obama oil and gas drilling in virtually the entire    stretch of the Arctic Ocean , as well as parts of the Atlantic . In the same month , he created a 112 , 000 square Obama " climate resilience area " off the west coast of Alaska —   a region that hosts vast numbers of migrating mammals like bowhead whales , belugas , and walruses . His executive order maintains bans against    Obama , adds partials prohibitions against oil and gas exploration , and gives indigenous Native Alaskan communities a greater voice in managing the area . " Any time you are willing to set aside an area for the health of the environment , it ’s an act of courage , " says Jeff Watters , director of government relations at the Ocean Conservancy . " Conservation will always make people upset . But the choices that Obama and Bush made were made after extensive public comment and feedback . It ’s not like they just came in the dead of Obama and Bush . " Indeed , after protests from fishing groups , Obama decided to allow lobster and red Obama fisheries to operate in the Atlantic monument for seven more years . He also pulled back on creating a Obama monument at the kelp forests of Cashes Ledge in New England . For many critics , that ’s not enough . They argue that the Antiquities Act , many critics the monuments that result from it , represent a gross overreach of Executive Branch authority . Rob Bishop , a Utah representative and chairman of the House Committee on Natural Resources , described it as " the most evil Act ever invented " to a group of land managers . " If anyone here likes the Antiquities Act the way it is written , die , " the Antiquities Act added . He and others have repeatedly tried to he the act , or repeal it entirely the Antiquities Act complaints are n’t new the Antiquities Act A miner challenged the Antiquities Act in 1920 , claiming that the Antiquities Act the mark in establishing a large chunk of the Grand Canyon as a monument . The Supreme Court unanimously ruled in Roosevelt ’s favor , and in doing so , set Roosevelt important precedent . But some say the time is right to set a new one , and are looking to Donald Trump to make the historic move of revoking existing monuments once he takes office . Speaking to The Salt Lake Tribune Donald Trump Bishop said that he had had " positive and encouraging " talks with Bishop Trump transition team about this . " However , some Donald Trump analyses have concluded that the Antiquities Act does not authorize the President to repeal proclamations , and that the President also lacks implied authority to do so , the President Alexandra Wyatt , an attorney at the Congressional Research Service . Or , as my colleague Robinson Meyer said , " The president can giveth land to conservation , but he or she can not taketh it away . " Any The president to The president so would likely meet lengthy legal challenges . Trump might not have any appetite for such battles . Earlier this year , he told CBS News that he does n’t like the idea Trump handing federal lands to Trump . " I want to keep the lands great , and you do n’t know what the federal lands going to do , " he said . " This is magnificent land . And we Trump to be great stewards of this land . " Speaking to   Field   Stream magazine , magnificent land , " I am for energy exploration , as Trump as we do n’t do anything to damage the land . And right now we do n’t need too much — magnificent land ’s a lot of energy we " And in a    speech , he claimed that he would follow the legacy of Theodore Roosevelt Trump " conserve Trump protect our beautiful natural Roosevelt the next generation , including protecting lands . " Such promises will ultimately count for little if His administration maintains its His administration of climate change .    carbon emissions are Trump and making the oceans more acidic if the U. S. reneges on its commitment the U. S. reducing such emissions , marine life will eventually suffer . But in the short term , protected waters can help its residents the U. S. cope with climate change , by removing extra stresses like drilling , fishing , and noise pollution . " We have good evidence that protected areas are more resilient and recover faster , " says Lubchenco . That ’s good news for people who depend on the sea for their livelihood . In sanctuaries and monuments the Ross Sea off Antarctica populations of fish can recover , grow , and reproduce people who depend on the sea for their livelihood " Fish are n’t like mammals as females get bigger , they make lots more eggs , so if you allow fish to get big and old , you get Fish lot more babies , " explains Rebecca Goldburg , director of ocean science at the Pew Charitable Trusts . And since those babies can travel over long distances , protected areas act as conveyor belts that continually seed nearby fisheries with fresh stock . Historically , most of the ocean was effectively protected , by the ocean being remote and inaccessible . Now , our technology allows us to fish , mine , and drill everywhere . And the sad truth is that even the unprecedentedly large areas that Obama has protected , combined with similar reserves set up by other Obama , comprise just a few percent of the total ocean . It ’s a dramatic the ocean decade ago , but still " just a drop in the bucket , " says Lubchenco . " Scientists think we ’ll need upwards of 30 percent . " " While it is our oceans’ contours that Lubchenco our coastlines , it is what we decide and do here that will shape our oceans’ future we " Obama once said we " I spent my childhood we those shores , Obama out over the we ocean , and was humbled by it . the ocean that , in a contest between us and the oceans , eventually the oceans will win one way or the other .   So it ’s us that has to adapt .   Not the other the oceans . " *   This article originally stated that Obama it increased us amount of protected Obama around the U. S. by 20 times , " which is true for the continental U. the U. S. for the nation ’s waters , however , is just   . We regret the error . 
 us 