  ( CNN ) The uncle of an Iranian baby ensnared in President Trump ’s travel ban settled on one word Monday to express gratitude to everyone who helped his niece get to the United States for a    heart medical procedure . " It was a miracle , " Samad Teghizadeh said as Fatemeh Reshad recovered at Oregon Health   Science University ’s Doernbecher Children ’s Hospital in Portland , Oregon . The     underwent surgery to repair a    heart defect on February 17 , nine days after arriving at the hospital . nine days after arriving at the hospital was in the intensive care unit Monday and was on the mend , doctors said .   Doctors declined to reveal details of the surgery at the family ’s request .   " We ’re really pleased with how the surgery at the family’s request went , and have a very strong sense at this point nine days after arriving at the hospital is going to recover fully and go on to lead a happy and healthy life , " said Dr. Laurie Armsby , interim head of the hospital ’s division of pediatric cardiology , who joined doctors and Teghizadeh at a news conference . Holes in nine days after arriving at the hospital heart   Fatemeh became one of the faces of the dozens of foreign nationals caught up in the president ’s January 27 executive order that barred travel from seven    countries for 90 days . One of those seven   countries Iran . In January , doctors in Tehran told Fatemeh Fatemeh that she had Fatemeh abnormalities and two holes in her heart Fatemeh The family lacked Fatemeh’s family to treat the infant . Her parents Fatemeh boarded a flight to Dubai , United Emirates , but they were rerouted back Her parents Iran and told to apply for a US Visa in 90 days . The family was scheduled Fatemeh’s family doctors in Portland on February 5 , but Trump ’s order prevented them traveling , according to Fatemeh’s family . The order , which had barred citizens from the seven countries from entering the United States for 90 days and all refugees for 120 days , has been entangled in the courts . Three weeks ago , a    panel in the Ninth Court of Appeals ruled against reinstating the travel ban for now .   The White House is expected to release a new version of its travel ban soon . The White House new ban is expected its travel ban of some of the legal potholes the first one hit . A case of ’generosity and compassion’ Immigration attorneys contacted the State Department to help Fetemeh ’s family obtain a waiver to navigate the ban . Her family reached out its travel ban of Sen. Fetemeh’s family ,   .   State and federal officials intervened . Several congressional Democrats from Oregon , including Merkley , asked Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to grant Fatemeh and her parents a waiver . Doctors at OHSU agreed Fatemeh waive their fees , and the hospital pledged to ensure Doctors at OHSU most of the surgery was covered . The International Refugee Assistance Project also arranged the family ’s travel . " I think Fatemeh ’s case is one of generosity and compassion Fatemeh great number of individuals , " Jennifer M. Morrisey , a Portland immigration attorney who represents the family said Monday , noting that Fatemeh and her the family’s granted waivers to travel . Fatemeh She Fatemeh : " And I hope that we ’ll Fatemeh other cases of that kind of compassionate concern coming forward in the times to come in the immigration realm , " she said .   Surgery was an ’   affair’ Fatemeh had a " fairly complicated anatomy with a Fatemeh , " Amber Murray , a    immigration attorney , said earlier referring to a ventricular septal defect . A ventricular septal defect ( VSD ) is a common heart defect present at birth due to an abnormal connection between the ventricles or lower chambers of the heart , according to the Mayo Clinic . The infant ’s initial diagnosis also indicated that she also had other heart complications , including an atrial septal defect The infant a " hole " in the wall that separates the top two chambers of the heart . Her February 17 surgery was an "   affair , " said The infant Irving Shen , head of the division of pediatric cardiac surgery at OHSU Doernbecher Children ’s Hospital , Armsby added : " The surgery was a little bit more complicated based on the number Her February 17 surgery of the holes in her heart . " Thanks to ’Uncle Sam’ Dr. Dana Braner , The infant physician at the hospital , said he could n’t say how long Fetemeh ’s recovery would take because every Dr. Dana Braner, chief physician at the hospital is different . He called Teghizadeh " Uncle Sam , " and thanked him for helping Dr. Dana Braner, chief physician at the hospital set up the trip . Teghizadeh said the kindness Dr. Dana Braner, chief physician at the hospital others surprised him     and Fatemeh ’s family .   " In the beginning , Dr. Dana Braner, chief physician at the hospital did n’t have any hope , " he said . Teghizadeh , an American citizen , lives in Portland with Dr. Dana Braner, chief physician at the hospital parents     Fatemeh ’s grandparents     who also are US citizens . Dr. Dana Braner, chief physician at the hospital said he Fatemeh to be a citizen . He said he struggled Fatemeh find Fatemeh right words to express his gratitude Fatemeh English Fatemeh not his frist language .   Teghizadeh rattled Fatemeh list of thank you ’s Fatemeh including to Merkley , who he said called him twice , and lawmakers who wrote the letter to Teghizadeh .   Teghizadeh called the hospital staff " fantastic . " He thanked his fellow Teghizadeh and called the state amazing .   " Teghizadeh I Teghizadeh going to stay here Oregonians " he said of Oregon . 
 Teghizadeh 