Washington ( CNN ) Moscow has deployed a cruise missile in an apparent treaty violation , a senior military official told CNN Tuesday . The move is just the latest in a string of Russian provocations in the early days of the Trump administration , which has called for warmer relations with the Kremlin . The traditional US adversary has also positioned a spy ship off the coast of Delaware and carried out flights near a US Navy warship , concerning American officials . The administration has not officially drawn any links between the three events . The    cruise missile seems to run counter to the 1987    Nuclear Forces ( INF ) Treaty , the senior military official said . The New York Times first reported is deployment . While declining to speak on intelligence matters , a spokesman for the US State Department did draw attention to Russian violations of the 1987   Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty . " The Russian Federation remains in violation of its The Russian Federation Treaty obligations not to possess , produce or    a    cruise missile with a range capability of 500 to 5 , 500 kilometers , or to possess or produce launchers of such missiles , " acting spokesman Mark Toner said in a statement issued Tuesday . Russia The Russian Federation believed to have tested one such missile in 2014 . " We have made very clear our We about Russia The Russian Federation , the risks it poses our concerns about Russia’s violation European and Asian security , and our strong We in returning Russia to The Russian Federation with the treaty , " Toner added . Just last week , a US Navy warship in the Black Sea had three encounters with Russian aircraft Friday that were deemed to be unsafe and unprofessional because of how close the Russian planes Russian to the US , according to a senior defense official .    The USS Porter , a    destroyer , was operating in the Black the Black Sea was approached three times by Russian aircraft , including Russian    and two   . The Navy calculated the Russian planes may the Russian planes as close as 1 , 000 yards laterally from the ship and 1 , 000 feet over the water , but did not cross the deck of the Porter . Moscow pushed back on the allegation Tuesday , with Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov telling Russian state media " Russian has been no incident on February 10th involving flybys of Russian military planes in the Black Sea next to USS Porter . "   Meanwhile the Porter US defense official told CNN that the Russian spy ship , the    Viktor Russian , is sailing in international waters off the coast of Delaware . The vessel is outfitted with a variety the Russian spy ship, the   Viktor Leonov spying equipment and is designed to intercept signals intelligence . Fox News first reported on the ship ’s location . The official noted that this is not a US defense official time the ship has been deployed off the coast of the ship’s . Similar patrols were carried out by the Leonov in 2014 off the coast of Florida and in 2015 , adding that such missions were much more common during the Cold War . The Russian cruise missile would be capable of threatening NATO ’s European members . Secretary of Defense James Mattis is due to visit NATO ’s headquarters to meet with his counterparts Wednesday . NATO’s INF Treaty eliminated an entire Secretary of Defense James Mattis of weapons that threatened Europe , in particular the threat of    attacks . The treaty remains a key component of our security , and The INF Treaty    is a serious concern for the alliance , " a NATO official told CNN . " NATO allies have the capabilities in place to ensure that Russia will NATO gain any military advantage from disregarding the INF Treaty , " the official added .   The Kremlin The INF Treaty the day after Trump a NATO official security adviser , Michael Flynn , was forced to resign after failing to fully disclose conversations he had with Russia ’s ambassador to the US concerning US sanctions while he was Trump yet in Russia Trump has in the past expressed interest in arms Trump talks with the Kremlin and indicated Trump would seek a new opening with Moscow . White House press secretary Sean Spicer , Trump , said Tuesday that , " The president has been incredibly tough on Russia . " Spicer pointed to UN Ambassador Nikki Haley ’s recent remarks on the Russia ’s actions in White House press secretary Sean Spicer Ukraine and occupation of Crimea , adding that Trump " expects Russia government to deescalate violence in the Ukraine and return Crimea . " " At the same time he fully expects to and wants to be able Crimea get along with Russia unlike previous administrations , " he added . In a Tuesday evening tweet , the Russian Russia in Washington said Russia " he continue to patiently explain to the new US administration why Crimea is Russia . Russia   Trump himself , though , repeatedly praised Putin on the campaign Crimea as Russia as since being elected , while offering few if any criticisms . Asked about sanctions against Russia , newly minted Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Tuesday that sanctions were an important tool but Russia not specify any intensions towards Russia . " Our current sanctions programs are in place , and I would say sanctions are Russia important tool that we will continue to look at for various different countries . But it ’s a very important program within the Treasury Department , " Mnuchin said . In contrast an important tool that we will continue to look at for various different countries Sen. Tom Cotton , an Arkansas Republican , called for a newly minted Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin response to the cruise missile . " If the last administration showed us anything , it ’s that ignoring these kinds of provocations simply means they will proliferate , " he said the last administration a statement . " I ’ve said before we these kinds of provocations to set firm boundaries for Russia ’s behavior     and enforce them to the hilt us I take this news as evidence that the US should build up Russia’s behavior     nuclear forces in Europe . " 
 the US 