Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus calls Donald Trump the " presumptive nominee . " Donald Trump deputy campaign manager Michael Glassner is heading to Cleveland to scope out the situation for Trump deputy campaign manager Michael Glassner boss . Indeed , most Republicans   —    with the conspicuous exception of House Speaker Paul Ryan   —    are lining up behind Donald Trump . [ Of course , Donald Trump still faces a daunting challenge . Donald Trump # NeverTrump detractors have spent $ 43 million in the last three months to tear him Donald Trump , and that ’s a big reason why he Donald Trump 13 points down against Hillary Clinton in the latest CNN poll . And Larry Sabato of the University of Virginia   —    probably a liberal in his Donald Trump of hearts , but still ,    enough   —    has released an electoral college map showing Trump losing , 347 to 191 . To put those numbers in perspective , Sabato Larry Sabato would put Trump in Trump somewhere between the totals of John McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012   —    both losers .   Meanwhile , the media are lying in wait to hurt Trump further Trump The Washington Post , which has published an endless string of    editorials , as well as      offered some " news " in a May 5 headline : " This brutal new ad shows the shredding machine that awaits Trump . Trump As Stuart Stevens , a # NeverTrump Republican , has said with a cackle , a "    buzzsaw " is coming after the real estate mogul . Of course , all is not lost . As Trump likes Trump say , " Anybody who hits me , we ’re going to hit them 10 times harder , " and who should doubt that he means it . Sixteen Republican rivals have already found out what it ’s it to be hit by the Trump Truck . Moreover , polls and projections can change . We might we that in 1988 , Republican presidential candidate George H. W. Bush was down 17 points against Democrat Michael Dukakis in May , and down by the same    margin again in August   —    and yet , of course , Bush went Republican presidential candidate George H. W. Bush to win by almost eight points . And Bush ’s Republican presidential candidate George H. W. Bush victory   —    he won Republican presidential candidate George H. W. Bush states   —    came despite the    millstone of Dan Quayle , his vice Republican presidential candidate George H. W. Bush pick . So now let ’s talk about Trump ’s vice presidential pick . It is , probably , the most important decision that Trump will Trump between now and the election it is not only the choice that will affect the outcome of the race , it is also the choice that will reveal much about Trump the Trump Newt Gingrich said admiringly , Trump may be " Trump Steve Jobs of modern politics "   —    that is , the singular genius who remade his world . But Trump Jobs , brilliant as he was , had Trump great team around him , led by Trump designer Jony I ve . So yes , Trump needs a team Trump And on the subject of the vice presidency , Trump has had quite Trump lot to say in recent days . He told Robert Costa Trump the Washington Post   —    a token    reporter at that paper   —    that his choice would be Trump on two factors . First , " The number one qualification always is , ‘ Would they be a good The number one qualification ? ’ " And second : Having a working relationship with the person is going to be very important . You have to have good chemistry . In all fairness , when Obama chose Biden , it was an odd choice and yet they have very good chemistry together and therefore it was a good it for them . So having they chemistry is very important . Looking ahead to the actual mechanics of his White House operation , Trump told Breitbart News ’s Matthew Boyle that , as president , he would most need his dealing with Congress : I need a political person . Somebody that can deal with the Hill , that can deal with Congress and get things Congress , get things passed . Elaborating on that theme , Trump told the New Trump Times : As president , I ’ll be working from the first day with my vice president and staff to make clear that America will be changing in major ways for the better    …      I want a vice president who will help me have a major impact quickly on Capitol Hill . One the Hill has come up repeatedly is Ohio Gov. John Kasich . As Trump said on CNN Trump Wednesday : I ’d be very interested in vetting John . I like John Ohio Gov. John Kasich I ’ve had Ohio Gov. John Kasich good relationship with John , I ’ve gotten Ohio Gov. John Kasich with him well . Yet interestingly Ohio Gov. John Kasich Kasich has strongly denied any Ohio Gov. John Kasich in the position . In February , he seemed to go out Ohio Gov. John Kasich his way to take himself Ohio Gov. John Kasich of consideration , Ohio Gov. John Kasich that he " would be the Ohio Gov. John Kasich vice president anybody could ever imagine . "   Continuing , Kasich said : I ’d Ohio Gov. John Kasich worse than Biden . Because I ’m my own man . I ’m not going to take ’m from these people . It ’s not what I do .   It ’s not who I It . Indeed , others , too , have announced that they wish to take themselves others of consideration , others South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley , New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez , Ohio Sen. Rob Portman , and Florida Gov. Rick Scott . But of course , in politics , one never says never   —    or at least one never , or almost never , means it . It ’s likely that , it a crunch , most or all of the above names could be persuaded . But of course , maybe Trump is n’t interested in begging   —    maybe he ’s better off searching Trump those who wish to be searched . Indeed , Trump has set up a Trump search committee , led by Dr. Ben Carson   —    he ’s another of those Trump has asked to be removed from consideration . So let ’s consider some of the names that Trump might consider . In Trump interests of fairness , let ’s identify a top ten ’s go in alphabetical order : 1 ) Ben Carson   Yes , Carson has taken himself out Ben Carson   And yes Ben Carson   he has agreed to lead Ben Carson   vice presidential search committee a VP search committee in 2000 , the lead searcher can come up with , uh , interesting search results . Back then , Dick Cheney was leading George W. Bush ’s    committee , and then miraculously , Cheney ended up as the " best " candidate Dick Cheney Bush . It ’s possible that the same thing George W. Bush’s happen again this year , but highly unlikely , for three reasons : First , Carson is an honorable man . Second , Trump is smarter than Bush , and therefore not likely to be gulled George W. Bush’s a staffer . And third , for all his talents , Carson is not a Capitol Hill Trump   — Carson he flunks Trump ’s core test . 2 ) Trump Chris Trump As a state legislator and a governor , Christie certainly seems to possess all the    skills one Gov. Chris Christie want in a VP . And in the shorter term , to the extent that Trump sees his running mate as an " attack dog " against Trump Democrats , well , Christie is more than qualified   —    ask Marco Gov. Chris Christie . Another consideration for a VP pick is more prosaic : Can he carry his a VP state ? New Jersey has been a VP , the Garden State since 1992 . the Garden State has carried it twice , the second time , Gov. Chris Christie a landslide . And Trump the Garden State has his chops when it comes to winning in the Northeast . So yeah Trump himself a    ticket could put the Garden State , and its 14 electoral votes , in play , bigtime . Interestingly , we a   ticket now seeing an early test of Christie ’s politico mojo . After Paul Ryan ’s declaration Gov. Chris Christie was " not yet " ready to endorse Trump , Christie immediately announced Paul Ryan he would be reaching out to Ryan Gov. Chris Christie So we ’ll have to see Trump, Christie that goes . But if Paul Ryan brings home we bacon , in terms of bringing Ryan Gov. Chris Christie , well , that would be a highly visible political feat . Paul Ryan ) Sen. Ted Cruz , Lyin’ Ted ?   Really ? Stranger things have happened . And yes , on Wednesday night , Trump told Bill O’Reilly that it was conceivable that he could pick Cruz . Okay , but still : In the annals of O’Reilly , Trump picking Cruz would be up there . ( And for what it ’s Trump thinks Cruz Cruz is anything but a liar the real rap on the Texan is that he is Cruz , and then some . ) 4 ) Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich the Texan The Georgian would seem to meet all of Trump ’s tests : He is qualified to be president , he knows the Hill , he knows politics . Trump’s , Gingrich ranks as one of Trump’s smartest and most original Trump’s in American life today . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich while he is regarded , by some , as too " hot " to be president , Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , Trump is " hot , " too . The " cool " politicians have gotten us Trump’s the mess we ’re in , and the voters want a change . Like Trump , Gingrich equals us . Moreover , Gingrich has long been allied with Trump himself , Trump when Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich full story of the 2016 Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich comes out , his positive influence on the Trump campaign Trump likely prove to have been extensive . Some Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich point out that Gingrich is 72 , which would potentially make him the oldest vice president ever . On Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich other hand , Gingrich is highly visible Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and highly articulate , on TV just about every day he Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich n’t seem to be faltering at all , not in the least . 5 Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich Former Gov. Mike Huckabee   After his own candidacy fizzled in February , Huckabee emerged as February staunch Trump defender on cable Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich . And of course , long Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , Huckabee had his Trump considerable strengths : He was the highly regarded governor of Arkansas for Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich than Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich decade , and , Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich early as his 2008 presidential campaign , he identified the    blues affecting much of the country   Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich    and this at Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich time when most Republicans were    don’       drinkers . Huckabee , a veteran preacher and broadcaster , has a strong following among evangelicals ,    Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich gun owners . And while the six electoral votes of Arkansas are already in the bag for Trump this November , Huckabee could help across the Arkansas . Plus , he ’s a Trump debater . 6 Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich Gov. John Kasich , Ohio , of course Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich Ohio the swingingest of swing states . And Kasich proved his strength among Ohio Gov. John Kasich on Ohio Gov. John Kasich 15 when he won the Ohio primary Ohio Gov. John Kasich . Moreover Ohio Kasich has the right resume Ohio Gov. John Kasich He was a Congressman for Ohio Gov. John Kasich years , and has enjoyed two successful terms as governor . He even did a stint Ohio Gov. John Kasich Fox News ! Still , there ’s the issue of temperament . When a man says that he " would be the worst vice president anybody could ever imagine , " it ’s a man important to heed him . 7 ) Retired Gen. James Mattis , Trump ’s whole campaign has been about a man leadership , and Mattis this Marine   . Indeed , Mattis is so prominent , and so respected , that the    forces within the Republican Party , led by Bill Kristol , made a strong pitch to Mattis to be their renegade    standard bearer . But Mattis said " no , " and firmly . But is Mattis " political " Mattis Well , the   forces within the Republican Party, led by Bill Kristol climbs as high as Mattis has Mattis without knowing the ropes of Washington , DC , as Mattis as the battlefield . Indeed , one of our greatest presidents Mattis Dwight Eisenhower , went from being a    commanding general to being     without missing a beat . What ’s mostly unknown , though , is how Mattis gets along with Trump , and how Trump he would be as a campaigner . 8) Sen. Marco Rubio , If it ’s hard Mattis see Trump Marco Rubio Trump ’s even harder to Mattis Trump picking Rubio   Trump    who called him , Cruz other nasty things , a " con man . " it again , things happen : John Kennedy and his top aide , his brother Bobby , both despised Sen. Lyndon Johnson , and yet they picked him , anyway , to be JFK ’s running John Kennedy in 1960 . John Kennedy yes , LBJ delivered Texas for the Democratic ticket that year both although John Kennedy , it ’s doubtful that Rubio has that sort of muscle in Florida . Yet the even Florida Marco Rubio about Rubio is whether he would be loyal to Trump ’s agenda . The Marco Rubio did , Marco Rubio all , stake himself out as the    neocon candidate Trump’s , the joke on Marco Rubio campaign trail this year was that Rubio was implicitly promising the this year the Bush 43 presidency his roster of Marco Rubio and advisers George W. Bush’s with old George W. Bush’s hands . So it would certainly be unfortunate for the Trump agenda if his youthful Trump mate , Trump his own presidential future , Trump constantly calculating out a different position . 9 ) MSNBC host Joe Scarborough , Trump’s agenda been a relatively    voice on cable TV , even as he has preserved his reputation as a shrewd and independent analyst . And before that , of course , he was a    Congressman from Florida . Yet his political Florida ended rather abruptly in he , amidst unanswerd questions about the death of a young female staffer in his office he Scarborough was never formally accused of any wrongdoing he but still , the unexplained death of Lori Klausutis is a cloud over Morning Joe . Moreover , more recently he Scarborough may Scarborough scuppered any chance he might have when he said that he would n’t vote for Trump if Trump stuck Trump positions , such as his proposed ban Trump Muslim Scarborough . Could Trump feel compelled he back down Trump he position because he    running mate told him to Trump   That ’ll be Trump day . And then , the feud got worse , as Trump and Scarborough got into a Twitter war . By now , Trump will Trump Megyn Kelly on his Trump before he has Scarborough . Trump ) Sen. Trump Sessions , The    Alabama Senator endorsed Scarborough back in February , when it Trump mattered . February , months earlier , Sessions had dispatched his key policy Scarborough , Stephen Miller , to the Trump campaign to serve as the New Trump ’s policy adviser   —    and Miller did a great job of articulating Trump ’s The   Alabama Senator issues , notably immigration Trump is not surprising , since Sessions has long been the strongest single voice in Congress on restrictive immigration enforcement . Like Gingrich , Sessions is not young   —    he ’ll turn 70 later this year   —    Sessions he , too Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is obviously vigorous . And Sessions has demonstrated Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich political mastery not only Sessions he a respected member of Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich Senate , but , in 2014 , he was the only Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich seeking    who was completely Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich in both the primary and the general election . Okay , so Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich ’s the Trump top ten , as Virgil sees them . One could add other names , such as , for example , Sarah Palin . The former Alaska governor Virgil a clutch Trump endorser before Iowa , and that means Trump lot . But still , Palin is , well , Palin , and so it ’s hard to take Sarah Palin vice president . She has enormous talent as a politician   —    her speech to the 2008 Republican convention Sarah Palin St. Paul will stand Sarah Palin as one of the great rock ‘ em Sarah Palin sock ‘ em campaign orations   Sarah Palin    but she has all too obviously not improved Sarah Palin since . In addition , we can cite a number of attractive young Republican senators , including Sen. Cory Gardner of Colorado , Sen. Tim Scott of South Carolina , Sarah Palin John Thune of South Dakota . Sarah Palin none of them are known nationally , any of them could be seen as competent and qualified . Yet the greatest single challenge to Trump is , frankly , winning this November Trump He has to reach 270 electoral votes a number of attractive young Republican senators, including Sen. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Sen. Tim Scott of South Carolina, and John Thune of South Dakota Trump that Republicans have done only a number of attractive young Republican senators, including Sen. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Sen. Tim Scott of South Carolina, and John Thune of South Dakota in the last six elections , and this November barely . In the view of this grizzled veteran , it would be a mistake for Trump to think he can win by following Trump Karl      Trump that would seek to target a few key swing states , such as Ohio , Colorado , and New Mexico . Such a strategy might work   —    it worked for George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004 , albeit barely   —    but the Democrats are waiting for it . They Colorado that    buzzsaw ready to blaze away , and if they can further Such a strategy their resources into a handful of key counties in those key states , well , that ’s the defensive ambush game Such a strategy Democrats the Democrats to play . And so all that argues against picking a the Democrats president   — the Democrats say , Kasich , or Gardner of Colorado , Ohio Gov. John Kasich Martinez of New Mexico   —    just because that the Democrats possibly deliver his or her home state . So instead of    maybe Trump should try   . That is , Trump for the Colorado country run a    campaign . That ’s what Gingrich has been arguing for on Fox News a vice president   Indeed , Gingrich can point to his 1994 success with the Contract with America Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich which brought Republicans control of the House for Fox News Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich in four decades Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich That was exactly the sort of big , bold " air war " that took the Democrats by surprise . Gingrich ’s Contract helped the GOP win everywhere they even won two House seats in Massachusetts . In other words , it was Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich sort of upset victory that Trump now needs , too . Over the Democrats , Trump has made a point of rejecting stale Republican Trump on GOP host of issues , from Social Security to Iraq . And so once again , now , as he prepares to make the vital vice presidential decision Trump he probably needs to reject stale orthodoxy once again Trump Yes , he needs to swing for the fences , not Trump to punch out a single . If Trump can get good wood on the ball , Trump he and his running mate can really connect with Trump voters Trump he ’ll have not only a political victory , Trump also the policy mandate he needs . And that ’s the real definition Trump # Winning . 
 