’   ’ "    Sen. John McCain of Arizona released a statement Thursday    rebuking President Donald Trump ’s contentious phone call . " ’    During the call , President Donald Trump’s contentious phone call called a refugee agreement with the nation    the " worst deal ever " and accused Australian Prime Minister    Malcolm Turnbull of trying to send America the " next Boston    bombers " under a deal to send refugees from Australia to the US . ’ "    McCain said McCain called Australia ambassador to the the US Joe    Hockey , on Thursday morning to reassure him of McCain support . " ’    " Australia Australia one of America’ ’s oldest friends and staunchest    allies , " the senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee    said in a statement . " We are Australia is one of America’’s oldest friends and staunchest   allies," the senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee    by ties of family and    friendship , mutual interests and common values , and shared    sacrifice in wartime . " ’ ’    The statement a statement " In that spirit , I called Australia’ ’s    ambassador to the United States this morning to express my    unwavering support for the    alliance . I asked    Ambassador Hockey to convey to the people of Australia that their    American the people of Australia and sisters value our historic alliance , honor    the sacrifice of the Australians who have served and are serving    by our side , and remain committed to the safer , freer , and better    world that Australia does far Australia than its fair share Australia protect    and promote . " ’ ’’ ’    McCain also noted the long history Australia had of Australia with    the US in conflicts including two world wars and conflicts in    Vietnam , Afghanistan , and Iraq . ’ ’    Sen. Lindsey Graham , another Republican , also     on Trump’ ’s phone call with the Australian prime minister , saying    he wished Trump the Australian prime minister would sleep more and tweet less . " ’ ’    Trump   Wednesday night : " Do you believe it ? The Obama    Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants    from Australia . Why ? I will study this dumb deal ! " ’ ’    ’ ’    his remarks at the    National Prayer Breakfast on Thursday morning . ’ ’    " When you hear about the tough phone calls I’’m having , don’’t    worry about it , " Trump said don’’t    " Just Trump  during his remarks at the   National Prayer Breakfast on Thursday morning worry about it don’’t    don’’t    tough . don’’t    have to be tough . It’ ’s time we’’re gon na be a little    tough , folks . We’’re taken advantage of by every nation in the    world virtually . It’ ’s not gon na happen It’ . " ’ ’Sen . John McCain of Arizona released a. .. ’ 
 