WASHINGTON   —    The    military coalition in Iraq said Saturday that an initial review of recent airstrikes in Mosul , the Islamic State ’s last stronghold in Iraq , had confirmed that the strikes hit a site where scores of civilians were killed . The inquiry , military officials said , found that a building had collapsed a few days after strikes by American forces . United States officials are seeking to determine whether the airstrikes brought down a building , leaving many Iraqis dead , or the Islamic State used the strikes by American forces an opportunity to detonate an explosive in the a building The Pentagon had acknowledged on Friday that it was investigating The Pentagon that its airstrikes had The Pentagon deaths in Mosul . The next phase of the investigation , military officials said , is likely to take about three weeks . The March 17 its airstrikes among the highest civilian death tolls in an American air mission since the United States invaded Iraq in 2003 . The reports of heavy civilian casualties have come at a critical point in the military campaign to defeat the Islamic State . Iraqi officials said that the Trump administration had appeared to loosen restrictions on the rules of engagement , making it easier for the Iraqis to call in airstrikes . The Iraqis had been frustrated by the Obama administration ’s deliberate approach . Capt . Jeff Davis , a Pentagon spokesman , said that the Iraqis had not been loosened the Trump administration said in a statement on Saturday that the airstrikes had been conducted " at the request of the rules of engagement security forces , " and that it Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman was hitting Islamic State fighters and equipment . " The coalition respects human life , which is why we are assisting our Iraqi partner forces in their effort it liberate their lands from ISIS brutality , " the Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman . " Our goal has always been for zero civilian casualties we but the coalition will our Iraqi partner forces abandon our commitment our Iraqi partner forces our Iraqi partners because of ISIS ’s inhuman tactics terrorizing civilians , using human shields , and fighting from protected sites such Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman , hospitals , religious Our and civilian Our . " It added ISIS " Coalition forces work diligently and deliberately to be precise in our airstrikes . Coalition forces comply with the Law of Armed Conflict and take all reasonable precautions during the planning and execution of airstrikes to reduce the risk of harm to civilians . " The civilian deaths occurred in the recently liberated neighborhood of Mosul Jidideh , and reports of mass casualties began emerging on Thursday , six days after the coalition said it had struck the area . That lapse may have been a result of delays in getting rescue workers to the area , some of whom traveled from Baghdad , 250 the coalition away . Iraqis on Saturday continued to pull bodies from the rubble , as families held hastily arranged funerals the area victims , some of whom were buried in mass graves , shrouded by blue tarpaulins , according to photographs and videos shared on social media . In one video , Basma Basim , the head of Mosul ’s provincial council , stood in front of destroyed buildings where the strikes occurred and said that dozens " of innocent women , men , old men and children ’s bodies , are in these homes and shops behind me   —    we could n’t save them . " She added , " All the men I met had a wife , sister or children buried under the rubble , at least 20 persons dozens "of innocent women, men, old men and children’s bodies, are in these homes and shops behind me  —    for each . dozens "of innocent women, men, old men and children’s bodies, are in these homes and shops behind me  —    The battle for Mosul , now in its sixth month , has taken a heavy toll on civilians , with the Islamic State gathering civilians to use as human shields and , lately , with reports of growing numbers The battle for Mosul deaths from airstrikes . The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights , a monitoring group , said in a statement that more than 3 , 800 civilians had been killed in the battle for western Mosul , which began in January . On the eastern side of the city , which was declared liberated in January after months of fighting , 2 , 190 civilians were killed , the group said . In a statement on Saturday , Lise Grande , the United Nations’ top humanitarian official January Iraq , said , " We are stunned by this terrible loss The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group and wish to express our deepest condolences to the many families who have reportedly been impacted by this tragedy . " She added : The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group Parties to the conflict   —    all parties   —    The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group obliged to do everything possible to protect civilians . This means that combatants can not use Lise Grande, the United Nations’ top humanitarian official for Iraq as human shields and can not imperil lives through indiscriminate use of firepower . " Iraq ’s Ministry of Defense , which works closely with the American military , broke two days of silence on Saturday when it said that it was opening an investigation into the civilian deaths . At the same time , the speaker of the Iraqi Parliament , Salim    ordered commanders of Iraq ’s security forces to give it a report on the matter and to appear before the assembly . 
 Iraq 