Palm Beach , Florida ( CNN ) The future of top White House staffers , Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus , is uncertain , as President Donald Trump is increasingly sending signals President Donald Trump is considering a major shakeup of President Donald Trump leading advisers . The rise of President Donald Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , has only further isolated Steve Bannon , the chief strategist , from the President and Steve Bannon inner circle .   The pressure has mounted as President Donald Trump has begun openly questioning the makeup of his President Donald Trump staff as he President Donald Trump for a win that could reboot his President Donald Trump . Who ultimately prevails in the ideological standoff between blocs led by Kushner and Bannon could determine the trajectory of Trump ’s term in the months or years ahead . He President Donald Trump begun asking those outside the administration     including wealthy friends and longtime confidantes     whether they those outside the administration    including wealthy friends and longtime confidantes     of the makeup of his President Donald Trump . But it ’s also not clear yet that Trump Trump ready to pull the trigger on any changes just yet , the senior GOP source said . Some Republicans think that Trump Trump not ready to make a change , even though they Some Republicans that Priebus , chief of staff , and Bannon should go . The White House issued a statement Friday pushing back on the speculation . " Once again this is a completely false story driven by people who want to distract from the success taking place in this administration , " said Lindsay Walters , a White The White House . " The President ’s pick for the Supreme Court ( a decision that has generational impact ) was confirmed today , we hosted multiple foreign leaders this week and the President The President and decisive military action against Syria last night . The only thing we are shaking up is the way Washington operates as we push the we ’s aggressive agenda forward . " Seat at the table , As Trump sat for dinner Thursday with his Chinese counterpart Trump an ornately frescoed dining room at     the fresh divides seizing the White House staff were on full display . Seated next to President Xi Jinping ’s wife     two seats down from Trump himself     Trump Kushner , the commercial real estate scion and husband of Ivanka Trump , who is quickly consolidating power just shy of the Trump administration ’s 100 day mark . Further down the banquet table     sandwiched between two Chinese officials     was Bannon , the President ’s controversial chief strategist who multiple administration officials now say is in open conflict with Kushner , leading to new polarization in the West Wing just as Trump hopes to the Trump administration his presidency . To White House aides , the tableau was telling : While Bannon still has a seat at the table , his position seems Bannon slipping . Kushner , meanwhile , appears ascendent , even as Trump continues to the Trump administration to both men for advice . A senior administration official said Priebus held a meeting Friday with Bannon and Kushner Bannon " Kushner them on the Bannon and Kushner page , " a development first reported by Politico .   The two advisers Bannon and Kushner focus on policy , " the official added A senior administration official said the meeting was " a meeting . " Trump did not the Trump administration the meeting .   The a meeting nobody A senior administration official the White House . " Quite the opposite , " the official said . " A senior administration official to move forward united . " ’Unwinnable’ fight , According to a person who have spoken with Bannon in recent days , the    former Breitbart executive has said he feels his entrenched battle with Kushner     and , the   former Breitbart executive proxy the   former Breitbart executive with Trump ’s daughter , Ivanka , and other moderate members of the administration     is " unwinnable " given Trump ’s intense loyalty to his own family . He Trump he ’s determined to Trump pressing for key Trump that Trump propel Trump to the White House : cracking down on illegal Trump and scrapping the federal regulations he says compose an overbearing " administrative state . " Trump his standing in Trump ’s    has been diminished . Trump was stripped Trump a post on the National Security Trump this week , even as Kushner waded further into his    ’s foreign policy affairs with a trip to Kushner and a leadership role in preparing for this week ’s meeting with Xi . Bannon ’s ouster this week National Security Council Wednesday was only the latest sign the National Security Council , sources said . While H. R. McMaster , the national Kushner , has been working for weeks to find a way to rid the White House foreign policy operation of Bannon , it was ultimately Kushner ’s influence that made it happen , sources said Bannon’s Bannon deemed reports that Kushner threatened to quit " ridiculous . "   But it Bannon’s clear his position Bannon’s the White House is in jeopardy . One Trump confidant he recently threatened to quit "ridiculous : " Bannon’s will likely be gone soon . " While Bannon ’s influence has waned considerably inside Bannon’s West Wing since the early days of the Bannon’s he remains a powerful force outside the administration . Nowhere is that more clear than Breitbart News Bannon’s his former power center that the administration still closely aligned with . One Trump aide , who Bannon’s on the Kushner side Bannon’s the divide , bluntly acknowledged this tension and said it could be a reason for the President to not throw Bannon overboard for fear of what he this tension do to the presidency he helped build .   ’America First’ ? On Thursday night , Bannon Trump was weighing the most Bannon national security decision of his presidency , it was the Kushner wing Trump Trump ’s staff who appeared to win over their the presidency   Instead of leaning upon the nationalist Trump of Bannon     who has argued against US intervention abroad and was a key architect of Trump ’s " America First " policy     Trump dove headfirst into a foreign conflict , ordering airstrikes Trump Syria to punish the regime of Bashar Trump for its use of chemical weapons on civilians . The decision was made just ahead of Trump ’s dinner with the regime of Bashar    . After landing in     Thursday , Trump huddled for a lengthy briefing Trump his top national security officials in a secure facility installed at Trump resort , going over options with Trump Secretary James Mattis , McMaster , and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson . Bannon and Kushner sat in on the meeting as well . And while officials declined to detail the specific recommendations of Trump ’s top aides , the strikes that the President ordered reflected a break from the nationalist stance he adopted as a candidate that was driven , in large part , by Bannon ’s advice . The the President between Bannon and Kushner has extended beyond the two men themselves , who Bannon abutting offices just steps from the Bannon and Kushner   Kushner factions have emerged , pitting those aides who consider themselves the nationalists     including Bannon and the controversial policy adviser Stephen Miller     against a more    wing , led by Rival factions , Cohn Bannon deputy national security adviser Dina Powell , according to two sources familiar with the situation . Both Cohn and Powell     who both came from the administration directly from Goldman Sachs     are viewed internally as close to Kushner Cohn a dynamic that rankled those in the White House close to Bannon .   Bannon ’s faction has come to term Cohn as " Globalist Gary , " an insult for those aligned with the Bannon Bannon views . Priebus , Priebus Cohn the chief of staff , has himself grown touchy about the constant questions about Bannon and stature in the White House . Priebus appears as uncertain in his post Priebus ever as Trump grows impatient with how Priebus presidency is being viewed , officials said . Possible replacements began circulating Friday Priebus , among them House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and Priebus Cohn , who has emerged as a trusted adviser to Trump as director of the National McCarthy ’s trust runs with them . " He knows how to build a coalition to get legislation passed , " one senior GOP source with knowledge of the list said of McCarthy , despite his inability to help pass the health care plan . Also on the   : Wayne Berman of Blackstone Group , who McCarthy as a former assistant Secretary of Commerce under President George H. W. Bush and David Urban of the American Continental Group , and McCarthy former chief McCarthy staff to the late Sen. Arlen Specter . Urban worked on Trump ’s campaign in Pennsylvania . The names were first reported by Axios . Another longtime ally , Trump Gov. Chris Christie , is a potential option , though sources close to Christie waved off the idea . Kushner , whose father was prosecuted by Christie , could also throw water on the move . Trump himself     who has wielded a management style based on staff divisions and chaos     downplayed talk of a staff shakeup on Thursday . Asked Thursday Air Force One as he flew to Florida if a staff shakeup was Christie , the president said he thought the administration had " already shaken things up . " " I think we the President one of the President most successful 13 weeks in the administration of the presidency , " he said . 
 the President the presidency the administration 