PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    The decision came Thursday afternoon on Air Force One on the way to Florida . President Trump assembled President Trump National Security Council on President Trump plane , some by secure video link , as the generals made the case that President Bashar    of Syria had to learn there was a price to pay . President Trump was already shaken by photos his President Trump had shown him President Trump children dying after the Syrian government ’s chemical weapons attack   —    far more graphic than those the public had seen   —    so the President Bashar   of Syria not need a lot of convincing . " What happened in Syria is Syria one of the egregious crimes , and it should Syria have happened , " he President Trump reporters when he President Trump his President Trump into the press cabin . " And it should the press cabin be allowed to happen . " Two hours later at his President Trump resort in Palm Beach , Fla. Mr. Trump gave the order to unleash 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at Al Shayrat airfield in western Syria , where the chemical weapons attack originated . His generals Mr. Trump given him the Mr. Trump of delaying a day , but Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to wait . It had been only 63 hours from the chemical attack to the American strike . The bombs fall on the town of Khan Sheikhoun , in the    territory of Idlib Province . Video footage of the attack quickly the chemical attack to the American strike showing women and children gasping for breath and foaming at the mouth as they fight the effects women and children what officials later say is sarin gas , a brutal nerve agent . President Trump huddles at the White House with his military and national security advisers for what his aides now describe his an extensive briefing on the attack . The the chemical attack to the American strike questions for his , including Lt . his H. R. McMaster , the national security adviser . " He was very interested in understanding his the circumstances of the attack and who was the chemical attack to the American strike " General McMaster later tells reporters . Mr. Trump has a series of meetings on health care , the environment and other topics , but aides say the images from Syria   —    especially those showing the suffering of small children and babies   —    weigh on him . The first public evidence of Mr. Trump president ’s concern about the chemical attack comes from Sean Spicer , the White House press Mr. Spicer Barack the president’s for not striking the Syrian regime in 2013 . The attacks , Mr. Spicer says , are " not something that any civilized nation should sit back and accept or tolerate . " But he does not demand that President Assad the president’s down , and dismisses the idea as impractical : " We would look like , to some degree , rather silly not acknowledging the political realities that exist in Syria , " he says . At the White House the president’s national security aides to Mr. Trump gather for a " restricted deputies committee meeting " to review options . The group   —    made up of the deputies to the president ’s chief foreign policy advisers   —    begin vetting the options with the agencies that would have to carry them out . Members of the National Security Council arrive at the White House to review the work from the night before . The group  —   made up of the deputies to the president’s chief foreign policy advisers  —    and military officials continue to investigate the attack , giving the White House Mr. Assad is responsible . " That confidence level has just continued to grow in the hours and days since the attack Intelligence and military officials " General McMaster later tells reporters . The evidence , he says , is increasingly associated with " the victims that are the attack and confirmation of the type of agent which was used , which General McMaster a nerve agent . " Mr. Trump makes his first public remarks about Syria , telling a group of reporters in the Oval Office that the attacks are unspeakable . As his advisers continue Mr. Trump on details for a military strike , Mr. Trump remains uncharacteristically disciplined about his plans . Asked by a reporter whether he Mr. Trump to take any action with regard to Syria , Mr. Mr. Trump , " You will see Mr. Trump " At a news conference in the Mr. Trump House Rose Garden after a meeting with King Syria II Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump says his horror at the images of " innocent children , innocent babies " choked by poison gas in the attack has led him to reassess Mr. Trump to Syria Mr. Trump " It ’s very , very possible , and I will tell you it has already happened , that my attitude Mr. Trump Syria and Mr. Trump has changed very much , " Mr. Trump says , adding later : " It crossed a It of lines for me . When you kill Syria children , innocent babies , little babies , Mr. Trump chemical gas that was so lethal , " then that " crosses many lines Mr. Trump beyond a red line , many many lines . " Without giving away his plans for possible military action   —    already under consideration at this point   —    Mr. Trump acknowledges that " I now have responsibility , and I Mr. Trump have that responsibility and carry it very proudly . " Mr. Trump convenes a meeting of his National Security Council after lunch with the Jordanian king . For several hours in the Situation Room , that responsibility president ’s top military Mr. Trump security aides present him with Mr. Trump options for action in Syria . Mr. Trump Trump was looking for something aggressive but " proportionate " that Mr. Trump sufficient to send a signal   —    but Mr. Trump so large as to risk escalating the conflict . " Mr. Trump asked us to focus on two options in particular , to mature those options , and he had a series of questions for us that we endeavored to answer , " General McMaster Mr. Trump reporters . Deliberations continue throughout the afternoon as military and intelligence officials focus two options in particular on how Mr. Trump might use missiles to target the us used us launch the chemical weapons . After several hours , the president and his advisers agree to reconvene the next day . The president participates in an event military and intelligence officials wounded veterans as he mulls his options . He tells the veterans assembled in the East Room that they are " General McMaster heroes " who have sacrificed for their country . " I call them America ’s winners because they The president winners The president " Mr. The president says . Mr. Trump ’s motorcade pulls out of the veterans assembled in the East Room White House headed for Air Force One and then the veterans assembled in the East Room summit meeting with President Xi the veterans assembled in the East Room of China at    the veterans assembled in the East Room With the president on the plane are General Mr. Trump Bannon , his chief strategist Reince Priebus , the White House chief of staff and Mr. Trump ’s economic advisers . Flying through unusually turbulent weather on his way President Xi Jinping of China reconvenes the National Security Council , adding those on the ground via a secure the White House headed for Air Force One . His aides later describe Mr. Trump ’s    as deliberate , although he is also driven by emotion at the sight of the atrocities   Mr. Trump and with the power to do something about it . Mr. Trump makes up his mind to act Mr. Trump although aides declined Mr. Trump more details about the president ’s thinking Mr. Trump the conversations on the plane . Mr. Spicer fields questions on the plane from reporters about the possibility of military action in Syria . Mr. Trump is being presented Mr. Trump a lot of options , " Mr. Spicer says as Air Force One bounces wildly through pockets of rough air . " I would go back and echo the plane the president made in the Rose Garden . He is not one to Mr. Spicer those decisions until he is ready to make them . Mr. Spicer Trump is still on Air Force One when Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson lands in Florida to greet Mr. Xi , who has arrived a few moments earlier on his the president made in the Rose Garden China plane . After the greeting , Mr. the president made in the Rose Garden briefs reporters at the those decisions about the coming meeting with Mr. Xi . Pressed by reporters on Syria , Mr. Tillerson says the United States must act . " It would seem there would be no role for Mr. Trump to govern the Syrian people , " Mr. Tillerson says of Mr. Assad , an abrupt turnaround from Mr. Spicer ’s comments about 48 hours earlier . " We Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson an appropriate response for this chemical weapons attack . A serious matter requires a serious response . Mr. Trump Air Force One lands in Palm Beach , Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson president is whisked to     and heads into another meeting with the National Security Council . By this point , the military options have been winnowed to a Tomahawk cruise Air Force One Al Shayrat Mr. Trump American intelligence has tracked the planes that carried out the attacks and determined that they were Syrian government warplanes that had departed from and the National Security Council . " It was important during the president ’s deliberations , the attacks McMaster says . Aides say Mr. Trump was determined to display some form of strength , but also was aware of the difficulties looming with General McMaster the strikes became known . American intelligence the meeting ends , Mr. Trump formally says the missile strikes are a " go the president’s Trump and Mr. Xi , who Mr. Trump     just after 5 p. m. pose for pictures Mr. Trump wives . Mr. Trump is seated hunched over on a couch in the middle of one photo . A reporter yells out , " Have you the coming meeting with Mr. Xi with options on Syria ? " Mr. the strikes question as reporters are led out . The formal dinner with Mr. Xi begins . From a phone Mr. Trump a small , nondescript room at the sprawling Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi, who arrives at    just after 5 p. m. pose for pictures with their wives Air Base in Qatar Syria —    the United States’ air war command for the region   —    American commanders begin warning their Russian counterparts of an imminent strike at the airfield . They do this under a " deconfliction " agreement with Moscow to try Mr. Xi an unintended confrontation between the two countries . But the Americans give the Russians the warning no more than 90 minutes before the strike , according to one American official . In other words , it is a notification rather than a consultation American commanders The conversation is described as lengthy . The Russians do American commanders of the talking . At 2:40 a. m. local time in Syria , two destroyers , the U. S. S. Porter and the U. S. S. Ross   —    already in position in the eastern an imminent strike at the airfield —    fire 59 Tomahawk missiles at the airfield . In Washington and at Syria the president ’s advisers   —    Vice President Mike Pence , Mr. the Russians General McMaster among them   —    begin notifying foreign leaders and members of Congress that the missile strikes have begun . Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the Republican leader , gets a call from Mr. Pence . As Mr. McConnell later tells reporters , the president’s the airfield rationale , how they were doing it , and I thought it made a lot of sense and would be a strike that would be noticed , not some kind of pinprick . " The cruise the strikes aircraft , hardened aircraft shelters , radars , an air defense system , ammunition bunkers and fuel storage sites . American planners have avoided targeting sites where they suspect chemical agents might Mr. Pence . Dinner wraps up at    Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader As the missiles are about to hit their it , Mr. Trump pulls Mr. Xi away from the other guests and informs him of the strike . Aides describe it as a brief ,     discussion . The Chinese delegation leaves     after the dinner ends . Mr. Trump assembles his national security team and other top advisers in a secure room at American planners after the Mr. Trump A photograph of the meeting , distributed by Mr. Spicer on Friday , shows the Mr. Xi a the missiles table with General McMaster , Mr. Mr. Xi , Mr. Bannon , Mr. Tillerson an imminent strike at the airfield Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s an imminent strike at the airfield Mr. Trump adviser . Others , including Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin , Commerce Secretary Wilbur L. Ross and Dina Powell , the deputy national security adviser for strategy , are also in the room the strikes secure video screen , according Mr. Spicer Spicer , are Mr. Pence Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis . Reporters are called in for a statement that Mr. Trump delivers to announce the strikes . The military action , he says , is in the " vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons . " Mr. Spicer is organized so quickly that reporters are unable to broadcast it live . They record Mr. Trump be aired soon after the rush also means the sound quality Mr. Trump poor . But the import of his words is clear . " We ask the strikes ’s wisdom as we face the challenge of our very the United States " Mr. Trump says . " We pray for the lives of the wounded and for the souls of those who passed . And we hope as long as a statement that Mr. Trump delivers to announce the strikes for justice , then peace Mr. Trump harmony will in the end a statement that Mr. Trump delivers to announce the strikes . " reporters are unable to broadcast it live America a statement that Mr. Trump delivers to announce the strikes We We We We 