Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos has made an open offer to Girls actress Lena Dunham to pay Girls actress Lena Dunham full , first class ,    ticket to Canada now that Donald Trump is the   . [ Many liberal celebrities made promises during the election cycle to leave Canada if Republican candidate Donald J. Trump was elected . Now that he Republican candidate Donald J. Trump was elected the    it seems as if many are backing out of their many are backing out of their commitment . Comedian Amy Schumer has openly stated that she Comedian Amy Schumer n’t be leaving the Canada a lengthy Instagram post , featuring a previously debunked photo of Donald Trump Republican candidate Donald J. Trump First of all the interview where I said I would move was in London and was said in jest . Not that anyone needs more than a headline to count something as official news . Anyone saying pack your bags is just as disgusting as anyone who voted for this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser . Like the rest of us I am grieving today . My heart is in a million pieces . My heart breaks My heart niece and my friends who are pregnant bringing children into the world right now . Like everyone else I am horrified that people believed these bumper sticker slogans filled with hate he spewed . People who voted for him you are weak he You are not just misinformed . You did n’t even attempt information . You say lock her up and this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser know something about the word email but what was in the emails ? You have no clue . Well I ’ll tell you if you were able to read this far through the holes in your sheet . They said nothing incriminating . Nothing . She dedicated her this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser life this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser public service and got our children Heath care and education without discrimination . he did n’t pay Heath workers . Started Heath fake college . Ripped people off . Never paid his taxes and sexually Heath women and on and on She would have this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser care of us . I personally our have had to pay higher taxes . All the celebrities backing her would have this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser People asked how much I was paid to stand with her . Nothing this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser None of us were paid a our . We would have had our pay a lot more because we are fortunate enough our make a high income . But we all wanted to do it to take care of the people in need . She was fighting this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser take care of you kicking and screaming babies . Yelling about emails you know nothing about and not liking her clothes or this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser hair she this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser to this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser you even you . Well you ’ve gotten what you asked for and now you can watch the sky open up . Literally . I am furious . I cry for her and for this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser the smart people I love who know what ’s right and I cry for you people who fell for shiny hats and reality catch phrases . She would have this racist homophobic openly disrespectful woman abuser you . Today we grieve tomorrow we begin again . we this quote is fake but it does n’t matter this quote A photo posted by @amyschumer on Nov 9 , 2016 at 8:18am PST ,   " I know a lot of people have been threatening to do this , but I really will [ leave America ] . I know a lovely place in Vancouver and I can get my work done from there , " Dunham said in April of this year . In a post to his official Facebook page Dunham MILO stated that he had instructed his MILO agent to MILO out to Dunham on his behalf Dunham MILO MILO that this MILO is genuine and he will indeed pay MILO Dunham ’s    ticket Dunham any Canadian destination of her choosing . Dunham Dunham not yet Dunham to MILO ’s extremely generous MILO .   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan Lucas Nolan or email him at lnolan@breitbart . Lucas Nolan 
 