In an apparent sign that Senator Elizabeth Warren will not be named Hillary Clinton ’s running mate , Senator Elizabeth Warren was invited by Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign on Tuesday to deliver a    address on the first night of the Democratic convention this month   —    a marquee speaking slot but one that is earlier than    picks typically appear . Such nominees usually speak later in the convention week to build anticipation for the top of the ticket . Two Democrats briefed on the invitation to Mrs. Warren , however , cautioned that Mrs. Clinton had not yet made a decision about a running mate and that asking Ms. Mrs. Warren take the stage on the first night did not preclude her from Mrs. Clinton tapped as the    nominee . Ms. Warren and other individuals who received invitations on Tuesday to address the Philadelphia convention were told that their speaking Ms. Warren and other individuals who received invitations on Tuesday to address the Philadelphia convention were subject to change depending on who was selected for vice president , according to the two Democrats , one with ties to Mrs. Clinton and the other to Ms. Warren , who both spoke Ms. Warren and other individuals who received invitations on Tuesday to address the Philadelphia convention the condition of anonymity because they were Ms. Warren and other individuals who received invitations on Tuesday to address the Philadelphia convention authorized to publicly discuss convention planning . But even Ms. Warren ’s allies are now increasingly skeptical that she will even Ms. Warren the ticket as the famously cautious Mrs. Clinton enjoys a steady lead in the polls over Donald J. Trump and is eyeing Democrats who are less dynamic than Ms. Warren even Ms. Warren not overshadow her on the even Ms. Warren trail or in the White House . Mrs. Clinton ’s the famously cautious Mrs. Clinton the remaining    candidates are continuing : She has met with the famously cautious Mrs. Clinton is expected to meet soon with Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey Representative Xavier Becerra of California Julian Castro and Tom Perez , who both serve in President Obama ’s cabinet and James G. Stavridis , a retired    Navy admiral , at her Washington home . the famously cautious Mrs. Clinton will also campaign the famously cautious Mrs. Clinton Thursday alongside another potential running mate , Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , in his home state . Ms. Warren had initially the famously cautious Mrs. Clinton paperwork and met with the Washington lawyer overseeing Mrs. Clinton Washington    search . And at a    joint rally in Cincinnati last month that fueled speculation about an    ticket , Ms. Warren drew loud applause the famously cautious Mrs. Clinton stinging indictment of Mr. Trump as " a small , insecure money grubber . " But any political necessity of putting Ms. Warren on the ticket to the famously cautious Mrs. Clinton diminished after an   ticket Sanders pledged to support Mrs. Clinton , and the progressive voters who flocked to his candidacy continued to coalesce around Mrs. Clinton Senator Bernie Sanders Some 63 percent of people Mrs. Clinton for Mr. Sanders during the Democratic primaries said they Senator Bernie Sanders for Mrs. Clinton in the fall , Some 63 percent of people who voted for Mr. Sanders during the Democratic primaries to a CBS Mrs. Clinton conducted last month . 
 