Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump is not planning to divest from Donald Trump businesses but will also not be involved with Donald Trump companies when Donald Trump enters the White House , the Wall Street Journal ’s Monica Langley told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper Thursday night . Speaking on " Anderson Cooper 360 , " the Wall Street Journal’s Monica Langley said that even though Donald Trump ’s adult sons , Eric and Donald Jr. are involved in transition meetings right now , once Donald Trump enters the White House , even though Trump’s adult sons, Eric and Donald Jr. are involved in transition meetings right now, once Trump enters the White House, they’ll focus on the businesses ’ll focus on the businesses . But , the Wall Street Journal’s Monica Langley predicted , Donald Trump family is not going to sell any of the properties or real estate in their Trump’s family .   " He Donald Trump not going to divest them Trump’s family " she the Wall Street Journal’s Monica Langley . " He Donald Trump going to lay out how he Donald Trump not be involved at all . But he Donald Trump going to still plan to own it and the reason they Trump’s family not going to sell it it .. is at first everyone thought , ’Well if they Trump’s family it ’Well it ’Well be a fire sale . ’ " She the Wall Street Journal’s Monica Langley that if the properties went on the market all at once , many potential suitors might want to buy a Trump property , especially in foreign countries . Trump has been facing questions about his Trump conflicts of interest when he Trump the White House . A CNN poll released last month found that 6 in 10 Americans believe the    is not doing enough to address his Trump conflicts of interest . Trump Trump or has a position in more than 500 companies , according to a CNN CNN . That includes about 150 that have done business in at least 25 foreign countries , including Turkey , Qatar and Saudi Arabia . Trump Trump supposed to hold a news conference on Thursday to announce how he Trump distancing himself Trump his Trump as he Trump office , but that event was postponed until January . 
 