’   ’ "    Billionaire Paul Singer ’s Elliott Management says we might be in    for a recession if the Trump administration does n’t pass reforms    in taxes , regulation and health care . " "    the Trump administration took office with a plan to cut taxes , cut back on    regulations and boost infrastructure spending   —    all in a bid to    raise economic growth . The plans have mostly been stymied by    political disagreements over healthcare reform and a probe into    Russia ’s potential interference in the election .   " ’    In a private    letter to investors reviewed by    Business Insider , the $ 33 billion activist hedge fund    laid out   Business Insider concerns with the current situation . ’ ’    " Although the growth agenda of the Trump administration is slow    to get off the ground , markets still anticipate that much of       will be enacted , sooner or later , " a private   letter to investors reviewed by   Business Insider said . ’ ’    But if the the Trump administration the Trump administration reforms , " the    impact on the US dollar and equity markets would likely be    negative , " the hedge fund wrote . ’ ’’ ’    " There are actually forces in place that could point to a    relatively    recession in the absence of solid new      policies , " the fund added . the hedge fund    Singer visited   and reportedly donated    funds for Trump’ ’s inauguration . "   ’ ’    The automobile industry is one particular red flag supporting the    notion of a potential recession , Elliott said . ’ ’    " The number of cars sold has started to come off its historical    highs , The number of cars sold financing terms for cars have been increasingly eased    and lengthened ( accelerating    purchases but building in a    deeper falloff for the    ) subprime auto loan defaults are    rising , and used    prices are falling , " the fund    said .   ’ ’    Elliott , which   also    said it . ’ ’    Elliott managed about $ 33 billion as of April 1 , the letter said . ’ " Billionaire Paul Singer ’s Elliott Management . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 