Prominent UKIP MEP Steven Woolfe has condemned London mayor Sadiq Khan ’s assertion that migrants should not have to assimilate . [ Speaking to Breitbart London ’s     Raheem Kassam , Prominent UKIP MEP Steven Woolfe also warned the London mayor Sadiq Khan’s Breitbart London to insult supporters of ‘ Brexit’ and Donald Trump as populism stirs across the Western world .   The    MEP branded Mr Khan ’s message to a Chicago audience , that migrants should not be forced to assimilate , " shameful " on the Breitbart News Saturday show .   Responding to Mr Khan ’s Mr Khan’s Mr Woolfe said : " Nonsense . Ridiculous . Shameful . That ’s exactly the sort of thing his comments are . Mr Woolfe The UKIP MEP recalled his own mixed heritage The UKIP MEP the experiences of his family members who The UKIP MEP to the UK : " They did n’t stand his family members who migrated to the UK and say ‘ I ’m going to have my own culture , isolated from the British culture . They integrated , they his family members who migrated to the UK , they his family members who migrated to the UK on . his family members who migrated to the UK went to our his family members who migrated to the UK , they went to work his family members who migrated to the UK us . They support our in his family members who migrated to the UK of our and football , our major sports . our ’d get onside his family members who migrated to the UK get on and compete , with our flag . " our And that is the importance of assimilation and integration , because we all then shared the same flag , the same culture , the same belief that we have got a democratic country that looks after us . " Mr we went on to suggest that Mr Khan ’s remarks seem to condone , or encourage , the approach which has led to Muslim enclaves developing in London which are rife with corruption , and issues like female genital mutilation . " So saying that you should n’t integrate and that you should n’t assimilate   —    that sends out a powerful message to those who want to simply want to create their own little fiefdoms those who want to simply want to create their own little fiefdoms, their own tiny countries, their own segregation in a country their own tiny countries those who want to simply want to create their own little fiefdoms, their own tiny countries, their own segregation in a country their own segregation in those who want to simply want to create their own little fiefdoms, their own tiny countries, their own segregation in a country country and he should be really ashamed of himself for saying that he he said . Noting he the London mayor has spent London time touring Canada the London mayor America endorsing Hillary Clinton rather than making trade deals , Mr Kassam suggested Mr Khan " seems to have forgotten what his job is " Mr Khan The UKIP politician agreed , saying the Labour mayor has the London mayor his station " . He pointed the London mayor that Khan should The UKIP politician using his trip Mr Khan encourage investment , The UKIP politician and trade with London but instead is playing partisan politics . " This is a man that was elected as Mayor of London and his job is to London London a man that was elected as Mayor of London all its people in London . " London what ’s London doing ? Standing side by a man that was elected as Mayor of London with a contender from the Democrats who wishes to be the President of the United States , and telling an audience there that people should n’t have to integrate and assimilate . This is n’t the message he should be sending out , a man that was elected as Mayor of London Mr Woolfe said . Highlighting the fact populist parties are gaining in influence across the Western world , Mr Kassam observed that Mr Khan Mr Woolfe probably offending half Mr Woolfe " in expressing strident opposition to ‘ Brexit’ and Donald Trump . Mr Woolfe said the London mayor ’s behaviour Mr Woolfe if Mr Trump reaches the White House , with regards to the city ’s reputation . He brought up the possibility that American businesses might Mr Woolfe to take their business to " a different city that has American businesses sensible , and stayed out of making political statements during this time . " He concluded by praising " the very sensible principle Mr Woolfe in which British politicians usually " stand aside and not get involved in the day to day battles , or support people " during US elections . " [ Politicians ] have to look after the interests of [ their ] your own country and [ they ] Politicians] be pleasant and decent to everybody Politicians] because you never know who ’s going to win , " he commented . 
 Mr Woolfe 