On Thursday ,    Donald Trump took to Twitter to once again direct public anger towards a global automaker for investing in factories in Mexico rather than the U. S. and to threaten trade barriers . " Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja , Mexico , to build Corolla cars for U. S. , "   Donald Trump wrote . " NO WAY ! Build plant in U. S. or pay big border tax . " " Toyota has been part of the cultural fabric in the U. S. for nearly 60 years , " Toyota said in Toyota response posted to its website that Toyota corrected Trump on the location of the factory in question . While Toyota did not Toyota it would accede Toyota Trump ’s demand Trump also took Toyota to add that it " looks Toyota to collaborating with the Trump Administration to serve in the best interests of consumers and the automotive industry . " This marked Trump ’s third    Trump a car company this week , all of them focusing specifically on a car company or assembly plants . Why is he going after the Trump industry ? the automotive industry the car market are still a huge , important part of the American economy , his outsized focus probably Trump more to do with symbolism . The nostalgia Trump has successfully played Trump harkens back to the heyday of the manufacturing age , a time when American society was based around an industrial model that ’s called , after its creator , Fordism . What American society wants to be Trump as fighting for is not the policies that recently created a    75 months of job growth , but for the revival of the prospect of " a job at Ford ’s , " an old phrase used to refer to lifelong ,    employment and a visible path to the middle class back when the workers building Model C ’s made double what their counterparts at Dodge or Chevrolet the workers building Model C . Because Trump ’s moves are ( or seem ) more calibrated for political messaging than for policy effectiveness , one of the most striking things about his week of tweets criticizing international Trump’s for doing business internationally is how paltry the number of American jobs he ’s actually concerned himself with Trump’s , in the Trump’s of things . In total , it ’s in the neighborhood of Trump’s , 000 —   roughly the number of jobs the U. S. economy added in one third of one average day of August 2016 , a    month for the recovery . Plus , notably , he ’s singling out factory investments Trump’s Mexico while ignoring relevant examples in Canada , further evidence that his motive may be more scapegoating Trump’s it is actually helping people . his motive ’s extremely unlikely that Trump his motive ever warm up to globalization , which in turn makes it unlikely that he ’ll scale his motive his fiery Trump’s of firms — Trump’s automakers and others —   that import goods manufactured abroad into the U. S. What does Trump ’s focus on specific companies Trump   and often on relatively small decisions those companies make —   mean for American society , and specifically for American business ? Under Trump , American companies will ( Trump already do ) feel pulled two ways —   in one direction towards their interests in capturing the economic many companies of globalization and in the other direction toward appeasing a U. S. president whose outbursts and obloquies are unpredictable and bad for their business , and who has many companies personal stake in scoring political wins by keeping manufacturing domestic , efficiency be damned . From his behavior so far , it seems that Trump thinks a big part of his job will be to examine Trump adjudicate particular companies’ behavior and to decide what ’s allowed and what ’s fair on a situational basis , not just on a policy one . Without hyperventilating over the term , this means that in one small way he wants to operate like a Trump . This brings up an important difference between a king ’s court and an administration . An administration is made of public policies , and of the politics by which policies live or die . It ’s    making decisions about An administration government as it relates to society , not    other way around . When the personal traits and lives of administrators become the main story , for example when political scandal erupts , it usually means something has gone political scandal for them . A court , on the personal traits and lives of administrators other hand , deals in palace intrigue . The players in power , the courtiers , are themselves the story , and they The players in power, the courtiers the main story be . While The players in power, the courtiers certainly have an appetite for obsessing over the private lives of the powerful , the U. S. has traditionally been suspicious of the politics of personality when George Washington ’s critics wanted to insult him , they called him George IV George Washington’s as George Washington’s critics he George Washington’s merely succeeded the English monarch George Washington’s Trump , though , has not worked to avoid the impression that he is running a court or something George Washington’s looks very much like it —   with     and Trump Tower cast as Versailles , much of the news cycles in the transition period revolving around the changing fortunes of those in the inner circle as they relate to him as the center those in the inner circle power , George Washington’s upturned norms against placing family members in close , official orbit . Whatever else may be said about courtly politics , it is entertaining . Henry VIII put on a show so good it ’s still a major fascination centuries a show , a PR coup Survivor and The Bachelor and The Real World could only dream of . Like    contestants , businesses that want to compete and survive in an environment in which the president ’s pleasure or displeasure can affect the bottom line will want to perform and to make sure the showrunner stays    and rich . But while looking out for the fate of particular factories carries symbolic weight and may be good politics , Trump ’s capricious outbursts about certain manufacturing jobs in the automotive sector probably do n’t make sense in terms of actually producing good jobs . He ’s claimed credit for several victories Trump’s behalf of domestic manufacturing , including by Ford and GM . But what really influence an auto giant ’s decisions are usually larger , structural factors . Some may be bigger even than wage differences . For the increasingly global world car market , where the same models are sold across different continents , another key factor is free trade ( and     trade ) . One reason Mexico is a desirable place to manufacture the cars that have been the object of Trump ’s attacks —   the Chevrolet Cruze , the Ford Focus and    and the Toyota Corolla —   is that these are models that sell in car markets around the world . The Ford Focus is the    selling car Ford the U. K. for example , while the Mustang being built in Flat Rock , Michigan , by contrast , started being produced in    drive for the first time this year , more than six decades after its U. S. debut . Why does the Mustang make Mexico more desirable to automakers ? Because Mexico has free trade agreements with 45 Mexico , more than double the U. S. network of merely 20 . In what Trump claimed earlier in the week as a victory of his own    Twitter campaign against Ford Trump the company decided to shift plans from   Twitter    plant in Mexico to expanding facilities in Michigan . Mexico publicly , the company attributed the change primarily to shrinking   Twitter the kinds of cars the Mexican factory was made to build . Further evidence that Trump was n’t the deciding factor was that the   Twitter coincided with the news of ambitious projects in electric powertrains , including a hybrid engine for its    pickup —   the    vehicle in the world —   that will allow the truck to operate as a generator at work sites . These are the sorts of initiatives that require engineers to work on new technology , and so make more sense to locate near Ford ’s Dearborn , Michigan , base . And yet , even though Ford had perfectly compelling economic reasons for abandoning its Ford in Mexico , the company was careful Ford curry favor with the Ford its announcement . In other words , in the new Ford environment under Trump , to look out for themselves , companies will have an incentive to act in the new business environment under Trump of a politician by doing what makes him personally popular . There is a term for this a politician crony capitalism . This is sharply different from how businesses have always had to consider government policies in America , where they may have been able to win government approval and businesses —   say , for    projects from an administration with a    policy agenda . So the defining feature of the government ’s hand in the private sector is not simply that the decisions of government officials create winners and losers —   that is always the case . What ’s different is that businesses will have a motive not to displease the president himself , as opposed to the government more generally , and the government be weighing how strong that incentive is against other businesses . Case by case they may opt for    ( like Ford did ) or businesses may decide the benefits of Trump Ford favor are n’t businesses the costs Trump But the message is clear . If they want to thrive in the Trump years , businesses are businesses to have to consider how to stay in the leader ’s good graces . 
 