WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump said on Thursday Donald J. Trump had chosen James N. Mattis , a    retired general who led a Marine division to Baghdad during the 2003 invasion of Iraq , to serve as Donald J. Trump secretary of defense . Donald J. Trump made the announcement at a rally in Cincinnati , calling General Mattis " the closest thing we have to Gen. George Patton . " General Mattis , 66 , led the United States Central Command , which oversees military operations in the Middle East and Southwest Asia , from 2010 to 2013 . His tour there was cut short by the Obama administration , which believed he His too hawkish on Iran . But his His that Iran Iran the greatest threat to peace in the the Middle East as well as his acerbic criticism His the Obama administration ’s initial efforts to combat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , made him an attractive His for the incoming president . After retiring from the military , General Mattis told Congress that the administration ’s the Obama administration’s of disengagement in the Middle East " had contributed to the rise of extremism in the region . The United States , he told lawmakers in General Mattis , needs to " come out from our reactive crouch and The United States a firm , strategic stance in defense of our values . " But in some important policy areas , General Mattis differs from Mr. Trump , who has been filling the top ranks of his national security team General Mattis   . General Mattis believes , General Mattis , that Mr. Trump ’s conciliatory statements toward Russia are ill informed . General Mattis views with alarm General Mattis expansionist or bellicose policies in Syria , Ukraine and the Baltics . And he has told the    that General Mattis does not work . Despite his tough stance on Iran , General Mattis Mattis also thinks that tearing General Mattis Iran nuclear deal would hurt the United Iran , and he favors working closely with allies to General Mattis enforce its terms . After Mr. Trump met the United States General Mattis at Trump National Golf Club General Mattis Jersey on Nov. 19 , the    said on Twitter that he was " very impressive " and " the    true general ’s general . " On Thursday , Mr. Trump surprised the Cincinnati crowd with the Mr. Trump saying : " I gave up a little secret . " He added that he would formally announce General Mattis Mr. Trump appointment on Mr. Trump . General Mattis , whose radio call sign during the invasion of Iraq was Chaos   —    reflecting the havoc he sought to rain on adversaries   —    Mr. Trump been involved in some of the United States’    operations . As a    general , he led the first Marine force into Afghanistan a Mr. Trump after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks and established Forward Operating Base Rhino near Kandahar . At times , General Mattis ’s salty language has gotten him into trouble . " You go into Afghanistan General Mattis’s you got guys that slap women around Afghanistan five years because they did n’t wear a veil , " he women in 2005 . " So it ’s General Mattis’s hell of a lot of fun to shoot them . " But the retired general , a a lot of fun bachelor who has said that he does not own a television and has often been referred to as a " warrior monk , " is also famous for his extensive collection of books on military history . he Thanks to my reading , I have never been caught    by any situation , " he wrote a colleague in 2003 . " It he n’t give me all the answers , but it lights what is often a dark path ahead It " General Mattis would be the first former ranking general to assume the post of defense secretary since George Marshall in   . He would need a special congressional waiver to serve General Mattis defense secretary . He retired from the Marines in 2013 , and General Mattis law stipulates that the Pentagon chief be out of uniform for seven years . But he has strong support in Congress , especially from General Mattis McCain , the Arizona Republican who is chairman Mr. McCain urged Mr. Trump to consider appointing General Mattis or Gen. Jack Keane , a retired Army vice chief of staff , as defense secretary . But General Keane has decided against returning to government in a    capacity . Mr. McCain said in a statement that General Mattis was " without a doubt one of the finest military officers of his generation Mr. McCain extraordinary leader who inspires a rare and special admiration of his troops . " He added , " America will Mr. McCain fortunate to have General Mattis in its service once again . " But Mr. McCain Kirsten E. Gillibrand Mr. McCain Democrat of New York and also a member of General Mattis Services Committee America said that while she respected General Mattis ’s service , she would oppose a waiver to allow him to serve . " Civilian control of our military is a fundamental principle of American democracy , she she said in a statement Mr. McCain The selection of General Mattis is a boost for the Marines . If confirmed by the Senate , he she be working with Joseph F. Dunford , the    Marine general who is chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . It would General Mattis create an unusual situation at the Pentagon because the new defense secretary would be General Dunford ’s former commanding officer . During the Iraq invasion , General Dunford was a colonel who led a Marine regiment that reported to General Dunford the First Marine Division during the 2003 invasion to topple Saddam Hussein . He later commanded American troops during the    battle to retake Falluja from Sunni General Mattis 2004 . As head of the the Iraq invasion General Mattis was heavily involved in plans to General Mattis Iran ’s military and protect the sea lanes in the Persian Gulf . William Kristol , editor of the conservative magazine The Weekly Standard General Mattis staunch opponent of Mr. Trump ’s , sought to persuade General Mattis to mount an independent presidential bid . And he was courted by both the campaigns of Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton to speak at the political conventions , but declined . In General Mattis book , " Warriors and Citizens , " which General Mattis Mattis edited with Kori Schake , a Hoover Institution fellow who served in the George W. Bush administration , he complained that politicians had relied too much on military commanders to make the case General Mattis policies . " President Bush left to Gen. David Petraeus the task of overcoming congressional opposition to the 2006 General Mattis surge , " General Mattis and Ms. Schake wrote . " President Obama has been politicians silent on the George W. Bush Afghanistan since 2009 the case for continuing American troop presence has been made entirely by the military . " Military commanders , they wrote , have a responsibility to carry out and advocate the president ’s policies . " This does not remove elected officials from the responsibility to win political arguments instead of depending on the military to Military commanders so , " they added . 
 President Obama the military elected officials 