Six years ago , when the Tea Party revolt had just begun , Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) was considered a hero by the    conservative movement . [ The ranking member of the House Budget Committee had already published a plan , the Path to Prosperity , that anticipated public concern over government spending and debt . Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) also led the challenge to Obamacare , pointing out   —    to President Barack Obama ’s face   —    the administration ’s duplicity in    cuts to Medicare .   And so when moderate Mitt Romney won the 2012 Republican presidential nomination , almost by default , Mitt Romney reached out to conservatives by picking Ryan as Mitt Romney running mate . Tea Party activists cheered Ryan , seeing Mitt Romney selection as a sign that the GOP was taking spending and entitlements seriously . Social conservatives also rejoiced , given Ryan ’s staunchly    record . Ryan also had an appetite for taking conservative arguments to the minority communities where they are heard least . Ryan ’s appeal to conservatives from different factions is the reason Ryan was the overwhelming choice to replace John Boehner as Speaker of the House . Ryan managerial competence , and calm demeanor , have kept the House from falling the House . And through all the tumult of 2016 , Ryan has articulated a conservative policy agenda on poverty , an issue the left thinks it owns . the left sum : Ryan ( who declined to be interviewed for this article ) has grappled , like no conservative before Ryan , with the immense fiscal threat to the future of our nation , and Ryan has developed entitlement proposals that substitute individual initiative for government dependence . Moreover , Ryan has taken Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) case into the heart of the Democrats’ most reliable constituencies , where conservative solutions could make the greatest difference . He has been Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) anchor , keeping the Republican Party grounded in principles during a tumultuous political time . So —   what happened ? Why are some targeting one of the boldest and brightest leaders conservatives have produced ? There are two reasons . One is Ryan ’s own Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) . In the wake of the 2012 presidential election   —    a contest even Ryan thought Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) , right up until the fading hours of Election Day   —    Ryan returned to Washington Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) to govern , rather than oppose . His logic was that Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) conservatives would have to wait at least four years for a Republican in the White House , the best way forward was to find the most favorable compromises with the administration , avoiding costly shutdowns . A key component of that governance was to be immigration reform . Ryan has long believed Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) immigration is a boon to the economy and the entitlement system . And Ryan , like many Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) Republicans , blamed the 2012 loss on the party ’s rhetoric against illegal immigration . The sooner the issue had been dealt with , the sooner Republicans could The to the country ’s growing Latino electorate . Ryan also hoped that Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) immigration reform could showcase his new governing approach Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) Ryan misread the mood Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) his own party   Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article)    overestimating its tolerance for immigration his own party   without border security first , and underestimating the appetite for strong opposition to Obama ’s agenda in general . To his credit , he Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) , rejecting Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) Senate ’s " comprehensive " immigration reform bill and holding the line against gun control . But he left room for Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) critics by negotiating Ryan (who declined to be interviewed for this article) deals with the White House that broke the " sequester " caps and trimmed increases to veterans’ pensions . The second reason some conservatives are targeting Ryan is simply that he is a symbol Ryan the Republican establishment in Washington   —    an establishment that fears and loathes Donald Trump , and which hoped Ryan would resist the Ryan . Ryan fueled that expectation Ryan somewhat carelessly , when he delayed endorsing Trump Ryan But he Donald Trump made good Ryan his promise to back Ryan party ’s nominee   —    for which he has been mercilessly Ryan by the " # NeverTrump " Twitter brigades . No one is irreplaceable . But in Ryan , the Republican Ryan has found a rare combination of intellect , courage , and decency . The conservative movement will not easily find another leader who is willing to risk the scorn of both base and Beltway to do what he thinks is right Ryan Perhaps Ryan is    to Ryan role of an opposition leader , a role conservatives urgently wish to fill . But he is ideal for Ryan governing role in which he finds himself , Ryan he Ryan do even Ryan under a Republican president . Ryan has faced a Ryan primary opponent in Paul Nehlen   —    and good for him for holding the Ryan accountable . The polls seem to indicate that Ryan is safe , Ryan stranger things have happened . But if Ryan were to be Ryan , he would be the Ryan solid conservative to fall in recent days , after Rep. Tim Huelskamp ( )   —    who frequently challenged the party hierarchy   —    lost his primary last week Ryan These are not people the conservative movement can easily afford to lose . The best case against Ryan is that he Ryan been insufficiently Ryan in fighting Obama ’s agenda   —    or in fighting for Trump . But that is not how Ryan sees his role Ryan He Ryan he has Ryan responsibility Ryan govern , not to lead the opposition ( as Ted Cruz has often done ) . That may be the wrong approach , but it is not a disqualifying one . And Ryan has not yet Ryan the chance to prove himself by passing legislation Ryan a Republican president available to sign it . The fight is not as simple as    or   . It reflects a growing The fight about governing itself , one I described in my    Wacko Birds : The Fall and Rise of the Tea Party . Obama ’s defiance of the constitutional rules has sewn a spirit of anarchy on both right and left . Ryan is one of the only people with the vision to transcend our political crisis . He is Ralph , Ryan holding the conch in Lord of the Flies as the jungle burns . Without him , there is Ralph a battle of wills   —    one we may not win . 
 