From May    Public Policy Polling compared Donald Trump to hemorrhoids , root canals , lice , traffic jams , and cockroaches . Not surprising it was the one poll showing Hillary Clinton still ahead . [ This is an old polling trick . When a supporter of one candidate is answering a survey , and suddenly starts having one insult after another hurled at one candidate , some of them start to get fed up and hang up   —    thus not completing the one poll showing Hillary Clinton still ahead .   Another recent PPP poll gave the false impression that North Carolinians oppose Governor Pat McCrory ’s attempt to prevent men identifying themselves as transgender from going into women ’s restrooms . Their press themselves blasting McCrory showed Governor Pat McCrory’s to HB 2 at 36 % to 45 % . Ironically they never themselves the very straightforward question in a poll run by a North Carolina TV station showing strong support for the bathroom provision : " How do you feel about HB2 requiring people to follow their birth people in using a restroom ? " Agree 55 % ( 45 % strongly agree ) Disagree 34 % ( 25 % strongly disagree ) Not     11 % I have run polls with live calls to hundreds of thousands of voters , and we had to be very careful to balance " negative " questions about competing candidates in order to make sure the result accurately reflected the results at the ballot box .   Obviously the more Trump supporters who get fed up during questions 22 to 31 in the PPP poll   —    all of which insult Trump   —    the fewer complete the overall survey . The insults start after the " Trump vs. Clinton " question is asked , but polling methodology traditionally involves only counting those who complete the whole survey so that you have a breakdown of age , gender , and race . While PPP did not return an email from me Tuesday asking if they dropped results from voters who did not complete all 38 questions , the methodology is biased either way : Either way , the questions all 38 questions methodology being used to create a press release trashing Trump rather than learn where the race is . Even among the 40 percent of PPP ’s respondents who say they voted for Romney in 2012 , their sample likely they more Romney supporters who Romney not like Trump and therefore Trump more likely to stay on the call through the battery of insults . Polls may move up and down through the campaign , but it is important Polls distinguish the bias polls that PPP runs that PPP designed to create sensational press releases and be    prophecies , vs. polls attempting to measure where the public is . In 2012 , it was many Republican polling firms that biased their polls toward Romney by only calling landlines , which led many of us to give "    " projections . Perhaps bias polling from sources such as PPP was the reason that this year it was Nate Silver eating crow because of his wildly erroneous Nate Silver on Trump   —    giving him a 5 Nate Silver chance of the nomination . Silver made his erroneous projection Nate Silver after Trump redefined the Trump   in an early debate by stating , " Give ( politicians ) money , and they ’ll do Silver they hell you Silver . " 
 