  ( CNN ) Nothing says Donald Trump has the judgment and temperament to be President of the United States like tweeting at 7:14 on Sunday morning that Donald Trump thinks " Saturday Night Live " should be canceled . But there was Donald Trump , just 24 days before the election , composing yet another unhinged tweet as most Americans were still sleeping : " Watched ’Saturday Night Live’ hit job on me . Time to retire the boring and unfunny show . Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks . Media rigging election ! "   Apparently Donald Trump was upset with the way SNL depicted Donald Trump in a sketch based on the second presidential debate . While a sketch based on the second presidential debate mocked Hillary Clinton on numerous occasions for being too calculated and insincere , apparently that was not good enough for Donald Trump .   Perhaps Donald Trump was angered that one of the best moments of the a sketch based on the second presidential debate when SNL highlighted Donald Trump hypocrisy concerning the recent sexual assault claims .   Alec Baldwin , as Trump Donald Trump demanded that the victims of Bill Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton misconduct " need to be respected and their voices need to Alec Baldwin, as Trump heard . " But when Trump Donald Trump asked about the women accusing him Donald Trump sexual misconduct , he Donald Trump back : " They need to shut the women accusing him of sexual misconduct hell up . " All kidding aside , Trump ’s tweet that " SNL " needs to be canceled because the show did a " hit job " on him Donald Trump concern every American . We have a rich tradition of comedy shows skewering our politicians . I We n’t recall any President or presidential nominee responding to a TV show mocking him Donald Trump her by saying it presidential nominee time to take that show off the airwaves . Although I have performed    in the Middle East , where leaders have shared a similar sentiment . In fact , Egypt ’s Jon Stewart , Bassem Youssef , was arrested for mocking the then leader of Egypt and his TV Egypt was Bassem Youssef canceled . But is that really a model we want to emulate in the United States ? Now , this is not the first time Trump has lashed out at comedians for jokes about him . When Seth Trump skewered Trump at the 2011 Trump House Correspondent ’s Dinner , Trump called Meyers " Trump stutterer Seth Meyers "   But that was tame compared to the way he responded to Jon Seth Meyers and Bill Maher . In the case of Stewart , who for Jon Stewart called out Trump for his outlandish Trump comments Seth Meyers Trump tweeted that Stewart was Trump highly overrated Jon Stewart and a " total phony . " And Trump ’s social media activity Trump on    when he mocked Stewart by bizarrely tweeting Trump his Jon Stewart last name , " Trump . "   And in the case of Maher , Trump actually sued the comedian for Trump 5 million . It was in response to a 2013 joke on " The Tonight Show , " when Maher said he would donate $ Maher million Maher charity if Trump could prove he was n’t Trump " the Maher of his mother having sex with an Maher . " This joke was in response to a 2013 joke on "The Tonight Show offer of the same Trump President Barack Obama would release his college transcripts . Trump later withdraw the President Barack Obama , but Trump message was clear : Mock me , and I might sue you .   Couple all this with Trump ’s calls during this campaign to Trump libel laws to make it easier for him to sue media outlets who the libel laws criticize Trump , and this is no laughing matter Trump   Would a President Trump use the apparatus of the federal government     such as the Federal Communications Commission     to intimidate comedians and dissuade them from mocking him ?   Yes , I comedians we Trump a First Amendment , but alarmingly I bet there are Trump supporters who would go along with anything Trump a President Trump for , even if it was flat a President Trump unconstitutional .   ( Trump has bragged as much , claiming he could a President Trump someone on Fifth Avenue and his a President Trump would stand with him . )   a President Trump even if Trump never a President Trump that far , his attacks on a President Trump SNL " could have a a President Trump effect . Comedians , fearing both his social media presence and the wrath of the a President Trump of his Twitter followers , could remain silent on all a President Trump matters .   I pray " SNL " will not let Trump ’s tweet deter "SNL" in its comedic mission a President Trump In fact , a President Trump hope a President Trump between now and Election Day , " SNL , "    hosts and comedians nationwide will transform Trump into the punchline he was before he ran a President Trump president . We a President Trump Trump to a President Trump America laugh again .    
 a President Trump 