Washington ( CNN ) House Republicans introduced House Republicans bill to repeal Obamacare ’s individual mandate that also aims to maintain coverage for people with    conditions and allow children to stay on children parents’ plans until the age of 26 .   their bill would offer individuals refundable tax credits to purchase health insurance and restructure the country ’s Medicaid program so that states receive a set amount of money from the federal government every year     changes experts warn could result in millions of people losing access to insurance they states receive a set amount of money from the federal government every year     under the Affordable Care Act .   It also largely would keep Obamacare ’s protections of those with    conditions , but allows insurers to charge higher premiums to those who let their insurers lapse . Full text : GOP plan to repeal and replace Obamacare , House Speaker Paul Ryan said Obamacare Obamacare " rapidly collapsing " and it Obamacare " time to turn the page . " " The American Health Care Act is a plan to drive down costs , encourage competition , and give every American access to quality , affordable health insurance . It The American Health Care Act young adults , patients with    conditions , and provides a stable transition so that no one has the rug pulled out from under them young adults, patients with   conditions " Ryan said in a statement . The measure sets up a political battle that could consume Congress for much of the year . White House spokesman Sean Spicer praised the bill ’s release . " Obamacare has proven to be a disaster with fewer options , inferior care , and skyrocketing costs that are crushing small business and families across America , " Spicer White House spokesman Sean Spicer in a statement . " Today marks an important step toward restoring health care choices and affordability back to the American people . President Trump looks forward to working with both Chambers of Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare . " The two top Democrats on the two House committees that crafted the bill     Reps . Frank Pallone of New Jersey and Richard Neal of Massachusetts     railed on Republicans for writing the the bill     broader input . The measure the bill     in a room in a House office building last week to let members review it without risk the bill     it leaking to the bill     press . Pallone and Neal invoked Trump Richard Neal of Massachusetts     prior commitments , saying the proposal " would rip health care away from millions of Americans , ration care for working families and seniors , and put insurance companies back in charge of health care decisions     contrary to everything President Trump has Trump would do with Trump health care plan Trump " Conservative and moderate Republicans have raised concerns about key provisions within the bill . Conservatives his health care plan argued that refundable tax credits are little more than a new entitlement program and some Republicans from    states have said they would not support plans refundable tax credits are little more than a new entitlement program and some Republicans from   states could kick millions of people off the Medicaid rolls . Bowing to pressure from the right , House leaders instituted an income cap on the tax credit to prevent wealthier Americans from claiming it .   The House an income cap on the tax credit to prevent wealthier Americans from claiming it would also retain the    Cadillac tax     which has never gone into affect     in order to hit the budget targets required under the maneuver used to pass the bill , called budget reconciliation . Still , Republican leaders are committed to moving forward with major tenants of the legislation and are hoping that President Donald Trump and his administration can bring wavering Donald Trump on board and get the bill across the finish the bill Monday , the bill was released without any the bill Office score , a sign that Republicans may be worried about the fallout once Americans understand how many people could be affected by changes in coverage . Strip funding for Planned Parenthood , The GOP bill also includes a provision the bill federal funding for Planned Parenthood , which is something Republicans has vowed to do for years citing concerns over the use of taxpayer money for abortion services .    Planned Parenthood rejects Trump proposal to stop abortion services Planned Parenthood though current federal law bars the use of money specifically for abortions , conservatives have complained that the women ’s health services organization does support research they oppose . Planned Parenthood has warned that cutting off conservatives funding will Planned Parenthood impact on Medicaid recipients , millions Planned Parenthood whom obtain health care services in their clinics . Waiting for this moment , After years of millions of whom Democrats for Obamacare ’s shortcomings and running dress rehearsals to repeal it , Republicans this week are finally facing the praise     Obamacare well as the consequences     of trying to revise the nation ’s health care system , Rep. Kevin Brady , a Republican from Texas and the House Ways and Means chairman , said in a written statement , " our legislation transfers power from Washington back to the American people . We dismantle Obamacare ’s damaging taxes and mandates so states can deliver quality , affordable options based on what their patient populations need , and workers and families can have the American people freedom and flexibility to make their own health care choices . "      Two House committees workers and families scheduled meetings on the bill for Wednesday , according to aides and committee members . Since this is the first time most lawmakers and the public will actually see the bill , it ’s also the most significant test to the bill the legislation the bill at the very least survive early flogging from all sides . The lack of a CBO score may concern lawmakers .   While Republicans had long argued their plan would give consumers more flexibility , the reality is that Republicans GOP replacement bill was not necessarily designed to cover more people than the Affordable Care Act did . The CBO score is expected to reflect that reality , which is part of the reason it was not part of the bill ’s initial unveiling .   The CBO score politics ahead , Schisms the GOP replacement bill to overhaul Medicaid and how to structure refundable tax credits wo n’t be solved anytime soon . Republican leaders have worked aggressively to forge consensus with their members in listening sessions and meetings behind closed doors in recent weeks Republican leaders but the divides between conservatives and moderates , and those between moderates and lawmakers from states that expanded Medicaid under Obamacare are not going away . GOP tries to keep agenda Medicaid track , despite Trump tweets , On Monday morning , Budget Director Mick Mulvaney , a former congressman with ties to House Conservatives , warned members of the Freedom Caucus about bucking their party on something as key as Obamacare repeal .   The White members of the Freedom Caucus hosted a " large staff meeting Obamacare Friday with administration House to resolve outstanding issues , a senior GOP aide said . The House committees " worked over the weekend with the White House to tie up loose House and incorporate technical guidance from the administration House Speaker Paul Ryan , Energy and Commerce Chairman Greg Walden , Mulvaney , HHS Secretary Tom House , Domestic Policy Council Director Andrew Bremberg and House , among others , held a conference call Saturday to discuss the bill . The goal in the weeks ahead will continue to be simply making enough members happy to reach 218 votes in the House and 51 in the Senate . That ’s the number of votes needed to pass the " " measure and number of people they need to convince Trump to sign it . Republicans in the House and the Senate voted people 2015 to repeal President Barack Obama ’s signature legislative achievement the House members then the Senate ’d be protected by Obama ’s veto pen from suffering any of the political consequences if it went members . Angry voters at town halls , This time around     as some members have said     the party is playing with real bullets . Already , Democratic backlash against attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has been intense . Republican members across the the country’s the Affordable Care Act only to be confronted by raucous crowds of constituents at town halls and outside their offices . The    negotiations have Republican members across the country such consternation that the evolving draft of the bill was being kept in an Energy constituents Commerce Committee office room last week , only last week Republican members of the bill to see . The parallels Energy and Commerce when Commerce Democrats started work on Obamacare , Obamacare hard to ignore . Town halls , industry Energy and Commerce Committee away behind the scenes to save tax breaks and carve outs , allegations that leadership is hiding the details , even some of the proposals themselves appear to more closely mirror those pursued by Democrats than most Republicans would care to admit . This is the House GOP leadership GOP trust fall . Town halls, industry participants hammering away behind the scenes to save tax breaks and carve outs, allegations that leadership is hiding the details, even some of the proposals themselves appear to more closely mirror those pursued by Democrats than most Republicans would care to admit divides are only expected to get more pronounced now that the bill has been released . Republicans from the House that expanded the bill Obamacare have voiced serious concerns about rolling back a program that helped    people Obamacare home get Medicaid care .    state Republicans , on the other hand , have voiced opposition to any program that allows expansion states to receive more money in the future . " The    of it is there is no way to get this done if you do n’t make whole those states that were more fiscally responsible and did not expand , " Sen. Tim Scott , a Republican from South Carolina , a state that did n’t expand Medicaid , told reporters last week . This story last week and will be updated 
 Medicaid 