Cruz surrogate Glenn Beck is once again encouraging Americans to join Cruz surrogate Glenn Beck in a fast in the    to a crucial primary vote and to spread the word with the hashtag # Tuesdayfast . [ In a Sunday night Facebook post , Cruz surrogate Glenn Beck wrote : " I would like to ask that you , your family and friends join me for a day of prayers , fasting and humility . To beg the Lord to not remove the Lord hand from us . To turn to the Lord and ask that the Lord will heal us land . Beginning Monday night and running for 24 hours ending on Tuesday will you pray and if possible fast like you have never done before ? "   Beck noted that , " I have asked for this in the past and was mocked . It is okay . " Beck is a fervent supporter of GOP candidate Ted Cruz and has been campaigning with the Texas senator for months across the country , including in Indiana on Sunday and Monday in advance of the primary there , which many regard as a     moment for GOP candidate Ted Cruz . Following GOP candidate Ted Cruz ’s defeat in the South Carolina primary , Beck invited America " to join me and my family Monday in a fast for GOP candidate Ted Cruz , our country and the Nevada caucus . " Cruz GOP candidate Ted Cruz the the Nevada caucus days later . It ’s been a difficult past week for Beck Beck following news of another round of mass layoffs at his Beck media empire . On Friday , after giving an impassioned " farewell address " of sorts to his Beck    employees from his Beck Oval Office , the former radio shock jock joined his Beck in donning swim goggles and rubbing his Beck in a bowl of crushed Cheetos to see if they could " look like Donald Trump . " Read Beck ’s complete Facebook post below : It was on April 30th 1789 when George Washington raised his right hand and placed his left on his Bible which had been opened randomly to Genesis 49 due to running behind . He then walked his few blocks to attend a service as passed in a congressional resolution two days prior : Resolved , That after the oath shall have been administered to the President , he , attended the President the Vice President and members of the Senate and House of Representatives , shall proceed to St. Paul ’s Chapel , to hear divine service . This chapel is St. Paul’s Chapel as " the little church that stood " . It still stands as St. Paul’s Chapel oldest Church in NYC across the street from the World Trade Center . It is here that St. Paul’s Chapel spent four hours in prayer and made a covenant with God . " He will be our God and we shall be His our . " God believe this covenant is still a covenant with God . It has protected us and a covenant with God land for our great while . We are shunning God , our now openly God Him . We have chased God from our public spaces God conversations our His laws are not recognized God in most of our courtrooms , schools , our nor our homes and not only our we as a people not our the basic ten laws of God , we break them God individuals our as a people nation on a regular basis . We have become lovers of our , lovers of money , boastful , arrogant , revilers , disobedient to parents , ungrateful , unholy , unloving , irreconcilable , malicious gossips , without    brutal , and haters of good . We wonder why our nation our in trouble . It has nothing to do our nation DC as they are nearly a reflection of us . Have you ever seen an election like this before ? I am in a courtyard inn in Ft Wayne Indiana after speaking to maybe 6 thousand people today . I will be away from my family and my business until Wednesday night . Because I believe that this may be our last chance . The us Court judges that will be appointed are enough to seal our fate alone . But us I believe this is an individual choice . There is no collective salvation and He is asking each of us to choose . We us agree , America is at a cross us . If we choose a King , he will give us one a King He always we . But a King we are the only nation we ancient Israel to have actually made a covenant with Him , it must be a King , a covenant with Him believe by all of us . I we mock we theory , but in a way that will prove my point . We have become such an unholy people we he wants to see each of us , each state to choose   we    who will you serve ? Principles , truth , kindness , and decency or those who deal in greed , hate , anger and fear . Tuesday Indiana is making its choice . All will be counted Tuesday Indiana It strikes me as an important " Tuesday Indiana " that the election will be held just a few days after the anniversary of the original covenant . I have asked for this in the past and was mocked . It is okay . I would like to ask that you , your family and friends join me for a day of prayers , fasting and humility . To beg the Lord to not remove His hand from us . To turn the Lord Him and ask that He will heal the Lord land . Beginning the Lord night and us for 24 hours ending on Tuesday will you pray and if possible fast like you have never done before ? " Cry out to Him " . Join me and my the Lord in praying and fasting for our nation and our God to look down and forgive our of our misguided ways . " our us our to return to you and our the bravery to do the hard thing   —    to Trust in You and to do our part by you firm in the our truths that Got us here in the first place . our Let us renew our covenant with Him and our George our did and us Lord seek his face , guidance and protection . us Lord help spread the word . ‪#‎Tuesdayfast , Follow Rebecca Mansour on Twitter @RAMansour 
 