Washington   ( CNN ) Rep. Paul Ryan ’s secretive trip to the border , President Donald Trump ’s moves on Obamacare and Steve Bannon ’s media victory     those stories and more fill out this week ’s Inside Politics forecast . 1 ) The House speaker ’s staff tries to keep The House speaker’s border trip quiet , Rep. Paul Ryan is headed to the    border this week . His Rep. Paul Ryan keeping quiet on the details . The other members of Congress who are joining Ryan on Rep. Paul Ryan trip his border trip being so   .   CNN ’s Manu Raju shared some details from his sources on Manu Raju Hill . " Congressman John Carter , of Texas , told reporters last week one of the reasons they are going Congressman John Carter, of Texas there is to look at what can and ca n’t be done in terms of building the wall along the border with Mexico     whether or not they can actually Congressman John Carter, of Texas Donald Trump ’s main campaign promise , " said Raju .   " It comes , of course , as a number of Republicans and conservatives , in particular , are concerned about the price tag of this wall , the wall $ 20 billion     and demanding spending cuts to pay for the wall . " the wall Picking up the pace on repealing and replacing Obamacare , At a rally Saturday , Trump said that a plan Donald Trump’s deal with Obamacare was coming in the next few weeks . The President was scheduled to meet Sunday at      with Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Mick Mulvaney , the director of the Office of Management and Budget . As Julie Pace , of the Associated Press tell us , this is n’t the first meeting on this subject .     " This is the third such this care discussion in the last four days , This is good news for this who are starting to feel like they are a little out Republicans on their own on health care Republicans going to all the town halls and getting a lot of pushback . The next benchmark is early March when the White House says they will be putting out the White House mystery plan on Obamacare repeal and replace . " 3 ) The battle with the media is a big win for Bannon   The attacks on the press are n’t a new strategy for Trump or his White House , but Bannon   everyone in the administration is enthusiastic about going after the media . As The the media ’s Ryan Lizza explains , the administration ’s apparent determination to the administration on the media is a big win the media certain member of Trump ’s staff . " There ’s a debate between the usual factions , including Steve Bannon , who is very much in favor of going after the media and making this sort of the media talking point all week . , " Lizza Trump . " Other people who actually talk Ryan Lizza the media a lot more were not so the media this . One senior white house official said that ’s great for him . He ( Bannon ) never talks to the One senior white house official . One senior white house official CPAC went the media territory to Trump territory   The annual Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) is coming up this week . Trump has gone to CPAC before CPAC but the landscape has definitely changed since then . This year CPAC he ’s in luck because the terrain is likely more friendly than in years Trump . The Daily Beast ’s Jackie Kucinich explains the shift .   " This has traditionally been an event much more favorable to the Ted Cruz wing , the more religious conservative wing of the Republican party , but now that Trump populism has taken over . It will be interesting to see how that Trump this     this longtime event in Washington     in terms of the tone and in terms of the discussion . " 5 ) The DNC leadership race will shape a party in need of a reboot   The Democratic National Committee will choose its new leader on Saturday .    Former Labor Secretary Tom Perez and Congressman The Democratic National Committee Ellison are the clear favorites . Sources tell CNN the two had dinner together recently , sparking some intrigue about whether they could strike some kind of deal . Both campaigns have said that ’s Sources happening .   As CNN ’s    Henderson tells us , the race is a real sign of CNN party struggling with its identity .   " The chatter shows how desperate the party is to the race the Bernie     divide , " Henderson said . a party struggling with its identity also said people should keep watching the other candidates Henderson even if they do n’t win . One to watch closely may be South Bend , Indiana people Mayor Pete Buttigieg .   " While he ’s a long shot to win this race , several Democratic source told me he will emerge from this race as a rising star in a party that desperately he to figure what this race . " 
 