Sen. Marco Rubio is scrambling to project strength in the Republican presidential primary , doing interviews on Fox News and the Today show and jetting off to South Carolina after coming in fifth in New Hampshire . [ " We ’re going to be the nominee , " Sen. Marco Rubio said confidently on the Today Show . " It is just going to take a little longer , but We are going to get there . "   With 92 percent of the vote tallied in New Hampshire , Rubio is 1 , 484 votes behind his Rubio mentor Jeb Bush , who earned fourth place . On Fox and Friends , Rubio Rubio the media for creating the narrative that something bad had happened to his Fox , and for discouraging voters . Well , what happened is obviously Saturday night , the debate went the way it the debate and then the media coverage over the last 72 hours was very negative about it the debate so forth . So the last thing that voters heard before going into the booth or yesterday was , you know , something bad happened on Saturday night . So it made it very difficult for us to get any other message across . Rubio spun his Rubio as only a difference of a " couple thousand votes " which is why his Rubio was so disappointed . " So that ’s on me Rubio " he Rubio , referring to his Rubio performance . " That ai n’t ever going to happen again . " Rubio Rubio he Rubio on his Rubio to South Carolina , where he Rubio to get his his campaign on track . " We ’re going to win this campaign his campaign ’re going We win this primary , " he Rubio . " It ’s important for the country and I ’m fired up about that . " He Rubio the criticism that he Rubio too scripted or did n’t have enough depth , calling it " absurd . " " I answered every single one of those questions with as much or more depth than anyone else in the race , " he Rubio . Referring to Donald Trump , Marco Rubio that he had Rubio tapped into the anger in New Hampshire about diminishing jobs and manufacturing in the state . " Donald Trump is not Donald Trump be the Republican nominee    …      ultimately to be president you ca n’t just go around telling people what ’s wrong , you have to tell people how you ’re going to fix it . " 
 