Washington   ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s son has a new reason to explain why ’s son father wo n’t release his father tax returns : They ’ll steal from his father political message .   " Because his father ’s got a    tax return that would create . .. financial auditors out of every person in the country asking questions that would detract from ( his father ’s ) main message , " Donald Trump , Jr. told the Pittsburgh    in a piece published Wednesday . That ’s a dramatic shift from the Republican nominee ’s longtime explanation that an ongoing audit is preventing him his father releasing his his father returns . ( There are no laws barring Trump from disclosing his Trump he is being Trump ) . The comment reflects the political potency of Trump ’s tax Trump There are growing questions about what ’s in the documents , including details of investments in foreign countries . House Speaker Paul Ryan Ryan presidential candidates should release their tax returns . " I released mine , " Ryan said . " I think we should presidential candidates our returns . I ’ll leave it to him when to do it . " Former Rep. Jack we a Georgia Republican , sought to Ryan Trump Jr. ’s comments it the campaign Kingston interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room , " Kingston said releasing the tax returns could influence the IRS audit process . " If you put it on the table , you ’re going to have 300 million Americans    what is this , what is that ? " Kingston said . the IRS audit process That actually , I think , would influence the IRS because they would say , ’Oh , wait , somebody out in Kingston said this . Somebody in Chicago said that . Somebody in IRS said this.’ IRS they ’re off chasing things . " Rep. Steve King , an Iowa Republican , told CNN ’s Chris Cuomo on Wednesday that putting out the returns would lead to misinterpretations . " With a $ 10 billion business , if Donald Trump dumped his taxes out today , there would be all kinds of misinterpretations of that and maybe some real interpretations of that between now and November . That Donald Trump be the only discussion we ’d have , " King , a Trump supporter , said on " New Day . " " So I ’d say the window is closed on that but I wish he had done Donald Trump last March or April . " Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has released nearly four decades of tax returns . 
 Donald Trump 