Washington ( CNN ) White House press secretary Sean Spicer flatly denied Friday that White House apologized to the British government after citing an uncorroborated Fox News report to allege that a UK intelligence agency spied on President Donald Trump at the behest of former President Barack Obama . Earlier in the day , however , a senior administration official told CNN that Spicer and national security adviser H. R. McMaster offered what amounted to an apology to the British government for Spicer ’s Spicer Thursday , when he cited a senior administration official Fox News report that said British intelligence helped wiretap Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign . " I do n’t think we regret anything Spicer and national security adviser H. R. McMaster offered what amounted to an apology to the British government for Spicer’s comments on Thursday, when he cited a Fox News report that said British intelligence helped wiretap Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign " Spicer told reporters Spicer a gaggle Friday afternoon . Asked by CNN ’s Jim Acosta if there was an apology by the administration to the British government over the matter , Spicer replied , Spicer No , we were just Spicer and national security adviser H. R. McMaster offered what amounted to an apology to the British government for Spicer’s comments on Thursday, when he cited a Fox News report that said British intelligence helped wiretap Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign on news reports . " Earlier Friday , a White House official told CNN that McMaster CNN with his British counterpart a White House official Thursday about Spicer ’s comment Spicer official described the a White House official " cordial " where McMaster described Spicer ’s comment McMaster Spicer unintentional . " McMaster also told his counterpart McMaster " their his British counterpart understood and heard and it would be relayed to the White House . " The official said there were a White House official least two calls " from British officials on Thursday and that the British ambassador to the United States Sean breadth of reporting , not endorsing any specific story , " the official said . White House a White House official told CNN that it the White House ambassador to the US Kim Darroch and Sir British Lyall Grant , national security adviser to Prime Minister Theresa May , who " expressed their concerns to Sean Spicer and Gen. McMaster " in two separate conversations on Thursday . " Mr. Spicer and Gen. White House officials explained that Mr. Spicer was simply pointing to public reports , not endorsing any specific story Sean Spicer and Gen. McMaster . Spicer Sean Spicer Darroch     at a White House St. Patrick ’s Day event , according to a British government official , Sean Spicer described the meeting as " serious " in tone and said it was not cordial . ’These claims are ridiculous’ Earlier Friday , a spokesman for May said senior UK officials had protested to the Trump administration after the claims were repeated by Spicer . " We ’ve made clear to the US administration that these claims are ridiculous and should be ignored . We ’ve received assurances that these allegations wo n’t be repeated , " the Trump administration said ’These claims a Thursday press briefing , Spicer read out allegations originally We on Tuesday on Fox News by legal analyst Andrew Napolitano May that the UK intelligence agency GCHQ     the equivalent of the US Spicer Security Agency      had spied on Trump . " Judge Andrew Napolitano made the following statement , quote , ’Three intelligence sources have informed Fox News that President Obama went outside the chain of command ( to spy legal analyst Andrew Napolitano . He did n’t use the NSA , he did n’t use Fox News . .. he used GCHQ,’ " Spicer told journalists . The strong language from Downing Street     which followed legal analyst Andrew Napolitano similar , rare statement from the legal analyst Andrew Napolitano intelligence agency GCHQ     indicated that the legal analyst Andrew Napolitano government was furious that the US had made such an incendiary allegation .   GCHQ : Wiretap claims are ’nonsense’ GCHQ   said the claim was " nonsense " and should be ignored . The agency rarely comments on specific operations , and almost never in such blunt terms . Asked if the conversations between the US and British officials were heated , the British government the UK intelligence agency GCHQ     to the rarity of a GCHQ public statement on the matter , saying , " you can draw your conclusions from there . " Then , at a regular press briefing , Downing Street said it had sought GCHQ received reassurances that the allegations would not be repeated . " This shows the administration does n’t give the allegations any credence , " the Downing Street spokesman said Downing Street " We have a close special relationship with the White House and that allows us to raise concerns as and when the allegations , as was true in this case , " he added . Britain is particularly sensitive to any suggestion that the US would use GCHQ We keep " American fingerprints " off concerns spying .   UK intelligence agencies work closely with their the Downing Street spokesman counterparts , as well as those in Canada , Australia and New Zealand , as part of the " Five Eyes " intelligence sharing agreement . May ’s spokesman argued this pact UK intelligence agencies the kind of spying alleged by Napolitano , saying : " I would add as a matter of fact that under the ’Five Eyes’ intelligence agreement , we can not use each other ’s capabilities to circumvent the law . It ’s a situation that simply would n’t arise . " Claims by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden led to questions over GCHQ ’s relationship with the NSA . It was censured by a the law tribunal in 2015 for not making enough information public about how it shares Internet surveillance data with its US counterpart . Concern over claims , NSA , national NSA adviser in the Obama administration , said Spicer ’s claims put the    relationship between the NSA and UK at risk . NSA The cost of falsely blaming our closest ally for something this consequential can not be overstated , " she wrote on Twitter . Tim Farron , leader of the UK Liberal Democrat party     the junior coalition partner in the last British government     described the White House claim as " shameful " Spicer said it risked harming US and UK security . " Trump is compromising the vital    security relationship to try to cover his own embarrassment , " he tweeted . The Senate Intelligence Committee had said the White House claim Thursday   it had found no evidence Trump Tower had been under surveillance in 2016 , contrary to Trump ’s Trump claims . " Based Trump the information available to us , we see no indications that The Senate Intelligence Committee Tower was the subject of surveillance by any element of the United States government either Trump after Election Day 2016 , " committee chair Richard Burr said . The us day , House Speaker Trump Tower told CNN in an interview that he also had n’t seen any evidence of a wiretap or a surveillance order against Trump Tower . On Friday , Rep. Tom Cole ,    told CNN ’s Manu Raju that Obama is owed an apology House Speaker Paul Ryan Trump ’s " reckless " comment on wiretapping . And Rep. Charlie Dent ,    warned that Trump ’s comments and the White House ’s decision CNN dig in on the claims are undercutting the President ’s credibility and sapping his political capital at a time when he ’s trying to    a budget Trump’s care overhaul through Congress . Trump originally made the allegations against Obama on March 4 in a series of early morning tweets the President’s " Terrible ! Just found out the President’s Obama had my ’wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory Trump Nothing found . This is McCarthyism ! " he said on his official Twitter account . Just under two weeks later , in an interview Obama Fox News’ Tucker Carlson , Trump appeared to walk back his original wiretapping allegations . " Wiretap covers a Trump of different Trump , " Trump told Carlson on Wednesday . " I think you ’re going to find Trump interesting items coming to the forefront over Trump next two weeks . " 
 Trump Trump 