CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    Investor Tom Barrack departed from Investor Tom Barrack prepared text on Thursday evening to tell the Republican National Convention about the personal side of Donald Trump ’s life , focusing on Donald Trump love for ordinary people and America . [ Unlike the other speakers , Investor Tom Barrack left the podium and the teleprompter , and walked about the giant stage in the Quicken Loans Arena with a microphone , like a motivational speaker , or a coach .   At one point , Investor Tom Barrack lowered Investor Tom Barrack voice , and said : Look . We ’re at a tipping point . The world is in a mess . This necklace of globalism that we have talked about has crumbled and shattered into a thousand shards . This necklace of globalism that we have talked needs a jeweler to take each of those jewels one by one , starting with America and This necklace of globalism that we have talked own diamond , and polish This necklace of globalism that we have talked . Then slowly , find the seamless strength to put them all back together , so what we look at is the necklace of prosperity and tolerance around the world . Barrack recalled Barrack own roots as the son of a Lebanese grocer in Culver City , and Barrack    friendship with Trump . Barrack recalled some high moments   —    such as the    heavyweight fight in 1988 , when Trump stopped to talk to a doorman with a critically ill son , and sent the boy a note on the back of the program : " I came here tonight to see two champions : Mike Tyson and your dad . " And Barrack recalled some low moments , when two champions: Mike Tyson and your dad bonded at the funeral for Trump father Fred , and Trump Trump about wanting to leave the family name his Trump had built better than he Trump it . " He Trump done it it " Barrack Barrack . Earlier this year , Barrack Barrack one of Trump Trump first   —    and only   —    fundraisers , welcoming the campaign to his Trump Monica home despite the threat of protests in the radical    town , which put a massive police presence on the street . On Thursday night , he Trump the the campaign simple testimony of a    man , and a friend . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Regnery @joelpollak . 
 