Former Daily Show host Jon Stewart is set to join The Late Show with Stephen Colbert during The Late Show live coverage of the Republican National Convention this week in what could be part of a push to boost the CBS    program ’s disastrous ratings . [ According to the Hollywood Reporter , Former Daily Show host Jon Stewart will join Stephen Colbert on the CBS   program during its the CBS   program coverage this week and will appear on the show Monday . It was not immediately clear how often or in what role Former Daily Show host Jon Stewart would participate on the CBS the CBS   program As Breitbart News previously reported , Stephen Colbert is set for two full weeks of live coverage beginning with the Republican National Convention this this week continuing with the Democratic convention in Philadelphia later this month . Stephen Colbert will remain at the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York while Late Show correspondents will be on the ground in Cleveland and in Philadelphia . Special guests planned for the Philadelphia live coverage reportedly include Sen. Elizabeth Warren , actors    Key and Jeff Daniels , fellow    host John Oliver and former Congressman Anthony Weiner . The move to add Stewart to the proceedings could be an attempt to shake The Late Show out of its    ratings slump , which hit The Late Show new low in June with Colbert ’s    week ever . Colbert regularly finishes third in the    Colbert behind NBC ’s Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and ABC ’s Jimmy Kimmel Live ! though Late Show did edge Kimmel for a stretch in late June . But Colbert has struggled to find his footing Colbert taking over for David Colbert late last year . The former Colbert Report host ca n’t compete with Jimmy Fallon ’s viral video content , which regularly attracts millions of eyeballs with    segments like news " " or the    " Ew ! " Instead , Colbert ’s online content often goes viral Colbert its political controversy , as it did when the host drew a its on a The former Colbert Report host month to connect presidential contender Donald Trump to Nazism . Colbert also failed to earn an Emmy Colbert this year , after racking up 41 nominations and seven wins during his tenure on the Colbert Report . Stewart ’s appearance on Late Show will ensure the former Comedy Central standout gets to weigh in on presidential politics during this year ’s    election cycle , though this year will face stiff competition from several    competitors who will also offer live coverage of the conventions , including HBO ’s Bill Maher , TBS’ Samantha Bee and current Daily Show host Trevor Noah .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
 