’   ’ "    CNN ’s Dana Bash pushed Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel on Sunday to    answer whether Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel wanted Hillary Clinton to run for    president in 2020 , a query Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel repeatedly attempted to dodge . " ’    In an interview on " State of the Union , " the CNN    host repeatedly pressed the former adviser to President Bill    Hillary Clinton whether another Hillary Clinton bid would benefit the Democratic    party , citing Hillary Clinton recent forceful   of President Donald Trump’ ’s administration . ’ ’    " If Hillary Clinton is up for another presidential run , would    that be a good thing for your the Democratic   party " Bash asked . ’ ’    " Well look , you’’re asking something that we’’re not even through    the    election , " Emanuel said . " She Hillary Clinton even declared . " ’ ’    " I know , but I asked the question , " Bash replied . " Do you think    she should    " ’ ’    He added Emanuel " I love you . It’ ’s not a good question . " ’ ’    Emanuel emphasized Emanuel there was plenty of time until the next    election in which it would    obvious whether she would    a    good candidate . ’ ’    " I happen to love Hillary , and I think she’ ’s full of energy , "    Emanuel Emanuel Emanuel I happen to think there’ ’s a lot of time between    now and the presidential election . She has to Hillary whether    that’ ’s in her heart . Hillary ’ ’    " Hillary has a Hillary of offer . The core question is not whether I    think she would be Hillary good candidate . It’ ’s whether she wants to Hillary run .    at the end of the day , the public is pretty    smart . And if it’ ’s only It’ through the motions , they’’ll pick    that up . " ’ ’    The longtime Democrat and chief of staff under President Barack    Obama has a long , somewhat mixed history with the Clintons . ’ "    As first lady , Hillary Clinton sought to sideline Emanuel . In the    2016 Democratic primary , she garnered his Hillary Clinton early Emanuel , but    distanced herself from him Hillary Clinton Sen. Emanuel Sanders   to make the Illinois primary a referendum on    Emanuel ’s criminal justice record and handling of a controversial    shooting of a     by the police . " "    Though Clinton has   a third presidential bid , that has n’t stopped     and some   from stoking the idea that    she may run Clinton . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tRahm Emanuel : " We have a lot of time between now and the presidential election of 2020 . Hillary has a Clinton to offer "   ’ " CNN ’s Dana Bash pushed Chicago Mayor Rahm . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 