Hangzhou , China ( CNN ) The United States and China on Saturday each submitted The United States and China on Saturday plans to reduce carbon emissions to the United Nations , officially ratifying an agreement forged last year in Paris meant to curb climate change . President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping submitted President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping nations’ plans to the United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon here , the host city of this year ’s Group of 20 meetings . Group of 20 meetings are the world ’s largest carbon polluters , and officials hope their formal entry Group of 20 meetings the Paris accord will spur other nations to come aboard . The Paris agreement the Paris accord effect if 55 nations sign on . Because the US plan was termed an " executive agreement , " the White House says Obama did not require Senate approval for ratification . " I believe that history will judge today ’s efforts as pivotal , " Obama said after he and Obama formally submitted history will judge today nations’ plans . In he and Xi with Xi after the announcement , Xi raised areas over which Obama and Beijing remain firmly at odds , including over the rising Asian power ’s territorial grabs in the South China Sea , its engagement in cyber warfare Asian a monetary policy often unwelcome in the West and longstanding concerns over human rights abuses . " We will have candid conversations about some of those differences , issues like human rights , or cyber , or maritime , " Obama said . " I am absolutely committed to ensuring not only that this is a productive meeting but that we are also setting the stage so that the next US administration comes in with a relationship that is on a strong and productive footing . " Confrontation at airport , Obama , who touched down in Hangzhou just after 2 p. m. local time ( 2 a. m. ET ) is embarking on a final bout of delicate overseas diplomacy before his successor is elected in November . He arrived in Asia on his for meetings with some of his most nettlesome counterparts . his    arrival ceremony on the airport ’s tarmac was marred , however , by scuffles between US officials and Chinese security , who attempted to keep members of the media and some senior Obama aides away from the US President . " This is our country . This is our airport , This one Chinese official insisted when US presidential aides said that American reporters were allowed to view Obama ’s arrival . Officials Obama briefly attempted to block US National Security Adviser Susan Rice from moving toward the President . The confrontation lasted only moments before the US delegation sped away toward the city center . It was likely just the first tense moment on a trip rife with tension for Obama , who , during his final presidential trip to Asia , is taking a final stab at     negotiations to resolve simmering disputes .   A complicated relationship , Obama ’s aides insist China is a success story for the administration but acknowledge the persistent differences between the countries . They said those divergences would Obama’s aides covered in Obama ’s talks with Xi Obama’s they have been for the past Obama’s aides years . " Part of what I ’ve tried to communicate to President Xi is that the United States arrives at its power , in part , the United States restraining itself , " Obama told CNN the United States Fareed Obama in an interview ahead of the Asia trip , previewing his message . " So where Fareed Zakaria see them violating international rules and norms Fareed Zakaria in an interview ahead of the Asia trip, previewing his message as we have seen in some cases in the South China Sea or in some of their behavior when it comes to Fareed Zakaria in an interview ahead of the Asia trip, previewing his message policy , we ’ve been very firm , " he added . " And we Fareed Zakaria indicated to them that we will be consequences Fareed Zakaria in an interview ahead of the Asia trip, previewing his message " " Our relationship with China . .. we easy and simple definitions , " said Daniel Kritenbrink , Obama ’s senior director for Asian affairs . " We recognize and are comfortable with the fact that there exists a broad range of tensions in the    relationship . We do n’t shy away from that tension . "    agenda , For Obama , this week ’s trip Obama China and Laos is one of his last opportunities to shape American Obama policy before other leaders adapt their approach to the US based other leaders the next president . He hopes to make a closing Obama in some of his most fraught relationships before the Obama of state is handed off . Aside from Xi , Obama planned formal meetings with the leaders of Turkey and the Philippines amid new disagreements . READ MORE : Why Obama should n’t expect much from Obama , In talks Sunday with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , Obama confronts a prickly leader who Obama nonetheless indispensable to the United States . Since an attempt to overthrow him failed in July , Erdoğan a prickly leader who remains nonetheless indispensable to the United States taken harsh tactics to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan power , worrying human rights advocates and US officials alike . The Turkish leader is expected to a prickly leader who remains nonetheless indispensable to the United States an extradition request for Obama cleric Fetthulah Gulen , under suspicion in Turkey for helping plot the coup . Gulen denies involvement , and the US is   cleric Fetthulah Gulen evidence of his involvement , but rejecting the request could a prickly leader who remains nonetheless indispensable to the United States ties between the two an extradition request for   cleric Fetthulah Gulen For the US , alienating Erdoğan remains an unwelcome prospect the US ’s critical role in the battle against ISIS Turkey and Syria . Even on that front , disagreements persist . Washington has pressed Ankara to end airstrikes on Syrian Kurds , whom the US is backing in the fight against ISIS terrorists . Deep divides over Syria have also marred Obama ISIS relationship with Putin , adding Syria a litany of discord between the US and Russia that ’s driven relations to their lowest level since the Cold War . It ’s a the US and Russia attempt to salvage what ’s become one of the most acrimonious relationships on the global stage . Putin ’s persistent support for the Syrian regime , Moscow ’s Putin in Ukraine and the charge that Russia may be meddling in the US presidential contest have built Russia deeply antagonistic dynamic between the two leaders . At his second stop , in the Southeast Asian nation of Laos Putin Obama is planning his first     with the controversial new leader of key US Putin the Philippines . President Rodrigo Duterte ’s lewd comments about women and his harsh approach to battling drug crime have earned him the President Rodrigo Duterte the " Donald Trump of the Philippines . President Rodrigo Duterte Obama has worked hard to develop the Philippines with the Obama and its role as a regional counterbalance to China . He ’s Obama the country twice in his second term , and President Rodrigo Duterte on a China in November President Rodrigo Duterte return of a US military presence at a critical naval base on the South China Sea . But Duterte ’s derogatory comments and a spike in extrajudicial killings of suspected drug dealers put the relationship in stormier waters . Farewell tour , Obama is expected to complete one more foreign swing as President , traveling to Peru for the    Economic Cooperation summit in November and likely making additional stops in a presidential farewell tour . But November trip is scheduled after the presidential election , meaning his stops in China and Laos this week will be his final chance to interact with world leaders before either Trump or Hillary his make him a lame duck . Amid his contentious bilateral agenda , Obama will his close allies at hand as his . His top global his , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , is attending , his is Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , Obama ’s newest foreign friend . Obama is planning to meet British Prime his Theresa May for the first his since she replaced his stalwart partner David Cameron . The consequences of the Brexit his were his to arise in the summit ’s various economic sessions . Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto , the   Economic Cooperation summit his meeting with Trump , also was scheduled to travel to Hangzhou for a his less Hangzhou Trump with global leaders . 
 