Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Texas Senator Ted Cruz battled over Texas Senator Ted Cruz eligibility to be president during Thursday ’s GOP primetime debate on the Fox Business Network .   Cruz Texas Senator Ted Cruz stated , in response to a question on his Texas Senator Ted Cruz , " I ’m glad we ’re focusing on the important topics of the evening . " He Texas Senator Ted Cruz , " back in September , my Donald that he had had Donald lawyers look Donald this from every which way , and there was no issue there . There was nothing to this birther issue no issue since September September the Constitution has n’t changed , but the poll numbers have . And I recognize that Donald is dismayed that his poll numbers Donald falling in Iowa . But the facts and the law here are really quite clear . Under    US law , the child of a US citizen born abroad is a    citizen . If a soldier has a child abroad , that child is a    the child of a US citizen born abroad That ’s why [ Sen. ] John McCain ( ) even though he was born in Panama , John McCain eligible to run for president . If an American missionary has a child abroad , that child is a    citizen the child of a US citizen born abroad ’s why George Romney , Mitt ’s dad , was eligible to run for president , even though he was born in Mexico . At Mitt of the day , the legal issue is quite straightforward , but I would note that the birther theories , that Donald has been relying on , some of the more extreme ones insist , that you must not only be born on US soil , but have two parents born on US soil . Under that theory , not only would I be disqualified , [ Sen. ] Marco Rubio ( ) would be disqualified , Bobby Jindal would be disqualified , and interestingly enough , Donald J. Trump would be disqualified , because , Donald ’s mother was born in Scotland Donald Trump protested , " but I was born Donald J. Trump . " Cruz continued , " I ’m not going to use your mother ’s birth against you . " Donald’s mother that this " would n’t work Donald J. Trump " Trump then countered that Cruz was misrepresenting his Donald J. Trump numbers . He further Cruz , Donald J. Trump This is n’t Donald J. Trump saying it . I do n’t care . i think this "wouldn’t work ’m going to win fair and square . i ’m n’t have to win this way .    …      Laurence Tribe and numerous   —    from Harvard , of Harvard , said that there is a serious question Harvard to whether or not Ted can do this , okay ? There are other attorneys that feel   —    and very , very fine constitutional attorneys , that feel that because he was not born on the land , he Ted not run for office . Here ’s Ted problem . We ’re running , We ’re running . he does great . i We . i choose Ted as my    candidate , and the Democrats Ted , because we ca n’t take him along for the ride the Democrats I do n’t Ted that , okay ? the fact is   —    and if , for some reason he beats the rest of the field , he Ted the rest of the field   … Ted I already know the democrats are going to be bringing a suit the Democrats have a big lawsuit over your head while you ’re running , and if you become the nominee , who the hell knows if you can even serve in office . So , you should go out , get a declaratory judgment . Let the courts decide . " When asked why he was raising the issue now , Trump said Ted " Because now he ’s doing a little bit better . No Ted I did n’t care before . It ’s true . No , it ’s true . Hey look , he never had It chance . Now he ’s Ted better . He ’s got probably Ted 4 or 5 % Ted . " Trump continued , " The fact is , there ’s Trump overhang . there ’s a big question mark on your head , and you ca n’t do that to the party . You really ca n’t . you ca n’t do that to the party . you have to have certainty . even the party was a 1 % chance , and it ’s far greater than 1 % because he was n’t it   —    I mean , you have great constitutional lawyers that say you ca n’t run . If there was a   —    and you know , i ’m not bringing a suit , i promise , but the democrats are going to bring a lawsuit , and you ca n’t   —    you have to have certainty . you ca n’t have a question . i can agree with you or not . but you ca n’t have a question over your head . " Cruz responded , " Well , listen , I ’ve spent my entire life defending the Constitution before the US Supreme Court , and I ’ll tell you , I ’m not going to be taking legal advice from Donald Trump . " Trump then stated , " you do n’t have to . Donald Trump it from laurence tribe . Take it from your professor . Take it Tribe own professor it " Cruz added there was it zero " your professor on Cruz matter succeeding , before stating that Tribe is " a    judicial activist Harvard law professor , who was Al Gore ’s lawyer in Bush versus Gore . He ’s major Hillary Clinton supporter . And there ’s a reason Al Gore’s Hillary Al Gore’s supporters are echoing Donald ’s attacks on me . Because Hillary wants Hillary Clinton Donald Trump in the general election . " Trump then cut Hillary Clinton that Tribe was n’t the only person lawyer who back his Donald Trump up . Cruz then said that since Trump " kindly " offered him Donald Trump VP slot , he would be happy to Donald Trump as VP , so Donald Trump Trump ’s attacks are Donald Trump , he ’ll end up Donald Trump Trump responded that if his Donald Trump does n’t work he thinks Donald Trump ’ll go back to construction , Donald Trump that he thinks Donald Trump will be the nominee Donald Trump Cruz Donald Trump that he ’d love to have Trump build Donald Trump wall Donald Trump Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 Donald Trump Cruz 