  ( CNN ) When Ryan Ferguson and Ryan Ferguson dad travel this week to Glendale , Arizona , for the Super Bowl , it will be a    experience . And yet for When Ryan Ferguson and his dad travel this week to Glendale, Arizona, for the Super Bowl it will be so much more . For Ryan Ferguson , a Missouri native , it ’ll be a chance to thank Ryan Ferguson father , Bill     the man who never stopped fighting for Ryan Ferguson while Ryan Ferguson spent 10 years behind bars for a crime Ryan Ferguson did n’t commit . " Being able to do this with my father after all my father ’s done for me , sacrificing 10 years of my father life to prove my innocence     that ’s when it became real , " said Ryan Ferguson .   The    pilgrimage came about last month when a ticket distributor who had heard about my father story offered Ryan Ferguson an     trip to Sunday ’s game . The     who now lives in Florida , was released from prison in 2013 .   Innocent and serving time , Ryan Ferguson ’s    nightmare began on November 1 , 2001 . Ryan Ferguson and Ryan Ferguson friend Charles Erickson , both then 17 , were drinking illegally at a college bar in Columbia , Missouri . About five blocks away , Columbia Tribune Sports Editor Kent Heitholt turned off Columbia Tribune Sports Editor Kent Heitholt computer after a long night and left the newsroom shortly after 2 a. m. according to court documents . In the newspaper ’s parking lot , someone struck Columbia Tribune Sports Editor Kent Heitholt from behind and strangled Columbia Tribune Sports Editor Kent Heitholt with Columbia Tribune Sports Editor Kent Heitholt own belt .   Police interviewed a janitor , Jerry Trump , who said Columbia Tribune Sports Editor Kent Heitholt could n’t identify the people involved in the slaying . But two years later , Erickson told police Erickson had " " memories of committing the crime , according to court documents . Erickson told police that Erickson remembered driving Erickson home before going home Erickson . But after Erickson implicated Erickson and Trump changed Erickson account , Erickson was charged with murder and convicted in 2004 .   When Ryan ’s father , Erickson , awoke the day after his Ryan ’s arrest , he his son devastated .   " ’Oh my God , I got to get to work,’ " his his son , now 70 , recalls thinking . " It ’s like watching one of your children drowning . I had to do something . " " I started reading the police reports over and over , " said the real estate agent . " I made a timeline and flow chart of all the depositions . I started questioning people on my own , and I dug up a lot of witnesses . " Each week , Ferguson his son father visited his Ferguson’s father in the    prison where he Ferguson’s father held . They would share updates , compare notes and work on the case together . Ferguson his son a quarter of his his son sentence while his his son and friends campaigned to free him his son After two key witnesses admitted that they two key witnesses lied , a court of appeals overturned his conviction in November 2013 and Ferguson his son free .   Erickson his son serving a    sentence in a Missouri prison . No one else has ever been charged in the case . Life after prison , " Can you imagine wiping out everything you did in your 20s ? " Ferguson his son . " That ’s what it ( spending 10 years in prison ) is like . " After he was freed , Ferguson his son not feel safe in his he . The the case gotten a lot of attention locally , and a lot of people knew who he his son . Ferguson his son he his son the legal system which had put him his son an innocent man , in prison . " I love Columbia , Missouri , " he his son CNN . " If it was n’t for the authorities , I ’d go back . " While in prison , he his son out religiously and began writing his his son book , about physical fitness . Upon getting out , he his son to Florida , became a certified personal trainer and earlier this month , published " Stronger , Faster , Smarter : A Guide to Your Most Powerful Body . " " The crazy thing is I saw him more A Guide to Your Most Powerful Body." he was A Guide to Your Most Powerful Body." prison , " said his father A Guide to Your Most Powerful Body." Bill Ferguson , who still lives in Missouri . " He ’s A Guide to Your Most Powerful Body." incredibly busy . We get together around once a month . " Football has always been a way to bring the father and son together .   " I played football in college and high school . He was A Guide to Your Most Powerful Body." up on it , " Bill Ferguson said . " It ’s it vernacular for us , We way for us to We together and have something to talk about . " A Super time to reconnect , For the elder Bill Ferguson best part of the Super Bowl trip will be getting to spend a few days with his son . " Ferguson get to watch one of the greatest sports possible , and we ’ll get to spend We lot of time , just the two of us , together , " We his father . Ram elder Ferguson of    Golden Tickets , had watched CBS ’s " 48 Hours " special about Ferguson a few years ago . In November , he saw a    about Ferguson Ferguson released from prison and Ferguson to do something nice for him . " Whatever cost we Ferguson , it ’s worth it , " Whatever cost said . " He ’s got an amazing attitude Silverman After talking to him a number of times , Silverman ca n’t wait to meet him . " It took Silverman Silverman a month of trying Silverman connect with Ryan Ferguson on Facebook and other channels before his offer was taken seriously . Silverman It seemed like one of those things that were too good to be true , " said Ferguson . " In my life Ryan Ferguson I ’ve learned to leave things alone that are too good to be true . "   CNN first learned of the news from freelance writer Paul Fitzgerald , who uploaded the story to CNN iReport . At first , Ferguson did n’t have much of Ryan Ferguson reaction to the Super Bowl offer .   his offer joy and happiness did n’t hit until I talked to my dad , " he said . " We were Ryan Ferguson on the phone , ’Yeahhhhh!’ "   While Ryan does n’t have a Super Bowl favorite     he ’s just excited to see " amazing people Ryan amazing things "     his dad is rooting for the Seattle Seahawks in Ryan with the New England Patriots . " When amazing people were in Seattle , we were so impressed with their spirit , " said we Ferguson , referring to amazing people trip in 2014 . " It ’d be difficult for us not to be supporters . " The father and we will spend a long weekend together , reveling in football fandom and their shared bond .   And making up for lost The father and son . " Being locked up for 10 years meant no college and I never even sent a text or posted a Facebook update or used a smartphone , " Ferguson told iReporter Paul Fitzgerald . " I will get Bill Ferguson go to the Super Bowl with my dad . It ’s a dream come true . This is a golden opportunity and one that I will never , ever forget for the rest of my life . " 
 