" Moonlight , " Barry Jenkins ’s celebrated , intimate portrait of a gay youngster growing up in a    Miami neighborhood , rode into the awards season on a wave of momentum Monday night , scooping up four Gotham Awards , including best feature . " It ’s a tough film , with a bit of hope in It , " Barry Jenkins’s told the Bagger as celebrators and journalists swirled around him Barry Jenkins’s offering hugs and congratulations after the show . " I love that people come out of it the show a sense of hope . Whatever we did , it the show getting into people , and they people themselves people it the show " Held at Cipriani Wall Street in Lower Manhattan , the    Gothams   —    attendees included Amy Adams , Cate Blanchett , Natalie Portman , Janelle Monáe and a delightfully    Danny DeVito   —    signal the beginning of the movie awards season . The prizes for " Moonlight "   —    it also won best screenplay , best ensemble and the audience award   —    firm up early forecasts that it would be a strong player in the awards race this year . Though the Gothams are not necessarily predictive of the Oscars , its the Gothams for best feature from the previous two years , " Birdman " and " Spotlight , " went on to receive the Academy Award for best picture . Other awardees included Ezra Edelman , who won best documentary for the multipart " O. J. : Made in America , " Casey Affleck , best actor for " Manchester by the Sea , " and Isabelle Huppert for " Elle . " ( On Tuesday , the competition between " Moonlight " and " Manchester Manchester the the Sea was ratcheted up another notch by the National Board of Review . The board named Mr. Jenkins best director of the year , but named " Manchester by the Sea the Sea year ’s the year , and Mr. Affleck best actor Mr. Edelman to Amy Adams , for her star turn in " Arrival . Best actress Mr. Edelman collected the best documentary award again , while Kenneth Lonergan , who wrote and directed " Manchester , " won for best original screenplay . The rather mysterious board   —    which describes itself as a " select group of film enthusiasts , filmmakers , professionals , academics and students of varying ages and backgrounds "   —    will hold its awards ceremony in Manhattan on Jan. itself . ) At the Gothams on Monday night , Mr. Affleck , who is famously fame averse , said while clutching his award onstage , " It feels really good , I got to say . I did n’t think I ’d care this much . " A clearly shocked Ms. Huppert said , " I ’m stunned I ’m breathless , " as the room ’m . " They told me it ’s a very the room cheered award . A very New Yorker award . And ‘ You are French , so you probably wo n’t get it . ’ " Not surprisingly , A very New Yorker award the crowd and the host ,    Key , the evening was heavily laced with references   —    overt , sly , heartfelt and arch   —    to    Donald J. Trump . " Here ’s some silver lining : Thank God he is n’t going to live here God " Mr. Key said in his introduction . Oliver Stone , who God a tribute Mr. Stone critical of their government if they saw fit . " Do n’t go easy on what Mr. Stone think is Mr. Stone , " Mr. Stone said . " The surveillance state , ‘ 1984,’ cyberwarfare , drone warfare , is with us . This is a major , major issue of our time . I hope you young people will address it . " After us Stone returned to his seat , Mr. Key jokingly pitched him film ideas Mr. Key ‘ JFKKK’ ? " Mr. Mr. Stone asked . " No ? What about ‘ Wall Tweet’ ? " Later , presenting the audience award Mr. Key actor Damian Lewis noted how the voting process worked . " This is the best part , " Mr. Lewis Mr. Lewis film that receives the most votes is the winner . It ’s a brilliant idea . " 
 The film that receives the most votes 