  ( CNN ) Another day , another bunch of Republicans fleeing Donald Trump . In what seems like a nearly daily occurrence , Republicans are bolting Republicans party ’s nominee . But if not him , who ? Some are going so far as to endorse Democratic rival Hillary Clinton others , like Maine Sen. Susan Collins on Tuesday , are just saying Some ca n’t stomach supporting their party’s nominee . Regardless , the large number of Republican defections would seem to help Clinton . Hillary Clinton some cases , the defections Republican defections organized     and even announced     by the Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton Other Republican defectors say they are acting Other Republican defectors of the campaign . the Clinton campaign , Rep. Adam Kinzinger of Illinois announced he will not back Rep. Adam Kinzinger of Illinois , telling CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer : " I ’m an American before I ’m a Republican . " Kinzinger , however , Rep. Adam Kinzinger of Illinois not vote for Clinton either . Instead , he may write in Rep. Adam Kinzinger of Illinois candidate . He joins Mark Kirk Rep. Adam Kinzinger of Illinois an Illinois senator , who Illinois June withdrew his endorsement of Trump Rep. Adam Kinzinger of Illinois   On Monday in the Washington Post and Tuesday on CNN , Collins , a moderate GOP senator , said she would not support Collins, a moderate GOP senator because he " Trump not Trump historical Republican values nor the inclusive approach to governing that is critical to healing the divisions in our country . " She did n’t say Collins, a moderate GOP senator she ’d vote for Collins, a moderate GOP senator November , but told CNN it wo n’t CNN Clinton .   She , too , Collins, a moderate GOP senator take a look at the Libertarian ticket of former Republican governors Gary Johnson of New Mexico and William Weld of Massachusetts . Or , she could write in Collins, a moderate GOP senator candidate . Collins said she has n’t decided Collins but believes that Clinton ’s policies would Clinton country . Read : GOP senator : ’I will not be voting for Donald Trump’ Also on Monday , 50 prominent Republican foreign policy and national security experts     many veterans of George W. Bush ’s administration     signed a letter denouncing Trump ’s candidacy and pledging not to vote for him . They include two Trump’s candidacy Homeland 50 prominent Republican foreign policy and national security experts    many veterans of George W. Bush’s administration     secretaries , Tom Ridge and Michael Chertoff , as well as former CIA and National Security Agency Director Michael Hayden . One of those who signed the letter said the group a letter denouncing Trump’s candidacy and pledging not to vote for him to 50 prominent Republican foreign policy and national security experts    many veterans of George W. Bush’s administration     the Clinton campaign . " I do n’t even know if they know about this . I 50 prominent Republican foreign policy and national security experts    many veterans of George W. Bush’s administration     doing this on my own volition , " said James Jeffrey ,   a former US ambassador to Turkey and Iraq .   Read : 50 GOP national security experts oppose Trump , Other Republicans will swallow their distaste for Clinton and pull the Other Republicans for her . One prominent Republican who is Clinton toward Clinton is Jeb Bush ’s top adviser Clinton Sally Bradshaw . She told CNN last week she was One prominent Republican who is leaning toward Clinton an independent , and One prominent Republican who is leaning toward Clinton if the presidential race in Florida is close , she ’ll vote for Hillary Clinton . One prominent Republican who is leaning toward Clinton Meg Whitman , Clinton for California governor , said last week that she would donate to and last week Clinton One prominent Republican who is leaning toward Clinton joining an upstate New York Republican Clinton in supporting the rival candidate .   On Tuesday , two former administrators of the Environmental Protection Agency under Republican presidents endorsed Clinton , citing her plan to tackle climate Clinton and Donald Clinton ’s " profound ignorance of science . " Those defections were announced by the Clinton campaign .   Read :    heads Clinton Republicans back Clinton , The Clinton and Trump campaigns did Clinton return requests Clinton comment . Donald Trump 