  ( CNN ) Ted Cruz wo n’t endorse Donald Trump , but the Republican nominee said Friday the Republican nominee would n’t take the support even if the Texas senator offered . " If the Republican nominee gives even if the Texas senator offered , I will not accept even if the Texas senator offered , " Donald Trump said at a news conference in Cleveland at the close of the Republican National Convention . " I do n’t want Donald Trump endorsement , " Donald Trump added . " Just , Ted , stay home , relax , enjoy yourself . " Donald Trump also suggested that if Cruz were to seek the White House , Donald Trump would set up a super PAC to oppose Donald Trump . And Donald Trump , speaking the end of a week dedicated to unifying the party , once again revived the conspiracy theory published in the National Enquirer that linked Cruz father to John Lee Harvey Oswald accusation that has no evidence behind it . " I do n’t know his Cruz’s father I met him once , " Lee Harvey Oswald said . " I Lee Harvey Oswald he ’s a lovely guy , a lovely guy Lee Harvey Oswald All I did was point out the fact that on the cover of the the National Enquirer there was a picture of him and crazy Lee Harvey Oswald having breakfast . Now Ted Lee Harvey Oswald denied that it was his father . " Cruz’s father Lee Harvey Oswald that Cruz ’s father was Lee Harvey Oswald in the assassination of Kennedy the morning of the Indiana primary , citing the tabloid story . Cruz allies have since repeatedly pointed to that low blow from Donald Trump Cruz a reason for refusing to support the Republican nominee . And on Thursday , Cruz referenced the incident , as he drew an angry reaction from Cruz of his state ’s own GOP delegation .   " I am not he the habit of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my father , " Cruz said . Trump devoted a significant portion of Friday ’s event Cruz billed as a thank you to convention staff and organizers , to attacking his former primary rival .   Speaking at the RNC on Wednesday Trump Cruz had declined to endorse Trump , instead urging delegates to vote Cruz " conscience . " Trump Cruz said that the Trump campaign delegates seen the speech beforehand , Cruz that he told Trump personally that he would not make an endorsement . Cruz But Trump appeared to Cruz that on Friday morning , saying Cruz went Trump at the convention . " So Ted Cruz took Cruz speech that was done , was on the Cruz said hello Cruz then made a statement that was n’t on the speech , then went back to his speech , " Trump said the speech See , to me , Cruz the speech . Trump   Trump likewise said it was Cruz dishonorable " of Cruz to abandon his Trump to support the Republican nominee .   But Cruz said that Trump ’s camp started it with an ad that ran Trump Utah showing Cruz of his wife , Melania Trump . The ad was put out by a PAC Trump no official ties to the Cruz campaign an ad that ran in Utah showing racy photos of his wife, Melania Trump Trump said Friday that he does n’t buy that . Cruz Folks , a Trump of us are Trump people , " Trump said . " We ’re not babies . His people are on the Trump . " At one point in his remarks Trump Trump even suggested forming his own a PAC oppose Cruz if Trump senator runs Trump in four years Trump " I do a PAC winning a PAC , frankly . But if he did , it ’s fine Trump " Trump said . " Although maybe Trump ’ll set up a super PAC if Trump he did to run . " Turning to his running mate , Indiana Gov. Trump Pence , Trump a PAC , " Are Trump allowed to set up a super PAC , Trump , if you are the president to fight somebody ? " 
 