  ( CNN)"It ’s working out very nicely . " President Donald Trump ’s travel ban had been in effect for less than 24 hours when , 10 days ago , President Donald Trump offered a smiling review from the Oval Office .   " You see a smiling review from the Oval Office at the airports , " President Donald Trump said , " you see it all over . "   Indeed , millions of Americans with access to television and internet , and the thousands protesters at international arrivals terminals around the country , were bearing witness to the effects of President Donald Trump executive order .   But what they saw was something much different from what President Donald Trump described in President Donald Trump     remarks . The airports were gripped by chaos . Visa holders , including legal permanent residents , were being denied entry into the US , turned back or detained by Customs clerks , as families and lawyers argued for families and lawyers release . The legal fight over the order     now temporarily stayed     seems destined for the Supreme Court . More than two weeks into his presidency , Trump and top White House aides seem to be operating in an alternate universe     where the world media is ignoring global terror as a means of advancing shadowy political interests and opponents of the President ’s sweeping travel ban are either traitors or mercenaries . Even the most widely available statistics , when Even the most widely available statistics contradict the administration ’s narrative , are cast as subjective or false measures . On Tuesday , Trump and top White House aides claimed     falsely     that the US murder rate is at Trump and top White House aides highest in "   years . "   " ( Trump and top White House aides said the press does n’t tell you that , does n’t like to report that     the the press n’t like to tell it like     is     " said CNN senior media correspondent Brian Stelter . " In fact , the murder rate is not at a 45 year high . It has the murder rate up slightly in the last couple years , that ’s cause for concern , but the murder the murder rate lower than it was , for the murder rate , in the 70s , 80s or 90s . " Bad news is ’fake news’ In a tweet on Monday , Trump offered his worldview in stark Trump .   " Any negative polls are fake news , just like the CNN , ABC , NBC polls in the election , " he said . " Trump , people want border security and extreme vetting . " Putting aside that    national polling turned out to be an accurate preview of the popular vote results , Trump in his tweet is not Trump arguing against or spinning a particular survey . Instead , he is openly asserting Trump any empirically derived suggestion that his policies might be Trump     or not enjoying broad support     are by definition misleading or false . Trump runs hot and Trump with the polls . In that way , he is not unlike Trump politicians , who lift up the numbers they like and downplay the figures they do n’t . they the new White House has broken from the usual spin cycle by promoting     sometimes repeatedly     a series of jarring , and easily disproved falsehoods . In the reality described by Trump , a federal Trump who ruled to halt the administration ’s travel ban would , along with the entire " court system , " be responsible for a potential terrorist attack . The dynamic in the White House mimics the new White House the new White House former campaign official told CNN . He is someone who can lose interest one former campaign official and turn to the next issue without much thought . It ’s most apparent on Twitter , the next issue the President will bounce between a variety of often unconnected agenda items and personal grudges .   Over 24 minutes on Friday morning , he mocked Arnold Schwarzenegger rattled off an the President on the Iranian government claimed that " the FAKE NEWS media " had lied about the nature of his testy conversation with the Australian prime the President touted a morning meeting with the country ’s " biggest business leaders " and accused demonstrators of being " professional anarchists , thugs and paid protesters . "   The media conspiracy   Speaking on Monday , Trump built on this construction , placing the press in cahoots with the judiciary     another willful enabler of global terrorism . " You ’ve seen what happened in Paris and Nice , " Trump said during a visit to US Trump Command headquarters in Tampa . " All over Europe , it ’s happening . It ’s gotten to a point where it ’s not even being reported , it in many cases , the very , very dishonest press does n’t want to report it . They have their reasons , it you the very, very dishonest press that the very, very dishonest press " Those reasons     whatever the President thinks they may be     remained unspoken .   What " you understand " could be anything , though the clear implication was that a monolithic media dedicated to repelling Trump , and thwarting the popular will , had launched a campaign to hide reality and    for terrorists . For fans of the conspiracy theorist radio host Alex Jones and his Infowars , the fundamental argument was Alex Jones .      Pressed to provide material proof of his claims , the White House released Alex Jones Monday evening a list of 78 attacks it said " did not receive adequate attention from Western media sources . " Among the incidents listed were the killings in Orlando and San Bernardino , California     two bloody domestic attacks that received     coverage online , on television and in newspapers and magazines for days on end .   CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen     whose reporting is a staple of the network ’s terror coverage     did a more comprehensive review . Searching a database called Nexis that collects news reports from a wide range of sources and mediums , he found more than 78 , 000 CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen    whose reporting is a staple of the network’s terror coverage     in total , in excess of 1 , 000 per listed attack . ( And that number was likely on the low end , as Nexis yields no more than 3 , 000 hits per search . ) A false narrative , Over the past week , top Trump aide Kellyanne Conway has also muddied the waters in what increasingly appears to be a concerted effort to stoke anxiety over the presence and entrance of refugees into the US . In an interview that aired last Thursday night on MSNBC , she invoked the role of two Iraqi top Trump aide Kellyanne Conway in masterminding the " Bowling Green Massacre . " Her description of the deadly attack     top Trump aide Kellyanne Conway did not occur     was quickly called out by reporters ,    and confused viewers . Conway offered an apology of sorts the next day , tweeting that she had misspoken and meant to say top Trump aide Kellyanne Conway Bowling Green terrorists . " But by Monday , it had become clear that Conway ’s remark was not a    Conway A reporter from Cosmopolitan    the President ’s trusted aide had referenced a " Bowling Green massacre " during a telephone interview a week earlier . Speaking to TMZ on the same day , she mentioned " the masterminds behind the Bowling TMZ attack on our brave soldiers . " Conway had not cut the story from whole Conway , but her framing was consistently misleading . In the TMZ case , two refugees living in Bowling Green , Kentucky , were arrested in Bowling Green eventually convicted on charges they had sought to provide weapons and money from two refugees living in Bowling Green, Kentucky US to al Qaeda fighters in Iraq . American troops     not civilians     were their targets .   The " Bowling Green " American troops    not civilians     was delivered in the midst of a pitched debate over Trump ’s travel ban and suspension of the US refugee program . Days earlier , the White House     acting within their rights     had fired Acting Attorney General Sally Yates , a holdover from the Obama administration after she instructed federal attorneys not to defend the executive order in court .   Undermining opponents , In sacking Yates , though , Trump ’s White House also sought to present her the White House    acting within their rights     government White House employers . The official statement she the dismissal said Yates " betrayed she Department of Justice " and accused her of being Yates weak on borders and very weak on illegal immigration she " The attack fit into a consistent narrative of undermining or seeking to delegitimize political opponents or groups operating outside the administration ’s narrative framework . White House press secretary Sean Spicer kept up the drumbeat on Monday , telling Fox News that nationwide protests against Trump and the travel ban were being organized and subsidized by some unnamed benefactor . " Protesting has become a profession now , " he said , without proof . " They have every right to do White House press secretary Sean Spicer , do n’t get me wrong Protesting but I think that we need to call that what it is : it ’s not these organic uprisings that we ’ve seen through the past it decades . " He offered no evidence and there would have been little time for protesters White House press secretary Sean Spicer plot the demonstrations Trump ’s executive order was , according to the President ’s own tweet , purposefully delivered as a surprise . " If the ban were announced with a one week notice , " he wrote , " the ’bad’ would rush into our country during that White House press secretary Sean Spicer . " the country grassroots protest movement dismissed , the nation ’s highest ranking law enforcement officer ’s loyalty questioned and the media accused of conspiring to cover up terror attacks , the Trump administration ’s reality is on a collision course with a divided nation . 
 