Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama on Thursday dismissed suggestions a $ 400 million payment to Iran amounted to a ransom paid in return for the release of American hostages . Confirming the US offered a $400 million payment to Iran , President Barack Obama nevertheless downplayed the delivery ’s significance , saying President Barack Obama was not a " nefarious " deal . And President Barack Obama pushed back on Republican attacks charging that the White House completed the transaction as part of the prisoner swap . The line of argument was intensified by GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump just moments before the President ’s comments , though he also complicated the President’s message by the President’s to having seen a video of the transfer whose existence others have doubted . Obama on Thursday sharply defended the decision to send palettes of cash to Iran , however . " We do not pay ransom . We did n’t We , and we wo n’t We the future , " Obama said after Obama emerged that the United States delivered palettes of cash to Tehran on the same day the prisoners were freed . " Those families know we have a We that we do n’t We ransom , " Obama said . Obama And the notion that we would somehow start now , in this    way , and announce it to the world , even as we ’re looking in the faces of other hostage families whose loved ones are being held hostage , and saying to them we do whose loved ones we ransom , defies logic . " Obama downplayed the Obama , saying he had been Obama about the payment at the time it was agreed the payment . " We announced these we in January . Many months ago . They were not a secret , " Obama said during Obama news conference at the Pentagon . " It was n’t a secret . We were completely we with everybody about it . " Meanwhile , Trump ’s decision to focus on the purported video risked diverting attention from his wider attacks Trump Iran policy , which have the potential to put the Obama administration and Obama Democratic opponent Trump Clinton in a tough political spot . " A tape was made     you saw that ? " Trump asked the Trump sat the start of his rally in Trump , Maine . " With the airplane coming in , nice plane . .. and the money coming off , I guess . " Trump went on Trump speculate that the tape was A tape to us " by the Iranians to " embarrass our country and embarrass our president , " our concluding that the footage had been released by Iranian intelligence or government security services . " We have a president who ’s incompetent , " Trump said . Trump made similar Trump on Wednesday . He tweeted Friday Trump that he was referring Trump a plane he was on Trump that was carrying the hostages in Geneva , not the $ 400 million in cash . The Washington Post reported that the tape Trump had seen was included in a Fox News report about the $ 400 million transfer on Wednesday , but that Wednesday executive jet displayed appeared to be in Geneva that day , Geneva Iran , and did not show the transfer of cash . Trump ’s spokeswoman , Hope Hicks , did not return requests for comment on the video . The billionaire has frustrated Republicans in recent days with the lack of discipline at his campaign appearances and The billionaire have again stepped on his message by talking The billionaire a tape rather than the wider issue of why the United States was sending millions of dollars to its longtime foe . the United States Obama administration has repeatedly rejected GOP accusations that the cash     part of a $ 1 . 7 billion agreement to settle a    arms deal dispute     was meant to grease the release of four US prisoners who were freed in January when Tehran implemented a landmark nuclear deal . A fifth US prisoner was released separately . Secretary of State John Kerry insisted Thursday that the United States never pays ransoms for hostages , rejecting accusations that a $ 400 million payment to Iran was a quid pro quo for the release of American prisoners . " First of all , the United States of the United States and does not the United States ransoms with any country , " Kerry said at a Secretary of State John Kerry conference in Argentina . " We never have and we ’re not doing the United States now . It the United States not our policy . " A furor erupted after the United States Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday on the circumstances and timing of a cash payment to Iran . CNN had at the time reported that the transfer had been arranged . Trump has sought to make the Iran deal     which the administration had previously Iran in January     into a political plus at a rocky moment for his campaign . " You see it , Trump do n’t believe it , " Trump said , accusing the it of sending Trump bushels and bushels of cash " to Iran .   The GOP nominee suggested the Iran would find its way into the pockets of officials or the money diverted towards terrorism , he said .   " How stupid are The GOP nominee to allow us to keep on going on ? " we Trump . Two senior US officials told CNN Trump however , that while there was no " ultimatum " by the Iranians forcing the US to provide the $ 400 million cash payment in order to free the Americans , there was a general understanding on both sides that those issues     along with the incipient nuclear deal     would get wrapped up simultaneously . Internally , there was an interagency discussion and nobody put their foot down trying to stop it from happening , even though there was an interagency discussion acknowledgment that the optics were problematic . When it became clear that all three issues were the optics to resolution around the same time , the decision was made to go ahead and do it all at once even so .   Republicans , including presidential nominee Donald Trump , condemned the transaction and have seized on it as a payment of ransom for prisoners the transaction could put other Americans at risk . They also are labeling it an example of Republicans, including presidential nominee Donald Trump administration dealings with the transaction rogue power . " Iran was in big trouble , they had sanctions , they were dying , Republicans, including presidential nominee Donald Trump took off the Republicans, including presidential nominee Donald Trump and made this Republicans, including presidential nominee Donald Trump deal and sanctions ’re a power , " Trump said Republicans, including presidential nominee Donald Trump in Daytona Beach , Florida .   Asked whether the Americans would have been released without the cash payment , one official said , " it is unknowable . " The money was flown to Iran on a plane carrying wooden pallets stacked with Swiss francs , euros and other currencies . The payment was made with Obama ’s approval as the cash payment tranche of a $ 1 . 7 billion settlement resolving claims at an international tribunal at The Hague . The claims related to a failed arms deal under the time of the Shah Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi in which the US was left with Iranian funds when he was toppled by the Islamic Revolution in 1979 and the Shah Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi two countries cut ties .   Kerry tried to tamp down the uproar Thursday , saying , " This is not a new story . It does n’t represent anything the American people were n’t This by the President and by the administration . " The Obama Kerry admitted the circumstances of the payment do the administration but insists it was part of a complicated set of diplomatic maneuvers that were separate the administration came to fruition at the same time . " We were aware . .. of the optics . .. ( which is ) one of the reasons we tried to address it up front , " said State Department spokesman We Toner on Wednesday . " The President spoke to this settlement , Secretary Kerry spoke to the settlement at the time and tried to say , ’Look , guys this settlement know ( what ) it looks like , but there ’s no there there,’ " he said . " And so we ’ve always been aware of it , Secretary Kerry that did n’t keep We from , frankly , sealing a there,’ that saved the American taxpayers We considerable sum of money . " Iran had been seeking more than $ 10 billion in arbitration . Although the administration announced in January that it would pay $ 1 . 7 billion to Iran , it did not the administration the     style of the payments . The Iran report the administration the episode on Wednesday reopened the controversy over the administration ’s approach to Iran , including the nuclear deal , which Republicans the administration The White Iran argued on Wednesday that the fact Republicans are seizing on the cash story is proof that they are Wednesday to maintain their opposition to the historic nuclear agreement itself . Officials also Republicans the cash was delivered Republicans such an unorthodox manner because Iran was still isolated from the the fact Republicans are seizing on the cash story is proof that they are struggling to maintain their opposition to the historic nuclear agreement itself system owing to international sanctions . Iran 