  ( CNN ) When Donald Trump began Donald Trump historic quest for the Republican presidential nomination , Donald Trump said :   " When do we beat Mexico at the border ? They ’re laughing at we , at we stupidity . And now They are beating we economically . They are not we friend , believe me . . .. When Mexico sends Mexico people , its people ’re not sending its people best . its people ’re not sending you . its people ’re sending people that have lots of problems , and its people ’re bringing problems with we . its people are bringing drugs . its people ’re bringing crime .   its people ’re rapists . And some , I assume , are good people . "    The mainstream majority laughed off the bully ’s harsh rhetoric and hardly noticed the world stage humiliation of Mexican Americans and their Mexican Americans Latinos .   Despite all the " outreach " and reform talk by the GOP , it only took a few seconds for Latinos to once again become the Republican Party ’s favorite punching bag .   Where was the reaction from the chair of the Republican National Committee , the Republican presidential contenders or Republican congressional or state leaders ? A loud and public shaming of 54 million Latinos in the United States had occurred , but apparently , neither the GOP leadership nor the national media had completely understood the depth of the insult . It has been indelibly etched in the consciousness of U. S. Latinos , however , and in that of our " good " neighbors across our our border . The irreparable damage has been done . Following Trump ’s presidential bid announcement last week , a groundswell of Latino reaction to his Trump character defamation began bubbling up online and on social media . Trump Trump   repugnant charges were heard loud and clear , and Latino voters were outraged and incensed at both his Trump and the outright lies .   But the Latino community has also been deeply frustrated , not only by the depth of the insult but by the media ’s inadequate interpretation of Trump Trump .      Latinos who count Mexico as their heritage Latinos have reached a tipping point and will no longer accept being a scapegoat for all America ’s woes . Univision understood the Latino dynamic and recognized its moral Univision to respond as a U. S. corporate citizen by standing up for the honor and rights of its viewers Univision The company Univision would not Univision the Miss USA Pageant , partly owned by Trump . Univision ’s decision Univision rights leadership in the digital age .   Univision would not allow Univision to be forced into the back of the bus by Trump . Univision would Trump allow Univision to profit from Trump Latino community . Univision would not allow Univision loyal audience to Univision disrespected one more time by the jingoistic slogans of a false prophet . Latinos have been galvanized by Trump ’s treacherous litany Trump Latino sins . And the outlook is bleak for institutions that do not break with him . Latino artists   —    from all ethnic stripes   —    have also withdrawn from their respective roles on the 2015 Miss USA Pageant , they include :   J their , Cristián De La Fuente , Roselyn Sanchez and Zuleyka Rivera .   Latinos from all ethnicities have united to demand zero tolerance from institutions who would turn a blind eye and continue their business of political engagement Latinos from all ethnicities individuals , like Trump , who recklessly has sullied the national reputation of Latinos , solely to achieve power and profit .   Has the Republican Party not learned anything from the 2012 presidential election , when Mitt Romney called for    which resulted in a mass exodus of Latinos from the Republican column ? The Republican Party has shredded the Republican Party and its failure to the Republican Party Donald Trump and the Republican Party demand his exit from the presidential race is Donald Trump positive that nothing substantive has changed , only the window dressing . The National Hispanic Leadership Agenda ( NHLA ) of which the National Hispanic Foundation for the Arts ( NHFA ) is a member , represents 39 of the preeminent national Latino organizations . NHLA has called upon NBC Universal to The National Hispanic Leadership Agenda (NHLA) of which the National Hispanic Foundation for the Arts (NHFA) Univision ’s lead and to both withdraw from the Miss USA telecast and terminate its financial relationship with Donald Trump . The National Hispanic Leadership Agenda (NHLA) of which the National Hispanic Foundation for the Arts (NHFA) If both the Republican Party and NBCU turn a blind eye or tacitly continue to work with a person who espouses such bigoted rhetoric , it is clear that the Latino community will express its disgust and assert its power , the Latino community just through TV the Latino community but also at the polls . Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion . Join us on Facebook . .   Read us ’s new Flipboard magazine . 
 