  ( CNN ) A man scaling Trump Tower using giant suction cups was roughly pulled into the building at about 6:30 p. m. by members of the New York Police Department after reaching the 21st floor . " Individual climbing # TrumpTower has been apprehended . Excellent job by @NYPDSpecialops   all supporting personnel , " tweeted Inspector Peter J. Venice , commanding officer of the Midtown North Precinct . The     from Virginia was arrested and taken to Bellevue Hospital for a psychological evaluation , according to a law enforcement official .   a law enforcement official was identified on Thursday morning as The NYPD .   The NYPD had originally said a law enforcement official was 20 .   a law enforcement official drove from Virginia to Brooklyn on Tuesday , according to two law enforcement sources briefed on the investigation . He a law enforcement official been medically cleared , and is undergoing a psychological evaluation , according to the sources . He a law enforcement official expected to face several state charges from the Manhattan District Attorney ’s office sometime two law enforcement sources briefed on the investigation Thursday morning , the sources said .   The New York Police Department is in touch with the a law enforcement official , the sources said two law enforcement sources briefed on the investigation What he explained to a law enforcement official is that he wanted a a law enforcement official meeting with Mr. Trump and he posted two law enforcement sources briefed on the investigation video on Tuesday , " Bill Aubrey , Chief of Detectives with Manhattan South Precinct said at a press conference Mr. Trump " That YouTube video explains that he ’s an independent researcher and he wanted to meet with him ( Donald Trump ) and that ’s a YouTube video he was Mr. Trump this building . At no Mr. Trump did he express that Mr. Trump wanted Mr. Trump sole intention was to meet Mr. Trump Mr. Trump . " Emergency services detailed the almost Mr. Trump operation in Mr. Trump crews tried to isolate the Mr. Trump , after first trying to talk him down through a vent on the 5th floor . When the    man in a baseball cap and climbing gear continued to scale vertically Mr. Trump horizontally , emergency personnel removed window panes and lowered scaffolding from the roof of the building to eventually corner him near a    thick glass window that would not support his weight , a police spokesman said .   Trump Tower is Republican presidential Mr. Trump Donald Trump ’s    property , and where his campaign Mr. Trump headquartered     next to Central Park in Manhattan .   The real estate mogul was not in the building at the time of the climb , but Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the campaign trail . After a campaign rally in Florida Wednesday evening , Trump tweeted : " Great job the building the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the the climber . " Manhattan South Chief William Morris said his unit was in Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump contact with the United States Secret Service during the ordeal . His team was working with the Manhattan District Attorney ’s Office to determine which charges Manhattan South Chief William Morris be made . " This man performed a ridiculous and dangerous stunt . There ’s Manhattan South Chief William Morris to the building and he caused the unnecessary deployment of New York ’s finest to protect his safety and the safety of everyone in the building , " said Michael D. Cohen , special counsel This man the Trump Organization . " He ’s caused the shutdown of This man on Fifth Avenue . I ’m 100 the building the NYPD had better things to do . If Mr. Trump were here he ’d This man thanking law enforcement for the job they ’re doing and a job well done . " Police broke windows , raised a ladder and cut through a vent in Mr. Trump to talk to the climber .   Initially law enforcement NYPD said they had no immediate intention of trying to pull him in , according to a law enforcement source . Instead , they had hoped he would tire before reaching the NYPD NYPD the the NYPD .   The NYPD had set up two " airbags , " one on the atrium below the climber and the NYPD on the him on 56th Street near 5th Avenue , according to Sgt . the NYPD the NYPD of the deputy commissioner of public information office . At about 5:45 p. m. Nieves said that the NYPD will " probably not " cut out any more window panes because Nieves one was injured . But at 6:20 p. m. the NYPD the NYPD windows have been removed from the 21st floor the NYPD Emergency Service Unit is attempted to talk the climber in . And at about 6:30 p. m. two officers roughly hauled the climber into the window opening . The climber appeared to 6:20 p. m. the maneuver but the officers successfully pulled him in . Onlookers started documenting the man ’s ascent on social media shortly after 4 p. m. 6:20 p. m. the 5th floor of the    building the climber Avenue . He was at the the climber around 5 p. m.   This is two officers first time the climber climber has ascended a building the climber cups . French rock and urban climber Alain Robert used suction cups and 4 p. m. rope to climb the Galaxy Macau Tower in China to promote " The 4 p. m.    2 the 5th floor of the   building on 5th Avenue 2014 . A similar feat was attempted by professional climber Sierra    who hauled herself up a    building in South Korea in May 2016 with two vacuum cleaners to promote LG ’s newest CordZero model . Science entertainment television program " MythBusters " investigated Hollywood heist scenes and tested whether it was possible to scale an air duct using suction cups in episode 54 , which aired in July 2006 . Presenter Jamie Hyneman found suction cups were able to hold his weight but the noise of his contraption , which included a vacuum , were too noisy and blew his cover . The man appeared to be relying on a series of NV11 Fairs Air Powered Suction Cups , which retail at $ 280 . 22 each . The product is marketed as able Presenter Jamie Hyneman lift up to 150 lbs Presenter Jamie Hyneman being ideally suited to picking up glass or stone surfaces . 
 Presenter Jamie Hyneman Presenter Jamie Hyneman 