Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton has recently been trying to paint Donald Trump as unfit to be entrusted with the authority to launch America ’s nuclear arsenal . " Do we want Donald Trump finger anywhere near the button ? " the Democratic presidential nominee asked a crowd in San Diego . Hillary Clinton Republican opponent has vehemently rejected the attacks and said Her Republican opponent would only use nuclear weapons as a last resort . But in truth , there is no button . Instead , the president has a card , commonly called the " biscuit , " with the nuclear launch codes on it . the president also has a briefcase , nicknamed the " football , " carried by a military aide , with the equipment and the information needed to launch a nuclear strike .   " You have to be ready anytime for any moment , " said Pete Metzger , who for three years was one of the five alternating officers who carried the nuclear launch suitcase during Ronald Reagan ’s presidency . " Mind you , it has to happen quickly , because the time on a missile is very fast , " saying the time on a missile is very fast could take as little as five to six minutes for a nuclear warhead to hit Washington , D. C. or New York City . The aide with The Presidential Emergency Satchel is required to be close to the president at all times     whether at the White House , in a motorcade , aboard Air Force One or on a trip overseas . The aide with the satchel rides in the same elevator , stays on the same hotel floor , and is protected by the same Secret Service agents . There is also a football for the vice the president the president is incapacitated the president Presidential Emergency Satchel , as it is The Presidential Emergency Satchel called , contains four things , according to former White House Military Office Director Bill Gulley ’s book " Breaking Cover . "   There is a black book listing a menu of strike options a list of secure bunkers where the president can be sheltered the president using the Emergency Broadcast System and a      card with authentication codes for the president to confirm his identity the president It contains the the president and the    his identity that the president would need to make a the president decision " and to relay instructions to the National Military Command Center to launch a strike , according to Metzger . Before being chosen as a military aide , Metzger said he underwent extensive vetting by the Metzger Department Metzger the Secret Service and the FBI , including psychiatric and psychological evaluations and " a very , very extensive background check . " The president , on the other hand , undergoes no such vetting , critics point out . And while the military officers who would carry out a nuclear launch are required to work in pairs , where both must concur before they can execute a nuclear launch , there both no such check on the president ’s actions . " The president has supreme authority to decide whether the president’s America ’s nuclear weapons . Period . Full stop , " said the Arms Control Association ’s Kingston Reif . A president could only be stopped by mutiny , he said , and more than one person would A president to disobey the president ’s orders . And as Reif points the president’s stakes could n’t be higher : The size of America ’s nuclear arsenal gives the president " immense , unprecedented America . The US right now deploys approximately 900 nuclear warheads that are on the order of 10 to 20 times more powerful than the weapons that destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki . And those 900 warheads are available for use at virtually a moment ’s notice . " But Metzger said that , in his experience at least , the president takes the responsibility very Metzger , as do the five military aides . " The result of a decision the president would make is so grotesquely horrible     it would the president face of the earth , it would change humanity , it would change mankind , " he it . " I guess it you ’re on duty , the president try not to think of the import of that . But you are fully prepared to do so if you have to . " 
 