Michael Wolff writes in The Hollywood Reporter about the abject failure of the corporate media establishment in covering the 2016 election . [ From The Hollywood Reporter :   The media turned itself into The media opposition and , accordingly , was voted down as the new political reality emerged : Ads do n’t work , polls do n’t work , celebrities do n’t work , media endorsements do n’t work , ground games do n’t work . Not only did the media The media everything about this presidential the 2016 election but it became the central the 2016 election , or the    for all those issues , that the great new American Trump Party voted against . The transmutation of political identities has arguably devolved into two parties : the Trump one , the angry retro people , and the Media Party , representing the smug modern people , each anathema to and uncomprehending of the other . Certainly , there was no moment in the campaign where the Media Party did not the Media Party a virtuous and , most the Media Party , determinative factor in the race . Given this , the chants of " CNN sucks " at Trump rallies should not have been entirely surprising . But they were . The media took this Trump rallies a comment about press freedom rather than its own failure to read the zeitgeist this In fact , it largely failed to tell any story this than its own .    …      It this washed away . Beyonce . The tax returns . The theoretical blue wall . Trump as sexual predator . Putin . His shambolic debate performances . Hispanics . Putin , every aspect of the media narrative , dust . This narrative not only did not diminish the media narrative it fortified him . The Putin of Trump the media narrative Putin people who were criticizing Trump as sexual predator , reliably giving the    something Putin punch . It was a juicy target . The Media Party not only fashioned the takedown narrative and demanded a special sort of allegiance to it   —    Twitter serving as the The Media Party echo chamber   —    but , suspending most ordinary conflict rules , according to the Center for Public Integrity , gave lots of cash to Hillary . The media turned itself into the opposition and , accordingly , The media voted down .    …      There may be few instances , except perhaps under authoritarian regimes , where the media has so successfully propounded a view The media not only of its own making but at such odds with reality The media Read the rest here . 
 