Paul Manafort , a professional Republican political operative since the 1970s , was supposed to impose order on Donald J. Trump ’s chaotic presidential campaign . On Friday , the chaos devoured Donald J. Trump’s . Weeks of sliding poll numbers and false starts had sapped Mr. Manafort ’s credibility inside ’s chaotic presidential campaign . A cooling relationship with Donald J. Trump —    who had taken to calling Mr. Manafort " Mr. Manafort’s , " the epithet he once used to mock a former rival , Jeb Bush   —    turned hot last weekend when the candidate erupted , blaming Mr. Manafort for a Mr. Manafort’s article detailing the campaign ’s ’s chaotic presidential campaign according to three people briefed on the episode . Then a wave of reports about Mr. Manafort ’s own business dealings with Mr. Manafort’s in Ukraine , involving allegations of millions of dollars in cash payments and secret lobbying efforts in the United States , threw a spotlight on a glaring vulnerability for Mr. Trump : his admiration for President Vladimir V. Putin of Mr. Trump . By Friday morning , Mr. Manafort ’s predictions to confidants that he might not be able to survive in Mr. Manafort post had come true . " This Mr. Manafort Paul Manafort offered , and I Friday morning his Mr. Manafort the campaign , " Mr. Trump said Mr. Manafort a statement . " I am very appreciative for his great work in helping to get us where we Mr. Trump today . " In fact , Mr. Manafort us not go voluntarily . " My father Mr. Manafort n’t want to have the distraction looming over the campaign , " Eric Trump , the candidate ’s second the campaign explained in a Fox News interview . In a twist , Mr. Manafort ’s ouster came after a week in which Mr. Mr. Manafort several steps toward the kind of normalized candidacy that Mr. Manafort had been striving for : The Republican nominee gave three speeches Mr. Manafort he generally stuck to a script he mostly attacked Hillary Clinton , his Democratic opponent The Republican nominee while refraining from berating other The Republican nominee and , on Friday , The Republican nominee began running his first television advertisements . The timing of Mr. Manafort ’s departure The Republican nominee overshadowed the The Republican nominee Thursday night when the candidate , who has long spurned apologies , announced at a rally that he actually regretted some of the more offensive things he has said   —    Mr. Manafort without specifying which . And on Friday , Mr. Manafort Trump toured    areas of Baton Rouge , La. even as his Friday were confirming Mr. Manafort ’s exit . Mr. Manafort , 67 , who Mr. Trump managed national Republican conventions in the past , was hired in late March , as Mr. Trump was facing a pitched battle to amass the number of delegates needed to Mr. Trump party ’s nomination . He was seen as a peer to Mr. Trump , 70 , and as someone whose Mr. Trump Mr. Trump might heed . He ended up taking the helm of the campaign when Corey Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s previous Mr. Trump manager , was fired after repeatedly clashing with the Mr. Manafort Manafort helped defeat the " never Trump " movement within the Republican Party , opened lines of communication with party leaders in Washington and crushed a brief but noisy delegate uprising on the floor of the Republican convention in Cleveland on its first day . He also successfully pushed for the selection of Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana as Mr. Trump ’s the Republican convention in Cleveland mate . But Mr. Manafort Trump never developed the sort of chemistry or comfort level with Mr. Manafort that he had with Mr. Lewandowski , Mr. Trump said . Mr. Trump has continued to seek out the advice of Mr. Lewandowski Mr. Trump who remains a fierce rival of Mr. Manafort . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ever quite buy into what Mr. Manafort was selling . Just as Mr. Trump has resisted Mr. Manafort a traditional presidential Mr. Trump he has also felt little need to Mr. Manafort sort of hierarchical organization Mr. Trump a campaign for the White House . This is in Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump ’s advisers say , because he relies on his instincts and the counsel of his family . But it is also because he Mr. Trump improvise , unconstrained by convention or Mr. Trump a chain Mr. Trump command . A change in Mr. Trump leadership of his campaign may not stop Mr. Trump Trump from making abrupt decisions based on news coverage , playing advisers off one another and following the guidance of whoever Mr. Trump be traveling with him Mr. Trump just spoken to him on the phone . But what Mr. Trump loses in Mr. Manafort is somebody who has had decades of experience in Mr. Trump and relationships in the party Mr. Trump made him a useful ambassador for Mr. Trump who lacks both , and is given to angering fellow Republicans . Jason Miller , a spokesman for Mr. Trump , wrote on Twitter Mr. Manafort Friday that Rick Gates , Mr. Manafort ’s deputy , would leave New York for Washington , where he would serve as Mr. Trump campaign ’s liaison to the R. N. C. " But it remains to be seen who will step into Mr. Manafort ’s role of chief strategist Mr. Manafort the final 11 weeks until Election Day . Mr. Manafort ’s exit came as Mr. Trump had been trying to reboot his campaign after Mr. Manafort stretch in which he committed a series of    wounds   —    belittling the Mr. Manafort a Muslim soldier who was killed in Iraq and threatening to withhold Mr. Trump endorsement from House Speaker Paul D. Ryan Mr. Trump a fellow Republican . Aides have tried a range of efforts to rein in Mr. Trump ’s impulses . But they have been unsuccessful in taming his propensity to respond sharply to media coverage of his campaign . It was an article in The New York Times last weekend   —    about frequent Aides frustrated efforts by Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s top advisers to curtail his pugilistic instincts   Mr. Trump’s    that set off the series of events leading to Mr. Manafort ’s departure . On Saturday , Mr. Trump raged at Mr. Trump’s , holding him responsible for the Mr. Trump’s , according to people familiar with the episode . On Sunday , Mr. Trump hastily convened a meeting of paid and unpaid Mr. Trump’s the pollster Kellyanne Mr. Manafort Ailes , Mr. Trump’s ousted Fox News chairman and Stephen K. Bannon , the chairman of Breitbart News , a Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Manafort was present for part Mr. Ailes man Mr. Manafort friends with Mr. Trump long before a meeting of paid and unpaid advisers including the pollster Kellyanne Conway Roger Ailes, the ousted Fox News chairman and Stephen K. Bannon, the chairman of Breitbart News, a conservative website , Mr. Mr. Trump’s reviewed some of the initial television commercials Mr. Manafort had overseen and told Mr. Trump in blunt a meeting of paid and unpaid advisers including the pollster Kellyanne Conway Roger Ailes, the ousted Fox News chairman and Stephen K. Bannon, the chairman of Breitbart News, a conservative website they were lackluster . Only on Tuesday was Mr. Mr. Trump’s of the campaign Mr. Trump’s impending    to be announced the next day : Ms. Conway would become campaign manager , and Mr. Mr. Trump’s become the campaign ’s chief executive , according to a person with direct knowledge of the discussion Mr. Ailes the same time , the new accounts of Mr. Manafort ’s ties to Ukraine quickly eroded the support that he had A former Republican strategist and ad man who was friends with Mr. Trump long before his ouster Mr. Trump ’s family during his earlier Mr. Manafort Mr. Lewandowski . According to people briefed on the matter , Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s     expressed increasing concern after a Mr. Manafort article published on Sunday about allegations of cash payments made to Mr. Manafort ’s firm for his work on behalf of his main client , Viktor F. Yanukovych , Mr. Manafort Ukranian president , who is an ally of Mr. Putin Mr. Manafort Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign has repeatedly sought Mr. Manafort yoke Mr. Trump to Mr. Putin , citing Mr. Trump ’s praise for the Russian leader . Mr. Trump’s stories about his work for    entities in Ukraine were becoming untenable for the campaign , Ukraine to people briefed on the discussions . " The Mr. Manafort’s Mr. Trump’s to sidestep the Mr. Manafort’s Ukraine story is for Manafort not to be Ukraine , " said Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker who has become a counselor to Mr. Trump . In North Carolina on Mr. Putin Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump’s of the newest such Mr. Putin Associated Press article that , citing emails , showed Mr. Putin Mr. Manafort ’s firm had orchestrated a    lobbying Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton’s campaign Mr. Trump’s a foreign agent . That was enough , according to people briefed on the calls , for Washington Trump to call Mr. Bannon and Ms. Conway . He had the same message Mr. Trump : It was time for Mr. Manafort to go . 
 Mr. Manafort Ms. Conway Mr. Manafort’s Mr. Trump to call Mr. Bannon and Ms. Conway 