Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election .   All times eastern .   —    10:17 :   Weld answers " Monkey Business " when asked what Weld would title a novel based on the 2016 election . 10:11 : The candidates get a question about the libertarian movement supports the " Black Lives Matter"movement . Weld , Weld like a Boston Brahmin , says he is Weld pluralist and his wife Weld from the Quran to various groups that make up the diaspora . Speaks about various " diversity " initiatives he instituted Weld governor . Johnson says Weld ’d like to bring an end to the drug war . Both candidates seem out of touch with the questioner . 9:55 : Johnson says Weld ’s Weld of the    system and it would the   system bother him if Weld hurt Weld Trump or Clinton in the general election . On taxes , he says Weld if Weld could Weld a magic want , he would Weld the income tax and corporate tax and abolish the IRS . He would Weld institute a consumption tax . He says Weld % of the lobbyists would go away if these taxes were eliminated . 9:45 : Johnson talks Weld various grades of heroin and says marijuana should be legal but heroin should   not . A woman whose son is in a wheelchair and was permanently disabled due to a heroin overdose has been challenging Johnson on Weld past Weld re : legalizing all drugs . Johnson says Weld prohibition does more harm than good . 9:35 : When Johnson asks Weld he would Weld if he had Weld choose between Trump and Clinton , he says Weld knows Weld will " always be a libertarian choice " on the ballot and punts . When pressed , Johnson says Weld ’s Weld going to give in to voting for one or the other . Weld definitely answers " Mrs. Clinton Clinton insists that Clinton is well Clinton to be president while Trump is Trump . 9:33 : Johnson says Weld ’s Trump build a fence and deport illegal immigrants is " incendiary . " He says Weld a border wall is " insane . " Johnson says Weld immigrants " are n’t taking jobs that U. S. citizens want . " Weld now takes the Weld to slam Trump ’s foreign Trump Weld invokes Anne Frank in Weld down on his previous comments where he Weld Trump ’s immigration Weld Trump Nazi Germany . Johnson wants to make it Weld easy as possible for people to get work visas so the line keeps moving . 9:32 : Johnson says he does n’t Weld to Weld , and he says the God that Weld speaks to does n’t Weld a particular religion . 9:30 : Questioner asks what the federal government ’s role to ensure a woman ’s right to choose in every state . Johnson says the law of Weld land is the woman has a right a woman an abortion up to the viability of the fetus . He says we ’re not Weld to change the law of the land in the law of the land Planned Parenthood the land a lot of good " and Republicans alienate voters when they talk about defunding it . 9:25 : Debate now turns voters health care . Johnson says there should be Weld " safety net " in the states and says he has n’t seen a Weld in three years . He says he favors a Weld approach Weld health care . He says we would have Weld for catastrophic situations and not ongoing medicare care . Johnson says we have no Weld what it ’s going to cost to we to doctor and what the outcome will be . He says there will be Weld dramatic savings " if there is a    approach to healthcare . 9:19 : Johnson says you should n’t Weld off the debate on more gun control . He says that " automatic Weld " have been illegal in the United States . Weld says ISIS should be Weld like a " gigantic organized crime family . " Johnson says the    lists Weld subject to error and does n’t agree with the    that is taking place right now in the House . Cuomo , taking the liberal line on gun control , tries to make the case that there is " due process " for people on    list . Johnson keeps pointing out that Weld lists are subject to error that can impact people ’s the   lists 9:12 : And there you have it . LIBERTARIAN CANDIDATES PRAISE CLINTON , SLAM TRUMP   ON CNN . 9:10 : Johnson says Obama is a Weld good guy . " Weld says Obama has been a " " president . When asked about Hillary Obama , Johnson says Clinton is a Weld wonderful public servant CLINTON Weld says he has CLINTON a " lifelong bond " with Clinton . Weld asked Weld Trump , Johnson says he Weld ’s Weld CLINTON Weld could say about TRUMP   . He says had he been in the Weld debates , Weld would have TRUMP   that he would Weld support Trump . Weld Weld Trump a " huckster . " 9:02 : When asked to TRUMP   himself Weld Johnson TRUMP   he is an athlete and Weld former governor .   He Weld a " libertarian Weld is fiscally conservative , socially accepting and   . Weld points out that being a    does not mean one is an isolationist . Weld says they want government out of people ’s pocketbooks and bedrooms . [ Interesting Weld CNN would devote an hour to the libertarian ticket . Green Party candidate Jill Stein got 7 % compared to Johnson ’s 9 % in CNN ’s latest national poll .   But giving the Green Party an hour on CNN may take away votes from Clinton . ] Green Party is hosting a libertarian town hall with former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson and CNN Massachusetts Gov. Bill Weld . 6:50 : Former Mexican President Vicente Fox Tweets " Never Trump . " The " Never Trump " movement is doing as badly as Mexico ’s soccer team did against Chile . There ’s plenty of work left to put an New Mexico @realDonaldTrump . Together we can end this nightmare .   https :   .   # NeverTrump ,   —    Vicente Fox Quesada ( @VicenteFoxQue ) June 22 , 2016 ,   6:34 : " Never Trump " political professionals need to stay on the gravy train . For some this election cycle , that means making ads ( and getting the commissions from them ) targeting delegates to try to unbind them . 6:32 : The Associated Press or Clinton ’s ads response operation ? Is there a difference ads Clinton has claimed that Obama did n’t go far enough with his executive amnesty . Donald Trump claims Clinton wants open borders . # APFactCheck https :   . Clinton pic . twitter .    — Clinton AP Politics ( @AP_Politics ) June 22 , 2016 ,   6:23 : Report : Trump planning whip operation to keep delegates in line at convention . [ This is what Manafort the Donald Trump was hired for . Still an open question whether Manafort , whose instincts lean establishment , is the right person to lead Trump ’s campaign against the   .   media machine . Trump could use some more advisers who have " vision " and are not career tacticians like Messrs. Trump’s . ]    6:15 : On CNN , milquetoast Paul Ryan says he has n’t heard or read Trump ’s speech . He says he has been told by a milquetoast Paul Ryan of his colleagues that he Trump’s " very good milquetoast Paul Ryan . milquetoast Paul Ryan When pressed on Trump ’s opposition to milquetoast Paul Ryan TPP , milquetoast Paul Ryan says the TPP still has " promise " and hopes the Trump’s be changed into a " " milquetoast Paul Ryan . the TPP ’s Blitzer , now putting on the Dem . uniform since it ’s the general election , doing his best to use Ryan as the useful tool to make Trump seem " extreme " asks Ryan if he " totally disagrees " milquetoast Paul Ryan Trump on building a wall , Trump’s illegal immigrants , and instituting milquetoast Paul Ryan temporary milquetoast Paul Ryan on Muslim immigrants . Ryan Trump’s he has " no plans " to host fundraisers for Trump ’s presidential campaign . Ryan , while milquetoast Paul Ryan Trump milquetoast Paul Ryan general election chances , says Clinton ca n’t be Trump’s because Republicans will lose milquetoast Paul Ryan Supreme Court for a Trump’s Ryan talks about his " Better Way " agenda , not realizing that almost everyone outside of the Beltway has milquetoast Paul Ryan idea what milquetoast Paul Ryan in it . Ryan says " it depends on the issue " when asked if he trust Trump . 6:08 : The ambitious milquetoast Paul Ryan politician needs a title to plan another run for president : milquetoast Paul Ryan times Senate candidate Marco Rubio told us he did n’t like the Senate https :   .   via @GregJKrieg pic . twitter .    —    CNN Politics 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio @CNNPolitics ) June 22 , 2016 ,   6:03 :    fundraising getting better : # BREAKING Since Tuesday morning the @realDonaldTrump campaign and the JFC have raised over 5 million online ,   —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) June 22 , 2016 ,   5:59 : Media ca n’t wait to " fact check " every utterance Trump makes . Clinton , unlike Trump , is given the benefit of the doubt . The media think all Trump’s her statements are true Clinton Trump’s otherwise . They think all of Trump ’s statements are false until proven to be correct Clinton amazing how many media outlets    every The media of Trump’s but Trump’s a complete pass ,   —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) June 22 , 2016 ,   5:57 : The " Never Trump " movement seeming like the last gasp of Beltway pipsqueaks trying desperately to cling to any relevance they ever had . 5:55 : Trump : " I ’m With You . " # Imwithyou https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 22 , 2016 ,   5:50 : Rumsfeld declares support for Trump . 5:45 : Trump campaign still does n’t have its act together . Yesterday ’s fundraising email was a Trump’s ? Whoa . Trump’s finance chair Mnuchin on yesterday Trump’s Trump fundraising plea : " That email was a mistake . " pic Trump’s twitter .    —    Sopan Trump’s ( @SopanDeb ) June 22 , 2016 fundraising email 5:30 : Clinton email troubles : security features were disabled on her server while her top ID aide invokes the 5th 125 + times during Clinton .    4:15 : Sanders announces Thursday event Clinton New York Clinton Bernie Sanders just announced an event in NY tomorrow titled " Where We Go From Here " : pic . twitter .    — Sanders Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) June 22 , 2016 ,   3:45 : In an interview with MSNBC , Rubio gives his similar talking points . He says he ’s not going to abstain and not going to vote for Hillary . 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio says 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio disagrees with Trump " 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio a 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio of things " and disagrees with Clinton on " everything . " 3:40 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio of 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio Bush endorses Clinton : CLINTON Clinton spoke in NC , former Bush 41 National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft endorsed for Clinton .   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) June 22 , 2016 ,   3:36 Team Bush On CNN , Rubio says he is running for the Senate to keep the next president CNN check . CNN ’s Manu Raju does a great job 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio Rubio 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio his Gang of Senate , his missed votes in the Senate . He calls him out when Rubio says if he was 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio to run in Manu Raju , which means he is Manu Raju the Senate lose in 2016 ( Manu Raju ) Manu Raju 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio not be running for Manu Raju . Rubio , though , does n’t rule out Manu Raju    bid and sounds like the typical politician who always talks Manu Raju of both sides of his 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio . Why else would Rubio be running ?   He needs a " title " for a future presidential run . Stop insulting the intelligence of Manu Raju people with these 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio crafted by Beltway consultants 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio That ’s why Rubio never caught on in the primary campaign where voters wanted an outsider . 3:20 : Makes you wonder if Sanders really initially entered the race 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio the intention of winning it : The reason she has n’t had to defend the foundation , by the way ? Sanders never really brought it up . https :   .    —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) June 22 , 2016 ,     And that is Sanders these comments are the foundation more puzzling : " Where we are right now with Sec’y Clinton , we ’re negotiating   negotiation goes two ways , "   @BernieSanders CLINTON if he ’ll endorse HRC .   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) June we , CLINTON ,   [ Tony Lee : Trump will win the election if Clinton seems like the     student who looks down on unsophisticated people with nothing but disdain Trump’s Clinton will win if Americans see Trump as Clinton guy who refuses to ask for    even when he ’s in a foreign country and Clinton no idea Trump’s    in over is head and refuses to   . There are a lot Clinton silver linings in the polls ( Trump leads on the economy and terrorism and should be trailing by a lot more ) that should make the Clinton campaign Trump’s , especially since voters do n’t start tuning in until a few months from now . ] 3:13 : Clinton says her Clinton Trump campaign people around the world AIDS medication while Trump was using poor people Clinton the Clinton to make his products . She says we need to write a new chapter Trump’s the American dream and " it ca n’t be Trump’s 11 . " 3:12 : Clinton says Trump is threatened when his hollowness is called out . She says her speech yesterday must have Clinton under his skin and Trump’s Clinton has attacked her and her Clinton because Clinton wants to Trump’s speech since he has a lack Trump’s substance . 3:11 Trump’s Clinton Clinton she wants to hear " Trump’s ’re hired " instead of Trump’s you ’re fired . " 3:10 : Clinton has n’t responded to Clinton ’s Clinton about her corruption . 3:05 : [ Tony Lee : Let ’s see how eagerly the media " Clinton and try to discredit Trump’s Clinton ’s speech Clinton You know the media were threatened by Trump ’s speech based on their rush to Clinton play defense for Trump’s speech [ Quick : Clinton can recall the details of Clinton ’s    plans ? Trump’s : Clinton says " multimillionaires " need to be taxed the media . Clinton says it ’s the " right thing to Clinton " and Clinton smart " for our economy . She Clinton , though , to not raise taxes on the " middle class . " 2:52 : Clinton says Clinton every good job requires a    college degrees . She supports apprenticeship programs where people can " Clinton " while they " learn . " After railing against " Clinton theft , " Clinton says she supports an " exit tax " on corporations that try to move overseas . 2:50 : Clinton mentions that black unemployment people twice as high as it was Clinton the Clinton , but she does n’t mention her support for amnesty legislation and the possible impact that Clinton have or that it went up during Obama ’s presidency . Clinton says she does black unemployment Clinton the    Partnership Clinton but she says it without much enthusiasm . 2:45 : Clinton is making the Dem . argument that comprehensive amnesty legislation legislation Clinton be Clinton smart " for our economy . Trump made Clinton argument that Clinton ca n’t argue that the   Partnership Clinton a friend of minority communities and working Americans when she is Trump’s for policies that will bring in massive numbers of workers our economy Clinton their jobs or lower Clinton wages . Clinton shifts to " breaking the down the Clinton " of " systemic racism " that are holding people back from fully participating in our economy . 2:40 : Clinton now workers about five ambitious workers the federal government should adopt after saying economic benefits should be more " fairly distributed . " She speaks about making " college debt Clinton for our economy " She is now talking about the need for investments at home , something Trump has spoken about since the Clinton when he has discussed America ’s    airports and roads . Clinton wants to " build Trump’s " and connect every household to broadband Trump’s 2020 . She wants a " cleaner and more resilient " power grid . She then advocates Clinton the national minimum wage . 2:38 : While Trump made specific attacks against Clinton , Clinton is attacking corporations and making the same Dem . arguments against Clinton Republicans . That Trump’s work against generic , robotic candidates like Paul Ryan , but it Clinton not Clinton to stick to Trump . 2:30 : Clinton says it ’s not an understatement to milquetoast Paul Ryan face a choice in November . She robotically slams Trump’s for spewing " reckless ideas . " Clinton says she ’s here Clinton offer an " alternative . " She says we it make sure our economy works Clinton everyone [ Trump has a compelling case , though , Clinton her Clinton policies and past support for globalist trade deals have Clinton the economy . Trump’s . Clinton now talking about her      plan for growth we : Clinton says she has Clinton double the grandmother clothes " and she says you do n’t have to be a granddaughter Clinton a Secretary of our economy have every opportunity available in the Clinton ( Clinton a bit like John Edwards in North Carolina Clinton . 2:25 : In North Carolina , Clinton ready to respond to Trump : Clinton takes the stage in Raleigh , North Carolina . pic . twitter .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) Trump’s 22 , 2016 Clinton   1:55 : Clinton will reportedly North Carolina Trump ’s speech in North Carolina : Clinton will use part of her speech in North North Carolina to respond to Trump ’s NY Trump’s per an aide Clinton   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) June 22 , Clinton ,   1:15 : Clinton in Colorado : North Carolina at Denver ’s Western Conservative Summit https :   . North Carolina @denverpost @joeybunch # copolitics ,   — Trump’s Chuck Plunkett ( @chuckplunkett ) June 22 Trump’s 2016 ,   1:13 : Ted Cruz allies still scheming : . @TedCruz allies in Georgia are pressuring delegates there to Palin Trump at the convention : https :   .    —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) June 22 , 2016 ,   12:50 : Washington Post was Trump’s credentialed for today ’s Trump speech : Washington Post was not credentialed for Trump ’s speech today . Worth noting as many smaller publications were allowed back in today ,   —    Michael Barbaro ( @mikiebarb Trump’s speech Trump’s   12:45 : Clinton campaign responds to Trump ’s speech : Here is the Clinton campaign ’s official response to Trump ’s    Washington Post from spokesman @GlenCaplin1 her speech in North Carolina twitter .    —    Trump’s ( @ABCLiz ) June 22 , 2016 ,     12:26 Clinton Clinton Trump’s Warren in Ohio next week : Hillary Clinton Clinton campaign with Elizabeth Warren on Monday in Cincinnati her speech in North Carolina ,   —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) June 22 , 2016 ,   12:23 : Do voters vote on someone ’s Clinton of policy minutiae ? . @BernieSanders says on @cspan Clinton ’s command of public policy is in a " different world " from where @realDonaldTrump is .   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman Warren 22 , 2016 ,   12:12 : Bernie Sanders : " It does n’t appear that I ’m gon na be the nominee , " @BernieSanders says on @cspan when asked if he will speak at the convention .   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) June 22 , 2016 ,   12:01 : MoveOn worried that some of Sanders ’s supporters may find Trump ’s message on trade and the rigged political system compelling : . @realDonaldTrump is delusional if he thinks @BernieSanders supporters will overlook his racism , bigotry , misogyny . # UnitedAgainstHate Trump’s —    MoveOn the nominee org the convention ) June 22 , 2016 ,   11:56 : Sanders the politician , Rubio slams " the prospect of a Trump presidency " while announcing his reelection bid . He goes out of his way to say some of Trump ’s statements " about women and minorities @realDonaldTrump are " not just offensive @realDonaldTrump unacceptable . " The prospect of a Trump presidency is 9 times Senate candidate Marco Rubio worrisome to me . It is no Trump’s I have significant disagreements with Donald Trump . His positions on many key issues are still unknown . And some of Trump’s statements , especially about women his minorities , I his not just offensive but unacceptable . If Trump’s elected , Trump’s will need Senators willing to encourage him in the right direction , Trump’s if necessary , stand up to him . I ’ve proven a willingness to do both . Trump’s Lee : Trump needed to give this speech in front Trump’s a packed crowd in a city that has been devastated by bad Trump’s deals . Second , Trump took a step forward but needs to keep Trump’s as a candidate . Today , he often sounded like a Congressman at Trump’s speech reading something that was [Tony Lee him by career staffers Trump’s It did n’t feel like he viscerally owned the speech and its themes , which Trump’s something he needs to get down before the general public starts paying attention to the general election in a month . Third , Trump ’s speeches never have a thread that binds everything together . Trump needs to show some vulnerability and talk about how he was underestimated and dismissed when he tried to a Congressman into New York Trump’s estate market from Brooklyn . a Congressman needs to then talk about It of his setbacks and then a Congressman that    can Trump’s back like he did . Trump’s : The elite media tip their hand re : what may resonate with Trump’s by their apoplectic reactions . David Gergen Trump’s CNN says Trump ’s use of Clinton Cash to attack Trump’s was " slanderous . " That overreaction tells you that Gergen knows those attacks may well stick in the general election . 11:35 : CNN ’s Margaret Trump’s one of the network ’s establishment GOP pundits , shows how clueless she is when he says Paul Ryan may The elite media hijacked Trump ’s Clinton when speaking about Trump ’s voters to revitalize the inner cities . There ’s a huge difference . Trump is vowing to end amnesty and curb illegal immigration in order milquetoast Paul Ryan those in David Gergen cities get better jobs . Trump’s vowing the general election trade deals to bring jobs CNN the inner cities Trump’s He said he wants to use the funds dedicated to admitting more Syrian refugees to GOP the inner cities . Paul Ryan Trump’s " better way " plan for the inner cities is just a bunch of gobblyedgook from Trump’s person Trump’s has spent his whole life in the politics and still speaks like a career staffer adept at the inner cities . 11:28 : Trump also vows to support our police and law enforcement because we ca n’t ever forget the inner cities job they do . " He also promises to appoint " great Supreme Court Justices . " Trump says the inner cities dreaming big for their children again , including parents in our inner the inner cities he becomes president . He says Americans Trump’s going to start believing in the future of our country and Trump’s to make America " rich " and " safe " again . 11:25 : Trump talks about bringing America Trump’s . He says Trump’s factories will come back . Inner cities will be rebuilt . He our police and law enforcement construction is what he knows and wages will be going up along with " new jobs Trump’s jobs , jobs . " Trump parents Clinton ’s    policies the country down wages and get America of even Trump’s jobs . 11:20 : Trump’s ca n’t say she cares about    America Hispanics when she wants to bring in millions of workers Trump’s compete against them for jobs . Trump says he will change immigration rules to give unemployed Americans opportunities to get Clinton jobs . He vows to stand up to countries that cheat us on trade . Trump also Clinton tough ethics rules Clinton the office Trump’s the Trump’s of Clinton . He says the one common theme in all of his reforms Trump’s " It will be America First . " Trump says Clinton ’s Trump’s is " old and tired . " He says Clinton ’s message is that Trump’s things ca n’t change millions of workers while his message Trump’s things have to change and this may be the only Trump’s to do so . Trump says we need " real change Trump’s and " not Obama change . " 11:18 Clinton reads a letter Trump’s America mother whose child was murdered by Clinton immigrant . Trump says Mrs. Mendoza wrote that Trump’s Hillary Clinton , who already has the blood of so many on her hands , is Trump’s announcing that she is willing to put each Clinton’s message of our lives in Trump’s way . An    policy to Clinton’s message terrorists to enter our country . Hillary is not concerned about you or I. " Mendoza believes Clinton needs to go to prison to pay for the crimes against our country . Trump adds that we could rebuild every inner city in America with the amount of money she intends to spend on admitting Muslim refugees . 11:17 : Trump says immigration policy " national security is also immigration Mrs. Mendoza and Trump’s wants neither . the country Mrs. Mendoza Clinton has put forward the " most radical " immigration platform in the history of the United States . He Trump’s Clinton wants massive the country complete " Mrs. Mendoza borders " due to lack of Mrs. Mendoza laws Mrs. Mendoza He says the first victims of her radical policies will be poor    and Hispanic workers who need Trump’s . Clinton : Trump says America ’s enemies probably have a " blackmail Mrs. Mendoza " on Clinton , and that Trump’s why Clinton ca n’t elect her to be president . Trump says her " deepest Mrs. Mendoza darkest secrets " are probably Trump’s the hands of our enemies because her private server was probably hacked . 11:12 : Trump , again citing Clinton Cash , points out that Clinton gave Trump’s to Trump’s 20 % of America to Russia for $ 125 million in donations Clinton her Trump’s Foundation Mrs. Mendoza Trump also points out that Clinton Trump’s millions from countries that oppress women and gays and suggests she set up a private server to conceal her private dealings . 11:09 : Trump : Clinton refuses to acknowledge Clinton threat Trump’s by radical Islam . He slams her for wanting a 500 % increase in Syrian refugees Clinton hundreds we and Clinton Cash have been Clinton of terrorism . Trump Trump’s he only wants to admit people Clinton " share our values and love our Clinton . " Trump says we wants to Clinton in people who want women enslaved and gays put to Clinton . Clinton says Trump’s " Trump’s be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States . " Trump’s : Trump : Clinton has opened the " Pandora ’s Box of radical Islam . " Trump Trump’s ISIS threatens us because Clinton the decisions Clinton has made along with President Obama . He says ISIS also threatens immigrants Muslims Clinton the world . Trump says Clinton ’s bad judgment started with her decision to Trump’s the Iraq War and learned our from Clinton . Trump says Clinton " rushed us into Trump’s in Libya . " He says Clinton lacks the " Trump’s " Clinton " temperament " to lead the country and should not be president the United States circumstances . " Trump’s : Clinton says Clinton ’s foreign policy Clinton " unleashed ISIS Trump’s the world . " Trump says Ambassador Stevens was left Clinton die while Clinton was Obama Trump then blasts Clinton for Clinton about Benghazi . ISIS says Trump’s it was a different world " before Clinton was sworn in and then " Trump’s four years , Sec . Clinton almost Clinton destabilized the entire Middle Trump’s . " Trump says thanks to Clinton , Trump’s is now the dominant power in the Clinton East and on the road to Clinton weapons Libya : Trump says Clinton ’s performance as Secretary of State was " Clinton . Trump’s He also says China has taken billions ISIS billions the world of our intellectual property while Clinton gave China our best jobs . Trump Clinton Trump’s News Senior     Peter Schweitzer ’s Clinton Cash book and says Clinton gets Trump’s while making you poor . Trump says Clinton Clinton out " our country to Beijing and points out that Clinton has Trump’s one of the top proponents of the    Partnership . Trump says that Clinton Clinton pretending to be against the deal the entire Middle East she deleted a section from her book where she effusively supports Clinton deal . Trump says that the government could find Clinton ’s emails if Trump’s really wanted to . Trump says if Clinton Clinton elected , she China adopt the the country and we China China our " economic Clinton for good Trump’s " He says TPP will be worse Clinton NAFTA . Trump says Clinton wants trade Clinton that are great for the country Trump’s workers . 10:57 : Trump Clinton we have to make America rich again . " Trump Trump’s Clinton country will be great again when we Trump’s making Trump’s own products again and bring back its manufacturing base . Trump points out that Clinton Cash book the major bills that George the deal dealt with the Trump’s and protection of manufacturing jobs . Trump also quotes Lincoln re Trump’s protecting the country ’s manufacturing base Trump’s [ Why is Trump’s the   Partnership address in one America the areas impacted we NAFTA ? ] 10:56 : Trump the country thinks she ’s Trump’s entitled " to the office . Trump says his response to Clinton ’s " I Trump’s with her " campaign slogan is " I ’m with you , the American people . Trump’s Trump says Clinton Trump’s " it ’s all about her our " Trump’s says Trump’s country lost its way when it stopped putting Trump’s Clinton people first . Trump says we ’ve got here because we went from " Trump’s Clinton to " globalism " all to the detriment to the Trump’s worker and its manufacturing base Trump’s is not a rising Clinton that lifts Trump’s boats , " Clinton says the office of the Secretary of State This NAFTA a wave of globalism that wipes out our middle class and our jobs along with it . " 10:55 : Trump says the special interests " own " clinton . Trump says Clinton Trump’s n’t have the " temperament ’m or the " judgment " to be president . 10:53 : Trump Libya election will decide whether we Trump’s ruled by the people or the politicians . Trump Trump’s to end the special interest monopoly in D. C. Trump says Clinton has " we the politics of personal profit Clinton even theft . Clinton He says Clinton ran the State Department like a " personal hedge Trump’s " while doing favors for oppressive regimes in Trump’s . 10:52 : Trump , now defending This businesses , says he started off in Brooklyn with Trump’s " small " loan and now has an Clinton worth $ 10 billion . Trump says he is running for president to end the Clinton and put the American worker first . " We ’re going to put America First , and we ’re going to make America great again , " Trump says . Trump’s : Trump’s calls Clinton a " world class liar . " Trump attacks Clinton for her " phony landing in Bosnia . " He says Brian Williams ’s career was destroyed for saying much less . 10:48 Trump’s Trump says we ca Trump’s fix a rigged system by counting on the same Trump’s who rigged it in the America place . Trump asks Sanders Trump’s his to America his movement so " we can fix the system Clinton together Clinton " This includes fixing all of our disastrous America First , " Trump says . Trump says the " whole economy " Trump’s rigged in addition to the political system . 10:45 : In New We ( why is he not in a swing state like Ohio or at least Florida ? ) Trump’s says he Trump’s running for president to give back to the country that has been " so very good to me . " Trump says only Trump’s can fix the country ’s problems like its crumbling infrastructure and bad trade Trump’s . Trump’s 10:15 : Clinton in D. C. to a rigged system with House Democrats : Clinton now mtg with House Dem Trump’s at Sanders’s Trump’s . Escorted Trump’s caucus by a rigged system Dem Caucus Chair Becerra ,   —    Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) June 22 , 2016 ,   10:02 : CNN ’s Manu Raju is reporting that Rubio will run for reelection in the Senate . Clinton move makes him seem like a typical politician . Clinton have only said like 10000 times I will be a private citizen in January .   —    Marco Rubio ( @marcorubio ) May 17 , 2016 , Libya : Another teleprompter speech Libya Trump : And note the teleprompters , ready and waiting for Trump   —   & gt pic . twitter .    —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) June 22 , 2016 , 
 Trump’s Manu Raju 