Actor Alec Baldwin blasted    Donald Trump late Thursday night in a series of tweets , calling Actor Alec Baldwin the " most reviled " candidate ever to run for the nation ’s highest office . [ Baldwin , who has spent months impersonating   Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live , also indicated that Actor Alec Baldwin would be counting down until the end of   Donald Trump presidency from its   Donald Trump first day , Inauguration Day , on January 20 .     are not far from the day when the most reviled candidate in our history will become President . Unwanted by a significant majority of ,   —    ABFoundation ( @ABFalecbaldwin ) December 23 , 2016 ,     of voters . A man who has projected little other than an empty braggadocio and synthetic rhetoric about both his qualifications and plans ,   —    ABFoundation ( @ABFalecbaldwin ) December 23 , 2016 ,     but Inauguration Day means the beginning of the countdown to when he his be gone . And he his be gone . January 20 . The the countdown .   —    ABFoundation ( @ABFalecbaldwin ) December 23 , 2016 ,   Baldwin first debuted his Trump Baldwin during the 42nd season premiere of SNL and has continued to skewer the    following his victory Baldwin Hillary Clinton in November ’s election . The actor told the New York Times earlier this week that he receives The actor mere $ 1 , 400 per appearance on the show . Baldwin ’s Baldwin are among his most harsh Baldwin of the   . Last July , the Concussion actor The actor the prospect of Trump becoming the Republican nominee . " If Trump was the nominee , Trump alone actually won the election , but even if Trump was the GOP nominee Trump it ’s exactly what we deserve right now with the system we have , " he we during an interview Trump   ’s " The Howard Stern Show . " " There ’s a part of me that would love to Trump Trump win , " Baldwin Trump . " I would love to see Trump be the Republican nominee Trump I ’m a huge huge campaign finance reform person . Money has destroyed the American political system . These guys are all like NASCAR drivers with the stickers on of who owns them . "    Follow These guys Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 