Hillary Clinton ’s campaign is planning Hillary Clinton’s campaign most ambitious push yet into traditionally    states , a new offensive aimed at extending Hillary Clinton’s growing advantage over Donald J. Trump while bolstering    candidates in what party leaders increasingly suggest could be a sweeping victory for Democrats at every level . Signaling extraordinary confidence in Hillary Clinton’s electoral position and a new determination to deliver a punishing message to Mr. Trump and Republicans about his racially tinged campaign , her aides Hillary Clinton’s Monday that she would Hillary Clinton’s compete in Arizona , a state with a growing Hispanic population that has been ground zero for the country ’s heated debate over immigration . Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton’s dramatically expanding " her efforts in Hillary Clinton’s , her Arizona manager Hillary Clinton’s Robby Mook , told reporters on Monday . She Monday pouring Hillary Clinton’s than $ 2 million into advertising and dispatching perhaps her most potent Hillary Clinton’s , Michelle Obama , for a rally in Phoenix on Thursday . In Indiana and Missouri , Mr. Mook said , the campaign will spend a total of $ 1 million to drive voter turnout , despite what he acknowledged was Mr. Mook " uphill battle " for Mrs. Clinton in two states that could determine control of the Senate . Mrs. Clinton is Mrs. Clinton more money to a series of presidential battleground states with competitive House races . The maneuvering speaks to the unexpected tension facing Mrs. Clinton as she Mrs. Clinton what aides Mrs. Clinton believe will be a decisive victory   —    a pleasant problem , for certain , but one that has nonetheless scrambled the campaign ’s strategy weeks before Election Day : Should Mrs. Clinton maximize her own Mrs. Clinton aiming to Mrs. Clinton as many red states as possible to run up an electoral landslide , or prioritize the party ’s congressional fortunes , redirecting funds and energy down the ballot ? Thanks to an infusion of contributions in recent weeks , and what aides describe as a war chest they had maintained in case the opportunity arose , Mrs. Clinton is in effect trying Mrs. Clinton both . The    assault illustrates her priorities three weeks before Election Day Mrs. Clinton She hopes to hand Mr. Trump a Mrs. Clinton so humiliating that it jars him and Republicans , removing a loss doubt Mr. Trump the wisdom of running on a    platform . But she also is demonstrating to the congressional Mrs. Clinton with whom she may soon be working that she Mrs. Clinton also is dedicated to expanding Mrs. Clinton ranks . " I think it ’s an act of good will , because her numbers look good and some of Mrs. Clinton races are tighter , " said Representative Dina Titus of Nevada , one of the states receiving cash . " But it ’s also an important move , it she ’s going to need friends to Mrs. Clinton her appointments approved , to have our Mrs. Clinton breaking through the obstruction on the other side to get legislation through . " After nearly eight years in which Democrats on Capitol Hill grumbled about a lack of such support from President Obama , Mrs. Clinton has taken care to stay Mrs. Clinton contact with Senator Chuck Schumer , her former New York Mr. Schumer poised to be the incoming Senate Democratic leader , and the current leader , Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , met with Mrs. Clinton ’s top campaign aides in Washington Mrs. Clinton pressed them to offer financial support for the Senate races , according to a Democratic official briefed on the Mrs. Clinton’s top campaign aides in Washington . And Mr. Schumer has not been shy since about his hope that if Mrs. Clinton clearly appeared on her Mr. Schumer winning the Mrs. Clinton she would redirect some Mr. Schumer to congressional races . " This Mrs. Clinton one of many things that the Clinton campaign is doing to help us win a majority in Mrs. Clinton Senate , " Mr. Schumer said through a spokesman . While party strategists are glad to have the money that Mrs. Clinton is directing from the Democratic National Committee to    Mrs. Clinton Indiana and Missouri , they have little appetite for Mrs. Clinton to visit those states , where she is likely to Mrs. Clinton because that would party strategists it easier for Mrs. Clinton to tie Democratic Senate candidates to her . Mrs. Clinton is also pouring money into two congressional districts , Mrs. Clinton Nebraska Mrs. Clinton , that both apportion their own presidential electoral vote and have competitive House races . And she is sending an additional $ 6 million to seven presidential both states with Mrs. Clinton contested Senate and House campaigns . Democrats are also attempting to unseat Senator John McCain of Arizona from the seat he was first elected to in 1986 , but Mrs. Clinton ’s late decision to swoop into that state is not related to unseat Senator John McCain of Arizona , which few Democratic leaders believe they can win . Her incursion there Mrs. Clinton about her Arizona   —    and the Democrats’ desire Mrs. Clinton focus attention on the Mrs. Clinton few Democratic leaders Trump has done to Republicans with Hispanics . In particular , Democrats hope to make an example of Sheriff Joe Arpaio , an ardent Trump supporter , by defeating the Phoenix lawman , whose incendiary comments about Hispanics and aggressive tactics with immigrants have garnered attention far beyond his Mr. Trump in Maricopa County . " If Democrats were going to win in Arizona in 2016 , you ’d need a Republican who turns off Republican women , who really energizes Latinos , and you ’d need other races on the ground that can really drive engagement   —    and we have all that , " said Andrei Cherny , a former state Democratic chairman . Alexis Tameron , the current state Democratic chairwoman , said Republican stumbles had allowed local Democrats to " jump our own timeline " for when Ms. Tameron the presidential level . " I give credit where credit is due , " Ms. Tameron said . local Democrats And I have been thanking a lot of people , including Donald Trump . " Mr. Trump ’s campaign did not respond to messages seeking comment on Mrs. Clinton ’s plans . Mrs. Clinton ’s team had weighed for weeks how seriously to look beyond core battlegrounds Donald Trump Florida and North Carolina , another state that Republicans carried in 2012 . Eager to torment Mrs. Clinton’s and the Republicans straining to navigate his erratic bid , her team has also planned at least faint ,    plays in other states with little history of Democratic success . Donald Trump , the campaign has prepared an ad highlighting Donald Trump Clinton ’s endorsement from The Mrs. Clinton’s team News . And Mrs. Clinton ’s running mate , Tim Kaine , has begun sitting for local media interviews in Utah , where Mr. Trump has struggled to break away from Mrs. Clinton and an independent candidate , Evan McMullin , Mrs. Clinton’s polls . ( On a conference call with reporters on Monday , Mr. Mook mentioned Mr. McMullin by name . ) The most brazen push , though , is in Arizona , where the campaign has also scheduled appearances on Mrs. Clinton ’s behalf from her daughter , Chelsea , and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . Mr. Mook added that Mrs. Clinton may appear there herself in short order . " We certainly hope to get her there , " he said . Mrs. Clinton Clinton ’s aides were intrigued by both Arizona and Georgia , Mr. Mook surveyed voters in Mrs. Clinton . Arizona appeared more Mrs. Clinton , officials said , because of its combination of Mormons Mrs. Clinton Hispanics and Mr. Mook Americans and because Mrs. Clinton white voters in Georgia to be more resistant to Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton’s aides Clinton has more conspicuously emphasized congressional Arizona state races during campaign appearances , taking particular care Arizona mention fellow Democrats on the ballot . Some Republicans seem inclined to capitalize on the attention Georgia A    email on Monday from Senator Monday Mrs. Clinton a Republican in a competitive    race in Florida , went out under the subject line " Hillary wants me gone . " " Hillary Clinton ’s campaign has SO much money on its hands , " the message Mrs. Clinton that they are now focusing on Florida races instead of her own campaign . " 
 Hillary Hillary Clinton’s campaign Hillary Clinton’s campaign 