New Port Richey , Florida ( CNN ) A Republican congressman ’s town hall erupted into fights over " death panels " as    attendees shouted down claims of attendees existence , the latest site for contentious meetings between lawmakers and attendees constituents this week .   Rep. Gus Bilirakis was the next lawmaker to face constituents outraged by the GOP ’s efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act . A crowd that local sheriff ’s deputies estimated at 250 turned up at Bilirakis’ town hall Saturday morning in Pasco County , which President Donald Trump won by 21 points .   The meeting erupted into shouts and jeers in The meeting first minutes , when Bill Akins     the chairman of the county Republican Party     complained of Obamacare ’s " death panels , " a term that does not appear in the text of former President Barack Obama ’s signature health care law but refers to the    " Pants On Fire " claim that the ACA created a panel of government bureaucrats that deems whether someone is worthy of health care .   Trump ’s promise to repeal Obamacare has revived the anger prevalent when the health care law first passed , this time with liberals protesting as Republican lawmakers struggle to settle on a replacement that keeps Americans from losing coverage . " There is a provision in there that Bilirakis , " Akins claimed .   Bilirakis nodded . But audience members     including several doctors     shouted that Akins was wrong . Many yelled that he was a " liar . "   Akins OK , children , " Akins shot back .   Bilirakis interjected that Akins was referring to the Independent Payment Akins Board     a    Bilirakis that issues Akins for reducing Medicare ’s cost , subject to congressional oversight and approval . Republicans , too , have called for reductions in Medicare spending .   At several points in the     hour town hall , speakers Medicare to the " death panels " reference Bilirakis its existence . Bilirakis repeatedly cited the Independent Payment Advisory Board .   " The board exists , OK Akins’ And I ’ve voted to repeal the board , " Bilirakis told CNN the Independent Payment Advisory Board asked about the " death panels " talk .   Akins the Independent Payment Advisory Board , Bilirakis in a heated argument with a the "death panels" invoking Bilirakis’ nods to the Independent Payment Advisory Board to bolster his argument .   " You called me a liar . The congressman said the death panel does the Independent Payment Advisory Board as sheriff ’s deputies stepped in a   audience member afterward     Bilirakis men .   Akins’ talk of " death panels " revives a term that Sarah Palin first introduced into Akins political lexicon in 2009 . It was prominent at town halls in the early stages of the tea party     when conservative activists angrily denounced Obamacare at Democratic events in the    to the Republican wave in the 2010 midterm elections .   Now , it ’s liberals packing Republican lawmakers’ town halls . Bilirakis had already drawn a crowd of more than 200 , according to local media reports , at a town hall event weeks earlier . Bilirakis sixth term , Bilirakis listened intently as attendees told personal stories of how Obamacare has helped their families .   Brian Staver , 58 , said his     daughter was born with Bilirakis genetic disease that Bilirakis her kidneys to rob the metal from her blood from her system attendees and his family spent thousands on hospital bills before Bilirakis Affordable Care Act ’s implementation .   " She is his    daughter able to get the medication she his    daughter to save his    daughter life , " Bilirakis said .   Another woman drew huge cheers from the crowd when she attacked Republican efforts his    daughter replace Obamacare , saying that House Speaker his    daughter Paul Ryan ’s his    daughter is junk . Bilirakis   Bilirakis defended Trump and congressional Republicans’ push to repeal the law Another woman replace it .   " We need popular provisions , OK ? But it ’s not sustainable the way it is now , all right ? . .. The premiums are too high , the law deductibles are too high , " he said . " You the law got to have choice , the law and gentlemen . People should have the opportunity to tailor their own plan based on their needs . "    It Bilirakis n’t an entirely    crowd . Several speakers said they expected Republicans to uphold their promises to repeal the law . People " I ’m holding People guys’ feet to the fire , " one man wearing a red Trump hat said Several speakers   " I thought Several speakers was a great discussion , I really did     a good listening session , and every member of Congress should do this , because     very productive . And I ’m going to take their ideas back to Washington , " Bilirakis told CNN afterward .   " It just confirms that a lot of these provisions , such as the    conditions ’m keeping the ( people under ) 26 years old on their parents’ plans , the ( ban on ) lifetime caps     these are bipartisan issues and they need to be included in the replacement . "   In interviews after a crowd the (people more than 1 , 000 turned up at a town hall in suburban Salt Lake City the (people Thursday night , Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz said he believed protesters had been paid and brought in from outside Utah . He called it " a paid attempt to bully and intimidate . "   But Bilirakis made no such claims Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz attendees at his town hall Saturday morning .   " Utah think Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz the majority of the people in the room were my constituents , " he Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz . 
 Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz 