Monday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh commented on    Donald Trump ’s departure from norms , including his use of Twitter to communicate to the American people .   According to conservative talker Rush Limbaugh ,   Donald Trump use of social media is an example of his playing by a new set of rules , which has upset many of those in the media and that it suggests that Trump   Donald Trump on offense , unlike other Republicans in positions of power in the past . Partial transcript as follows ( courtesy of RushLimbaugh . com ) : The the media also writing of their outrage the media the frequency with which Donald   Donald Trump .   Leftists , Democrats , communists alike are all saying that what Trump is   Donald Trump on Twitter is an outrage . It ’s not presidential , it ’s beneath It dignity of the office , it ’s embarrassing It it ’s humiliating It we are becoming a laughingstock .   A president who gets up at five in the morning and starts tweeting . You know what Trump says   Donald Trump it ?   Trump sent   Donald Trump tweet out just a little while ago this morning .   He said   Donald Trump " If the press would cover me accurately and honorably , I would have far less reason to tweet .   Sadly , I do n’t know if that ’ll ever happen . "   He ’s   Donald Trump right about that .   If the press would the press would cover me accurately and honorably have to tweet .   He ’s   Donald Trump to correct the lies and the dishonesty in the    Media about him .   Donald Trump talked to him on   Donald Trump program about three weeks before the election . At that time he was   Donald Trump a lot and reacting to every bit of criticism no matter where it came from .   And people on his side   Donald Trump his supporters   Donald Trump supposedly even some in his inner   Donald Trump were saying publicly that they were trying to get him to   Donald Trump doing this , his supporters and supposedly even some in his inner circle you ca n’t respond to every bit of criticism , just do n’t do it .   All you ’re doing is elevating it , all you ’re doing is amplifying it .   it everybody hears every instance of criticism , it Trump , they were saying , just ignore it , move on . his supporters and supposedly even some in his inner circle I asked him about it it   He said ( paraphrasing ) " Mr. Trump , it ’re right Mr. Trump My advisers are telling me exactly that , Rush , they ’re telling me to ignore it .   But I My advisers n’t .   I ’m it gon na sit here and let my family be dishonored . I ’m not gon na let myself , my family be lied about and I ’m not Mr. Trump na my family lies take root and become established as truth .   I do n’t care .   I do n’t care what they say is the right way to do this , I ’m my family gon na let it happen .   When people lie about me , when people wound me , when people attack me Mr. Trump I ’m gon na fire right back at ’em , I do n’t care .   And my advisers are trying to get me to stop , and My advisers ca n’t . " That ’s why he continues to tweet , and his tweets are effectively going around a dishonest media to inform and connect he everyday Americans .   He ’s also conducting negotiations with his tweets by informing people what he he doing .   And by his tweets , by tweeting in he unpresidential way , not seen anything like this , it ’s just not how it ’s done , Trump is also capturing the this idea of unpredictability , this makes Trump a never ending    news story and has his adversaries always on defense Trump think this is one of the reasons why Trump ’s supporters love him so much , and it ’s one of the characteristics Trump a lot of Trump comment on .   this people on our side   —    and by " our side , " I mean , conservatives , some Republicans   —    admit it our folks , we ’ve grown tired and weary of being on defense all the time .   We our tired of getting up every morning and looking at either a person or an idea , something that we hold dear under assault , like marriage , or who can use whatever bathrooms , We ’re tired of being on defense , we ’re tired having to defend things that should n’t need to be defended because they We under assault . Well , Trump is not on defense , folks .   We are on offense with Donald Trump .   And that ’s one of the big We unspoken reasons why he Trump loyalty is because people who support him are just like a lot of you Trump this audience , fed up with being on Trump and being on a team that never fought back , much less went on offense .   But these tweets and this erratic or unpredictable behavior keeps Trump ’s opponents on defense , and , believe me , it is a delight to see Trump Another thing that Trump is doing with these tweets , he ’s leading .   And because he ’s leading , Trump ’s holding everybody ’s attention . Trump What will Trump do next ? Trump What will Trump Trump next ?   Nobody ’s asking , what ’s Trump gon na do next , what Trump Harry Reid ?   You know , we ’re not steeling ourselves for what assault is coming at us next .   We ’re all looking on eagerly : we What ’s Trump gon na do we ?   How we he gon na bamboozle ’em next ?   How Trump Trump gon na    ’em next ?   Trump ’s what ’s everybody excited about here . And Trump ’s great to see people like Christiane Amanpour or Andrea Mitchell , NBC News , Washington , or any of these other    look like old men shouting , " Get off my lawn ! " to Donald Trump . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 Trump 