Donald J. Trump on Tuesday assailed Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Supreme Court for speaking out on the presidential race , calling Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Supreme Court disdainful remarks about Donald J. Trump candidacy " highly inappropriate " and suggesting that Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Supreme Court owed other justices an apology . Donald J. Trump ’s remarks came in a telephone interview with The Times two days after Justice Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Supreme Court as saying she was Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Supreme Court about what the nation would look like if he were Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Supreme Court . " I ca n’t imagine what this place would be   —    I ca n’t imagine what the country the nation   —    with Donald Donald J. Trump our president , " Justice Ginsburg told Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Supreme Court an The Times Sunday . " For the country , it could be the nation . For the court , it could be   —    I it n’t even want to contemplate that . " She even joked ruefully about moving to New Zealand . Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee Mr. Trump a member of the high court . " Mr. Trump think the court inappropriate that a United States Supreme Court judge gets involved in a those remarks unbefitting a member of the high court campaign , frankly , " Mr. Trump said . " I think it ’s a disgrace to the court and I think she should apologize to the court those remarks unbefitting a member of the high court I could n’t She it when I the court . " He continued : " the court she should be the court that ? It ’s so beneath the She Mr. Trump her to be making the court like that . Mr. Trump energizes my She even more . And I would hope that she would get off the court as soon as possible . " She Trump also said the court to announce his choice of a running mate by Friday , winding down a process that has Mr. Trump closely watched as Mr. Trump all likelihood the most significant decision he will make in his campaign . " I have five candidates , plus two , two that are Mr. Trump to anybody , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said from Chicago , where he was raising money for his campaign . " I will be Mr. Trump decision over the next    to Mr. Trump period of time , his campaign think it will be a decision that will be a very good decision for a lot of people , " he added . Mr. Trump said that he was not basing his    selection on    prowess or potential , Mr. Trump indicated that he had had enough experience Mr. Trump many of those Mr. Trump has been considering    the job that their tryouts on the Mr. Trump trail would not necessarily be determinative . " Mr. Trump ’ve been with these people for a those he has been considering for the job time   —    I know them , " Mr. Trump said , specifically invoking Gov. those he has been considering for the job of New Jersey and Newt Gingrich , the former House those he has been considering for the job . " Christie was excellent yesterday and Newt is excellent . " Mr. Trump will appear on Tuesday night in Indiana with Gov. Mike Chris Christie , who has risen in the estimation of many Mr. Trump nominee ’s advisers . Mr. Trump said his decision was largely coming down to instinct . " A lot of is gut . A lot of it Mr. Trump " he Mr. Trump . " My whole life has been about gut . " He also suggested that he would consider polling in states like Mr. Trump Democratic Connecticut , which he again said he believed he could put Mr. Trump play in November Mr. Trump Asked for quick thoughts about each of the candidates he is Mr. Trump to be Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump Trump played along . Governor Christie ? " Strong , " he said . Retired Lt Mr. Trump Gen. Mike Flynn ? " A patriot . " Senator Joni Ernst of Iowa ? " A terrific Governor Christie exciting person . " Governor Pence ? " Solid as a rock . " And Mr. Gingrich ? " Newt is Newt . He ’s a good guy . " 
 Newt Newt 