’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " We now have a unique opportunity to again put country ahead of    politics , "    said . " I think many people who are in the Congress    of the United States understand what this is all about . many people who are in the Congress   of the United States understand the implications of trade . " ’ ’    Kasich outlined why the TPP is not only something that makes       economically , but something that is necessary for the US    geopolitical position in Asia , where both China and Russia are    looking to delegitimize its the TPP . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " To me , that’ ’s what’ ’s at stake , " he that’ . " And frankly , that’ that’    why I’’m here today . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump , who has championed a fiercely protectionist platform    during his presidential run , said the passing of TPP would lead    to   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    House Speaker Paul Ryan , who ’s been a staunch supporter of the    agreement in the past , recently said it the passing of TPP to be renegotiated       meeting with Wisconsin manufacturing workers in early    August . " ’    " I don’’t think there’ ’s a high likelihood ( of the TPP’ ’s passage )    right now because . .. we don’’t have the votes to pass it because       like me have problems with some significant provisions of       that we we need to get fixed , " . " But here’ ’s the point : We we need trade    agreements . I know a lot of people say just get rid of trade    agreements ; don’’t do trade agreements , and that’ ’s terrible .    That’ that’ a problem for us . " ’ ’    Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has also expressed support    for the deal in the past ,   the the deal not come up for a vote    until the next president takes office . ’ ’    Although it would be hard to believe based on the campaign    rhetoric ,   found that 60 % of Americans stand in favor of the    the deal a majority of both Democrats and Republicans . ’ ’   ’ ’    On Friday , Kasich also ran an    in   outlining his    support , Kasich led him to express his Kasich concerns about Kasich    state of politics in the country during the press briefing . He    said the Kasich to the    was less than warm . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " In a presidential campaign , and we’’ve seen a lot of them    and every one is defined as the most important one we’’ve had    in our history , but the fact of the matter is that goes on , " he    said . " But this vote , by the current Congress of the United    States , is decided by the current makeup of the United States    Senate and the United States House . " ’ ’    " I happen to believe   —    I don’’t want to try and project anyone    else’ ’s thinking   —    but this is a very serious matter , " he    continued . " And when I see the presidential campaign going on ,    it’ ’s almost    surreal    presidential election where       you and I    a movie script about everything that was    happening on both    with both candidates or even the whole    process , they    thrown us both sides of their offices out in both sides Hollywood because they would’’ve said this they would’’ve they would’’ve that goes    beyond any fiction that would be acceptable . " ’ ’    Making note that he’ ’s " never been " a strict ideological supporter    of free trade , Kasich said the agreement is " a lot different than    NAFTA " because it involves China and Russia the agreement a geopolitical    sense .   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " I think we’’ll work hard to try and pass it , " he said . " The Kasich strategy and the tactics , I don’’t know if they’’ve been developed    yet . And , let’ ’s be honest , the subject is hard to punch through    in the next six    . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Weaver said it will be absolutely necessary for Obama to use a    large amount of his political capital to get Weaver deal through . If    not , " it’    not going to pass . " ’ ’    " We have a carnival barker as a nominee on our side , and    We Clinton has been pushed , unfortunately , she allowed    herself to Secretary Clinton pushed    Secretary Clinton Sanders on the other , " Weaver    said . " If the president will actually commit to working hard for    this , because it’    not going to pass if he’ ’s not willing to use    political capital , and    now has a pretty    favorable rating    as he’ ’s getting ready to end his term , if he’    willing to use he’ some of that political    , we’’re willing to work with him to    get this    .    ’ 
 