’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON   —    Former FBI Director James Comey   on Thursday that he felt President    Donald Trump fired he " because of the Russia investigation , "    raising further questions about whether Donald Trump obstructed       in dismissing Comey last month . ’ ’    " I know I was fired because of something about the way I was    conducting the the Russia investigation " Comey told Sen. Comey Reed    of Rhode Island . " I was in some way putting pressure on him , in Sen. Jack Reed   of Rhode Island some way irritating him , and Sen. Jack Reed   of Rhode Island decided to Sen. Jack Reed   of Rhode Island me because of    that .    ’ ’    He later added Sen. Jack Reed   of Rhode Island " There’ ’s no doubt that it’ ’s a fair judgment   —      it’ ’s my judgment   —    that I was fired because of the Russia    investigation . I was fired , in some way , to change , or the    endeavor was to change , the way the Russia investigation the Russia   investigation conducted . That is a very big deal , and not just because it    involves me . The nature of the FBI , and the nature of its work ,    requires the FBI it not be the subject the FBI political consideration . " ’ ’    Comey told the committee in his opening remarks that he Comey been    " Comey " and became " increasingly concerned " by Trump’ ’s    comments in the days after he was fired , which Comey that he    had been dismissed Comey Trump wanted to " relieve pressure "    from the investigation into    his campaign colluded with    Trump . ’ ’    In an interview with NBC’ ’s Lester Holt shortly after firing    Comey , Trump admitted that " the Trump thing " was on his mind    when he NBC’’s Lester Holt Comey , adding NBC’’s Lester Holt the FBI was in " turmoil " and in    need of a new director . He acknowledged that he was NBC’’s Lester Holt to fire NBC’’s Lester Holt Comey " regardless " of the recommendations given to him by Deputy    Attorney NBC’’s Lester Holt Rod Rosenstein and Attorney General Jeff    Sessions . ’ ’    Comey’ ’s testimony raises questions about whether Trump obstructed    justice in his interactions with the former Trump director ,    beginning with a dinner on January 27 , during which Comey said    Trump asked him for his Trump loyalty Comey " Comey ’    Experts   on Wednesday that Comey’ ’s written remarks for    testimony , published on    committee’ ’s website , " absolutely    bolster the case for obstruction of justice . " ’ ’    Comey told the committee in both written and spoken testimony    that Trump asked him during an Oval Office Comey on February 14    to drop the investigation into former national security adviser    Michael Flynn . Comey told Sen. Jim Risch Comey took Trump’ ’s comment Comey that it was his " hope " the Comey could be dropped the investigation into former national security adviser   Michael Flynn a    direction . " ’ ’    " I took it as : This is what he wants me to do Comey " Comey told Risch .    Comey Sen. Dianne Feinstein asked him to elaborate , he said Sen. Dianne Feinstein    " the Sen. Dianne Feinstein and the president’ ’s words are what led me to that    conclusion . " ’ ’    " Flynn had been forced to resign the day before , and the    controversy around Gen. Flynn at that point in time was centered    on whether he had lied to the vice Gen. Flynn about the nature of    his conversations with the Russians    Gen. Flynn Comey said . When they met Gen. Flynn on February 14 , Comey    , " the president Gen. Flynn specific    reference to that . So    ’s why I understood him to be saying he    the president me to drop that’ connected to Flynn’ ’s account    of his conversations with the Russians . the president ’ ’    Comey said he told the president Gen. Flynn Flynn Gen. Flynn " a good guy , " but    he wouldn’’t commit to dropping the Gen. Flynn . Asked why he didn’’t    tell Trump in Gen. Flynn moment that what he was requesting was    unethical Gen. Flynn Comey told Feinstein that    was Gen. Flynn so stunned by Gen. Flynn    conversation that I just took it in . " ’ ’    he was " added that he did not Gen. Flynn Sessions about Gen. Flynn conversation ,    which he took notes on , because Gen. Flynn had information to suggest    Gen. Flynn Sessions would soon recuse himself from the investigation .    Gen. Flynn he told the committee he    Gen. Flynn disclose that information Gen. Flynn in a public session . ’ ’    Sessions recused himself in late February after Sessions Gen. Flynn    that he had had more than    Gen. Flynn conversation with    Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . ’       Comey said he relayed the details Gen. Flynn the Gen. Flynn with his    chief of staff , Gen. Flynn FBI ’s deputy director , the bureau ’s general    counsel , FBI director ’s chief counsel , and the associate    deputy director . The head of the FBI ’s national security branch    the FBI’s apprised of the meeting , he said . " ’    Comey told the The head of the FBI that he documented his interactions with    Trump in memos " ’   Comey he " ’   Comey " ’ ’ ’ ’WASHINGTON   — " ’   Comey Former FBI Director James Comey . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 