A Villanova University student has asked police to drop police investigation into an incident in which A Villanova University student alleged A Villanova University student was attacked by white male    Donald Trump supporters . [ An    female student at Villanova University alleged in a hate    story that after Trump ’s victory against Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , a group of white men knocked her A Villanova University student the ground as they white men " Trump , " Philly . com reported .   Last month , the An   female student at the university the local police department to shut down the investigation into the incident , yet police did not reveal the reason for her A Villanova University student . Villanova University campus police say the student An   female student at the university asking them to drop Villanova University campus police investigation into the alleged incident the incident " It was hard to move forward , being that the student did An   female student at the university to pursue the matter , " a Villanova campus police spokesman told the local paper . The spokesman would not say why a Villanova campus police spokesman student would not cooperate with campus police and why she did not want to pursue the a Villanova campus police spokesman . Similar stories brought the investigation into the alleged incident by college students have ended with the student being charged An   female student at the university hate crime complaints . In one incident , a Muslim student at the University of Lafayette in Louisiana filed a police report in which she said she was attacked by white male Trump a Muslim student at the University of Lafayette in Louisiana and a Muslim student at the University of Lafayette in Louisiana her hijab ripped from her head . The student a Muslim student at the University of Lafayette in Louisiana the story and a Muslim student at the University of Lafayette in Louisiana subsequently charged a Muslim student at the University of Lafayette in Louisiana a fake police report , as Breitbart Texas reported . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas John Binder 