Donald Trump will campaign with potential running mate Mike Pence tonight . Paul Ryan will also hold a town hall event about the 2016 election . Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates .   All times eastern .   —    9:55 : Paul Ryan says today ’s Dem . Party is not the party of the 1990s of balancing the budget and welfare reform . Paul Ryan says it has moved far to the left and is the    party of Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders . [ it certainly is n’t the party of Al From ’s DLC that wanted to become more centrist . ] Ryan : There was " a little more overlap " between the two parties in the 1990s https :   .   # RyanTownHall https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) July 13 , 2016 ,   9:50 : Ryan says it is not Ryan job to tell delegates what to do . Ryan says it is his job to enforce the rules as Chairman , whatever those rules are . Ryan says Ryan will not put Ryan thumb on the scale . Steve Lonegan asks Ryan if he Steve Lonegan vote of conscience . " It is not my job to tell delegates   …     how to run their delegates   . " # RyanTownHall ,   —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) July 13 , 2016 ,   9:45 : Another    questioner asks Ryan about the " autopsy " report and asks why Ryan as a black woman should continue to support the Republican Party [ Hillary Clinton could not have picked better questioner . ] Ryan gives her Hillary Clinton lecture on natural rights . Ryan wants her Hillary Clinton " look at our plan on welfare reform . " Ryan talks about getting the cronyism out of the IRS . Ryan says our government is becoming unaccountable . [ Ryan does n’t know how to speak to people ’s hearts . Ryan default answer is look at my PowerPoint plans . ] 9:42 : Ryan is asked about Trump ’s immigration plan . He Ryan " rounding up 11 million people " is not the right thing to do and will not work . Ryan Ryan we need to have an immigration system wired for " what our we needs " [ code word : cheap labor ] . He Ryan says we we to ensure that people are not taking jobs that Americans can fill . He Ryan illegal immigrants should earn work permits but not jump in front of the line . . @SpeakerRyan : I do n’t think rounding up 11 million people is the right thing to do , or would work # RyanTownHall https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) July 13 , 2016 ,   9:39 : Ryan now tells about " fixing " a " broken immigration system . " He Ryan says we have to secure the border . He Ryan there are ways of getting people " right with the law " that " do n’t involve violating the rule of law " or " committing something like an amnesty . " He Ryan people should   " earn their people " without " rewarding people " or " rewarding people for cutting in line . " [ What in the world did Ryan just say ? Ryan Ryan like Marco Rubio in trying to say all the buzzwords in a word salad that he Marco Rubio will appease conservatives while sending a message to    donors that he Marco Rubio on their   donors . ] 9:36 : Second questioner ( probably not an accident she went second and the    questioner led off and set the tone ) tells Ryan that she she " disheartened " with him Ryan the GOP leadership re : their lukewarm support of Trump . Ryan Ryan he Ryan Trump Trump to respect the primary voters who voted for Trump Trump he Ryan have divided the party in half . 9:35 : When will Republicans ever ever ever learn ? CNN ’s first questioner , who claims to be a " Republican " who will not support Trump Trump asks Ryan Ryan he Ryan " morally justify " supporting a candidate in Trump Trump could be " very destructive " and has made " Islamophobic " statements and wants a border wall . Ryan Ryan says Trump ’s Trump n’t represent the views of Republicans . He cites Ryan Supreme Court and a potential Clinton presidency when pressed on his support Ryan Trump in the Trump election . [ In these settings , Ryan sounds Ryan the career D. C.    that he is Ryan He is Ryan the messenger to reach out to the independents and minorities the GOP establishment always claim Republicans must reach . There is a reason , according to Scott Walker , that Ryan did Ryan work at the counter at McDonald ’s and had to flip burgers in the back because he lacked Ryan " interpersonal skills " to be at the counter . ] 9:30 : At CNN ’s town hall event , Paul Ryan Ryan wants a Ryan consistent conservative " as vice president and the House Speaker , who has gone out of his way to Ryan Trump and not unify Republicans , says the only way Republicans can win in November is if the party unites . 9:25 : No vice presidential announcement . But after going through his standard campaign Ryan , Trump says we America Trump win so much that people will be complaining to Governor Pence or Vice President Pence . " You ’re gon na call him and you Ryan gon na say governor or vice president , we ’re winning too we , " Trump says . 8:55 Trump Trump tells Bill O’Reilly Trump Fox News in a    interview that he ’d like Ryan say he understands the Ryan experience but " you really ca n’t unless you ’re   . " 8:53 : Trump comments on Sanders ’s " strange endorsement . " He says a Ryan of Sanders ’s supporters are Sanders’s that they are " going to a lot of Sanders’s supporters voting for Trump . " He says he Ryan Sanders Ryan on trade Sanders 8:51 : Trump says Houdini could not Trump gotten out of Clinton ’s email scandal and calls that her " greatest achievement . Clinton 8:49 : Trump says there was a Trump of " hatred " at the Black Lives Matter    across the country . He says all of this Trump our country look weak to the country abroad . 8:48 : Trump says nobody discusses the Trump , 000 killings in Chicago since Obama became President . He promises to build the Trump and keep out refugees before discussing the need for a " smart " foreign policy . He says we should have Trump some troops in Iraq and says we should have taken the oil we he has been saying from Trump beginning . Trump also says he was opposed to the Iraq Trump . He blames Clinton for creating ISIS Trump her failed foreign policy in the Clinton East . He says    " do n’t Trump a clue " how to beat ISIS . Trump : Since Obama ISIS president almost 5 , 000 killings in Chicago . And nobody talks about it .   —    Chelsea Schneider ( @IndyStarChelsea ) July 13 , 2016 ,   8:36 : Trump says " our whole nation grieves and mourns " for five heroes who were slain in Dallas . " We pray for their families . We pray for "our whole nation grieves and mourns" for five heroes who were slain in Dallas loved ones We We pray their families all the wounded We . We pray for our country , We he says . " Police are not just a part of our society   …     . We They ] are the best of Police society . They represent our   highest ideals Police our We values , and our most noble characteristics . " our says we have to recognize and remember our of the good things police do that often go unnoticed and unappreciated . Trump says when our " police Trump attacked , our entire nation is attacked . " He says the message must be Trump clearly : " the hostility against the police must end . And it has to end right now the message " Trump says " we have a Trump in chaos " if we do n’t " cherish " we police officers . Trump again we he is the Trump law and Trump " candidate . He says we need " law Trump order " and " strength . " 8:33 : Trump now takes the stage and Trump " we want to get to business we " He says Indiana " was the Trump that put me over the top . " Trump says " a lot of Trump things are happening . " He says he was going to Trump through Trump whole litany of that but we want to be " positive we and " strong . " He says we ’re going to Trump greater we stronger than ever before . 8:31 : Pence adds that Trump must be elected because Hillary Trump must never become president . Pence says he served in Congress Pence Sanders Trump refers to him as the " nicest Socialist Sanders he has ever served with in Sanders , D. C.   Pence says , paraphrasing Comey , Pence would be " extremely careless " to elect Clinton . Pence says Clinton should Clinton disqualified Pence being     for waiting 13 hours to send help to Americans in Benghazi and then later saying , " what difference , at this point , does it make ? " 8:28 : Pence says Indiana will be the Pence state Indiana the board to make Trump the 45th president Trump his record and the state ’s Pence budget Trump the 45th president Trump says he will bring a similar kind Trump    Trump to the White House . He says after Obama ’s failed policies , Trump we ’re Obama for a change in this state . We ’re ready to put the state , a builder , and a patriot in the Oval Office . " Pence says we ’re tired of an intellectual Pence far away in Washington who believe they can plan our lives Washington than ourselves . He says Trump has not forgotten the our Trump work Trump their hands . 8:20 : Trump ’s Senior Policy they points out at Trump rally that Sanders ran against everything that Trump has supported before Sanders Clinton Miller says this is more Clinton that the system is rigged Trump against average Americans . Miller says we ’re going to say if you want to Trump the country in the right direction —   whether the country a Republican , Democrat or unaffiliated —   vote for Donald Trump . Miller says if you think your vote matters more Trump Street and Trump has been too quick to rush America trade deals , you should vote for Trump . Miller says all of the rhetoric about fighting special interests in Trump Dem Trump primary was a hoax . He says Clinton believes the worth of a voter Clinton measured by the Trump of their bank accounts . Miller says voters here today believe a voter is measured a voter what ’s Trump their heart and not their bank account . Miller says there is only one voters who will guarantee voters " Americans Trump come first . " 8:05 : Trump reportedly met with Pence for a     meeting after his fundraiser . Trump is why they Pence be late to their Indiana Trump . Per Indy fundraisr attendee : Trump asked fundraiser crowd : they You think he can handle the job Trump " Man : " And everyone , Trump course , yelled , ’Ayy ! ’ "   —    Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) July 13 , 2016 ,   NEWS : Mike Pence and Donald Trump held a Vice President Pence     meeting at the Columbia Club just before Trump fundraiser there . # veepstakes ,   —    Eric Bradner ( @ericbradner Trump July 12 , 2016 ,   7:30 : UPDATE : From Breitbart News ’s Alex Swoyer in Indiana :   Breitbart News learned Gov. Mike Pence wo n’t be doing a press Indiana his appearance with Breitbart News at the campaign rally Tuesday night in Indiana . Pence is tentatively planning Gov. Mike Pence Trump the GOP convention their Indiana rally according to Indiana Lotter Pence Pence ’s deputy campaign manager . 6:50 : Interesting : CNN ’s Mark Preston speculates that Trump Pence if he picks Pence as his VP , may select Newt Gingrich as his Chief Trump Staff . 6:42 : Pence at Mark Preston ’s Indiana rally Mark Preston More people are lining up again at Mark Preston Trump event in # Trump pic Indiana Trump’s    —    Crystal Duan ( @duancrys ) July 12 , 2016 ,   Former Carmel mayor Jane Reiman gave a prayer . Connie Eckert , candidate for House District 87 , said Pledge of Allegiance ,   —    Brandon J. Smith ( @brandonjsmith5 ) July 12 , 2016 ,   Payne family from Lebanon shows support for Donald Trump at Westfield rally . pic . twitter . Trump de la Bastide ( @KendelaBastide ) Trump , 2016 ,   Crowd continues to fill indoor soccer fields for Trump rally in Westfield pic . twitter .    —    Ken de la Bastide ( @KendelaBastide ) July 12 , Trump ,   6:40 : Pence will introduce Westfield at tonight ’s Indiana rally :    6:20 : Nigel Farage to attend GOP convention : Nigel Pence Farage to Trump # RepublicanNationalConvention # Indiana next week as an observer , reports say .   https :   .    —    Rajini Vaidyanathan ( @BBCRajiniV ) July 12 , 2016 ,     6:18 : Pointless publicity stunt since the donor is anonymous . Inbox : " David Brock to Announce Challenge by GOP Donor : $ 5 Million to Veterans’ Charity if Trump Releases Tax Returns . "   —    Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer Trump July 12 GOP 2016 ,     6:15 : Gingrich deadpans when asked what he can add to the ticket : Asked by @shaqbrewster " What can you add to a Donald Trump ticket as a VP ? " " Gingrich of grey hair , " Gingrich deadpans pic . twitter . Trump    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) July 12 , VP ,       6:03 : No more Secret Service protection Gingrich a candidate who did not enter the race to win it : Bernie Sanders’ Secret Service protection ends this evening , @kasie reports .   —    Micah Grimes ( @MicahGrimes ) July 12 , 2016 ,   One Senate colleague on why Sanders still has Secret Service protection : " Bernie ’s on an ego kick . " https :   .    — Sanders Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) July 5 Secret Service ,   6:00 : Trump to hold rally with VP pick on Friday : NEW : Sources tell me @realDonaldTrump will hold the   public event to showcase his VP choice Friday ,   —    VP O’Donnell ( @KellyO ) July 12 , 2016 , 
 VP Friday 