Washington ( CNN ) Following a scuffle at a Donald Trump rally Saturday night in Reno , Nevada , several of the Republican candidate ’s supporters , as well as some of Donald Trump staff took to social media to proclaim that someone had tried to assassinate someone . Here ’s what really happened .    At one point during a Donald Trump rally , Austyn Crites , a registered Republican who is supporting Hillary Clinton , made his Austyn Crites, a registered Republican who is supporting Hillary Clinton towards the front of the crowd . He Austyn Crites, a registered Republican who is supporting Hillary Clinton silently held up a sign that read , " Republicans against Trump . " A scuffle broke out as Trump Trump began pummeling him Austyn Crites, a registered Republican who is supporting Hillary Clinton attempted to rip the sign away . During the melee , someone yelled , " gun ! " This prompted Trump Trump rush the candidate   .    The Secret Trump’s Secret Service Crites and led him Austyn Crites, a registered Republican who is supporting Hillary Clinton . But , after searching him Austyn Crites, a registered Republican who is supporting Hillary Clinton they found no weapon , and he Austyn Crites, a registered Republican who is supporting Hillary Clinton released searching him brief questioning .   The Secret Service also Trump’s Secret Service attending the rallies of major presidential candidates must go through metal detectors .    The agents brought Trump back on stage and the rally    . Thanking the Secret Service , Trump said Trump’s Secret Service said it was going to be easy for Trump . But we will never be stopped . "    Yet , several of his us went further , tweeting that their candidate had just survived an Trump to kill him .    That night , Dan Scavino , the candidate ’s social Trump aide and Trump ’s son , Donald , Jr , retweeted this from a Trump Trump " Hillary ran away from rain today . Trump back on Trump minutes after assassination attempt . "    It is true the Hillary Clinton had cut short a rally in Florida earlier that day because of a downpour , though she completed her remarks in the rain .    It is not true , Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton there was any kind of attempt to kill Donald Trump .     Trump ’s son and Scavino might be excused for stating that there had been Donald Trump attempt on the candidate ’s life before all the facts were out . But the facts did come out . .. and quickly .    And yet , all the facts day the Trump campaign declined to correct the    . Asked by CNN ’s Jake Tapper Donald Trump " State of the Union " about retracting the tweet , Kellyanne Conway , Trump ’s campaign manager , instead attacked the network ’s campaign coverage .    " Is CNN going to retract all the storylines , all the headlines    all the breathless CNN of the last two weeks that have turned out not to be true ? The race is over . The path is closed . It ’s going to be a blowout.’ You guys retract that and I ’ll give The race call to Scavino about the retweet . " 
 