  ( CNN ) Authorities investigating the deadly stabbings on a Portland commuter train Friday are looking into the suspect ’s background and trying to determine whether the man will be charged with federal hate crimes .   As of Saturday , Jeremy Joseph Christian was being held on suspicion of state crimes , including aggravated murder , for which the death penalty is a possible sentence . The FBI has joined the Portland    investigation to gather evidence . " It ’s too early to say whether last night ’s violence was an act of domestic terrorism or a federal hate crime , " Renn Cannon , the special agent in charge of the Portland    office of The FBI , told reporters Saturday .   The killings     in which two men were fatally stabbed and another was wounded     came after Christian allegedly started yelling what " would best be characterized as hate speech toward a variety of ethnicities and religions " toward two women in a Metropolitan Area Express ( MAX )    train , Portland police Sgt . Pete Simpson said . Witnesses described the women , one of whom was wearing a hijab , as Muslim . As two men tried to calm him Pete Simpson , Christian , 35 , stabbed them two men one other man , police said . The two men identified Saturday as Ricky John Best   53 , of Happy Valley , and Taliesin Myrddin    23 , of Portland . Best died at the scene , and Meche died at a hospital , police said . Best , an Army veteran and father of four children , was a " model public servant " working for the city of Portland , a spokesman for Portland Commissioner Chloe Eudaly said Portland " My heart goes out to the family of Rick Best . They have lost a husband the family of Rick Best a father , and we have lost a treasured the family of Rick Best , " Eudaly said in a statement Portland Commissioner Chloe Eudaly     graduated with a degree in economics from Portland ’s Reed College last Portland . In a statement , his thesis adviser Noelwah R. Netusil , said he was " a very his person , smart , hardworking , and with such a bright future . "   The third man , Micah    Fletcher , 21 , is still at a hospital with serious but     wounds , police added .    Christian was charged with two counts of aggravated murder and one count of attempted murder , all felonies . He also was charged with Christian : two counts of    intimidation and a count of being a felon in possession of a restricted weapon , police said .   His felony convictions     for Christian and kidnapping     came in 2002 , state corrections department records show . He was being held Saturday Christian the Multnomah County jail without opportunity for bail . His arraignment was set for Christian in county court , police said . " We do n’t yet know what angle the investigation is going to take , " Portland police Chief Mike Marshman said .   Confrontations last month , Christian appeared to cause a stir at a rally for free speech in Portland last month , shouting Portland last month at one point blurting a racial epithet , videos from reporter Doug Brown of The Portland Mercury weekly newspaper show . Christian , wearing a cap and Christian in a Revolutionary    flag , identifies himself in one of the videos Christian the rally at Portland ’s Montavilla Park on Portland 29 . One video shows him arriving with a baseball bat Christian which he handed over to one of Christian police officers who approached him . The videos show him Christian at the videos at Christian point saying the    as police officers separated him from others . " I Christian a nihilist , " he says at one point . Christian This is my safe place . " Saturday , police said detectives are looking at Christian ’s background , " including the information publicly available about the suspect ’s extremist ideology . " The stabbings happened hours before the start of Ramadan , a month long Muslim holy period of prayer , fasting and charity . Portland , Oregon ’s most populous city with 640 , 000 residents , has about 50 , 000 Muslims , The Oregonian newspaper reported .   Police locate women , Police have contacted the women , who left the scene , but Simpson would n’t discuss whether they have been interviewed .   He the women, who left the scene detectives want to interview others Simpson took off . It is unclear how many people were on the train , but officials said at the time of day it would have been crowded . The victims apparently did n’t know Christian and were trying to protect the women , police said .   Witnesses said one was stabbed in the neck , CNN affiliate KOIN reported . ’Hate is evil’ Following the attack , the Council on    Relations called on President Donald Trump to denounce " rising bigotry " and acts of violence against Muslims .   " President Trump must speak out personally against President Donald Trump tide of Islamophobia and other forms of bigotry and racism in our nation that he has provoked through his numerous statements , President Donald Trump and appointments that President Donald Trump negatively impacted minority communities , " CAIR National Executive Director Nihad Awad said .   Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler condemned the incident and addressed Portland ’s residents of all races and ethnicities Portland local officials are working to ensure their safety . " We can not abide local officials or racism or xenophobia . We ca n’t never tolerate violence , we have to come together in love one We , " Wheeler said during a news conference . Sen. Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler Merkley of Oregon took to Twitter to decry the stabbings . " Terrible tragedy on Portland ’s Max Train , " he posted . " Champions of justice risked Sen. Jeff Merkley of Oregon lost their lives . Hate is evil . " Champions of justice Kate Brown called for Oregonians to come together . " Let ’s not let hate and fear divide us . Instead let ’s take the example of the good Samaritans ’s sacrificed their lives for the safety of others and unite for a kinder , gentler Oregon , " she said .  
 Gov. Kate Brown 