Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly appears on the cover of this month ’s Variety for the entertainment trade ’s annual " Power of Women " issue , which honors the philanthropic work of prominent female figures in media and entertainment . [ Megyn Kelly shares this year ’s honors with actresses Lupita Nyong’o and Julianne Moore , fashion designer Vera Wang and renowned ballet dancer Misty Copeland . The five women will be feted at Variety‘s Power of Women luncheon in Manhattan on April 8 .   Megyn Kelly will be recognized for Megyn Kelly work with Childhelp , a    organization that aids victims of child abuse with education treatment and prevention programs . Megyn Kelly has worked with the nonprofit for years and has promoted the nonprofit on Fox News on several occasions . As part of the outlet ’s special issue , Megyn Kelly spoke at length about Megyn Kelly public battle with GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , Megyn Kelly desire to interview Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton and Megyn Kelly future at Fox News . Here are the top 5 things we learned from Megyn Kelly Variety interview : 1 . She Megyn Kelly not be at Fox News Fox News longer . Kelly Megyn Kelly the outlet that she Megyn Kelly n’t yet decided whether she Megyn Kelly stay at the    news network past this year ’s election , when her Megyn Kelly expires   —    though she Megyn Kelly say network head Roger Ailes has been supportive of her Megyn Kelly her Megyn Kelly feud with Trump . " Never say never . I do n’t know what ’s going to happen , " she Megyn Kelly . " I ’ve had a great 12 years here , and I really like working for Roger Ailes . network head Roger Ailes like my show , and I love my team . But you know , there ’s a lot of brain damage that comes from the job . There was probably less brain damage when I worked in the afternoon . I was less well known . I had far less conflict in my life . " 2 . She Megyn Kelly tough questions she Megyn Kelly to ask Hillary Clinton , but the candidate has n’t agreed to sit down with her Megyn Kelly . " She Megyn Kelly [ the   ] , " Kelly replied when asked why she Megyn Kelly n’t yet interviewed Clinton Megyn Kelly " Actually , I have n’t gotten close enough to find out how she Megyn Kelly . She Megyn Kelly surrounded by so many circles , it ’s like you ca n’t get through . I hope she Megyn Kelly not going to govern like this . Am I really that scary ? I ’m a tough interviewer when it comes to these politicians , for sure . But how can she Megyn Kelly she Megyn Kelly George Washington ’s job and not sit with me Megyn Kelly " Kelly added that some Kelly her Megyn Kelly dream interviews " would include the pope , Vladmir Putin , Bashar Assad , Bill Clinton , and Melania Trump . 3 . She Megyn Kelly the feud with Donald Trump never happened . " Has it been hard for you ? " Variety asked the anchor . " It has not been enjoyable , " Kelly replied . " I wish it had n’t happened It I hope it will stop   It    his focus on me    If he Kelly determined not    stop , there ’s nothing I can do . I do n’t like being the story . I think it raises real First the story issues . I ’ve seen what ’s happened with Michelle Fields and in my own world , there ’s another side to this behavior . It poses real risks this behavior the person under attack . " Kelly also says she ’s trying not Kelly let her feud with Trump Kelly the way she covers the candidate Kelly " I do n’t want to be covering the news in a way that ’s fearful , or a way that seeks to curry favor or prove something , " she said . " Kelly is difficult , because Trump generates a lot Trump controversy , often intentionally . So you have to cover that as a reporter . I ’ll channel surf . I ’ll look at CNN , or I ’ll look at my pals Bill [ Hemmer ] and Martha [ MacCallum ] who are    my old show . We ’re the same CNN I give him no more coverage Trump the other journalists give him . " 4 Trump She ’s staying away from social media . " I barely go on Twitter anymore , " Kelly said . " I go on for the news . I do n’t go to the mentions . Whenever I go to the mentions , I the mentions I did . " 5 . She ’s " sad She about the " mean " tone of this election season . " I do n’t really get surprised with politics . I think it ’s sad , " Kelly said of this Kelly ’s election season . " I feel sad because I ’m raising three young children ’m I do n’t want them to see it . three young children ’m glad they are young ’m I three young children glad they do n’t ’m appreciate three young children ’s going on . I wish we were doing better as a culture . I do n’t know how I can help that . I do n’t mean as a journalist I mean as a human being . " Kelly added that the Kelly story of this election season , when all is said and done , will be what role the media played . " I think we ’re going to have we engage in a lot of soul searching about that , " she added . Read Kelly ’s full Kelly Kelly here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 