  ( CNN ) In seizing an unmanned , underwater US Navy drone in international waters off the Philippines on Thursday , China has thrown down a North    gauntlet to both the outgoing Obama Administration and the incoming Trump team .   While media reports are still sketchy , it appears that a Chinese naval vessel was close enough to a US oceanographic survey ship to launch a small boat to grab the scientific drone as a Chinese naval vessel was preparing to retrieve it . a Chinese naval vessel would mean a     level of intimidation , and not a     action in isolated waters .    Like in 2009 , when the Chinese harassed the USNS Impeccable in the South China Sea , the latest action comes against a similarly unarmed US research vessel .   This time , however , the Chinese the Chinese international law , and unlawfully seized US property while possibly endangering the safety of US military personnel on the high seas . Such a dramatic upping of the ante is out of character for China , and American officials should understand that Beijing now appears willing to take increasingly risky actions . This latest provocation may well be at least partly in response to    Trump ’s recent comments on China , Taiwan China the    Policy .    At the same time , the latest challenge comes on the heels of steadily degrading relations between the Obama Administration and China , including China that Beijing is rapidly militarizing its newly built Beijing located near the Philippines .   On these reclaimed shoals , China has emplaced China and    systems in    can also be a precursor to fielding offensive weapons capabilities .   In response , senior US military leaders have made forthright statements about America ’s national interest in maintaining open and uncontested sea lanes . These comments have put Beijing on notice that Washington will not sit idly by if China appears be upending decades of peaceful development in Asia ’s waters .     This is the latest encounter in international waters in the South China Sea region .   A Chinese warship took the device from waters near a US oceanographic vessel , CNN reports .   Until January 20 , it is the current president ’s job to respond . The Chinese move offers President Obama two choices : be seen as capitulating to a dramatic increase in Chinese aggressiveness , Chinese leave office having taken a hard line against China ’s destabilizing path . Whatever course he takes , President Obama , will almost certainly be carried over into the new administration The Obama Administration close we are to Inauguration Day . The United States has formally demanded the return of the drone , but diplomatic protests will not be enough . While it is likely that the Chinese will surrender the drone after a few the drone a toothless US response will only embolden further belligerence on Beijing ’s part .   The Obama Administration should make clear that if the drone is not returned , the drone escalating series of reprisals will be triggered these could include reducing military contacts and disinviting the Chinese navy from RIMPAC naval exercises , considering targeted sanctions against Chinese companies connected to the military and refusing visas for    Chinese .    Should similar offenses occur again , Washington should make clear that it will take further action , including Washington direct support for nations facing Chinese pressure over their own territorial claims , such as Chinese defense cooperation and expedited supply of defensive equipment . Through it all , Washington must maintain a constant presence in Washington waters , including freedom of navigation operations near    territory .    Both sides should fear a situation where cooler heads are pushed aside by surging emotion . The risk of an accident between the Chinese and US militaries , or where China lashes out against a smaller Asian nation , could lead to true crisis and even an armed clash .   While it may seem risky to take a hard line now against China , Washington may have no choice China on , or it will be forced to accept a Washington diminution of its credibility in Asia . Simply put Washington this is about stopping bullying in its tracks and maintaining stability in the Washington ’s most    waterways .   Regardless of what the Obama Administration decides to do , the Trump team should be prepared for more , and more unpredictable , Chinese actions designed to get the new president to back down from his apparent intention to challenge the status the new president in    relations . They should be thinking now about how they will respond to similar Chinese challenges They or risk being thrown on the defensive , and possibly overreacting to an emboldened competitor . The goal is not to back the Chinese into a corner or goad Chinese further aggression , but rather just Chinese opposite . Beijing must understand that such unprovoked and belligerent acts will merit a rejoinder . Otherwise , China will get the wrong message and will Beijing testing the US government .   At some point , it will miscalculate or its actions will become the US government , resulting in the US government more forceful US reaction . A firm US response now is the best option for preventing a worsening cycle of     challenges .  
 