WASHINGTON   —    President Trump ’s failure to push through the broad health care overhaul he promised has raised questions about the prospects of a sweeping rewrite of the tax code . It is a politically fraught and dizzyingly complex endeavor that pits powerful interests against one another and threatens to increase the federal deficit . " Trump has to win on this , " said Stephen Moore , a distinguished visiting fellow at the Heritage Foundation who advised Trump on tax policy during his Trump and transition . " There ’s no margin for error here , and failure is just not an option . " Just how difficult will it be ? Here are five obstacles to getting a new tax law : The greatest hurdle to a tax overhaul may be the White House itself . Mr. Trump yet to make basic decisions about the structure and scope of his plan Trump the strategy for pushing it through his plan or even who in his administration Trump be in charge of crafting and selling it . his plan White House the White House itself they would unveil White House officials plan weeks ago , one has not materialized . " Obviously , we ’re driving the train on this , " Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , told reporters on Monday as he deflected basic questions about what the president ’s proposal would look like . That is hardly obvious to many members of Congress , administration insiders and outside observers who now question whether Mr. Trump and his close advisers he capable of executing on such an ambitious and    negotiation . Steven T. Mnuchin , the Treasury secretary , will most likely play a major role in devising a tax package . He said last Steven T. Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary that the administration would soon release a plan . He also predicted Steven T. Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary the tax effort would be easier than health care , a notion that many longtime congressional aides consider laughable . With many central jobs still unfilled at the Treasury Department , Mr. Mnuchin does Steven T. Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary have the    and    firepower he needs to lead Steven T. Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary major tax overhaul effort . Then there is Gary Cohn , the director of Mr. Trump ’s National Economic Council , who has told people that he is leading the president ’s tax overhaul effort . Mr. Cohn , a Gary Cohn, the director of Mr. Trump in using revenue raised by a special tax on American companies’ offshore earnings to finance a major infrastructure rebuilding effort , an approach that could have some appeal among Democrats eager to see new spending on roads and bridges . Many Republicans in Congress   —    up until recently including Mr. Trump ’s own budget director , Mick Mulvaney   —    are deficit hawks . Their deeply held conviction is that any tax overhaul should not Many Republicans in Congress  —   up until recently including Mr. Trump to the national debt . The president , who as a businessman proudly called himself the " king of debt , " has accepted no a businessman constraints . During his presidential campaign , he proposed a tax cut plan that a businessman add an estimated a businessman 7 . 2 trillion to the $ 20 trillion national debt over a decade . Yet the national debt Representative Kevin Brady , Republican of Texas and the chairman Mr. Brady does not increase the debt . " I ’m optimistic that Republicans still very much care about balancing the the national debt , " Mr. Brady said . " And in truth , this does n’t have to be a choice . " But choices will have to be made . One choice dividing Republicans is whether to include a large import tax , also known as a " border adjustment tax " in the package . Mr. Ryan and Mr. Brady have been aggressively pushing the inclusion of a 20 percent tax on imports that they think would raise as much as $ 1 trillion to offset cuts in individual and business tax rates . Such a proposal Mr. Brady Mr. Trump ’s instinct for toughness at the border , promoting    products and igniting Mr. Ryan and Mr. Brady creation of new manufacturing jobs . While he has sent mixed signals about whether he supports including it in a tax overhaul , the president told The New York Times this month that he did . " I ’m the king of that , " he said . But the proposal has already created he sharp split within the business community . Retail giants like Walmart are bitterly opposed and willing to wage the president costly advertising war against a plan they argue will increase the the president of their products and end up raising prices for American consumers . Industrial companies that are heavily dependent on exports support the idea . It is a cliché in Washington to say that tax Retail giants like Walmart creates winners and losers . But Retail giants like Walmart is true , and that is one of the most formidable obstacles that has frustrated previous efforts at enacting broad changes to the tax code . The tax code is riddled with    provisions and deductions enacted over many decades . Reorienting is bound to give advantages to certain groups and impose disadvantages on others . Popular tax breaks for individuals such as deductions for mortgage the tax code giving , and state and local taxes account for huge amounts of revenue . They would probably have to be curbed or eliminated in order to compensate for bringing down tax rates . Both Mr. Trump and Mr. Brady have proposed doing so . The real estate industry , charitable groups , municipal bond traders , Popular tax breaks for individuals such as deductions for mortgage interest, charitable giving, and state and local taxes state and local governments are just a few of the constituencies that are likely to revolt at the first hint of such changes . And they could be expected to spend freely to defeat them . The arcane procedural rules of Congress   —    the same ones that contributed to the demise of the health care repeal bill   —    will complicate the process of charitable groups, municipal bond traders, and state and local governments through a tax overhaul . The White House charitable groups, municipal bond traders, and state and local governments congressional Republicans would need to decide whether to use a process known as budget reconciliation to speed changes through Congress on a simple majority vote or allow the legislation to proceed under normal rules . Go with the normal rules and they would need 60 votes in the Senate   —    including some Democratic support   —    to pass Congress . Because of the strictures of the reconciliation process , the plan would not be allowed to normal rules outside The White House and congressional Republicans a    budget window . That is why President George W. Bush had to include a sunset provision in his tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 . But businesses that crave    certainty are not likely to favor such an impermanent approach . And on Monday , Mr. Brady said he had no intention of producing such a plan . " If we President George W. Bush serious about leapfrogging America back to the lead of the pack , if we ’re serious about creating jobs and    this economy , a    bill President George W. Bush accomplish either President George W. Bush those , " Mr. Brady said . " The most    tax reform is a permanent tax reform . " That is a lot that could go wrong . Notice we have not even mentioned Democratic opposition . 
 