House Speaker Paul Ryan took aim at Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton during a speech to college Republicans in Madison , Wisconsin . While acknowledging " this election has taken some dark —   sometimes very dark —   turns , " House Speaker Paul Ryan ignored for the most part Republican nominee Donald Trump and the controversies surrounding House Speaker Paul Ryan . Instead House Speaker Paul Ryan focused on the failures of liberal progressivism . [ " The last eight years has been one long liberal progressive experiment , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said Friday . " Time and again , we have been told if we just spend more money , create more programs to live under and more rules to live by , put one more wing on the great palace of government , this will solve all of we problems . "    " Yet after all that , we feel less safe and less secure . Less free and less prosperous . As government grows more unaccountable and unresponsive , there is less faith and less trust . And that is because liberal progressivism simply does not work , " liberal progressivism continued . " It is the longest con . "   The Wisconsin Republican went on to ask , directing liberal progressivism sights on this election , " What vision do Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton party offer the people ? "   " The America the people want does not stand out . It is ordinary . There is a gloom and a grayness to things , " liberal progressivism continued , saying : In the America the people want , the driving force is the state . It is a place where government is taken away from the people , and the people are ruled by the people betters   …     by a cold and unfeeling bureaucracy that replaces original thinking . It is a place where government twists the law —   and the Constitution itself —   to suit its the Constitution itself . A place where liberty is always under assault , where passion —   the very stuff of life —   is extinguished . As for what Republicans alternatively offer for the future of America , Ryan says , " We want an America America values disruption and innovation . Because in a time when you can customize your life , right down to the channels you want ,      designs [ referring to Democratic policies ] are creaky and worn out . " This is what liberal progressivism does . Even in an age of diversity , it Even in an age of diversity conformity and sameness .     …      It Even in an age of diversity people . It Even in an age of diversity people in health care ‘ exchanges’ you ca n’t navigate , rules you ca n’t understand or afford , and a tax code you ca n’t make heads or tails out of unless you hire an army of lawyers . It is not about freeing you —   it is about limiting you . There is no room to run , no chance to grow , or to fail for that matter . People are not needed , they People counted and sorted . This is how you can so casually classify whole groups of people as a ‘ basket of deplorables,’ as Hillary Clinton did . 
 