Washington ( CNN ) A New York Republican who served as Donald Trump ’s campaign    in the state is under fire for saying A New York Republican who served as Donald Trump’s campaign   in the state hopes President Barack Obama will die of Mad Cow disease and making racist comments about first lady Michelle Obama . Paladino , told a weekly paper in Buffalo that first lady Michelle Obama was the person whom A New York Republican who served as Donald Trump’s campaign   in the state would " most like to see go in 2017 . " " I ’d like her first lady Michelle Obama return to being a male and let loose in the outback of Zimbabwe where she first lady Michelle Obama comfortably in a cave with Maxie , the gorilla , " Paladino said . Of Barack first lady Michelle Obama Paladino said in response to the question of what he would most like Paladino see happen next year , " Obama catches Paladino cow disease after being caught having relations with a Herford . He dies before his trial and is buried in a cow pasture next Paladino Valerie Jarret Paladino who died weeks prior , after being convicted of sedition and treason , when a Jihady cell mate mistook her for being a nice person and decapitated her . " Long a provocative figure in New York politics , Paladino her a    of Trump ’s statewide campaign and spoke before him at some rallies in the state . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo Paladino who crushed Paladino in New York ’s race New York , called the comments " racist , Paladino and reprehensible . " " While most New Yorkers know Mr. Paladino is not to be taken seriously , as his erratic behavior defies any Paladino and he has no credibility , his words are Paladino jarring , " Cuomo said in a Paladino . " His remarks Paladino not reflect the sentiments or opinions Paladino any real New Yorker and he Paladino embarrassed the good people of the state with his latest    rage . " Paladino Erie County Executive , Mark Poloncarz , called on Paladino to resign his seat on the Buffalo school board . " These comments harken back to the darkest Paladino history , " Poloncarz said . " Anyone who has these beliefs is unfit to hold public office and especially unfit to oversee the education of children . " The Trump transition did not immediately respond to a request for comment .   Paladino said in part in a statement , " It has nothing to do with race .   That ’s the typical stance of the press when they ca n’t otherwise defend the acts of the person being attacked . " The White House had no comment on Paladino the press statements .  
 Paladino Paladino 