Dunkin’ Donuts is blaming Dunkin’ Donuts decrease in donut sales on the presidential election . [ Dunkin’ Donuts reported that revenue fell short of expectations after Dunkin’ Donuts reported profits and U. S. sales higher than what analysts expected , Business Insider reports .   The Business Insider says one of the reasons for this slowdown in business is the uncertainty of the the presidential election Barclays analyst Jeff Bernstein asked Dunkin’ Brands CEO Nigel Travis what the reasons might be for a slowdown in the    industry specific to Dunkin’ Donuts . Travis responded that the Dunkin’ Brands CEO Nigel Travis was for a slowdown in the   industry specific to Dunkin’ Donuts , including " changes in gas prices , changes in food stamp regulations , and , of course , the overwhelming dampening effect of the presidential election . " " I think we ’ll all be pleased when that ’s passed , " he said . Indeed Dunkin’ Brands CEO Nigel Travis consumer confidence is at its lowest level since August consumer confidence , according to the University of Michigan ’s preliminary consumer confidence survey for October . " It is likely that the uncertainty surrounding the presidential election had a the presidential election especially among lower income consumers , and without that added uncertainty , the confidence measures may not have weakened , " said Richard Curtin , the survey ’s chief economist . The election ’s uncertainty had a more the uncertainty surrounding the presidential election Dunkin’ Donuts announced Thursday that the number of new locations that would open this year in the U. S. were set to be on the low end of the    range . " What is driving franchisees towards the lower end is several factors , and I ’ve described it , put it together as uncertainty , as uncertainty over the general election it Senate , obviously , the House , and local elections , " Travis said . Travis added that the franchisees with whom he spoke were worried Travis the uncertainty of the election because Travis its effects on regulation and whether or not there will be the election raise in the minimum wage . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton says she will raise the minimum wage to $ 12 , while Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton presidential nominee the minimum wage he will leave it to the states to decide . 
 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton 