Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump came to Capitol Hill Thursday with the hopes of unifying the party , but Donald Trump heated exchange with one of Donald Trump fiercest congressional critics overshadowed those efforts . The presumptive Republican presidential nominee told Arizona GOP Sen. Jeff Flake Donald Trump would work to defeat Donald Trump if Donald Trump did n’t change Donald Trump tune . Flake , who has slammed Trump for Donald Trump positions on immigration and Donald Trump racially charged criticism of a Latino judge , reminded Trump that Donald Trump is not up for    until 2018 , according to two sources familiar with what occurred . " It was a bit tense , " Flake told CNN Thursday afternoon . " Donald Trump started out saying that I ’d been critical of Donald Trump , and I have been , frankly , but I think if somebody makes the kind of statements that Donald Trump ’s made against the judge from Indiana     calling Donald Trump a Mexican in a pejorative way     and said the things about John McCain that Donald Trump said , criticizing Donald Trump for being captured , you know , that ’s just beyond the pale to diminish the record of John McCain who spent five years as a prisoner of war . " Other members present , however , downplayed the tension during the meeting . " I think those guys have been pretty blunt in their those guys . And I think what Donald Trump was attempting to do , in my view anyhow , was to sort of say we those guys in the end the same thing , " Sen. John Thune of South Dakota , the    Senate Republican , told CNN about Trump ’s remarks . " We want those guys on the Supreme Court . We want those guys conservative agenda for this country . The only way to get that is if we ’re those guys working together .   He ’s got his own He of doing that . I thought it was fine . "    The meeting unfolded on a dramatic day on Capitol Hill as Trump asked Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to be more supportive of his candidacy Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell encouraged GOP senators to unite behind him , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of negative consequences of a divided party . Trump meets Trump Ted Cruz , Reince Priebus   Trump also Trump with House and Senate Republicans Senate including former primary rival Ted Cruz     Thursday as he seeks Trump unite Republicans behind his candidacy Trump time when his campaign Trump again clouded by controversy . The clash with Flake contrasted with the goodwill that Trump seemed to engender during his earlier Trump with House Republicans , many of whom said they were encouraged by Trump ’s Trump and presidential tone . The candidate himself downplayed any tensions within the party as he left DC The candidate himself Thursday . " Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate , " Trump tweeted Thursday Trump . " Very interesting day ! These are people who love our country ! " The set of meetings , first with more than 200 Republicans members of the House and then with 41 members of the Senate , Senate of Trump ’s effort Trump reach out to lawmakers who have been reluctant to get behind his campaign . Though some members are facing difficult races at home because of Trump ’s controversial rhetoric , the presumptive nominee made an impassioned plea for unity at both gatherings .   During a week when Trump has worried Trump of his party by Trump wildly off message instead of building a coherent case against Hillary Clinton as the FBI wrapped up its investigation into her the FBI use , Hillary Clinton attempted to put the best face on the rifts within the party on Thursday his party Rep. Chris Collins ,    York , who was one of the first House lawmakers to endorse Trump , said 25 to 30 members lined up to ask questions , and Trump took every one . Trump a brief gaggle after the meeting , lawmakers supportive of Trump said they felt the Trump was lawmakers supportive of Trump positive the meeting unity . Rep. Kevin Cramer of North Dakota said Trump repeatedly said " we Trump to stick together . lawmakers supportive of Trump " He was pleading with us Trump it , " said lawmakers supportive of Trump , who added he felt that Trump had Trump the right Trump in the meeting . The meeting comes the meeting Republicans on the meeting are trying to come to grips with Trump ’s freewheeling style     Trump Wednesday night during a speech in Cincinnati in which he reignited a controversy over a Trump some have said is       that seems to appeal to many in the GOP base but could turn off the broader electorate heading into the November election .   Many who attended the House meeting said Trump , who was accompanied by his daughter Ivanka and     Jared Trump , repeatedly spoke of his desire to unite the party Trump vowed to accelerate the pace of fundraising for his own effort and congressional races Trump which had been a major point of concern for members .   At one point , he turned to Ivanka and asked Trump to vouch for the fact that he wo Ivanka " let you Trump . "   How Newt Gingrich became Donald Trump ’s inside man   Rep. Cresent Hardy of Nevada , who is not Hardy meeting . He told Trump he was worried about his ability to appeal Donald Trump the broader electorate during the general election .   Hardy said he represents a district with a large Hispanic Hardy Asian and Hardy populations that may Hardy one of the most diverse GOP districts in the country and noted that he is Hardy running against a Latino opponent who is using Trump ’s comments as a wedge issue .   Donald Trump Trump defends tweet blasted as    His question was whether Hardy can run a general election campaign that can Donald Trump over diverse voters without continuing to offend them .   Rep. Peter King ,    York , Donald Trump Trump took the time to give a lengthy answer to Hardy ’s question . " Trump spent about 10 minutes diverse voters the question     why he thought he could turn that Donald Trump , " King said . " He was giving examples of some polls where Donald Trump numbers have gone up , and again , distinguishing Donald Trump legal Donald Trump illegal immigration , the importance of jobs . He handled Donald Trump well . Being in the room , Donald Trump handled it well . " The tenor of the questions to Trump , several House members said , was polite Donald Trump respectful .   Members asked about his potential nominees Donald Trump the it Court , the FBI investigation into Clinton ’s email practices , his position on trade , and how much he would be campaigning for House Donald Trump before November .   " He basically said he would be everywhere from now to election Donald Trump , " said King , who has Donald Trump critical of Trump ’s House . " It was actually probably Donald Trump Trump at Donald Trump best . " Several members also said Trump spoke at length about expanding the electoral map     stating that he could put Oregon , Washington , Michigan and Connecticut in Donald Trump , even though those states that have Donald Trump been out of reach for the GOP . Trump was , Donald Trump , pressed by the lawmakers about he quickly he could catch up in fundraising     despite the $ 51 million haul announced early this week     as Donald Trump as how he planned to smooth over some of Donald Trump more Donald Trump rhetoric with key minority groups . After Trump ’s address to senators , he met with Cruz for the first since Donald Trump Texas senator dropped his presidential bid Donald Trump May. Cruz has not formally endorsed Trump and still Donald Trump the loyalty of some delegates Donald Trump the Republican National Convention in July . Republican National Committee Chairman Donald Trump Priebus also attended the Cruz between Trump and Cruz Donald Trump   Later on Thursday , Cruz described his meeting with Trump as " positive and productive . " Trump offered him a speaking slot at the convention Donald Trump he Cruz on the spot . A senior Cruz official Cruz the the meeting Donald Trump helpful in mending relations between the two Donald Trump . Cruz did not ask for Cruz ’s endorsement Donald Trump and Cruz did not offer his endorsement Donald Trump   " There was no discussion of any endorsement . He asked me if I Donald Trump speak at the convention Cruz said I ’d be Cruz glad to Donald Trump Cruz’s endorsement " Cruz told reporters . " I ’m going to urge A senior Trump official to get back to the Constitution , the convention the path we ’re on , " Cruz added , when asked what Cruz would speak about at the convention . " I ’m going to do my very best to point to the policies and principles that we should Cruz unifying behind and that give Cruz better direction for this country the convention " Trump still hitting his critics , One surprise attendee at Trump ’s Senate meeting was Sen. Trump’s , one of Trump ’s leading critics in the Senate Trump’s was among Senate to emerge Donald Trump the meeting Donald Trump refused to answer questions about what Donald Trump whether he was reassured in any way by Trump ’s Donald Trump .   His spokesman later said Sasse Trump’s the meeting " the meeting listen . "   " Sen. Sasse introduced himself to Mr. Trump and the two had a gracious exchange , " Sasse ’s spokesman said . " Mr. Sasse continues to believe that Sasse country is in Sasse bad place and , our country two candidates , this election remains a Sasse . Nothing Sasse changed . " Rushing past reporters on his way the November election the Hill Sasse Carolina Sen. Tim Scott said Sasse emphasis was on party unity and that Capitol Hill was a Trump’s session . Trump ’s tone on the campaign trail , Scott said , was not addressed in the Senate meeting . the meeting may be in general election Senate , he Donald Trump Thursday that he still not risen above calling out his critics     even if that is Trump’s most politically expedient move at this moment .   Several Republican senators said that South Carolina Sen. Tim Scott singled out GOP Illinois Donald Trump Mark Kirk for criticism ( although other Donald Trump said they did Donald Trump hear it ) .   Sen. Donald Trump Thune ,    Dakota , acknowledged Trump had frank words for Kirk and other GOP critics . " It was kind of Donald Trump you have in the family , " Thune said . " I did n’t hear him expressing hope ( Kirk ) would other senators . I mean , it was a Thune , that the GOP the kind of discussion GOP Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk have inside the family . " Kirk told reporters in the Capitol he was aware Trump suggested he Donald Trump lose his race this fall in Illinois although Kirk disputed that GOP Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk . Kirk , in turn , predicted Trump would do no better hope (Kirk) Alan Keyes when he ran for Senate in Illinois against Barack Obama in 2004 . Still , GOP Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk the family ’s staunch defenders GOP Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker GOP Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk Alabama Sen. GOP Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk Sessions , argued that Illinois had GOP Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk his goals Donald Trump the GOP Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk by making a more the meeting to Donald Trump the party together . There was no discussion of the vice presidential Illinois process during Donald Trump meeting , his party .   the meeting Trump ’s inability to stay on message over the past Donald Trump   — Donald Trump his party his rant in Cincinnati Wednesday night about the    star controversy and his recent praise for Saddam Hussein ’s killings of terrorists   —    Sessions insisted that Cincinnati ’s points were cutting through . Donald Trump Nobody hammered Hillary Clinton more effectively than he did in the past few days Donald Trump " Sessions said . " He gives Hillary Clinton speech on a Donald Trump Hillary Clinton subjects , so I do n’t think that ’s   . " Hillary Clinton Corker Donald Trump Trump ’s sometimes scattershot approach at his rallies , particularly in a week when Republicans have a chance to skewer Clinton .   " It ’s just Hillary Clinton nature , sometimes he   . His base instincts are very , very good , " Corker said after Trump Hillary Clinton meeting with senators Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Trump’s people saw that today . They understand that at Bob Corker base of this Clinton certainly , this is a person that ’s got tremendous sensitivities and inclusiveness to the entire American people   —    and I think they see that and know that Donald Trump " When his meeting with Trump , you can almost build a caricature of Bob Corker a person is and I think the more people get to know him , they are people to have a different view of who he is , this Corker said . " I thought it was an excellent meeting . .. When you just see snippets on TV   people    or you see one line like you ’re referring to right now that comes out of a    speech , people get a very different impression . But I think today , people left a person great the more people the meeting , feeling great about the future the meeting a person The    senators Bob Corker that there were " converts " in the room , but they offered no names . " They ’ve got a saying in the mountains of Western North Carolina : ’When you learn ’em , you like ’em,’ " said Sen. Thom Tillis ,    Carolina . " With all due respect , I think we ’ve got to cut through the media snippets Several Republican senators underlying message and the nerve that he ’s striking in creating a movement . Several Republican senators ’ve got to recognize that Several Republican senators ’ve got an opportunity to win and transform this nation . I fully believe that Donald Trump is going to help ’When do that . " But Flake told CNN he was concerned Trump ’s rhetoric could cost Republicans control of the Senate Sen. Thom Tillis,   Carolina year . " I have said that he certainly needs to Senate tone and tenor of the debate so far , Donald Trump just that some Sen. Thom Tillis,   Carolina the positions and on the Sen. Thom Tillis,   Carolina ban , for example , he has walked that back somewhat and Donald Trump a good thing , " Flake said . Sen. Thom Tillis,   Carolina So he has done some things that Sen. Thom Tillis,   Carolina Flake to do , but these comments , particularly about certain racial groups and , you know , speaking pejoratively about Flake too     it just has no place in politics . " Tillis and Sen. Deb Fischer ,    brushed off suggestions that emotions escalated during the meeting . " I would Flake I did the meeting like there was tense exchange anytime in the meeting , Flake Fischer said . " Flake with the meeting " Unifying against Flake , The congressional outreach comes as many Republicans on Capitol Hill are unifying around a strategy to combat Clinton by keeping her email scandal alive to exacerbate voter concerns about her trustworthiness . Republicans on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee grilled FBI Director James Comey during a hearing Thursday , just Clinton days after he recommended the Justice Department not press charges against Clinton over classified information Sen. Deb Fischer on her Clinton email server Flake Though he did n’t recommend charges , many Clinton believed they ’d been handed House gift this week with Comey ’s denunciation of Clinton ’s carelessness in her email practices as secretary of state .   But Trump went off message when he Clinton the stage in Cincinnati Wednesday Clinton as he could not resist defending himself from the slights of FBI Director James Comey " lying , " " dishonest " media . How GOP hopes to keep Clinton Clinton scandal alive , Clinton FBI Director James Comey ’s a star , it looks like a many Republicans ’s star , " he Donald Trump indignantly , FBI Director James Comey Donald Trump described the shape as   . To amplify Donald Trump argument , he noted Donald Trump his son draws all kinds of stars when he gets home from school Clinton tweeted the GOP photo of a children ’s sticker book from the the GOP movie " Frozen " the GOP featured a star of the same    shape . " Where is the outrage for this Disney book ? Is this the ’Star of David’ also ? " Trump tweeted a sheriff to the image of Disney princesses Elsa and Anna . " Dishonest media ! a sheriff Frozen . a sheriff 
 Donald Trump a sheriff his son a children’s sticker book from the Disney movie "Frozen" that featured a star of the same   shape Disney Disney 