Marion    Pen , a rising star of France ’s right wing , has backed Donald Trump ’s bid for the White House . [ The niece of Front National leader Marine Le Pen said the Republican presidential nominee " responds to people ’s hopes " and wrote to Twitter : " Donald Trump is a less harmful candidate than Hillary Clinton . "   " Donald # Trump est un candidat moins néfaste que ne le serait # Hillary # Clinton " # USA # MMLP ,   —    Marion Le Pen ( @Marion_M_Le_Pen ) July 27 , 2016 ,   Her aunt has previously been compared to Mr. Donald Trump to their similar "Donald #Trump est un candidat moins néfaste que ne le serait #Hillary #Clinton" #USA #MMLP,  —   Marion Le Pen (@Marion_M_Le_Pen) July 27, 2016,  Her aunt on immigration , climate change , Christian values , and patriotism . A New Yorker headline from December 2015 declared : " Donald Trump Donald Trump America ’s Marine Le Pen " . Marion became the youngest French Member of Parliament in modern history aged just 22 in 2012 , while studying law in Paris , and remains one of the party ’s only two members of parliament . She is unapologetic Marion her strong Catholic Marion and defence of traditional values , and recently called for Christians to stand up for their values in Christians wake of the Islamic State attack in Nice   —    where a priest was beheaded as he gave mass a priest a church . She tweeted : Marion In the West as in the East , Christians must stand up to resist Islam ! " Adding : " Faced with the threat that weighs on France , I decided to join the military reserve . I invite all the young patriots to do the same . " She has also Marion on France to scrap France European    Schengen agreement as her country wages Marion " war against radical Islam " . Sarah Palin , the former Governor of Alaska and U. S. presidential running mate , recently wrote in Breitbart that Marion was her " political Marion " who she would vote Marion if she were French Marion " Marion    Pen Marion the new deserved ‘ It Girl’ of French politics and a clear voice of courage and common sense in a country and continent in need of both , " she wrote . Marion   Pen : " But despite today ’s tough losses , Marion and her Marion Marine Marion Pen , the leader of the National Front ( FN ) Party , have established themselves and their the National Front (FN) Party as the National Front (FN) Party force to be reckoned with in France ’s 2017 presidential race , in which Marine is sure to be a contender with her talented niece Marion behind her . " Marion 