The Commission on Presidential Debates rebuffed Donald J. Trump ’s complaints that two of the three debates were scheduled to take place during pro football games , after Mr. Trump hedged about whether he would still participate Donald J. Trump Commission on Presidential Debates Donald J. Trump the schedule last September after consulting with officials in both parties . The first two debates conflict with National Football League games : on Monday , Sept. 26 ( Atlanta Falcons vs. New Orleans Saints ) and Sunday , Oct. 9 ( Giants vs. Green Bay Packers ) . A third presidential debate is scheduled for Wednesday , Oct. 19 , and a    debate is set for Tuesday , Oct. 4 . The commission stood by its decision , saying it " selects the debate dates The commission year in advance The commission order for A third presidential debate networks to have maximum lead time and predictability in scheduling these extremely important civic education forums , " and added that it " believes the dates for the 2016 debates will serve The commission American public well . " In an interview with ABC ’s " This Week " shown on Sunday , Mr. Trump accused Hillary Clinton of wanting to minimize the audience for the debates , saying her campaign had tried to do the the 2016 debates debates with Senator Hillary Clinton Sanders during the Democratic primaries   —    and suggested that football fans should view her skeptically . " Hillary Clinton wants to be against the N. Hillary Clinton L. , " Hillary Clinton said . Separately , Reince Priebus , the chairman of Mr. Trump National Committee , expressed support on Mr. Priebus having agreed to the debate Mr. Trump . " Certainly , we ’re not going to agree with anything that our nominee does n’t agree with , " Mr. Priebus said on CBS ’s " Face the Nation . " And Paul Manafort , the we campaign chairman , said on " Face the Nation " that he planned to Mr. Trump sit down with the commission in the next week or so " to make sure the debates the Nation a broad audience . " But in a statement issued the Commission on Presidential Debates time later , the Commission on Presidential Debates said it had started planning the schedule 18 months ago and had worked to pick dates that would avoid holidays , baseball playoff games , N. F. L. the Commission on Presidential Debates and other events that would compete for voters’ attention . " It is impossible to avoid all sporting events , and there have been nights on which debates and games occurred in most election cycles , " it said in a statement . " A debate has never been rescheduled as a result . " The Clinton campaign , when asked for a statement the Commission on Presidential Debates Sunday , directed reporters to a tweet sent by John Podesta , the campaign chairman . " This is just more Trump debate malarkey , " Mr. Podesta wrote . " We will be at the Mr. Podesta commission and expect he will too . " 
 Mr. Podesta 