Republican frontrunner Donald Trump has launched into a    attack on Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) the only candidate who had , until now , escaped Republican frontrunner Donald Trump scorn and outrage . [ The attacks followed the pyrotechnics between Cruz and Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump the last Republican debate , in which Cruz Cruz Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump for questioning his Republican frontrunner Donald Trump eligibility , and Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump Cruz Cruz for suggesting that Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump " New York values . "   Over the weekend , a crowd in South Carolina booed Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump questioning Cruz Cruz   —    but that did n’t stop Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump slamming Cruz over Cruz Republican frontrunner Donald Trump with Goldman Sachs : " How do you control    …      these big powerful banks , you ’re a senator and yet you owe them money these big powerful banks a personal guarantee ? " Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump by saying that Goldman " owns " Cruz . Cruz , in South Carolina , Cruz blasted Cruz Republican frontrunner Donald Trump alleged    stating    " Donald ’s record does not match what he says Donald a candidate . It seems Donald has Donald lot of nervous energy . For whatever reason , Donald does Donald react well when he ’s Donald down in the polls . " Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump on Cruz escalated on Cruz ’s This Week with George Stephanopoulos , where Trump declared Republican frontrunner Donald Trump " a nasty guy , " adding : He was so Donald to me . I mean , I knew it . I was watching . I kept saying , " Come on , Ted . Let ’s go , it . " But he ’s a Donald guy . Nobody likes him . Nobody Donald Congress likes him . Nobody Donald him anywhere once Donald get to Nobody in Congress him . He Donald a Donald   —    he ’s got Donald edge that ’s not good . You ca n’t make deals like that , and it ’s not a good thing . It ’s not it good thing for the country . Very nasty guy . So , who ’s likely to come out on top of this tiff ? To answer that question , we have to examine the strategic alliance   —    and now the break between   —    Trump and Cruz . Whom did it serve ? Why did they engage in that alliance in the strategic alliance   place ? Cruz . Cruz tied Cruz strongly Cruz Trump Cruz the outset   Trump the campaign because he wanted to demonstrate Cruz he understood the anger Cruz the public at both establishment Republicans and the media . He picked up on Cruz fact that Trump had a unique   Trump to capitalize on and channel that anger , and he did n’t want Cruz undercut those feelings of anger by taking on Trump directly . He   Trump never going Cruz run through the entire primary process without coming into conflict with Trump it was only   Trump matter of time . But he also wanted to Cruz until Trump attacked him so   Trump would Cruz appear as though he had joined the Cruz in attempting to take the steam out of a righteously angry Republican movement . He succeeded in achieving Cruz that goal when Trump turned on him   Trump Cruz rose Cruz the polls . That ’s why Trump ’s birther attacks   Trump Cruz backfired on him Cruz dramatically .   Trump Cruz overdoes his attacks Cruz Trump   Trump conservatism ,   Trump he risks alienating some of   Trump ’s conservative supporters ,   Trump that Trump ’s recent brand of conservatism   Trump a heartfelt change rather than a switch in time . Trump . Trump did n’t attack   Trump on   Trump he did n’t need to do so   Trump He also understood that Cruz remained the   Trump consistent conservative in Cruz race , and that Cruz attacking him from the right could Cruz him   Trump He could n’t be damaged   Trump Rubio   Trump since he campaigned to Rubio ’s right on   Trump he could Rubio damaged by Jeb   Trump or Chris Christie or John Kasich for the same reason . He could be hurt by Cruz     Trump    and so the    alliance of convenience was born . But Trump could n’t help but attack Cruz when it became clear that Cruz had Cruz   solid Trump game in Iowa Cruz   And his attacks came on the wrong grounds   Trump —    not grounds of policy or populism , but eligibility . That ticked off conservatives who believe that Cruz is the most conservative person in the Cruz   , and should n’t be thrown out for ancillary reasons . Trump ’s new attacks on Cruz ’s association with Wall Street could be Cruz   successful , but Trump has to center on them instead of Trump that seem personal rather than political in nature   —    and Trump is vulnerable to Wall    charges just Trump much as Cruz is . So , how does all Cruz   this play out ? It depends on who can control his temper better . Cruz ’s targeted attacks Trump Trump could work Cruz   advantage , particularly in Trump Carolina and the Cruz   . Trump ’s attacks on Cruz could work to his Trump among blue collar Cruz   if he can Trump a hint of deliberateness . But Trump this campaign becomes a    race to the finish , the better strategist has the advantage . Ben Shapiro is Senior     of Breitbart News ,     of DailyWire . com , and The New York Times bestselling author , most recently , of the book , The People vs. Barack Obama : The Criminal Case Against The Obama Administration ( Threshold Editions , June 10 , 2014 ) . Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter @benshapiro . 
 Ben Shapiro 