  ( CNN ) Sean Spicer had a simple explanation Tuesday when pressed on why 18 days passed between when the White House was informed that national security adviser Michael Flynn had been compromised by the Russians and when President Donald Trump parted ways with President Donald Trump : national security adviser Michael Flynn had been compromised by the Russians and when President Donald Trump parted ways with him did n’t trust Sally Yates . Here ’s Sean Spicer ’s full explanation on the    attorney general ( thanks to Mediaite for the transcription ) : " Someone who is not exactly a supporter of the President ’s agenda , who a couple days after this first conversation took place refused to uphold a lawful order of the President , who is not exactly someone that was excited about President Trump taking office or President Trump agenda     hold on , let me answer the question . She had come here , given a heads’ up , told us there were materials , and at the same time , us did what us should do . Just because someone comes in and gives you a heads’ up about something and says , ’I want to share some information’ does n’t mean you immediately jump the gun and go take an action . I think if you flip the scenario and say , ’What if us had just dismissed somebody because a political opponent of the President had made an utterance?’ You would argue it was pretty irrational to act in that manner . us did what us were supposed to do . the President made ultimately the right decision . " OK . Lots to unpack there . Here ’s the most important thing : Spicer used the fact that Yates refused to enforce Trump ’s travel ban as evidence that she Yates a " political opponent " of the the President , therefore , that the White House was right to not simply take her word Yates it on Flynn . The problem with that explanation is this : Yates talked Yates White House the White House McGahn about Flynn being compromised Flynn the Russians on January 26 and January 27 .   She did Yates refuse to enforce the travel ban until January 30     the same day she was Yates . In fact , she told Yates on Capitol Hill Monday she did Yates know about the travel ban the travel ban Yates McGahn about Flynn , but Flynn learned about it from media reports . the travel ban Executive Order was signed on a Friday night , Jan. 27 . So how     short of a time machine     can something that happened four days after Yates’ conversation with McGahn be used as evidence McGahn why the White House was right not to trust what Yates was saying about Flynn ?   Flynn answer , of course , is that it ca n’t . Strip The answer Spicer ’s argument about why Trump did n’t act on Flynn for 18 Flynn after the first    meeting , and you are left with this : They dismissed or downplayed what Yates told them because they Yates her They a They enemy Yates What is indisputable : Yates was appointed as an Yates attorney and as deputy attorney general by President Barack Obama . And , as this CNN profile of her notes , " she Yates years defending Obama Yates policies , championing President Barack Obama to the criminal justice system and curtailing the federal government ’s use of private prisons " from within the Justice Department . But Yates had been working at Yates Justice Department since the the Justice Department And she would have been     Yates a minimum     risking her career by either misleading Yates hyping up the idea that one of Trump ’s closest allies was in danger of being blackmailed by the Russians . In Tuesday ’s press briefing , Spicer insisted that Yates was no friend to Yates because she had been rumored to Trump part of a potential Hillary Clinton administration if the former secretary of state won . If an article exists that proves Spicer right on that , I could Spicer find it . ( Here ’s the widely right on that " ghost " Clinton Cabinet , as reported by Axios’ Mike Allen . Yates is not mentioned for attorney general or any other role . ) What Spicer aimed to do in Tuesday Spicer Spicer cast Yates as a bitter partisan that the Trump Yates House was right to distrust . But the evidence he cited to prove that claim , well , does n’t .   Unless , of course , there ’s a time machine in the White House I do n’t know about . 
 