To the extent it ’s still standing after yesterday , the Stop Trump movement is comforting the Stop Trump movement with the world ’s biggest lie : that John Kasich is the embodiment of the Republican Party , while Donald Trump is the bastard stepchild . [ It ’s exactly the opposite .   It is no longer a question of what the Republican Party wants . The voters   —    remember them The voters  —      —    keep showering Trump and Cruz with    percentages . The combined vote for Trump Trump and Cruz a Cruz chorus of what this the Republican Party : a wall , deportation , less immigration and no    trade deals . In other words , what the party the Republican Party the diametric opposite of what the donor and consultant class wants . One would have to search the history books to find a party establishment so emphatically rejected by the voters as today ’s Republican Party has been . Trump and Cruz do n’t Trump   —    Cruz is more interventionist on foreign policy Cruz and Trump is more aggressive on bringing manufacturing home . But there ’s not much daylight between them on the crucial issue of whether Trump dissolve America ’s borders . By now , they both say build a wall , reduce immigration and protect American jobs . In other words , Trump and Cruz have totally rejected the Trump establishment position on immigration . After Mitt Romney lost an election he should have won in 2012 , Mitt Romney Republican National Committee convened a group of experts to determine what went wrong , producing what it called an " autopsy . " a group of experts was an autopsy because , you a group of experts , the party was dead . And the people who did the autopsy were the ones who killed it . Have you ever heard of the party autopsy being performed by the murderers ? The murderers’ main recommendation was that Republicans " embrace and champion comprehensive immigration reform "   —    i. e. amnesty . " If we do not , " the autopsy continued , " our party ’s appeal will continue to we its core constituencies only . " God forbid the party party respond to its core constituencies ! the party the report bristled the party advice on winning the Hispanic vote . The GOP was supposed to run Hispanic candidates , hire Hispanic spokesmen , demand yet more Hispanic immigration and correct its " tone . " It looked like our The GOP got mixed up with the Democratic National the report report in the copier room . At least it was printed in English . They put all this the Democratic National Committee’s report in the copier room their computer and out spit the perfect solution : MARCO They ! Like all ideas developed by focus groups ( " New Coke " ) how could it possibly fail ? " On issues like immigration , " the report instructed , " the RNC needs to carefully the report tone that takes into consideration the unique perspective of the Hispanic community . " How ’d they like the   ’s announcement speech about Mexican rapists and drug dealers ?   ? But Trump immediately leapt to the top of the polls and never stopped soaring . Only Ted Cruz was smart enough   —    or hated the Republican establishment enough   —    to adopt Trump ’s    immigration policies . Now the only question for Trump is , which one is more electable : a Holy Roller preacher , or a brash alpha male billionaire ? They ’ve crushed the rest of the field   —    voters large majorities of Hispanics along the way , incidentally . Between them , Trump and Cruz have won 77 percent of the voters ( Trump , 067 ) . The    mass immigration advocates , John Kasich and the ( late , lamented ) Marco Rubio , have 23 percent ( 313 ) . Rubio was the apotheosis of the Republican leadership ’s proposal for Marco Rubio suicide   —    or the " Growth and Opportunity Project , " as the autopsy was officially titled . He was handpicked for the presidency six years ago . He Marco Rubio to Washington and promptly set about pushing an amnesty Marco Rubio faster than you could say , " My dad was a bartender . " In the darkest days of the nation ’s history , Rubio ’s bill actually passed the U. S. Senate . ( One of the many hints that voters do n’t want amnesty was that the bill was blocked in the House , not by any Rubio’s bill opposition   —    despite media cheerleading , in fact   —    but by the people , rising up in a blind rage . ) But still , Rubio was the golden boy among GOP consultants , donors and Rubio hired help , elected Republicans . He had unlimited money , GOP , establishment support , conservative Rubio cheerleaders and his own cable news channel . His presidential bid was supported Rubio 14 Republican governors , 22 Rubio senators and more than two dozen Republican representatives , Washington think tanks , lobbyists , the Chamber of Commerce , Chipotle and Taco Bell . Time magazine put him on its cover as " Republican Savior . " And Rubio Tuesday , Time magazine lost his own state in a landslide . Rubio lost Rubio single Rubio in Florida to Trump but one Rubio He went 1 for 66 in a state where he is Rubio only a U. S. senator , but also Rubio former house speaker . He outspent Trump by about 500 percent and still lost his Rubio state by Trump points . Never was there a Rubio perfectly kicked field goal   —    with Rubio as the pigskin . He was hiked and kicked right Rubio the goalposts . Gov. Rubio Kasich is as awful on immigration as Rubio , but he ’s so boring , no one can Rubio remember anything he Gov. John Kasich . He opposes deporting illegal aliens because that ’s not Gov. John Kasich the kind Gov. John Kasich values that we believe in . " ( " We " being " the Democratic Party . ") He bleats that illegals are " made in the image of the Gov. John Kasich , " which would require America to admit everyone in the world   —    provided they can pass the rigorous background check of being human . On illegals night , Kasich barely won his own state , making him 1 for 29 in GOP primaries Kasich The one and only Kasich he ’s won is in the state where he ’s the sitting Kasich . He was endorsed by his opponent Kasich Marco Rubio . He ’s Kasich almost nowhere else Kasich And yet Kasich came in Kasich than 10 points ahead of a New York Kasich estate developer   —    half of Trump ’s margin of victory over Rubio in Rubio ’s home state . Adjusting for the home state advantage , Rubio ’s a humiliating defeat . How many more GOP stars will die for mass immigration ? So far , there ’s Eric Cantor , Nikki Haley , Trey Gowdy , Ben Sasse , Paul Ryan , Fox News   —    14 governors , 22 senators and two dozen representatives . With increasing desperation , the media claim that 63 percent of voters do n’t want Trump based on votes cast for any other candidate in a    race . What the delegate count shows is a resounding rejection of the immigration policies being pushed by the party leadership . The establishment laughed at us . They wanted our votes , but then ignored us . They lied The establishment us us opposing amnesty while repeatedly conspiring us pass The establishment . Now us ’re going into the presidential election with our 80 percent thunderous us of the people against immigration . I us not sure someone who is more preacher than president is the most electable expression of that will , but whether Trump or Cruz , make no mistake about what the will is . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTERDISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 our 80 percent thunderous will of the people against immigration 