Queens , New York —   An imam and his associate were killed Saturday in Queens , NY , shortly after leaving the mosque where An imam and his associate were saying An imam and his associate afternoon prayers . [ The victims were identified by the NYPD as Imam Maulama Akonjee , 55 and Thara Uddin , 65 . An imam and his associate were shot at close range in the head , just a block away from the the mosque where they were saying their afternoon prayers before 2 pm . The Imam was pronounced dead at the scene , while Uddin died four hours later at Jamaica Hospital .   The shooter , according to Deputy Inspector Henry Sautner from the 106th precinct , remains at large . According to Sautner , Deputy Inspector Henry Sautner shooter The shooter " male with medium complexion dressed in a dark polo shirt and shorts . " The authorities added that the motive has not been determined , but community members , predominantly Muslims , are calling the crime a hate crime .   Most blame the shooting on GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s not what America is about , " Khairul Islam , 33 , a local resident told the Daily News . " We blame Donald Trump for this . Trump and his drama has created Islamophobia . " Another Imam , whose name is Donald Trump at the moment , also blamed the real estate mogul and former NYC mayor for the shooting . " For those in leadership like Trump and Mr. Giuliani , and other members of other institutions that project Donald Trump and Muslims as the enemy , this is the end result of their wickedness , " the Imam said at a gathering of Muslims protesting those in leadership like Trump and Mr. Giuliani, and other members of other institutions that project Islam and Muslims as the enemy shooting . Other Muslim gatherings were chanting " This is Donald Trump ’s fault , " and " Muslim hate crime . " Witnesses providing leads to the NYPD described the shooter as a tall man of Hispanic descent . The NYPD is currently conducting an extensive canvass of the area for video the NYPD additional witnesses as the shooter remains at large . The Trump campaign sent a statement to reporters the shooter : " To blame any political candidate for these murders is a highly irresponsible and obviously politically motivated attempt to push an agenda . Mr. Trump opposes crime and violence in any form and , as president , will Trump law enforcement and community leaders to create an environment where tragedies like this never happen again . "     < ! [ CDATA[OO . ready ( function ( )   )    ] ] & gt 
 