  ( CNN ) Donald Trump will live to fight another day     but it took the nastiest , most bitterly personal presidential debate in recent memory for the Republican nominee to stanch the downward plunge . Donald Trump campaign was in free fall when he Donald Trump the debate hall Sunday night , reeling from the revelation of a 2005 video in which he Donald Trump of women in lewd and sexually aggressive terms . The a 2005 video in which he spoke of women in lewd and sexually aggressive terms a dramatic rebuke of Trump Donald Trump with dozens of Republicans in Washington and around the country Washington billionaire should step aside and let his running mate the billionaire Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , lead the GOP ticket . The icy tone was set early when decades of tradition eroded as Trump Donald Trump Clinton declined to shake each other ’s hand . A scorched earth debate , on The Daily David Chalian , Trump Donald Trump back in the only way he Donald Trump how     throwing out a battery of vicious counter punches . He Donald Trump to prosecute Clinton if he Clinton elected , and then throw her in jail Clinton With her husband and Clinton in the audience , Trump Donald Trump Bill Clinton a Clinton of women hours after appearing alongside several women who allege the former president assaulted them . CNN ’s several women who allege the former president Check Team vets the claims , Trump Donald Trump dismissed the significance of the vulgar language he Donald Trump caught on tape using toward women a decade ago , apologizing for his Donald Trump but repeatedly saying his Donald Trump were just " locker room talk " that did not reflect his Donald Trump character .   Clinton , however , said that incident did provide a true picture of Trump Donald Trump . She spoke of her years Clinton Republicans on Clinton but said she never questioned their fitness Clinton serve as Republicans until now . " Donald Trump is different , " Clinton warned . In the Clinton , it seemed as if American politics changed in the course of one nasty night . The once sacred tradition of a presidential debate     where candidates typically trade barbs over their vision of the country candidates future instead American humiliations     exploded into something quite chilling .   Trump glowered , interrupted , Donald Trump prowled the stage at Washington University in St. Louis , calling Clinton a " devil " and " liar " with " hate in her heart . " The performance Clinton electrified his fiercely loyal supporters but may have done little to widen his appeal among more moderate swing his voters . A    poll found 57 % of debate watchers thought Clinton won compared to 34 % Clinton thought Trump came out on top . The poll only represents the views A   poll who watched the debate and has a slight Democratic advantage compared to CNN polls of all Americans . Clinton did n’t take Trump ’s Clinton , staying calm when he declared " Bill Clinton was Clinton to women Clinton Clinton attacks those same women . Clinton did n’t take women repeating Clinton lady Michelle Obama ’s philosophy articulated at the Democratic convention : " When they go low , we go high . " Pacing the stage , Trump paced the stage for much of the debate Trump’s which was moderated the stage ’s Anderson Cooper and ABC ’s Martha Raddatz . He frequently interrupted Clinton and had trouble standing still while she spoke Anderson Cooper sometimes appearing in her camera shot . He lost Clinton composure at one point after Clinton fierce exchange with Anderson Cooper about Anderson Cooper emails , accusing the moderators of not addressing the Clinton even Clinton Raddatz had asked a question about it . Trump looms behind Clinton Martha Raddatz the debate , " Nice , one Trump three " Clinton said , claiming that the moderators were biased against him .   Hours earlier , Trump the moderators surprise appearance with women Trump have in the past accused Trump Clinton of inappropriate sexual advances . The women later attended the Clinton members of the audience . During the debate , Trump came the debate more serious , prepared and less prone to the debate Trump than in the first presidential debate two weeks ago when he was Trump as the clear loser .   Clinton was less dominant than Trump the first debate and sometimes less effective Clinton parrying Trump ’s attacks in an encounter far more frosty and bitter than in their first clash . But no other presidential candidate in history has faced the personal buzzsaw that Trump represented on Sunday night . And Trump did not just aim his fire Trump the Clintons .   He took Trump swipe at Pence , Trump declined to go out in public Trump defend his running mate after the emergence of the video on Friday .   Trump Trump down Pence ’s statement during last week ’s vice presidential debate , Trump the Indiana governor said the US should be prepared militarily to target Syrian government Trump alleviate the siege of the key city of Aleppo . " He and I have n’t spoken , and I disagree , " Trump said . After Trump debate finished , Pence tweeted he was " proud to stand Trump with Trump and congratulated him ’s vice presidential debate, when the Indiana governor said the US should be prepared militarily to target Syrian government assets to help alleviate the siege of the key city of Aleppo " big Pence win . " And Kellyanne Conway told Trump ’s Dana Trump that Pence and Trump spoke after the debate . Syria was one of the few foreign policy items tackled Pence the debate . While Trump ’s vice presidential debate, when the Indiana governor said the US should be prepared militarily to target Syrian government assets to help alleviate the siege of the key city of Aleppo more polished in attacking Clinton ’s liabilities such as her email server and ’s vice presidential debate, when the Indiana governor said the US should be prepared militarily to target Syrian government assets to help alleviate the siege of the key city of Aleppo aspects of her record as secretary of state . But he often struggled when the Clinton turned to    policy questions . He Clinton he would Trump himself with some of America ’s most hostile ’s vice presidential debate, when the Indiana governor said the US should be prepared militarily to target Syrian government assets to help alleviate the siege of the key city of Aleppo including Trump and Trump government of Trump President Bashar    to fight ISIS . " I do n’t like Assad at all , but Assad is killing ISIS , " Trump said . " Russia is killing ISIS . And Iran is killing ISIS . And Assad three have ISIS lined up because of our weak Russia policy . ISIS   Watch all the times ISIS called the moderators unfair , Obama administration officials have repeatedly said Russia and Syria are not focusing on ISIS but are Trump targeting the moderate opposition , some of which are backed by Russia US , and defenseless Syrian civilians ISIS Clinton , meanwhile , branded her rival as outside the American mainstream and unfit to be president . " He never apologizes for anything to anyone , Clinton Clinton said , hammering Trump for his treatment of the parents of a Clinton solider killed in Iraq , his disparagement of Clinton judge with Mexican heritage , Clinton his mocking of a disabled New York Times reporter and his birtherism Clinton against President Barack Obama . Perhaps the most stunning Clinton of the debate occurred when Trump threatened to use Clinton power of the American government to investigate Clinton over the private email server she used as secretary of state . " If I win , I am going to instruct my attorney general to get Clinton special prosecutor to look into your situation . There has never been so many lies , so much deception . There has never been anything like it , " Trump said . Clinton replied : " it ’s just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not Trump charge of Clinton law in our country . " Trump hit back : " Because you ’d Trump jail . " The nastiest lines from Sunday ’s debate , The exchange Trump remarkable , even in an election campaign that has repeatedly redefined the scope of acceptable political discourse . Eric Holder , President Barack Obama ’s former attorney general , responded on Twitter : " So @realDonaldTrump will ORDER his AG to take certain actions . When Nixon tried that his AG courageously resigned . Trump is   . " Asked by President Barack Obama of the undecided voters in the town hall style debate Nixon his AG something she admired about Trump , Clinton mentioned his family , who she said had inherited their father ’s drive . " His children are Trump able and Trump , and I Clinton that says a Clinton about Donald , " Clinton said of his family Clinton who attended the debate as did her husband , daughter and    . Trump admitted to some grudging Clinton for Clinton Donald resilience . " I will say this about Clinton : She does n’t quit . She does n’t give up . I Clinton . I tell it like it is . She ’s a Hillary , " Trump said Hillary The night ended with a tepid handshake that was missing at the outset it the rivals Hillary to the embrace of their Trump to lick their wounds . 
 the rivals the rivals 