Rage Against the Machine guitarist Tom Morello has released a short video in which he urges people to " stand up against " the " frat house rapist " Donald Trump . [ In a short video in which he urges people to "stand up against" the "frat house rapist" Donald Trump , Tom Morello calls Donald Donald Trump    racist with sexist policy proposals .   " When it comes to race relations , he he like an    segregationist , " Tom Morello says . " When it comes to foreign policy , he he like an    napalmist . When it comes to women ’s issues , he he like a    rapist . " " So , let ’s not elect that guy . " Tom Morello concludes .   Tom Morello video was part of an intro to musician Ryan Harvey ’s updated version of the song " Old Man Trump "   —    which was inspired by folk singer Woody Guthrie ’s unrecorded 1950s song of the same name , that assails Donald Trump ’s father , Fred Trump , as a racist . The lyrics for Harvey ’s version , Ryan Harvey Morello is featured , of " Old Man Trump " were originally written by Guthrie , and recently discovered by professor of American literature and culture at the University of Central Lancashire in Britain Will Kaufman . According to Kaufman , Guthrie had signed Will Kaufman in Guthrie apartment in Brooklyn run by Fred C. Trump , Donald Trump ’s father . It was then and there that Guthrie wrote the " Old Man Trump Guthrie song lyrics . Kaufman said he discovered Guthrie ’s writings Will Kaufman Fred Will Kaufman during Guthrie at the Woody Guthrie Center ’s Will Kaufman in Oklahoma . " Only a year into his Beach Haven residency , Guthrie   — Will Kaufman himself a veteran   —    was already Will Kaufman the bigotry that pervaded his new ,    neighborhood , which he Will Kaufman taken to calling ‘ Bitch Havens,’ Will Kaufman Kaufman wrote in an article for news website The Conversation . " For Guthrie , Fred Trump came to personify all the viciousness of the racist codes that continued to put decent housing   —    both public and private   —    out of reach for so many of his fellow citizens , " Kaufman wrote . Fred Trump are the lyrics for Kaufman ’s song , " Old Man Trump Guthrie I supposeOld Man Trump knowsJust how muchRacial Hatehe stirred upIn the bloodpot of human heartsWhen he drawedThat color lineHere at hisEighteen hundred family project I supposeOld Man Trump knowsJust how muchRacial Hatehe stirred upIn the bloodpot of human heartsWhen As for Morello , his    Trump    supergroup   —    Prophets Morello Rage , consisting of members of Rage Against the Machine , Public Enemy and Cypress Hill   —    will kick off their nationwide tour on July 19 and have threatened Morello, his   Trump   supergroup  —   Prophets of Rage, consisting of members of Rage Against the Machine, Public Enemy and Cypress Hill  —    " cause a ruckus " in July at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland . " Prophets of Rage combines the sonic power of Rage , Public Enemy and Cypress Hill . It ’s my contention that we Cypress Hill longer stand on the sidelines of history . Dangerous times demand dangerous songs , " Morello said in a recent interview with Rolling Stone . " Both Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders are both constantly referred to in the media as raging against the machine . We ’ve come back to remind everyone what raging against we machine really means . " Morello is also set the machine a    roadshow to Morello awareness of and marshal opposition to the    Partnership .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 