January 13 , 2017 , Though a series of winter storms has eased California ’s historic drought , California ’s also burdened many residents with another type of natural disaster . Though a proposed tunnel could ease traffic under one of Britain ’s most famous landmarks , California ’s bringing another controversy to the surface . Those stories , plus a look back at historic U. S. inauguration speeches , constitute Friday ’s edition of CNN 10 . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ , Click for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz ( PDF ) . 1 . How fast does a storm ’s wind speed have to be for a storm’s to meet the U. S. National Weather Service ’s definition of a blizzard ? 2 . What U. S. retail company recently announced the closures of 100 of What U. S. retail company 650 stores , resulting in the loss of more than 10 , 000 retail jobs ? 3 . What is the length of a single term for a U. S. Senator ? 4 . Who is the leader of North Korea , a rival of the U. S. that blames America for North Korea ’s controversial nuclear program ? 5 . Nicolas Maduro is the leader of what country , which is struggling with a major economic crisis that includes incredibly high inflation ? 6 . What ’s the name of the whitening process that occurs when changes in water temperature , pollution , or extremely low tides cause coral to lose its algae ? 7 . Name the Internet company that has fallen to a fraction of its former value following increased competition , corporate losses , and a historic hack of its accounts ? 8 . As discussed in Thursday ’s show , what international organization was founded in 1949 as a sort of guard against the Soviet Union ? 9 . What U. S. leader delivered the nation ’s first presidential farewell address , warning about the influence of political parties ?   10 . To address traffic problems near Stonehenge , Britain ’s government recently approved a controversial plan to widen a highway and build what kind of structure beneath the monument ? TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Fridays are awesome on CNN 10 ! Well , they ’re awesome , period , but we ’re happy that yours includes we show .   I ’m Carl Azuz . California has been suffering a historic drought .   Three years ago , its governor declared a drought California of emergency .   Late last year , 97 percent of California was in drought .   But today , the U. S. drought monitor says less than 60 percent of the state is under drought California   What happened ? A series of winter storms all hitting in a short amount of time .   Since Monday , more than seven inches of rain had fallen , mostly in northern California .   Six to 12 feet had fallen on the Sierra Nevada Mountains .   They ’re California ’s biggest source Six to 12 feet water northern California their snow could help refill nearby rivers Six to 12 feet lakes , many of which have already risen considerably in recent days . There ’s a major downside to this sudden soggy storms , though .   Avalanches , flooding , river waters rising over their flood stages , soaking land , river waters and homes nearby .   It ’s brought dangerous conditions to many Californians . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) JENNIFER GRAY , AMS METEOROLOGIST :   In the U. S. flash floods kill more people than tornadoes , hurricanes or lightning . A flash flood creates a rush of moving water that can sweep a grown man off his feet , a car off the a grown man , and even your entire home off its foundation . When the ground become the road saturated that water can no longer seep into the soil , it begins to run off quickly into the soil and streams and this causes a rise in water and a flash . Densely populated areas have an extremely high risk of flash flooding , with the additional concrete in less grassy areas for the water to soak into the soil , and they can see the soil very quickly . Densely populated areas In the mountainous terrain , the combination of gravity , plus the easy runoff can lead to catastrophic flooding , when all of that water is funneled into the rivers , the water and even the valleys .    Remember , flash flooding can happen in the blink of an eye , that ’s why it ’s so important to stay alert and pay attention in case a flash flood watch or warning is issued for your area . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia . Which of these historic structures is oldest ?   Stonehenge , the Great Wall of China , the Colosseum , or Machu Picchu ? Researchers believe construction on Stonehenge started in around 3000 B. C. making it the oldest structure on this list . ( construction on Stonehenge VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   Now , why it was built remains a mystery .   But construction on Stonehenge does n’t keep more than a million people from visiting Stonehenge every year .   It ’s one of Britain ’s most famous landmarks construction on Stonehenge   It ’s also near a road with really bad construction on Stonehenge . That ’s why the British government has approved a project that would build a traffic tunnel underneath Stonehenge and also widen the highway nearby .    The government says it will give a boost to the British government , as the British government as shorten drivers’ trip times and reduce traffic congestion .   And the plan has the support of the English heritage organization , as well as the United Nations . But critics say the tunnel wo n’t significantly help traffic and that it a traffic tunnel underneath Stonehenge any ancient artifacts that might still be hidden a traffic tunnel underneath Stonehenge Stonehenge .    A historian who opposes the plan says it ’s hard to believe the government would the plan concrete tunnel the plan would , quote , " last at best 100 years and decimate a landscape that has lasted for millennia . "   The project would cost $ 2 . 4 billion and take four years to build starting in 2020 . Like the presidential farewell address , which we reported on yesterday , there ’s no constitutional requirement for a presidential inaugural address .   The new American leader is required to swear to preserve , protect and defend the Constitution .   But an inaugural address is a tradition dating back to George Washington . With inauguration day exactly a week away for    Donald Trump , here ’s a look back at what some of his predecessors have said . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SUBTITLE :   The new American leader speeches strike familiar tones . Founding fathers ( and documents ) . JIMMY CARTER , FORMER PRESIDENT :   Here before is a Bible used in the inauguration of our first president      RONALD REAGAN , FORMER PRESIDENT :   George Washington , father of our country . GEORGE W. BUSH , FORMER PRESIDENT :   After America of Independence was signed       WILLIAM J. CLINTON , FORMER PRESIDENT :   They knew that America , to endure would have to change . DWIGHT WILLIAM J. CLINTON, FORMER PRESIDENT:   EISENHOWER , FORMER PRESIDENT :   This faith is the abiding creed of our fathers . SUBTITLE : Challenges and change . LYNDON B. JOHNSON , FORMER PRESIDENT :   Ours is a time of change . CARTER :   This inauguration ceremony marks the new beginning . EISENHOWER :   The world and we have passed the midway point of a century of continuing challenge . BARACK OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   The challenges we face are real . CLINTON :   Though our challenges are fearsome , so are our strengths . RICHARD M. NIXON we FORMER PRESIDENT :   In these we years , America has suffered from a fever of words . CARTER :   We we adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles . SUBTITLE :   Poverty and joblessness . G. W. BUSH :   While many of our citizens prosper , others doubt the promise , even the justice of our own country . OBAMA :   The state of our economy calls for action , bold and swift .    JOHN F. KENNEDY , FORMER PRESIDENT :   Casting off the change of poverty . GEORGE H. W. BUSH , FORMER PRESIDENT :   They ’re the homeless , lost and roaming , idle industries of cast GEORGE H. W. BUSH, FORMER PRESIDENT:   into unemployment , human misery and personal indignity .    SUBTITLE :   Friends and enemies . NIXON :   We can not expect to make everyone our friend , but we can try to make no one our enemy We REAGAN :   We those neighbors and allies who share We freedom , we will strengthen our historic ties and assure them of our support and our commitment . our CLINTON :   There those neighbors and allies who share our freedom no our a clear division between what is foreign and what is domestic . KENNEDY :   Support any friend , oppose any foe . SUBTITLE :   The American spirit . JOHNSON :   From the secret places of the American heart came forth the faith that can not see .    REAGAN :   Those who say that we ’re in a time when there are no heroes , they just do n’t know where to look . CLINTON :   There Those who say that we’re in a time when there are no heroes nothing wrong with America that can not be CLINTON:   is right with America . America :   Ask not what America will do for you , but what together KENNEDY:   for the freedom of man . SUBTITLE :   Well wishes . CARTER :   Thank you very much . REAGAN :   SUBTITLE:   you . BUSH :   And God REAGAN:   :   America . ( REAGAN America ) AZUZ :   There is OBAMA:   tool available for people learning God with CNN 10 or folks who just want to read along .   On our home page , click the word " transcript " under the video box .   Then , if you scroll down while playing the show , you CNN see the transcript and watch the video all at the same time .   It ’s like country and western , chocolate chips and cookies , CNN and 10 the word "transcript" under the video box Angeles , California , is getting another professional football team , or the word "transcript" under the video box getting it back .   The NFL ’s San Diego Chargers are moving to L. A.   Their first season was actually there back in 1960 .   But they the word "transcript" under the video box been to San Diego for the past 56 years .    Voters there recently decided The NFL’s San Diego Chargers the proposal to build their team a new stadium using taxpayer The NFL’s San Diego Chargers .   So San Diego Chargers will move .   They ’ve been renamed the Los Angeles Chargers and they ’ll play Voters there the same city , eventually the same stadium , as the The NFL’s San Diego Chargers Rams . For " 10 The NFL’s San Diego Chargers of 10 " The NFL’s San Diego Chargers bridge over troubled water The NFL’s San Diego Chargers who knows ?   It ’s hard to actually see the water from the world ’s highest bridge .   At 1 , 854 feet above the ground , that ’s about the height of    building . it This span has the most space between itself and the valley below .    It ’s located in southwest China .   It ’s 4 , 400 feet long .   It China almost three years and more than $ 140 This span to build , and now ,    ’s open to traffic . There ’s    a longer report on that .   We    you the abridged version .   Did n’t anyone to get crossed if they ’re afraid    heights .   Did n’t want to keep you in suspense .   That about spans our range of stories on CNN 10 . We were off Monday for the anyone Luther King , Jr. holiday in Monday U. S.   So , we ’ll see you again on CNN We Click here to access the printable version We today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts We for explanation seekers on the go or in the classroom . CNN show ’s priority CNN to CNN 10 of international significance CNN 10 clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society CNN 10 you for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 