To Donald Trump , everything is negotiable , even getting old . At 70   —    about 16 months older than Hillary Clinton   —    Hillary Clinton would be the oldest person ever to step into the presidency , a fact Hillary Clinton ’s determined to talk Hillary Clinton way around . " Here ’s a woman   —    Hillary Clinton ’s supposed to fight all of these different things , and Hillary Clinton ca n’t make it 15 feet to Hillary Clinton car , " Hillary Clinton told supporters at a recent rally in Pennsylvania . " Hillary Clinton ’s home resting right now . " Hillary Clinton slackened Hillary Clinton jaw and feigned stumbling across the stage , a dramatic    of the video that showed Clinton nearly collapsing from pneumonia in September . " Folks , " Trump announced , " we need stamina . " Vim and vigor have always featured prominently in Trump . In Hillary Clinton 2009 book " Think Like a Champion , " Hillary Clinton called " positive stamina " a " necessary ingredient for success . " Hillary Clinton Twitter feed is , accordingly , a constant    zone : Hillary Clinton has rated the vitality not only of Clinton ( " zero imagination and even less stamina " ) but also of Joan Rivers ( " truly amazing stamina " ) the world ’s " many losers and haters " ( " never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful " ) and , of course , Hillary Clinton ( " one of my greatest assets " ) . During the first presidential debate , Hillary Clinton attacked Clinton ’s stamina in four consecutive sentences : " She does Clinton have the stamina . I said she does Clinton have the stamina the stamina I do n’t believe she does Clinton the stamina . the stamina president of this country , you need tremendous stamina . " Over the course of Hillary Clinton career , Trump has amassed a vast verbal arsenal to wield against women   —    pig , dog , slob , bimbo , disgusting , neurotic , ugly   —    but when it comes to Clinton , it ’s all stamina it stamina , stamina . The word implies everything Trump has been told Trump ’s no longer Trump to say outright . It strikes a glancing The word at Clinton ’s sex without Clinton having to Trump her an old lady . Clinton older , Susan Sontag wrote , in a 1972 essay called " The Double Standard of Aging , " is " much more a social judgment than a biological eventuality "   —    an " ordeal of the imagination " that " afflicts women much more than men . " This is precisely what " stamina " pokes at : an American subconscious that stereotypes older women as sick , weak , unattractive and useless . It ’s a nominally civil version of the sexist internet memes that cast Clinton as " America ’s nasty   " and a    nod to    conspiracy theories that place her on the precipice of Clinton . For his own part , Trump presents himself as ageless   — his a bit older than Clinton , but only in Clinton years , which do n’t really count . He told the TV doctor his Oz that he looks in the mirror his sees " a person who is 35 years old , " like a    villain with a charmed looking glass . He gets his exercise , his said his by gesticulating his rallies . The bizarre doctor ’s note the TV doctor Mehmet Oz that he ’d be the TV doctor Mehmet Oz " healthiest individual the TV doctor Mehmet Oz elected to the presidency , " then added , " His physical strength and stamina are extraordinary the TV doctor Mehmet Oz " His wives get younger with every marriage the TV doctor Mehmet Oz —    the third , Melania , is 24 years his junior   —    and their the TV doctor Mehmet Oz , Trump says , only His wives him more powerful . " You know the TV doctor Mehmet Oz " he told Esquire in 1991 , " Trump does n’t really matter what they write as long as you ’ve His wives a young and beautiful piece of ass . " Stamina is a guy thing , and guys know it . In September , when    polled likely voters on which candidate " has the stamina to be president , " it was responses from men that put Trump on top . Stamina is a sex thing too . ( Just ask the adult film actor Simon Stamina . ) The word shares a Latin root with " stamen , " the long ,    organ that protrudes from a flower    On some deep , etymological level , Trump seems to be accusing Hillary of Trump having a penis . " Stamina " may have a masculine sheen , but its underlying claim   —    superior mental and physical endurance   —    has long been associated with women . As the    poet Giovanni Boccaccio wrote : " Right so can women suffer    And all wrongs womanly endure . " In Christian theology , women are n’t typically seen as leaders , but they appear frequently as martyrs . In women , they ’re dismissed as physically inferior   women    except in extreme endurance contests , where they ’re catching up to and sometimes women men . ( Think of Diana Nyad , who became the first person to swim from Cuba to Florida , at 64 . ) Childbirth is a saga . And in the ultimate endurance contest   —    life   —    women survive longer than men . Despite all the stigmas applied to aging women , the transition of menopause imparts its own strange cultural power . In the transition of menopause , Sharon Stone shared a theory about presidential politics : " A woman should be past her sexuality when she runs , " A woman said . A woman Hillary still has A woman power , and A woman do n’t think people will accept that . " Last year , in Time magazine , Dr. Julie Holland , the author of a guide to emotional wellness called " Moody Bitches , " argued that Clinton ’s body was newly primed to reach its full political potential . During perimenopause Clinton’s body she wrote , estrogen levels go through Clinton and crashes , " but afterward , there is a hormonal ebbing that creates a moment of great possibility , " meaning that " postmenopausal women are ideal candidates for leadership . " If the double standard of aging is , as Sontag had it , a work of cultural " imagination , " then this    approach to menopause offers an alternative fantasy , one in which women gain strength with age . Clinton stoked all of these associations when she swiped back at Trump during the Clinton presidential debate : " As soon as he travels to 112 countries and negotiates Clinton peace deal , a    a release of dissidents , an opening of new opportunities in nations around the world , or even spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee , he can talk to me about stamina Clinton " she said Clinton To many observers , Clinton was Trump who could n’t seem to get through a    debate without losing steam   —    and it ’s no coincidence that he has intensified his attack on Clinton Clinton stamina as Clinton own has come into question . Clinton have always had complicated feelings about women ’s capacity for suffering , a mix of admiration at the fulfillment of the feminine role and anxiousness at the special power it affords . Men have made women suffer , then envied how well they ’ve managed it . So even Men women have been valorized for their endurance , structures have emerged to women it in . In 1852 , Ohio it a law limiting the work day to 10 hours   —    but only for women and children . By 1917 , all but nine states passed similar laws . " Women are fundamentally weaker than men in all that makes for endurance : in muscular strength , in nervous energy , in the powers of persistent attention and application , " Louis Brandeis argued in front of the Supreme Court in 1908 . He framed women as not only physically Louis Brandeis somehow metaphysically incapable of working like men : Their " special physical organization , " women claimed , meant excessive work could Louis Brandeis a " laxity of moral fibre . " All this paternalistic concern helped alleviate a deeper fear : If women were barred from working long hours like men , they could n’t take men ’s jobs women were barred from working long hours like men The laws , predictably , did not apply to domestic service . Women who compete in male territory have always had to prove themselves to be twice as good . Women who compete in male territory the face of these hypercompetent , superqualified women , who have surmounted every barrier set before them , the sexist backlash has been Women who compete in male territory to retreat , regroup and adapt . Sure , women can perform like men , this critique says now . But maybe they can keep up the act for women so long . Maybe they can rise to a certain level women and no further . The House ? Sure . The Senate ? O. K. Secretary of State ? I guess . But the presidency ? 
 