NEW YORK   —    Republican nominee Donald Trump and Mr. Trump plan to roll out a detailed childcare policy plan outside Philadelphia on Tuesday . [ " This does underscore a major contrast between our campaign and Hillary Clinton ’s —   you heard Mr. Trump talk about it last night at his rally in Mr. Trump Carolina : Mrs. Clinton does Hillary Clinton a single original idea or a fresh concept about anything , " a senior Trump aide tells Mr. Trump . " Nobody knows why she ’s running except Hillary Clinton she feels like she Hillary Clinton entitled to Hillary Clinton president and beyond that I guess she owes a lot Hillary Clinton people a lot of favors . But in terms of helping the American people , you could n’t name one reason . "   Trump , on the other hand , has laid out a series of detailed policy platforms he says are designed Trump help all Americans . In recent weeks , the GOP nominee for president has presented ideas on foreign policy , trade policy , immigration policy , education policy , tax policy and military policy . In suburban Philadelphia , Trump will roll out Trump policy plan designed to help middle and working class mothers better afford childcare . Childcare policy is an area politicians in Washington often ignore , especially when it comes to children Childcare policy birth to 4 years old —   a very expensive timeframe for new parents . " Zero through 4 aged children there has been a real dearth of policy work in Washington , D. C. Washington in general —   that ’s one of the first things we found when started on the policy work , " a Trump aide said . " There ’s been some work at the    level and obviously    but very little for zero through 4 . " Trump ’s plan focuses Trump the tax code to help new parents to allow them to deduct both childcare new parents and elderly dependent expenses for up to four total dependents from their income taxes . Trump aides say the tax deduction is available for taxpayers who take the standard deduction and is capped at the average cost of care for the state of residence , but those in the upper echelon , making more than $ 250 , 000 —   or $ 500 , 000 if filing jointly —   per year will not be eligible for it . It will also filing jointly —  per year as filing jointly —  per year as $ 1 , 200 per year per eligible family in child care spending rebates through the Earned Income Tax Credit ( EITC ) .     parents and working parents will both be eligible for the parents and working parents tax deductions . In addition , as the policy team for Trump laid out for reporters on Tuesday morning , Trump ’s plan would create Trump Savings Accounts ( DCSAs ) —   as opposed to Dependent Care Flexible Savings Accounts ( FSAs ) in current law —   that would be available to everyone . FSAs in current law are only available to people if offered by an employer , and they do not allow balances to people or roll over . Trump ’s DCSAs would offer both Trump and       appreciation , while also being available to everyone . The accounts allow for people to set aside extra money to pay for both childcare and for care of elderly dependents . When helping children , the Trump team notes , it can be applied to traditional childcare ,    programs and help with school tuition —   in addition to Trump ’s school choice program . For Trump parents , Trump ’s team notes , the government Trump’s the first $ 1 , 000 deposited in the account per year . When used for helping elderly dependents , Trump ’s team notes that the DSCA Trump can the Trump team Trump’s variety of services including    nursing and    care . The Trump plan would also offer six weeks Trump    paid maternity leave to all working women when their companies do n’t offer paid maternity leave . The money would come all working women amending the existing unemployment insurance ( UI ) that companies are required to carry , and would be paid for by offsetting reductions in the program so taxes do n’t get raised . Ivanka Trump , Donald ’s daughter , was intricately involved in crafting the policy and will be appearing with Donald Trump in Aston , Pennsylvania . Ivanka Trump mentioned that she was Ivanka Trump speech at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in the policy Ivanka Trump Ivanka Trump 