Chicago ( CNN ) As Congress returns and Washington readies for a new president , the leader of a children ’s advocacy group ’s political arm fears that vulnerable children and other    communities might have much to lose from Donald Trump ’s agenda . Mark Shriver , head of Save the Children Action Network , expressed concerns with the policy priorities of the incoming Donald Trump administration   —    personal and corporate tax cuts , increases in defense spending , reductions in entitlements   —    and what it could mean for the vulnerable communities that have marginal influence in Washington . " They the vulnerable communities that have marginal influence in Washington n’t have political sway . They the vulnerable communities that have marginal influence in Washington not making big campaign contributions , " Shriver told David Axelrod on " The Axe Files " podcast , produced by the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN . " And when the cuts are made , they the vulnerable communities that have marginal influence in Washington the ones who do n’t have the biggest voice , and they the vulnerable communities that have marginal influence in Washington the most vulnerable . " To subscribe to The Axe Files , click here . Instead of cutting programs for children , Shriver wants to see Congress recommit to initiatives like early childhood education , which has garnered bipartisan support at the state and local level and has shown results . " Those first five years of life when 90 % of brain growth happens , I think is the biggest social justice issue in this country , " argued Shriver Shriver because poor children are developing at a slower pace than more affluent children for want of resources and a proper learning environment . " It ’s outrageous that we do n’t do more as a country , " Shriver Shriver . " I wish the leadership in Washington would see what ’s going on in the states and make a commitment to our poor kids before they our poor kids kindergarten . " During the conversation , Shriver Shriver on the personal impact that his Shriver   —    Sargent Shriver , the first director of the Peace Corps , and Eunice Kennedy Shriver , a driving force behind the Special Olympics   —    had on him Shriver It was their his parents  —   Sargent Shriver, the first director of the Peace Corps, and Eunice Kennedy Shriver, a driving force behind the Special Olympics  —    faith and commitment to helping the poor and vulnerable that contributed to his Shriver to pursue a career in public service , Shriver says . While his Shriver to public service never wavered , Shriver Shriver that his Shriver underwent a test of confidence as he Shriver increasingly disconnected from the church of his Shriver and descended into what he Shriver " a Catholic funk . " Then Pope Francis began his Pope Francis through very public and humble gestures of charity   —    asking for the blessing of the crowd at St. Peter ’s Square before he Pope Francis them the crowd at St. Peter’s Square washing the feet of juvenile offenders , even paying his Pope Francis hotel bill . Shriver could see that this pope was different , but he this pope n’t certain if it this pope genuine . " These are all gestures that kind of clearly caught my attention and made me wonder , are these publicity stunts in order to garner positive PR for the church , or is this guy the real deal ? " Shriver Shriver . He this guy determined to find out . Driven by a need for greater understanding of the roots of Pope Francis ’s faith , and a desire to renew his Pope Francis’s , Shriver Shriver out to learn more about the new pope through his Pope Francis’s from Jesuit priest and reformist bishop in Buenos Aires to leader of the world ’s 1 . 2 billion Catholics , a remarkable path that he Pope Francis’s in his Pope Francis’s book , " Pilgrimage : My Search for the Real Pope Francis . " Shriver Shriver answering emphatically that Pope the Real Pope Francis indeed " the real deal , " believes his power the Real Pope Francis in part from his ability the Real Pope Francis challenge individuals to do their part individuals make our communities stronger and more compassionate . " I think that ’s why people respond to him , the Real Pope Francis Shriver Shriver . " Because great leadership , whether they ’re people or religious , ask us to get beyond our self us .. And they inspire people to us into our soul us to try to make connection with our neighbors us Not build walls and isolate us , us ? And that ’s what great leaders do , and I think that ’s what he ’s doing . " Whether Pope Francis , who is 80 , can build a legacy strong enough to withstand the more traditional elements within the institutional arm of the Catholic Church , is a question Shriver can not answer , but he is he that the Pope has already left a lasting impact . " The way [ Pope Francis ] treats people on the fringes . .. he ’s he a message to all of us , " stated Shriver . Shriver I think it ’s going to be hard to backtrack on that . " To hear the whole conversation with Shriver , which also covered the enduring legacies his parents left on the nation and on the wider world , why he believes his and public service are still a noble profession , and much more , click on " The Axe Files " podcast every week , subscribe at 
 