  ( CNN ) Democrats have been desperate to deal President Donald Trump a real setback at the ballot box for months     and all Democrats hopes are riding on Tuesday ’s House election in Georgia .   In what ’s become the most expensive House race in history , both Democrats and Republicans have tons at stake .   A win by Democrat Jon Ossoff will give Democrat Jon Ossoff a crucial proof point that Trump ’s unpopularity is damaging Republicans up and down the ballot     and make it Trump’s unpopularity is harder GOP lawmakers on Capitol Hill to tie their GOP lawmakers on Capitol Hill political fortunes to Trump Trump health care , tax reform and more . It Trump’s unpopularity is also give progressives who pumped $ 23 million into Ossoff ’s campaign something to celebrate .   A win by Republican Karen Handel , meanwhile , would give Trump Trump Republicans confidence in their Trump and Republicans . And it Trump’s unpopularity is deliver a sharp blow to Democrats who had seen the race as their Democrats , best shot at a special election win that would pump their Democrats up and help them Democrats    candidates for the 2018 midterms . Ossoff and Handel were the top two finishers in an April 19 primary , and advanced to the June 20     runoff . The polls in Cobb , Fulton and DeKalb counties     the three where the sixth district House seat is located     close at 7 p. m. ET on Tuesday .   Here are five things to watch in Georgia ’s special election :   Will Republicans show up ? Would they Republicans for Ossoff ? In ordinary years , this is no swing district . Former Rep. Tom Price     whose departure to become Trump ’s health and human services secretary opened the seat up     won by at least 23 percentage points every time he Former Rep. Tom Price    whose departure to become Trump’s health and human services secretary opened the seat up     on the ballot since 2004 . Mitt Former Rep. Tom Price    whose departure to become Trump’s health and human services secretary opened the seat up     the no swing district 23 points in 2012 .   The only reason Democrats have even an inkling it could be competitive is that Trump collapsed here Trump’s besting Hillary Clinton by just 1 . 5 points last fall .   That all means there are many more people who typically vote Republican in the district than Democrats .   It ’s created it rare scenario where the huge early vote turnout     140 , 000 people have already cast their ballots , 140, 000 people 36 , 000 who did n’t vote at all in the April primary     could actually benefit Republicans .   The question is whether these scores of what have historically been reliably GOP voters are separating this race from their distaste for GOP voters and sticking with Handel     or have been turned off more broadly by the Republican brand under Trump and are Trump to back Ossoff .   The 36 , 000 voters who did not participate in the primary are the April primary     most baffling to both parties . Both sides have placed both parties on turning out voters who participated in Georgia ’s presidential primaries last year but did not vote in April     and there are more Republicans than Democrats in that pool of potential voters .   What it all means : No one is quite sure what to expect , aside from a close race .   Democrats’ focus :    turnout , Democrats have placed a particular emphasis on turning out      voters . The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has pumped hundreds of thousands into ads on black radio stations and digital ads , as well as $ 325 , 000 for      mail pieces targeting those voters .   The makeup of the electorate is critical to watch . Ossoff has endorsements from two leading    Georgia Democrats     Rep. John Lewis , a civil rights icon , and Rep. Hank Johnson . But he is also just 30 Rep. John Lewis, a civil rights icon, and Rep. Hank Johnson old and does not have    political connections through the district .   To win , Ossoff will need something approaching Ossoff turnout from Democratic base voters     and    are a crucial component of that base .   If Ossoff wins : Democrats will Ossoff a majority , Ossoff ’s campaign has been Ossoff ground for Democrats’ hopes that Trump ’s unpopularity will allow them to compete for    seats Ossoff wins: Democrats will eye a majority, Ossoff’s campaign has been a testing ground for Democrats’ hopes that Trump’s unpopularity will allow them to compete for   seats in suburban areas across America.   suburban areas across America .   Many of those districts are actually less Republican than Georgia ’s sixth district . What they tend to have in common : Relatively highly educated , wealthy and diverse populations , plus people who     like thousands in Ossoff ’s district     voted for Mitt Romney in 2012 and then backed Hillary Clinton in 2016 .   An Ossoff win would be a proof point suggesting that Democrats are on the right track .   It would also be important in two other significant ways : Online ,    fundraising has shattered records so far this year , and an Ossoff win would likely keep that Ossoff flowing in . And Democrats are deep into recruiting their crop of challengers for GOP Democrats in 2018 an Ossoff victory could embolden more top Ossoff to jump in .   If Handel wins : House GOP leaders can breathe easy , The outcome of Georgia ’s contest is likely to become a prism through which congressional Republicans view Trump     a reality with major policy and political implications .   A spate of retirements from nervous incumbents who lack the stomach for a bitter    battle could be avoidable : A Handel victory could show worried party members     particularly those in suburban districts that Democrats are targeting     that they can still rely on a Democrats of turning out their base in    districts , Democrats if Trump is unpopular there . She ’ll have even helped write Trump playbook , after relentlessly working to tie Ossoff to Nancy Pelosi and hitting him on national security .   It would also make life easier for congressional GOP leadership , which ca n’t afford to shed many votes from nervous members if it is to advance tax reform and health care legislation in the coming months .   But make no mistake : Republicans are closely watching the results to see just how much of a drag Trump is on Handel . Even a razor’   win in a district where GOP congressional candidates typically top 60 % would be a stark reminder of the wave potential of the 2018 midterms . After all , 71 incumbent Republicans sit in districts that are     per the Cook Political Report ’s partisan voter index     less    than Georgia ’s 6th District .   A clear Handel win could show Republican lawmakers that there ’s no need to distance themselves from Trump     but anything Republican lawmakers of that could send them scurrying from the President . Republican lawmakers Was Ossoff too liberal or too moderate ?   Ossoff became a fundraising phenomenon because Ossoff represented progressives’ best chance of Ossoff a House seat from Republicans early in the Trump presidency . He raised more Trump     $ 23 Ossoff that way .   But if you watch Ossoff on the campaign trail or Ossoff TV ads , you ’d never know it .   Through the campaign Ossoff Ossoff was hesitant to even say Ossoff ’s name . Instead , he sold himself as a moderate Ossoff would Ossoff work across the aisle , who fretted about deficit spending and who was n’t even sure he ’d vote for Pelosi for Ossoff speaker .   This reality has Sen. Bernie Sanders’ liberal wing of the party concerned that the Democratic establishment is recruiting and running too many moderates     and the establishment worried that Sanders’ insurgency the Democratic establishment a loss as proof the party needs to embrace a the party aggressive , populist ,    message .   Sanders himself fed this narrative when he pointedly answered , " I do n’t Sanders himself , " when the Wall Street Journal asked him this spring whether Ossoff is a progressive Sanders himself " Some Democrats are progressive , and some Democrats are not , " Sanders said     though he later clarified that Sanders himself does support Ossoff       This could     tensions that already exist between the    left , which fumed over the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ’s refusal to spend heavily on races in Kansas and Montana , and the DCCC . 
 