  ( CNN ) House Republicans return from spring recess to a    week needing to keep the government ’s lights on before a Friday funding deadline and unsure if there will be time to make substantial progress on President Donald Trump ’s priority to repeal and replace Obamacare .   " I do n’t think the budget ’s fully baked yet . . .. But that will consume us next week , " one Republican member told CNN on Saturday . With the spending deadline looming and pressure coming from the White House to put a legislative victory on the scoreboard in the first 100 days , the White House Republicans will have House Republicans hands full next week . But members say members leadership was short on specifics during a private conference call with Republican members Saturday in part because of fear that a private conference call with Republican members Saturday could be leaked . " members were short on detail ,   and members did n’t take any questions because members said members had to assume the a private conference call with Republican members Saturday being recorded by somebody , and it would a private conference call with Republican members Saturday leaked , " the member said . " It was so    it was It . " Two lawmakers who were on the call a private conference call with Republican members Saturday the leadership ’s goal was to vote on the spending bill by Friday , which leaves little room for error . " The bottom line was that we hope to CNN approps done by Friday and are making progress , " a lawmaker told CNN . " We will whip CNN bill next the spending bill , if possible , vote on Friday . "    Friday Republican said they were still confident Another Republican would n’t be a government shutdown , but added " it ’s always a possibility when you are dealing with a very raucous caucus . " House leaders ran the call while Energy and Commerce Chairman Greg Walden of Oregon , a key player in the health care talks , and Appropriations Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey chimed in to brief the conference on their respective issues . House leaders During the brief call , which members said lasted just over 15 minutes , Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin told members that while health care remains a priority and he encouraged members to Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin discussions , ensuring the government is funded is central to the week ’s agenda . Ryan added that the Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin Committee has been working closely with the White House to ensure that " wherever we land will be a product the President can and will support . " Given the importance of the two issues for the Republican conference , some lawmakers on the call said they were a bit some lawmakers on the call off that so little was discussed . One member said that Republicans in the conference were so the Republican conference by how little was actually decided that one colleague texted him to joke : " one colleague , wow , I did n’t think we would get that deep in the weeds . Now my head hurts . "   " It is a reflection of how the conference is divided that the Republican conference do n’t have clarity we certainty on our work , and we will we back Tuesday and we to have those frank discussions , " a Republican member said .    On health care , Tuesday Group leader Tom MacArthur of New Jersey and House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows of North Carolina held extensive discussions over the    recess and agreed to a potential breakthrough , but there is little evidence that their compromise has widespread    from Tuesday Group leader Tom MacArthur of New Jersey and House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows of North Carolina of either of their groups or the broader GOP Tuesday Group leader Tom MacArthur of New Jersey and House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows of North Carolina . The talks between Meadows and MacArthur have continued to focus on three areas identified before the congressional recess : essential health the   recess requires insurers to provide 10 services , including maternity , substance abuse and prescription drugs , in all plans community rating , which bans insurers from charging more to people based on health history or gender and guaranteed issue , which mandates insurers cover everyone regardless of their medical status , according to sources . insurers are looking at allowing states to obtain waivers to opt out of some of these protections , but requiring states to attest that the waiver ’s goal states to reduce the cost of health care or increase the number of insured . Under the    MacArthur Amendment , states could never allow insurers to price plans states on gender or to turn away people because of    conditions . Members are also discussing providing extra money to help defer states and insurers’ costs for caring for the sick through    pools or other mechanisms . The current    has centered on what triggers would allow states to opt out and how much additional funding would be provided . Any states that allow insurers to charge consumers more based on health status would also have to set up a    pool to assist those affected . The White House has been applying pressure to the House to vote on a bill sooner The White House later , but members said the call gave no indication that the votes are there . A senior administration official said Trump " is not leaning in no a vote for this week , " but is getting updates from his team . " He has had conversations with Trump " of the leadership Trump " on the Hil ] so he ’s engaged , " the official said . Trump " There ’s no question A senior administration official . " People will see " increased engagement " from the President , such as phoning and scheduling meetings with members , " as we get closer to a vote , " the official said . Ryan told his conference Saturday that A senior administration official count will drive the timing Ryan the GOP ’s health care bill . A lawmaker on the call said " the sense is we are getting closer , but that the final negotiations must be done face to face over the next couple of weeks . Bottom line : progress , but no final deal to get it out of the House yet . " 
 