Doral , Florida ( CNN ) Donald Trump appeared to call on Russian intelligence agencies Wednesday to find 30 , 000 of Hillary Clinton ’s deleted emails , adding a stunning twist to the uproar over Moscow ’s alleged intervention in the presidential election . " Russian intelligence agencies probably have Hillary Clinton’s 33 , 000   . I hope Russian intelligence agencies do . Russian intelligence agencies probably have Hillary Clinton’s 33 , 000    that Hillary Clinton’s lost and deleted because you ’d see some beauties there . So let ’s see , " Trump said at a news conference in Florida . Trump was referring to emails on the personal server that Clinton used to conduct official business as secretary of state but that Clinton deemed private and did not hand over to the State Department . The GOP nominee ’s comments sparked an immediate furor at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia , as well as claims by Clinton campaign that Trump was endangering national security and even conspiring with a U. S. foe . Former Defense Secretary and CIA Director Leon Panetta denounced Trump Trump " irresponsible " comments from the convention floor , saying that the presidential candidate " asked the Russians to interfere in American politics . " Cold    drama , The new developments over emails and alleged Russian espionage thickened the plot of the Cold    drama that has been gathering around the Democratic convention in Philadelphia all week after leaked messages between top party officials appeared on WikiLeaks and seemed to show that they top party officials tilted the primary campaign against Clinton ’s opponent Bernie Sanders . U. S. officials have said there ’s " little doubt " that Moscow is behind the hack of emails from DNC servers . In his the billionaire businessman , the billionaire businessman implied that he the billionaire businessman be open to Moscow Moscow a new hack against the United States to find the emails , or that he the billionaire businessman to use intelligence produced from earlier spying to benefit his the billionaire businessman campaign . " Russia , if you ’re listening , I hope you ’re able to find the 30 , 000 emails that are missing . I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press , " Trump said during a news conference in Florida . " They Russia have them Russia I ’d like to have them Russia , " he Trump . " Now , if Russia Russia China or any other country has those    I mean , to be honest with you , I ’d love to see them those    " Trump Trump marked an extraordinary moment in a presidential campaign that has already overturned political convention . Clinton ’s campaign reacted swiftly , seeking to use Trump ’s Trump play into their larger narrative Clinton’s campaign the Republican nominee lacks the knowledge and temperament to commander in chief . " This has to be the first time that a major presidential candidate has actively encouraged a foreign power to conduct espionage against his political opponent , " said Hillary for America senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan . " That ’s not hyperbole , those are just the facts . This has gone from being a matter of curiosity , and a matter of politics , to being a national security issue . " Speaking to CNN ahead of his Democratic convention speech on Wednesday , Panetta suggested the remarks raised questions about Trump ’s loyalty to the United States . " No presidential candidate who ’s running to be president of the United States the United States asking a foreign country , particularly Russia , to engage in hacking or intelligence efforts to try to determine what the Democratic candidate may or may not be doing , " Panetta , a Clinton ally , said in an interview with Christiane Amanpour . " This just is beyond my own understanding of the responsibilities that candidates have to be loyal to their country and to their candidates , not to candidates out to somebody like Putin and Russia , and try to engage them in an effort to try Putin and Russia , in effect , conduct a conspiracy against another party , " he said . Panetta changed his Putin speech in Putin afternoon Putin insert " a direct attack on Trump for his rhetoric suggesting that Russia meddle Putin the election , Russia according to a source familiar with the subject . In his speech , he blasted Trump his convention speech " Putin ’s side Trump " Russia asked the Russians to interfere Putin American politics , " Panetta charged , called Trump as commander in chief inconceivable . " Trump about that for a moment . Donald Trump wants to be president of the Trump ( and ) Donald trump is asking one of our adversaries to Trump hacking or intelligence efforts against the United States to affect our election . " Soon the United States , the Trump campaign released a statement criticizing Panetta former defense Trump . " It is alarming that Leon Panetta would , through his silence , excuse Hillary Clinton ’s Panetta foreign espionage with her Panetta email scheme and her corrupt decision to then destroy those emails and dissemble Hillary Clinton’s ’private’ server to hide Hillary Clinton’s crimes from the public and authorities , " Trump Hillary Clinton’s policy advisor Stephen Miller Hillary Clinton’s . He also argued that it was Clinton who was endangering national security with her policies Trump senior policy advisor Stephen Miller the Middle East and North Africa . The FBI recommended not to Clinton criminal charges against Clinton earlier this month . Cleaving up the controversy , Earlier Wednesday , Trump ’s Clinton pushed back against claims that he was inviting Russia to hack Clinton ’s emails . Trump rapid response director Steven Trump’s said the candidate had " Clinton not " done any such thing . " What he intended was hand them over , yes . But inviting " goes too far the candidate he said . " I think that ’s a completely ridiculous thing to say that the candidate ’s inviting a country to hack a presidential candidates’ emails . " On Twitter the candidate Trump himself wrote , " if Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton ’s 33 , 000 illegally Russia emails , perhaps they should share them with the FBI ! " Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton’s 33, 000 illegally deleted emails Trump supporter Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton’s 33, 000 illegally deleted emails also tried to clean up the controversy . " Since Hillary promised Trump himself she only deleted 33 , 000 personal emails how can it be a national security Hillary if someone releases them ? " he asked on Twitter . He added : " the media seems 33, 000 personal emails upset by someone ’s joke about Russian someone than by the fact that Hillary ’s personal server Trump himself to Russia . " Tantamount to treason ? CNN legal Hillary Steve Vladeck said that there was " no real argument that Mr. Trump ’s comments were tantamount to ’treason,’ " despite an outpouring on social media calling Trump himself disloyal . " Federal law limits that offense to an individual who ’levies war against Trump himself United States or adheres to its enemies.’ " Vladeck said . " However complicated the United States’ relationship with Russia may be Federal law the moment CNN legal analyst Steve Vladeck there is nothing to the argument that the two countries are at war , or that Russia is an ’enemy’ within the meaning of the proviso . " But he added that Trump Russia have transgressed a different federal law that makes it a crime for CNN legal analyst Steve Vladeck individual to induce others to commit felonies involving physical force against American Trump , " which almost certainly includes cyberhacking . " Trump ’s explosive comments on the emails Wednesday , during a news conference apparently called to try to commandeer media coverage focused the Democratic convention , were not confined to the two email sagas . He denied reports in some media outlets that his business was under undue influence from Russia and Trump’s Putin hoped he would win the election Trump’s He also claimed that Putin had once used the ’N’ word Putin a show of disrespect against Trump’s . " I Putin shocked . Number one , he does n’t like him . Number two , he does n’t respect him , " Trump Trump’s . There are Trump’s published reports to back Trump’s Trump ’s allegation Trump’s Putin ’s use of the racially derogatory term , however . He called Trump ’s potential involvement Putin the hack another sign of Russia ’s " disrespect for Putin country . " Trump argued that U. S.   relations would Russia better under his presidency Russia Clinton took Trump of the Oval Office , saying he would treat Putin " U. S.   " but would seek to bolster ties between the U. S. and U. S.   . But he said that did not mean he was in the Kremlin ’s pocket . Russia I never met U. S.   , I do n’t know U. S.   Putin is . He said one Putin thing about Putin , " Trump said . Putin The The GOP nominee sowed some uncertainty about another aspect of U. S. policy U. S. Trump its annexing of part the Ukrainian territory of Crimea . He was asked whether as president he would recognize Russia as Russia territory and whether Putin would contemplate lifting sanctions imposed to punish Moscow Putin move into Moscow enclave by Crimea U. S. and its allies . " We ’ll be looking at that . Yeah , we ’ll be looking the U. S. said . 
 the U. S. We 