   Hollywood actress Susan Sarandon expressed doubts on Stephen Colbert ’s The Late Show about Hillary Clinton ’s " moral judgment " and said Hillary Clinton is " more afraid " of Hillary Clinton than Hillary Clinton is of Donald Trump ’s proposed border wall . [ After Stephen Colbert showed   Hollywood actress Susan Sarandon an old photo of   Hollywood actress Susan Sarandon posing with Hillary Clinton ,   Hollywood actress Susan Sarandon said , " Look at how happy we were . Then I had to break up with her Hillary Clinton "   Criticizing Clinton Hillary Clinton " support for fracking , " her Hillary Clinton for the 2003 invasion of Iraq , and her Hillary Clinton to raising the minimum wage to $ 15 an hour , Sarandon   —    who is supporting Democratic socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders   —    stated she Hillary Clinton Clinton Hillary Clinton not progressive enough to lead the country . " So I was like , ‘ Who is this person ? I ca n’t trust her,’ " she Hillary Clinton of her Hillary Clinton breakup " with Clinton Hillary Clinton " I do n’t trust her Hillary Clinton " " You need somebody that has the moral judgment beforehand , not when it the moral judgment safe , " she Hillary Clinton . Colbert then pointed out that Sanders Democratic socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders   significantly behind in the delegate count , to which Sarandon suggested Sanders Democratic socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders   have a shot at winning the Democratic nomination at a contested convention . The Sanders is significantly behind in the delegate count, to which Sarandon suggested Sanders might have a shot at winning the Democratic nomination at a contested convention her Hillary Clinton she Hillary Clinton vote for Clinton if Sanders Democratic socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders   the nomination . " I ’m not dealing with that yet , " she Hillary Clinton back . Colbert later brought up comments Sarandon made Sarandon month about her possibly Sarandon Trump over Clinton in Clinton general election . " You said , ‘ Trump might Trump the revolution faster,’ " he said Trump Sarandon walked Sarandon the comment and said , " I ’m more afraid of actually Hillary Clinton ’s war record and her hawkishness Sarandon I am of building a wall . But that does n’t mean that I would vote for Trump . Trump Sarandon said Sarandon " And I ’m not sure Trump is Trump na get it . Trump think all kinds of crazy things could happen at those conventions . " " You would n’t vote for Trump over Trump ? " Colbert asked . " Come on . Who is going to vote for Trump , Trump ? " she replied Hillary " A lot of people ! " Colbert said Colbert " A lot of people ! A lot of people ! " Sarandon responded Sarandon " A lot of people , but not a lot of women , not a lot of minorities once you get the information out there . He ’s been doing really well against a crowded field , but    …      we ’ll see what happens . " Watch the interview : During an interview with MSNBC ’s Chris Hayes in March , Sarandon said Sarandon Trump might be a better option for president than Hillary Clinton . " I think Bernie would probably encourage people to [ support Hillary if Hillary Clinton loses Bernie because he does Bernie have any ego in this thing , " she said Sarandon " But I think a lot of people are , ‘ Sorry , I just ca n’t bring myself to Sarandon vote for Hillary ] Hillary Clinton ’ " Sarandon added , " You know , some people feel that Donald Trump will bring the revolution immediately . If he gets Donald Trump , then things will really explode . Some people feel that . " 
 