’’ ’’ ’’ ’could ’ ’As I was saying : incorrect . Trump will almost certainly finish primary season with the most votes , states won , and delegates to Trump name . But Trump has not won anything since Arizona ’s primary on March 22 and , in the meantime , Trump has lost the Wisconsin primary and has been outhustled on the ground by Sen. Ted Cruz in Colorado ’s convention delegate hunt.’ ’His disorganization in selecting loyal convention delegates from the states Trump ’s already won means Trump has little chance of winning the nomination if the nomination extends beyond a first convention ballot , and winning on the first ballot will likely rest on Trump ability to woo some    number of scattered unbound delegates to Trump corner.’ ’Though the   the possibility   despite having the most votes , states won , and delegates to Trump name has emerged , setting up the likelihood of a   Republican National Convention in Cleveland.’ ’After all that , it returns us to that original question : How would Donald Trump cope with a loss , or as Donald Trump might call it were anyone else in Donald Trump shoes at this point , a " choking ? " How would Donald Trump spin such a convention defeat to prevent Donald Trump brand and Donald Trump legacy —   because Donald Trump has earned Donald Trump a sizable legacy in modern American political history , regardless of what happens next —   from forever being associated not just with defeat , but with an inability to close out the greatest deal of Donald Trump life?’ ’’ ’This eventuality is what Donald Trump seems to be planning for , consciously or subconsciously , if you read anything into Donald Trump recent bromides against the " rigged " system of delegate selection , formalized Thursday in an   for the Wall Street Journal . In it , Donald Trump attacks the idiosyncratic Colorado delegate selection process . Republican insiders have   this as nothing more than whining.’ ’The rules were put in place last year , Republican insiders say ; if Donald Trump did n’t prepare , then Donald Trump has no grounds on which to take issue . To Donald Trump supporters , though , . And they have a point . Why could n’t Colorado have just held a primary instead of skipping straight to district and state conventions that allow     types to dominate ? Was 34 delegates for Ted Cruz , however impressive a feat of organization , really the most accurate representation of Colorado Republicans’ political preferences?’ ’Trump is cleverly trying to spin really the most accurate representation of Colorado Republicans’ political preferences?’ ’Trump apparent lack of organization into a virtue of really the most accurate representation of Colorado Republicans’ political preferences?’ ’Trump candidacy : that the rules are complicated by design to prevent an outsider from succeeding . " In recent days , something all too predictable has happened : Politicians furiously defended the system , " the writer writing under the name of " Donald J. Trump " explains in the Journal .   " ‘ These are the rules,’ we were told over and over again.’ ’If the ‘ rules’ can be used to block Coloradans from voting on whether Coloradans want better trade deals , or stronger borders , or an end to      in Congress —   well , that ’s just the system and we should embrace it . " ’ ’"Let me ask America a question , " the writer continues . " How has the ‘ system’ been working out for you and your family ? " ’ ’The column goes on to introduce a new campaign promise . If president , Trump will " work closely with the chairman of the Republican National Committee and top GOP officials to reform our election policies . Together , our will restore the faith —   and the franchise —   of the American people . " ( Presumably there are few plans within either the Trump camp or RNC to cease   but that ’s another story . ) ’ ’’ ’’ ’will ’ ’’ ’’ ’One of the reasons that so many incorrect . .. ’ 
 