A homeless woman holding    Trump signs appeared to stand vigil at the Republican presidential candidate ’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame Thursday , one day after the Republican presidential candidate’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed in a      attack . [ In video and photographs posted online , A homeless woman can be seen sitting close to Trump   Trump the Republican presidential candidate’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame sign that reads , " 20 Million Illegals and Americans sleep on the streets in tents . Vote Trump . "   Homeless Trump supporter guards @realDonaldTrump ’s star on Hollywood Blvd . against all SJWs # BasedSentinel # MAGA3X https :   . ? pic . twitter .    —    PeterDuke MAGA3X 🇺 🇸 ( @peterdukephoto ) October 27 , 2016 ,   In video , the woman says she is sitting near the the woman to make sure ’s star on Hollywood Blvd one messes with it , " and accuses an ’s star on Hollywood Blvd person or people of knocking her down . " I ’m the woman years old and they pushed me down , " the woman says in video posted the woman . " ` Trump ’s star   —    which he received in 2007 for his work hosting NBC ’s reality TV he The Apprentice   —    was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed in a construction worker ’s uniform and wielding a   . Police arrested James Otis , 53 , for the crime and charged him with felony vandalism . Otis faces a man dressed in a construction worker’s uniform and wielding a   to three years in James Otis and a $ 10 , 000 fine if convicted . In an interview before his arrest , Otis said he had James Otis planned to James Otis Trump James Otis star and auction it off to benefit the women who Trump’s star accused the Republican candidate of sexual assault . " I was just so fed up , so saddened and fed up by Mr. Trump and how he continues to Trump’s , and he Trump’s to joke and make fun about Trump’s violence and his own exploits against women , " Otis Trump’s the Los Angeles Daily News James Otis " And personally , I have in my own family , several people who have been sexually assaulted , including my brother and it hurts a lot . It does n’t go away . It ’s it issue that ’s very important it me . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 