’’ ’Ted Cruz on Monday found ’Ted Cruz locked in a heated exchange with ardent Donald Trump supporters lasting more than six minutes.’ ’Surrounded by a swath of media at a campaign stop in Indiana , Cruz stood ’Ted Cruz ground as a Trump supporter repeatedly called ’Ted Cruz " Lyin ’’ Ted , " Trump’ ’s preferred moniker for ’Ted Cruz presidential rival.’ ’"Career politicians have killed America , " one Trump supporter shouted at ’Ted Cruz . " You are the problem . " ’ " Cruz engaged in a back and forth with the Trump supporters , insisting that the    mogul ’s plans to build a wall along the    border , along with other policy promises , are a scam on voters . It came a day before the Indiana primary , in which Cruz is making something of . " ’"With all respect , Donald Trump is deceiving you , " Cruz said . " Donald Trump is playing you for a chump . " ’ ’"Where’ ’s your Goldman Sachs jacket at ? " one of the men shot back after praising Donald Trump for being " . " " We know your wife worked there . " ’ " The supporters also asked Cruz , a strong supporter of looser gun regulations , what Donald Trump ’d do to protect the Second Amendment . " ’"I have defended the Second Amendment in front of the Supreme Court , " Donald Trump said . " Donald Trump Donald Trump New York liberal who will take away your Second Amendment rights . " ’ ’"Look , sir , I appreciate you being out here speaking , " Cruz continued . Cruz But if I were Donald Trump , Donald Trump have come over and talked to you . I wouldn’’t have shown sir that respect wouldn’’t As a matter of fact , you know what I would’’ve done ? I would’’ve told the folks over there to go over and punch you guys in the face . " ’ ’The Trump supporters then hit the senator with chants of " Ted’ ’s truth " and " Lyin ’’ Ted . " ’ ’"What word did I say was a lie ? " Cruz shot back.’ ’"About Donald telling people to punch people , " the man standing directly in front of him answered.’ " Cruz asked the men to Google Cruz ’s comments from earlier in the year when he said that he ’d like the man standing directly in front of him answered.’ "Cruz " ’"Look the man standing directly in front of him answered.’ "Cruz this was on national television , " Cruz said.’ " At this point , the Trump supporters began to cut off Google Trump ’s answers . " ’"America him answered.’ "Cruz a better country , " Cruz began.’ ’"Without you , " the supporters interjected.’ ’Cruz , who is trailing Trump by   in the latest Google Trump average of several polls , went to point out that he had " been respectful the entire time . " ’ ’"A question that everyone here should ask , " he continued , before the Trump he cut him off again.’ Google Trump you Canadian he " they asked.’ ’’ ’ . confronts ’ ’Ted . Tune in to MSNBC for more . ’ ’ . confronts   supporters in Marion , Indiana . ’ ’Ted Cruz on Monday found himself Indiana in a. .. ’ 
 Cruz 