  ( CNN ) Republican strategist and  (CNN) commentator Ana Navarro slammed GOP leaders for acting like members " of the Donald Trump cult , " saying GOP leaders must " step up and condemn " Donald Trump when circumstances demand it . Ana Navarro criticized House Speaker Paul Ryan for refusing to comment this week on the Donald Trump suggesting he had tapes Donald Trump conversations with fired FBI Director James Comey     a statement many interpreted as a threat .   When asked about the tweet on the President’s tweet Ryan told reporters Paul Ryan he was " Paul Ryan on what ’s in my control , and that is what is Congress doing to solve people ’s problems . " " I ’m going leave it to the President to talk about and defend his tweets , " the President said , Paul Ryan that he is working Paul Ryan other issues that matter to his constituents , Paul Ryan as health care and tax reform . " I hate picking a bone with Paul Ryan , Paul Ryan a friend Paul Ryan mine , but I think he needs to walk Paul Ryan chew gum at the same time , " Navarro said .   " I think you can applaud President Trump ’s efforts on health care if that ’s where you lie . I think you can applaud his his naming of Neil President Trump President Trump the Supreme Court , but I think when he does something like make President Trump veiled threat against the former FBI Director . .. I think people expect for leaders to step up and condemn that , " she added .   " That you are a Republican leader does not mean you are a cult member of the Donald Trump cult . It means that you call them as you see receive them , " she insisted them Navarro added she , as far as she was concerned , Republicans she follow a simple set of rules when it comes to President Trump . " When he does things that should President Trump applauded , you do , when he does things that should President Trump condemned , you do . You have a spine , you have a conscience and you have loyalty to the country and the constitution of the United States , " she said . " You she up and you wake up and you act up , " Navarro added . 
 