  ( CNN ) Marriage is rarely perfect . And it is certainly not effortless . So can we stop with the judgment ? Yes , Bill Clinton cheated . Yes , Donald Trump cheated . And , Bill Clinton Bill Clinton " stupid " for standing by her man as Bill Clinton have suggested .   Donald Trump is Donald Trump bring up Bill Clinton ’s Bill Clinton the next presidential debate .   The exact angle of attack he might employ is unclear Donald Trump although his surrogates are floating possible Donald Trump on themes he ’s used in the Donald Trump .   If he decides to reassert his Donald Trump of his opponent Donald Trump an enabler Donald Trump however , it wo n’t win over many women who ’ve been there .   A few months ago , when Donald Trump accused Hillary Clinton of being a " total enabler " of Bill Clinton ’s extramarital affairs , I wondered if that bomb would result in a Trumpian big , beautiful hole for Hillary Clinton . So I Hillary Clinton four women who sought support in an online chat community , SurvivingInfidelity . com . These women , like Clinton , four women who sought support in an online chat community, SurvivingInfidelity stay in Hillary Clinton marriages despite their husbands’ infidelity . four women who sought support in an online chat community, SurvivingInfidelity Marie , four women who sought support in an online chat community, SurvivingInfidelity nurse from North Carolina , took Trump ’s accusation personally . " It makes me angry , " she told me . " It makes Marie, a nurse from North Carolina sound like I made It easy It [ my husband ] It cheat on me . .. [ that ] I just suffered and allowed him to continue doing what he was doing . That ’s not him case at all . " " I think he ( Trump ) has no clue him what she ’s been through or what she Marie, a nurse from North Carolina done , " Lisa , Marie, a nurse from North Carolina mother and grandmother told me . " And I think it is an attack on her and women in general [ to Marie, a nurse from North Carolina ] that it ’s a sign of weakness to reconcile with a cheating partner . " All of the women feel there is a double standard when it comes to cheating . " Men cheat . It ’s a given , " Lisa it . And , like Donald Trump , some get a pass . Bill Clinton did too , although he was impeached for lying about it Bill Clinton But , he stayed in his marriage and Donald Bill Clinton left . Bill Clinton Trump ’s Donald Trump , Ivana Trump put Donald Trump blame squarely on Trump Donald Trump wife , Marla Maples . She Donald Trump Magazine in 2012 , " She [ Donald Trump ] asked to apologize to me . Donald Trump and I said no . Why should Donald Trump ? She broke my marriage ! "   Natalie can relate Donald Trump " his marriage zero respect for the women who did that with my husband . " But , she , like the other women , put the blame for Natalie where it belonged , on their husbands . But , they also the blame the infidelity was the other women sign of low    the other women , often , a symptom of a bigger problems . " It was a huge    call for both of us , " she said . " He made terrible choices . He broke Natalie . " Natalie told me she had not He the ideal wife either . " I Natalie n’t think either of us wanted to be divorced , " she said . " We just did n’t want to stay Natalie the way it us . " But , staying and fixing " the way it was " is not easy . It ’s leaving that ’s easy . " I think about it Clinton and about her choices and , you know , we all can agree Hillary Clinton certainly could have left him and had a successful career Hillary Clinton " Lisa told me Hillary Clinton " I wonder why she stayed or what made her think about staying . But Hillary Clinton I think it would Hillary Clinton be the easier way to leave . It is so difficult to recover from infidelity . It ’s been something I never could of understood until it happened to me . " Lisa wishes Clinton would talk about why she stayed when she Lisa so publicly humiliated . It might Lisa other women Lisa like her . But , Natalie understands why Clinton wo n’t . Lisa It ’s emotional rape , although Clinton sounds a bit extreme , " she said . " But , in some ways it makes Natalie . It ’s such an abuse of trust It but it ’s It " owed " to talk about it . It Is Bill Clinton guilty , as Trump has It , of being Clinton the " greatest abusers [ of women ] in the world ? " " I do think he is an abuser of women , " Marie told me . Clinton I think he uses women to get Natalie own personal needs met and I Clinton sure he also used Clinton , just like my husband used me . Clinton felt I was used like a source of comfort , I was the rock . .. the one who would always be there and I took care of everything . .. and so I think he emotionally abused Hillary . " Natalie has a different take . Clinton Trump would Hillary , " she said . " The subtext is Trump is trying to point Natalie weakness , as if Clinton did n’t stand up for herself . " Then , she added , " Obviously he does Natalie take marriage seriously . Natalie to pat myself on Clinton shoulder , but Trump ended two marriages . " Natalie And there ’s the thing Trump Bill Clinton did not leave the marriage . Did he stay out Clinton ? Friendship ? Family marriage ? Who Clinton ? Marriage is deeply personal . And , let ’s face it , you can only understand your own . When I asked Marie why she stayed with a man who cheated on her twice , she did n’t Marie . " I love him . I Marie do , Marie she said . " I understand some a man who cheated on her twice the reasons why he cheated and Marie of them have anything to do with me . I a man who cheated on her twice to stay because he some of the reasons why he cheated willing to go to therapy a man who cheated on her twice address those issues . " Bottom a man who cheated on her twice , she said , are you willing to live your life without that person ? Marie Clinton ’s longtime friend , James Blair , told CNN correspondent Pamela Brown that Clinton was not willing to live without Bill partly because she ’s stubborn , Clinton of her upbringing , and her pride . But Clinton ultimately Blair said , " Clinton think there ’s Clinton one reason and that ’s because she loves him . "   In other words , Clinton , like so Clinton other women , made a personal decision that was Clinton for her life . Is n’t that enough ? 
 Clinton 