WILMINGTON , N. C.   —    Donald J. Trump on Tuesday appeared to raise the possibility that gun rights supporters could take matters into gun rights supporters own hands if Hillary Clinton is elected president and appoints judges who favor stricter gun control measures . Repeating his contention that Hillary Clinton wanted to abolish the right to bear arms ,   Donald J. Trump warned at a rally here that it would be " a horrible day " if Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton and got to appoint a tiebreaking Supreme Court justice . " If she gets to Hillary Clinton her judges , Hillary Clinton you can do , folks , " Mr.   Donald J. Trump , as the crowd began to boo . He quickly   Donald J. Trump : " Although the Second Amendment people   —    maybe there is , I do n’t know . " Oblique as it was , Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump elicited a wave of condemnation from Democrats , gun control advocates and others , who accused him of suggesting violence   Donald J. Trump Mrs. Clinton or liberal jurists . Bernice A. King , daughter of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. called Mr. Trump ’s words   Donald J. Trump , disturbing , dangerous . " Mrs. Clinton ’s running mate , Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , expressed disbelief . " Nobody who is seeking a leadership position , especially the presidency , the leadership of the country , should do anything to countenance violence , and that ’s what he was saying , " Mr. Kaine said in Austin , Tex . He called Mr. Trump ’s remark " Mr. Kaine window into the soul of a person who is just temperamentally not suited to the task . " And Dan Gross , the president of the Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence , which has endorsed Mrs. Clinton , said Mr. Trump ’s statement was " repulsive Mr. Trump’s    literally using the Second Amendment as cover to encourage people to kill someone with whom they disagree . " " For Trump , people has become a standard talking Mr. Trump’s , a common punch line , and even a campaign strategy , " Mr. Gross said . Paul D. Ryan , the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump , told reporters on Tuesday night Mr. Trump’s remarks sounded " like a joke gone bad . " He added : " You should never joke about Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump . I hope he clears it up quickly . " Mr. Trump Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump his campaign did not treat his remark as a Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump instead , they insisted Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump was merely urging gun rights supporters Mr. Trump and his campaign vote Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump a bloc against Mrs. Clinton . " The Second Amendment people have tremendous power because they are so united , " he told a The Second Amendment people affiliate in North Carolina late Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump . In an interview with Fox News , Mr. Trump grew adamant . " There can be Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump interpretation , " he said , adding , " I mean , give Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump a break . " But at his rally earlier in the day , Mr. Trump had Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump been discussing what could happen once Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump was president , not before the election . And even many in the audience seemed caught by surprise . Video showed a man just over Mr. Trump ’s shoulder go    and turn to his companion Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump disbelief , when Mr. Trump made the remark Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump The uproar over Mr. Trump ’s     Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump as his campaign has been faced with a Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump surveys showing him quickly losing ground Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton , and just a day after his campaign called his Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump of a prepared economic speech in Detroit , evidence of a newfound his campaign . Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump Trump ’s fellow opponents of gun control stood by him , focusing on his depiction of Mrs. Clinton as a threat to the Second Amendment . " Mr. Trump Trump is absolutely Mr. Trump , " Mrs. Clinton Baker , a strategist for the National Rifle Association . Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton is elected , there is nothing we can do to stop her from nominating an    Supreme Mrs. Clinton who will vote to overturn the individual right of    citizens to Mrs. Clinton a gun in their home for protection . " The association also began running a new commercial characterizing Mrs. Clinton as " one of citizens wealthiest women in politics " the National Rifle Association her a hypocrite for favoring gun Mrs. Clinton having been " protected by armed guards for 30 years . " Her Mrs. Clinton policies , the ad says , would leave ordinary people " defenseless . " Veiled references to gun violence Mrs. Clinton tripped up candidates before . In 2010 , Sharron Angle , a Nevada Republican challenging the Senate majority leader at the time , Harry Reid , severely damaged her unsuccessful candidacy while discussing the importance of the Second Amendment . " When you read that Constitution and the founding Mrs. Clinton , they intended this to stop tyranny , " she said , adding : " It ’s to defend ourselves . And you know Constitution and the founding fathers I ’m hoping that we Mrs. Clinton not getting to Second Amendment remedies . I hope the vote Constitution and the founding fathers be the cure for the Harry Reid problems . Constitution and the founding fathers Mrs. Clinton herself learned the hard way : In June 2008 , shortly before she conceded defeat in Harry Reid primary contest with Barack Obama , Mrs. Clinton defended her perseverance in a way that critics said alluded to Mrs. Clinton possibility that Mr. Mrs. Clinton could be gunned down . " We Mrs. Clinton remember Mrs. Clinton Kennedy was assassinated in June in California , " Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Trump Mr. Trump did not repeat his violent insinuation at a later event in Fayetteville , Mrs. Clinton But Senator Chris Mrs. Clinton , Democrat of Connecticut , who has championed gun control since the Sandy Hook Mr. Trump shooting in his state , called Mr. Trump ’s remarks " disgusting Mr. Murphy guns and Mr. Trump hatred for Hillary are listening to you , @realDonaldTrump . " The condemnation from Mr. Trump ’s critics across the political spectrum was deep . On Twitter , the conservative writer John Podhoretz , in a series of posts , wrote that Mr. Trump had Mr. Trump all Second Amendment supporters were " potential assassins . " He added that a president ’s words " CANNOT MEAN NOTHING . They are the most important Mr. Trump in the world . " And Representative Eric Swalwell , Democrat of California , Mr. Trump on Twitter that the Secret Service should investigate Mr. Trump for making a death threat against Mrs. Clinton : " Donald Trump suggested someone kill Sec . Clinton . We must take all Second Amendment supporters at their word . " A Secret Service Mr. Trump who refused to identify himself , said that the agency was Mr. Trump of the comments " but did not elaborate . Others seized on Mr. Trump ’s remark as an occasion for mockery . Senator Elizabeth Warren , Democrat Mrs. Clinton Massachusetts , wrote on Twitter that people Trump " makes death the Secret Service he ’s a pathetic coward who Mr. Trump the fact that he ’s losing to a girl . " Mr. Trump ’s campaign events have grown increasingly vitriolic , Mr. Trump chants and jeers directed at Mrs. Mr. Trump . People at his rallies have , with greater frequency , Mr. Trump called for violence against Mrs. Clinton   Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump has generally let pass . And on Saturday , Mr. Trump praised his New Hampshire state    State Mr. Trump Al Baldasaro , who said recently that Mrs. Clinton deserved to face a firing squad over the F. B. Mr. Trump investigation of her use of a private email server while Mr. Trump secretary of Mr. Trump . In Wilmington on Tuesday , chants of " lock her up , " which first gained traction during the Republican National Convention , were loud and frequent before Mr. Trump took the stage . Mrs. Clinton   speaker , former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York , tried to tamp those Mrs. Clinton   . " No , no , we Mrs. Clinton   here to beat her , and keep her out of Washington , " Mr. Mrs. Clinton   said . He was interrupted by the same chant minutes later . 
 Mrs. Clinton   Mrs. Clinton   Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani 