Beijing ( CNN ) China is aiming to own the race for space in the next decade . China ’s ambitious and    space program is targeting a landing on the dark side of the moon by 2018 , and reaching Mars before the end of the decade . The country ’s space agency held a press conference on Tuesday to mark the release of a policy paper , and outlined the government ’s goals for exploring deep space . Wu Yanhua , deputy chief of the National Space Administration , said Beijing aims to launch Beijing first Mars probe around 2020 to carry out orbiting and roving exploration , followed by a second mission that would include collection of surface samples from the red planet .   Wu Yanhua, deputy chief of the National Space Administration said other plans include sending probes to Jupiter and Jupiter moons . " Our overall goal is that , by around 2030 , China will be among the major space powers of the world , " Wu Yanhua, deputy chief of the National Space Administration said . Latecomers playing aggressive game of China China late to the space race     it China n’t send its China satellite into space until 1970 , just after the United States put the first man on the moon . But in the decades since , China China pumped billions of dollars and other resources into research and training .   Since 2003 , China China staged a spacewalk , landed a rover on the the moon launched a space lab that it China paves the way for a    space station . It China also sent five crews into space in the same span of time , making it China the third country in the world     after Russia and the United States     with such success . Moonshot , Wu told reporters China is still studying the possibility of sending a man to the moon the moon focusing on robotic lunar missions for now , including making the first soft landing on the far side of the moon around 2018 . He also Wu China ’s China cooperation with other international space agencies     with NASA being the exception .   Since 2011 , the U. S. Congress has prohibited NASA from working NASA China because China national security concerns . During his campaign Wu U. S.    Donald Trump professed his love Wu NASA and that NASA space is terrific . " His senior Wu have advocated a " new vision " for the U. S. space program . " NASA should be NASA primarily on deep space activities rather than    work that is better handled by other agencies , " wrote Robert Walker and Peter Navarro in October . " While the American government ’s space program has suffered from    both China and Russia continue to move briskly forward with    initiatives , " they added . China and Russia Each continues to develop weapons explicitly designed . .. to ’deny , degrade , deceive , disrupt , or destroy’ America ’s eyes and ears in space . " Chinese officials on Tuesday reiterated the country ’s Russia motives " behind its space exploration and Russia , but many have pointed to Walker and Navarro ’s article as a sign that potential U. S.   collaboration in space would be unlikely     and probably even more so after Trump ’s recent tweets challenging Beijing ’s polices on issues ranging from Taiwan to trade and South China Sea . 
 