On the January 11 Breitbart News Daily show , broadcast on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST , host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will interview a number of guests , including former American Major League Baseball    pitcher Curt Schilling will discuss a variety of topics , including former American Major League Baseball   pitcher Curt Schilling hall of fame prospects , Islam , Sarah Palin , and more .   Breitbart News London     Raheem Kassam will discuss Great Britain ’s EU referendum and how Great Britain’s EU referendum could possibly be a 2016 declaration of independence . Live from London , Oliver Lane and Nick Hallett will discuss the coming tsunami of 10 million more Muslim migrants into Europe and the migrants’ public rapes and groping attacks on German women . Live from Rome , Dr. Thomas Williams will discuss the Anglican church risking a global schism over Anglican doctrine on homosexuality . Milo Yiannopoulos will discuss Twitter ’s declaration of war on conservative media . Breitbart Texas managing director Brandon Darby will discuss Sean Penn interviewing notorious Mexican drug lord " El Chapo " for Rolling Stone magazine . Jordan Schachtel will discuss    Islamic organization CAIR demanding GOP frontrunner Donald Trump apologize to a Muslim protester escorted out of a South Carolina rally . Investigative reporter Patrick Howley will discuss how famed attorney Alan Dershowitz retained former President Bill Clinton ’s FBI director to help show former President Bill Clinton’s was not present at alleged sex orgies thrown by former President Bill Clinton’s former client , a convicted pedophile and close former President Bill Clinton’s friend : Jeffrey Epstein . Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief Aaron Klein will discuss Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief Aaron Klein exclusive interview with former President Bill Clinton’s accuser Kathleen Wiley , in which Kathleen Wiley thanked Trump for highlighting former President Bill Clinton’s abusive behavior towards women . The program is the first live , conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week . Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show " the conservative news show of record . " Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the the show " Listeners may call into the show the show "    . 
 