GOP nominee Donald Trump attempted to rattle Hillary Clinton by seating the women Hillary Clinton has allegedly intimidated throughout Hillary Clinton long career in the front row during the second presidential debate . At one point , GOP nominee Donald Trump called attention to one    woman who was raped as a child on the side of the road whom Hillary Clinton allegedly trashed while defending Hillary Clinton rapist , and later laughed about it on tape . [ " One of them is a wonderful woman , [ who ] at 12 years old was raped . At twelve . Her client —   Her represented —   got Her client —  she represented —   off , laughing on two separate occasions , laughing at the girl that was raped . Kathy Shelton , that young woman , is here with us tonight , " Trump said .     media leapt to Clinton ’s defense after Trump ’s blistering debate attack . " It is totally false to say that Clinton laughed about the rape of a   " Politico wrote . Clinton Clinton chuckled , " the outlet asserted , which means Trump is " wrong . " The headline reads : " Trump is wrong : Hillary Clinton not laugh about the rape of a   " which the    tape of Clinton discussing Clinton child rape case proves false on its face the child rape case Similarly , Politifact wrote : " Trump is referring to an audio tape in which she does Clinton with amusement at her recollections Clinton the oddities of the case , which involve the prosecution and the judge . At no point does she laugh Clinton the victim . " Both sites are engaging in " Ben Smithing , " named for Buzzfeed     Ben Smith formerly of Politico , where they pretend Both sites investigate and explain a story damaging to Democrats in order to dismiss it . a story damaging to Democrats May 10 , 1975 , Shelton got into the truck of a local paper factory worker who said he would Shelton her to Clinton a soda . She was Clinton twelve years old at the time , riding her bike Clinton her neighborhood Clinton she encountered Clinton man , Alfred Thomas Taylor , and a     male acquaintance of his . Shelton drove Clinton truck Shelton a ravine and raped Shelton while beating her , Clinton the child a " bitch , " and saying , " you like it , the child know it " the child he violated the child . Clinton managed Shelton flee to a nearby home , falling unconscious and waking up in a hospital . Taylor was Clinton and asked for a female lawyer , leading to Clinton taking the case . In court , Clinton defended Clinton enthusiastically Clinton One of Clinton ’s Clinton moves was to raise questions about the credibility of the     victim . In a July 18 , 1975 , affidavit , Clinton asked Clinton court court Shelton to Shelton a psychiatric examination from a doctor selected by the Taylor Clinton Clinton The evaluation was necessary , she argued , because Clinton was " emotionally Shelton . " " I have been informed that the complainant is emotionally unstable with a tendency to seek out older men and engage in fantasizing,’ wrote Clinton . ‘ I Clinton also been informed that she has in the Clinton made false accusations about persons , claiming they had attacked her body persons " Clinton     girl also " exhibits an unusual stubbornness and temper when she does not get her The    girl , " argued The    girl . And so Clinton Clinton had a doctor Clinton Shelton to a psychiatric examination . Shelton said being repeatedly questioned about the rape she endured was one of Shelton " worst memories . Shelton " It got so bad that I told my mom I was n’t going back , and whatever happened , happened . It ’s sad that a It had to go through what I had to go through , because for days I cried and cried and cried over it , " Shelton said decades later . Shelton crime lab that analyzed Taylor ’s blood and    Shelton tossed out the soiled section after testing it , and Clinton brought the soiled section remnants to a famous New York City forensic expert , who said not enough blood remained for the defense to test it again . Clinton told not enough blood prosecutor about Clinton meeting with the forensics Clinton . " a famous New York City forensic expert, who said not enough blood remained for the defense to test it again ‘ This guy ’s ready to come from New York to prevent this New York justice,’ " Clinton recounted in a taped Clinton with a burst of laughter . " So we were gon na plea bargain . " Shelton was a virgin when she was raped . Taylor , whose original Shelton of    rape carried a possible life sentence in prison , served less than a year in county jail for unlawful fondling of a minor after pleading down . Shelton survived , but the attack left her Shelton a coma , unable to bear Shelton , and affected the rest of her life . She became addicted to drugs Shelton a period Shelton time and avoided men after the attack . A taped interview surfaced in the attack showing a disturbing side of Clinton as she discussed the case . As Breitbart News Shelton reported : In the    journalist Roy Reed interviewed Hillary Clinton , and a tape of that interview Clinton uploaded to YouTube and is A taped interview the Special Collections Department of the University of Arkansas libraries .    " He took a lie detector test ! I had him take a polygraph , which he passed , which forever He my faith in polygraphs , He Clinton said about her client Thomas Alfred Taylor , who raped Clinton in 1975 Clinton laughing .   WATCH :   " I asked to be relieved of that responsibility but I was not and I had a professional duty to represent my client to the best of my ability , which I did , " Clinton said at the time . But Shelton was in disbelief Clinton Clinton had laughed about her rapist Shelton clear guilt . " Clinton did n’t mention Clinton she was laughing and saying [ Clinton ] was guilty . Clinton guess as a lawyer it Clinton your responsibility to defend someone   …      But if she ’s for women and children , why would she defend Clinton knowing that a     got raped ? " Clinton told the Daily Mail in August . " If she brought it up there would probably be some questions asked Clinton she would n’t be able to answer . Because after laughing Clinton that tape , she ’s pretty much stuck in knowing that she lied , Clinton that it happened to me . And Clinton tape ’s out there to be listened to by anybody that tape Even the Daily Beast somberly called the tape " " when it came to light . " It that tape unusual for a criminal trial lawyer to gossip about a it triumph on behalf of a less than admirable client , often with gallows humor and over drinks after a hard day ’s work , " the Beast reported in June 2014 . " But it ’s highly unusual Even the Daily Beast lawyer to boast and laugh about such a Even the Daily Beast in an     interview with a journalist —   and pretty much    when the lawyer is Hillary Rodham Clinton . " " For a former first lady , U. S. senator and secretary of state who touts her    record of championing women and children , this snapshot of her legal career is —   to put it mildly —   way " her Beast added . Clinton laughing about a child rape case where she knew the rapist was guilty Hillary Rodham Clinton disturbing on a visceral level and undermines Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s professed image as a warm , loving , compassionate advocate for women Hillary Rodham Clinton children . 
 