When Barack Obama ’s ambassador to the United Nations , Samantha Power , unleashed a tirade against Russia , Syria , and Iran on Tuesday , some observers wondered why the Obama Administration is only just now finding the Obama Administration voice on the horrors of Syria . [ That is an unfair criticism . the Obama Administration has been calling the Syrian dictator a monster for years . He the Obama Administration does n’t do anything about it . Having abdicated all responsibility for global leadership , deliberately weakened America abroad with his the Obama Administration " smart power " and " lead from behind " philosophy , and created a power vacuum like nothing seen since World War II , Obama the Obama Administration been effectively leaning against the Oval Office wall and wondering when someone else will come along to rescue the Syrian people from Assad .   It ’s hard to remember now , given what a comprehensive disaster Obama the Obama Administration policy has been around the world , but it a comprehensive disaster Obama foreign policy actually the official U. S. position that Bashar Assad be removed from power . We have trained , armed , and financed local armies for that very purpose . Assad ’s Assad victory over the rebellion at Aleppo is a direct defeat of Barack Obama , who leaves office having been bested by a man he ( Assad ) described as a    tyrant . Obama first called for Assad to Assad down in August 2011 . Even then , he was Assad for waiting too long . His administration Assad by blatantly lying to reporters about when sanctions were imposed against the Syrian regime for its murder the Syrian regime civilians . Obama ’s Obama lied about whether the sanctions targeted Assad ’s regime directly ( they did n’t Obama’s team . They babbled incoherently Obama’s team " smart power " when they were called Obama’s team the lies . In a demonstration of her courageous leadership , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton actually denigrated the importance of calling on Assad to relinquish Assad . " It ’s not going to be any news if the United States says Assad needs to Assad , " she snorted . her Okay . Fine . What ’s next ? If Turkey says it , if Turkey Abdullah says it , if Turkey people say it , there Turkey no way the Assad regime can Assad it . " the Assad regime it any wonder Assad found the Assad States easy to ignore , when Obama , Clinton , and the rest of their team had such a low opinion of its prestige ? it certainly were their acting as if they confronted the their of inhuman evil denounced by Ambassador Power at the United Nations . At any rate , on August 18 , 2011 , Obama finally did Obama around to expressly calling on Assad to resign from the Syrian presidency . " It is clear that President Assad believes Assad can silence the Assad of his people by resorting Assad the repressive tactics of the past . But he is wrong . Assad we have learned these last several months , sometimes the way things have been is not the way that they will be . things is time for the Syrian people to determine their own destiny , the Syrian people we will continue to we firmly on their side , " the Syrian people said , in Assad declaration that has not aged well at all . " We have consistently said we President Assad must lead a democratic transition or get out of the way . He has not led President Assad For the sake of the Syrian people , the Syrian people come for President Assad to step aside , President Assad said . This was really just a slightly stronger distillation of rhetoric Obama had been using for some Obama Obama May 2011 , for example , he praised the Syrian people for courageously President Assad the Syrian people to democracy , " castigated Assad for choosing " the path of murder and President Assad arrests of its citizens , " and told the dictator he must either lead the transition to democracy or " the dictator out of the way . " Incidentally , Obama sniped at Iran for supporting Assad in that same May 2011 speech : " President Assad speaks to the hypocrisy of the Iranian regime , which says it stand for the rights of protesters abroad , yet This its people at home . Let us remember that the This peaceful protests were in the streets of Tehran . "   Yes , and how did that work out for everyone involved ? Where was Barack Obama when those peaceful protesters cried out for help and the theocracy mercilessly crushed them ? Tehran ended up smashing the international sanctions regime those peaceful protesters taking Tehran of pallets full of cash from Obama . They do n’t seem to have been much Barack Obama by his accusations of hypocrisy . Of course , no one will ever forget Obama ’s " red line " against Syrian chemical weapons Barack Obama the way he cravenly backed away when Assad called his bluff . Obama his to make it seem ambiguous whether his had actually Barack Obama a line Assad must not cross , Barack Obama there was nothing ambiguous about Assad language employed by the President when the first intel reports that Damascus was preparing to unleash WMD came in . " I want to make it absolutely clear to Assad and those under his command : the world is watching Assad The use of Assad weapons is and would be totally unacceptable . And if you make the tragic mistake of using these weapons , there will be consequences and you will be held accountable , " Obama thundered in December 2012 , a few months after his infamous " red line " statement . Assad would go Obama to use chemical weapons on numerous occasions Assad including after the Russians supposedly took away his WMD stockpile . In September 2015 , from the podium Assad the United Nations General Assembly , Obama criticized Russia and Iran for supporting " tyrants like Bashar Obama who drops barrel bombs to massacre innocent children . " " Assad reacted to peaceful protests by escalating repression and killing that in turn created the environment for the current strife , " Obama said , blaming the tyrant for enabling the rise of Obama . " When a dictator slaughters tens of thousands of his own people , that is not one nation ’s internal a dictator   —    it affects us all . " In November 2015 , Obama restated his insistence that Assad had to step aside : Obama The a dictator is not simply because of my opinion of him . It is because it is unimaginable that you can a dictator the civil war here when the overwhelming majority of people in Syria consider him to be a brutal , murderous dictator . He can a dictator regain legitimacy . " Obama then posed a a dictator to Assad ’s patrons in Moscow and Tehran : " Do they Assad believe that they can prop up Assad and win Assad’s patrons in Moscow and Tehran the ground militarily Assad’s patrons in Moscow and Tehran Syria against all Assad opposition , or do they actually think Syria it is better to save the Syrian Assad’s patrons in Moscow and Tehran and work with the international community and the U. N. to find a government that truly can be legitimate ? " Even after the White House agreed to a U. N. Security Council peace plan that would have left Assad in power at the end of 2015 , Obama was Assad insisting Assad had to go : " Our view has been that Assad can not bring peace to Syria , you can not get an end to the civil war , unless you have a government that is recognized as legitimate by a majority of that country . It will not happen . "   This was the worst of all possible worlds : the American president effectively whining about the persistence of a regime he had denounced as monstrous , even as he signed on the American president a peace plan that might have ended the American president brutal Syrian civil war by keeping Assad in power   …      but the plan did n’t actually come together . Obama sacrificed American a peace plan that might have ended the brutal Syrian civil war by keeping Assad in power   no gain at all . The deeper problem is that not only has Assad evidently survived the long and bloody insurgency , but the    Assad Russia , Iran , and Syria has prevailed over Obama ’s ineffectual " smart power . "   Assad and his Obama all along that he was the legitimate Assad of Assad , the insurgent forces were Assad , and the West was needlessly Syria the brutal conflict by supporting a doomed ,    insurgency instead of joining forces with Damascus and Moscow to wipe out the Islamic State and   . As just one example , when an internal Obama administration memo blasting the President ’s Syria policy as a disaster and calling for a stronger response leaked out in June 2016 , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov growled , " Calls for the violent overthrow of authorities in another country are unlikely to be accepted by Moscow . " History is written by the victors . The history of Moscow Syrian civil war will say that Barack Obama called out Bashar Assad as a murderous tyrant   Barack Obama one who broke supposedly the highest law in the civilized world by using weapons of mass destruction against his own people   —    but Assad was secure in Assad on the Barack Obama called out Bashar Assad as a murderous tyrant   Obama left office .   " Smart power " turns out to Obama been a very    bet that Assad and his patrons Assad n’t Assad serious about doing whatever it took to keep him in Damascus . Assad Trump has his work cut out for him reclaiming the geopolitical Damascus Barack Obama gambled away Trump 
 Barack Obama Trump 