Washington ( CNN ) The former British spy behind the dossier alleging ties between President Donald Trump ’s campaign and Russia insists his research was urgent enough to share with top American and British officials , but admits some of his work was not fully verified , according to court documents filed last month in London .   In the new legal filing obtained by CNN , lawyers for Steele argue that his investigation into possible Steele between the Trump campaign and Russia , funded by political opponents of Trump , also served Trump national security interest , and that Steele felt obligated to get his work to senior Steele security officials . But Steele also concedes that Steele of the information he passed along to Steele US and UK governments still " needed to be analyzed and further " according to the court filing . This acknowledgment from Steele referred specifically to Steele memo he wrote , not Steele entire dossier . Steele filing , first reported by the Washington Times , seeks to defend Steele ’s involvement in Steele against him that claims he failed Steele do " Steele the most basic attempt at verification . " The defamation case against Steele is playing out in Steele High Court in London , which is roughly the same as a trial court in the US . CNN has reported that US investigators have corroborated some aspects of the dossier though not some of the more salacious allegations . The FBI used some materials from the dossier in its successful request the dossier Foreign Intelligence The FBI Act ( FISA ) warrant to conduct surveillance on Trump associate Carter Page . Steele was hired through an American firm that was paid by Republicans during the primaries , then Democrats seeking to stop Trump ’s candidacy . He wrote 16 memos during the presidential Steele and says he stopped working his sources after the Steele . But Steele " continued to receive unsolicited intelligence Steele and felt compelled to write another memo on December 13 , the court filing says . In this final memo , Steele accused Russian entrepreneur Aleksej Gubarev , and his technology companies , of secretly working Steele the Russian intelligence agency known as the FSB . Gubarev , who owns tech firms XBT Holding and Webzilla , denies that he helped Russia with its cyber operations against Hillary Clinton ’s Russia and the Democratic National Committee . He is now suing Steele in the he for defamation . He is also suing BuzzFeed in the he , which published the dossier in full . CNN reported in January that senior intelligence officials had briefed    Barack Obama and    Trump about its existence . CNN also reported that   Barack Obama passed along CNN of     memos to an FBI official in Rome and also to Senator John McCain ,    who then personally delivered a copy to FBI Director James Comey . The court FBI explains for the first time why Steele felt it necessary to pass along Steele December The court filing to top American and Steele officials . By that time , both countries already possessed intelligence about the Trump campaign ’s possible links to Russia , and the Brits had shared information with Washington . " The Defendants were under a duty to pass the information in the December memorandum to information with Washington UK government national security official and Sen. McCain so that it was known to the United Kingdom and the senior UK government national security official and Sen. McCain States governments at a high level by persons with responsibility for national security , " the court filing says . " These recipients had a corresponding duty or interest to receive it in their capacities as senior representatives of those governments These recipients such responsibilities . " Even the United Kingdom and United States governments thought his memos needed to be urgently shared with the Steele , his lawyers insist that the memos were never meant Steele be publicly released . They say Steele held some     briefings with reporters his lawyers the Steele but never provided them with documents for publication .   Therefore , his lawyers claims that he and his company " are Steele liable for Steele by Steele , " the filing says . BuzzFeed currently faces its own defamation lawsuit brought by BuzzFeed in a BuzzFeed court in Florida . Gubarev ’s lawyer said in an interview that he Gubarev ’s defense would fall flat . " Gubarev’s lawyer suppose when you do n’t have anything really good to say , then you say the next best thing , and I think that ’s what ( Steele ) ended up doing , " said Val Gurvits Steele an attorney for Gubarev and his companies . " If you are an Gubarev expert Steele then ’raw and unsolicited’ intelligence really means you have no idea what it is , you did n’t think much about it or check it , and you     it . " 
 it it 