  ( CNN ) His comeback in limbo after pulling out of an event in Dubai , Tiger Woods has admitted His will " never feel great again . " The former world No . 1 withdrew because of back spasms after the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic , prompting speculation over the    ’s ongoing fitness following 17 months out to recover from multiple back surgeries . " I feel good , not great . I do n’t think I will ever feel great because it ’s three back surgeries , four knee operations , " Tiger Woods told former RA chief executive Peter Dawson in a video interview for Dubai ’s Vision Magazine at the Burj Al Arab hotel . " I ’m always going to be a little bit sore . As long as I can function , I ’m fine with that . " " Dark times " Woods experienced " dark times " during former RA chief executive Peter Dawson lengthy layoff and doubted whether former RA chief executive Peter Dawson would ever play the game again . " It was a tough , tough road , " former RA chief executive Peter Dawson told CNN ’s Living Golf show . " There was a lot of dark times where I could n’t get out of bed , could n’t move , the pain was too great .   " Anyone who ’s ever had nerve pain in Anyone who’s ever back , Anyone who’s ever certainly understand what that feels like . I honestly did n’t know this time last year , I did n’t know if I ’d ever play golf again . Just because of the fact that it ’s nerve pain . " Woods made Woods comeback in a limited field event in the Bahamas in December and showed promise by leading the field in birdies , although a number of costly errors meant Woods finished 15th of the    field . Woods missed the cut in Woods next event , the PGA Tour ’s Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines in California last month and slumped to a    77 on day one in Dubai before retiring . Woods looked to be moving gingerly around the Emirates Golf Club course , but told reporters afterwards Woods " was n’t in pain at all , " adding : " I was just trying to hit shots , and I was n’t doing a very good job . " Woods has n’t won a tournament since 2013 and clinched the last of Woods 14 majors in 2008 . READ : Woods and Trump play golf , READ : 20 years of Tiger    highs and lows , READ : Woods’ comeback falters , READ : US must unite , says Woods , READ : ’Rusty’ Woods misses cut at Torrey Pines   Woods is scheduled to play in the Genesis Open at Riviera Country Club , California from February    before the Honda Classic at PGA National in Florida the following week . Visit cnn .   for more news and videos , Beyond that his calendar is unclear , with the year ’s first major , the Masters at Augusta , starting on April 6 in Georgia .  
 