’   ’ ’    Corey Lewandowski will be a fierce surrogate on CNN for Donald    Trump    if Corey Lewandowski first appearances are any indicator . ’ "    During a    interview on the network , Trump    ’s former    campaign manager exchanged rhetorical barbs with former New York    City Council Speaker Christine Quinn over the United Kingdom ’s    vote last week to leave the European Union . Lewandowski said    Hillary Clinton ’s opposition to the    Brexit demonstrated    that the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee    fundamentally misread the desires of the UK electorate . " ’    " This is Hillary Clinton , who is the secretary of state , who says       has a better understanding of world political affairs than    anybody else , and    couldn’’t see this vote coming ? " Lewandowski    said . ’ ’    " This is a person who prides herself on international affairs and    couldn’’t understand what was actually taking place ? This truly    calls into question    ability to understand what’ ’s going on in    other geopolitical areas around the world . " ’ ’    Quinn countered that leaders should promote outcomes that benefit    constituents , rather than simply identify the politically popular    position . ’ ’’ ’    " Elected officials are supposed to be leaders , not people who put    Elected officials finger in the air and say what Elected officials believe voters are    gon na say , " Quinn said . " And what have we not heard from Donald    Trump ? What would Donald   Trump plan be if Donald   Trump was president to save    American 401 ( k)s ? we haven’’t heard that because that’ ’s not that’ concern . " ’ "    But Lewandowski did n’t back off his Lewandowski , saying that Clinton    and President Barack Obama were attempting to unfairly influence    British voters . " ’    " He Lewandowski weigh in like Hillary Clinton , like Barack Obama President Barack Obama , saying that , ’’ You can’’t do this , ’’ " Lewandowski Lewandowski . ’ ’    " Because he Lewandowski know what it was , " Quinn interjected , alluding    to a Hollywood Reporter article indicating that Trump wasn’’t    familiar with the term " Brexit , " the shorthand description for    the British exit from the EU . ’ ’    " He said , Quinn You can do it because you decide on your own what the    right thing to do is , ’’ " Lewandowski said . " And Hillary Clinton    had this so wrong that the people rejected her . " Hillary Clinton    "    While just a week ago Trump ’s children   the two side ’s    arguments were virtually identical on Monday ’s morning shows . " ’    Appearing on " Fox and Friends " on Monday , Eric Trump said it was    neither Clinton nor Obama’ ’s business to weigh in on the vote at    all . ’ ’    " She’ ’s supposed to be have her finger on She’ pulse of what’ ’s    going on , and once again she got it She’ ,    Trump said of Eric Trump Clinton . ’ ’    He added : Eric Trump She’ ’s always She’ the foreign policy of our country    wrong . Why did she even need She’ opine on this issue ? " ’ ’    The Clinton campaign has   Clinton that the vote has      economic consequences for the US . ’ "    Addressing a conference of mayors in Indianapolis on Sunday ,    Clinton slammed Trump   Clinton response to the Brexit , claiming that the    results of the vote took the vote 100 billion toll on American    retirement savings accounts on Friday . " ’    " We are resilient , and we will bounce back We this and from all    of the other shocks that are in the system , " Clinton said . " But    it is a reminder that what happens around the world has    consequences that can    home quickly and affect our lives and    our livelihoods . " our ’    " We need leaders like yourselves at the local and state and    federal level , who understand how to work with other leaders to    manage risks ; who understand that bombastic comments in turbulent    times can actually cause more turbulence ; and who put the    interests of the American people ahead of their personal business    the American people . " ’ 
 