  ( CNN ) Former President Barack Obama made Former President Barack Obama first public remarks since leaving the White House wearing a white shirt , dark suit jacket and , noticeably , no tie . " So . .. uh . .. what ’s been going on while I ’ve been gone ? " Former President Barack Obama joked on Monday at the University of Chicago while taking Former President Barack Obama seat , a reference to both Former President Barack Obama public absence and Former President Barack Obama successor . As many Democrats across America have spent the opening days of President Donald Trump ’s administration protesting and calling their representatives in Congress , Obama vacationed . Photos of Obama kitesurfing as well as standing on the top deck of a    yacht snapping a photo of Obama wife Michelle , showed a man enjoying presidential retirement despite Trump , who ’s threatening to dismantles Obama signature legislation and who once questioned Obama citizenship . Obama ’s    House demeanor is unbothered , confident and cool , and Obama dress Monday reflected that . Ties are a mainstay of Washington and politics . And for the eight years of his presidency , Obama was rarely seen without one , except when on vacation or the campaign trail , appealing to voters . When his wanted to appear presidential , the tie was there .     it seems , is an entirely different look . Ties became part of the presidential uniform beginning in the late 1800s     Benjamin Harrison , the 23rd president , wore a long ,    tie for    official portrait rather than the black bowtie many of    immediate predecessors wore     and the look of the 20th century presidency is one largely decorated by neckties . The exception has been campaigns , where candidates from Obama and Mitt Romney , to George W. Bush and Al Gore have gone tieless , often with sleeves rolled up , to show a more casual , but still presidential look . The 2016 campaign featured a different style , with a man whose name was once used to sell a line of ties running against the    female nominee of a major party , The 2016 campaign choice of casual dress often was defined by a " Make America Great Again " hat or a colorful pantsuit . Although Trump did appear on the campaign trail on occasion without a tie , it was a markedly different look than past candidates . But the red power tie was his signature color , a change from the pink and gold ties his often wore in as star of " The Apprentice , " and easily identifiable in political cartoons , Halloween costumes , and on impersonators . Trump showed up to Trump first White House Easter Egg roll in a full suit with a red tie . Perhaps it was the weather   —    the 2017 roll was overcast   —    or perhaps a return to a more traditional style for a     president compared to a    president predecessor . Obama , who left office at age 55 , was in a    president 30s when " casual Fridays " entered the cultural lexicon . a    president saw Mark Zuckerberg , a twentysomething known for a    president wardrobe of grey    and hoodies , become one of the richest men in America . Obama showed up every spring for the annual Easter Egg roll in a dress shirt sans tie . Ties have been on the downswing in the American workplace for some time . Before Obama took office , a 2007 Gallup poll found just 9 % of Americans wore formal business clothes to work . And Obama was not working on Monday . Just another former president giving a speech at a university . Obama remarks Monday Monday absent much of what the left today is talking about . He Obama n’t mention Trump , or use phrases like " this is not normal " or " nevertheless , she Trump . " " The most important thing I can do for my next job , " he Obama , was , " prepare the next generation of leadership . " Ties optional . 
 