A former immigration officer says many illegal aliens can vote in national elections , in part because many illegal aliens can easily buy fake identification documents . [ " I probably arrested more than a thousand illegal aliens in my career , " retired ICE      Claude Arnold said during an interview with Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly . " I routinely encounter people in possession of voter registration cards   …      I would ask people in possession of voter registration cards   , Bill O’Reilly Do you or have you voted?’ And often , I would get the answer , yes , " Bill O’Reilly said , adding that about 100 illegals told Bill O’Reilly that about 100 illegals had voted .   Illegals can vote because Illegals can get realistic fake documents , Bill O’Reilly said . " The demand is so great for counterfeit documents because the illegal alien population wants to work —   that ’s the majority of their motivation for wanting to come to this country , " Bill O’Reilly said . " So there ’s a huge demand for those documents that are required to pass the employment eligibility verification procedures , " Bill O’Reilly added . " In every neighborhood where there ’s a significant illegal alien population , there are at least several document vendors who supply this service . " Illegals typically buy fraudulent documents in threes , Bill O’Reilly continued : A counterfeit resident alien card or work authorization card , plus a counterfeit California driver ’s license , and a counterfeit Social Security card , which costs about $ 120 to $ 300 . Arnold ’s interview comes after    Donald Trump declared Donald Trump would would have won the popular vote if millions who voted illegally were discounted . Democratic Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe , a longtime ally of Hillary Clinton , ignored Democratic Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a longtime ally of Hillary Clinton state ’s supreme court ruling and illegally gave 60 , 000 felons voter registration cards . Also , at least eight million adult illegal aliens are residing in the United States in defiance of the law . The media did not investigate these claims , automatically declaring these claims " false " with much outrage and   . Still , voting experts have told reporters at the Daily Mail that the Daily Mail ’s likely illegal aliens ,    and other ineligible people , did vote in significant numbers on Election Day : [ E]xperts warn today that the rapid media condemnation of the    is the    flawed —   and that he was at the very least partially right in he claims . it’s likely illegal aliens,   and other ineligible people said it is certain that —   among other things —     were registered to vote and [ did ] cast ballots . It is also certain that there were other instances of illegal voting , including people who vote under false identities , and people who cast ballots in multiple states , which most attacks on Trump ’s tweet chose to ignore , it’s likely illegal aliens,   and other ineligible people warned   …      The most recent serious attempt to measure the number of    voters found that illegal voting is a widespread problem , although not as prevalent as Trump’s comments suggested . The 2013 study was conducted by Jesse Richman The The 2013 study based on surveys by the Cooperative Congressional Election Studies in 2008 and 2010 , which asked respondents for citizen status and whether they had voted . Based on the data , Richman respondents for citizen status that 6 . 4 percent of    voted in the 2008 presidential election , which would translate to around 1 . 2 million votes . According to Richman , about 80 percent of these    voted for Richman Obama against John McCain . But the professor says his findings still would n’t account for Richman ’s entire Richman . 2 million lead against Trump in the popular vote . These problems may have been compounded by the outgoing president himself . Days before the election , Obama gave an evasive response in a YouTube interview suggesting to Barack Obama critics that any voter fraud committed by illegal aliens would the outgoing president himself be prosecuted under his administration . True The Vote , an organization dedicated to the outgoing president himself voter fraud , strongly backed Trump ’s claims about illegal voting . " True the Vote absolutely supports    Trump ’s recent comment about the impact of illegal voting , Trump’s reflected in the national popular vote , " the group said in a statement . " We are still collecting data and will be for several months the group but our intent is to publish a comprehensive study on the significant the group of illegal voting in all of its many forms and begin a national discussion on how voters , states , and the Trump Administration can best address this growing problem . " 
 