’’ " The clock is ticking for Donald Trump ’s primary rivals’ attempt to   as the Republican Party held the Republican Party 12th debate on Thursday in Miami . " ’Trump , the GOP presidential frontrunner , said that he’ ’s going for the " " by winning Florida and Ohio , the two biggest     states in terms of delegates . the two biggest    states in terms of delegates vote next week.’ ’Florida , the home state of Sen. Marco Rubio , is the largest     state of the season . It the largest    state of the season 99 delegates to its the largest    state of the season . Rubio trails Trump there by roughly 15 points , according to .’ ’The prospects seem a bit better for Ohio Gov. John Kasich in his Ohio Gov. John Kasich state . A recent Fox News poll had Kasich Ohio Gov. John Kasich Trump by five points , and he Kasich leading Trump Trump Trump by the   by just 2 . 5 % . The Buckeye State , with 66 delegates , is the       primary for the GOP.’ ’In   Rubio and Kasich Ohio Gov. John Kasich far behind Trump Trump by the fourth candidate , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who has won several primary contests against Trump Trump by But Trump Trump by holds a nearly    lead over Cruz.’ " Thursday ’s CNN debate was likely the candidates’ final opportunity to make an impression on many voters in the key states voting next Tuesday . The CNN debate moderated by CNN CNN Jake Tapper . It began CNN debate 9 p. m. and was being held at the University of Miami in Miami , Florida . " ’10:59 p. m. EST : " What an incredible nation we have that the son of a bartender , and the son of a mailman , and the son of a dishwasher , and a successful businessman can all stand on this stage competing , and asking for your support , " Cruz said in his closing statement.’ ’9:17 p. m. EST : Trump admitted what many confirmed hours before   —    retired neurosurgeon and former 2016 GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson will be endorsing him tomorrow.’ his p. m. EST : The candidates have spoken for the first fifteen minutes about their positions The candidates both trade and immigration   —    and they have The candidates to attack each other . ’ ’9:12 p. m. EST : Kasich said he would Kasich be " running for president of Croatia " at the moment if his family Kasich able to immigrate to the United States.’ " The clock is ticking for Donald Trump ’s primary . .. " 
 