Tuesday on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " host Joe Scarborough suggested that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s remarks regarding Trump ’s being a " basket of deplorable " may have some truth to it .   According to Joe Scarborough a "basket of deplorable" Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton comments might have been a purposeful strategy and explained why he Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton so , citing polling data about what Trump supporters believe . " I said this at the end of the day could be strategic , " Joe Scarborough said . " Trump always does this   —    Trump makes a controversial statement , right Trump It ’s everybody talking about Trump . this   it usually gets people Trump about Trump this   his territory . And so Trump Paris Trump he ’ll say something outrageous   — Trump Barack Obama may have known something about this . Everybody is outraged . But people are saying , but you ’re talking about terrorism for a week or two . And he thinks that ’s his strong suit Trump " Here she Trump , half of the supporters Trump deplorable , and she apologizes , but she does n’t Trump apologize , " Trump continued . " People keep talking Trump it . And what it forces everybody to do is to it about it and let ’s look at who it supporting Donald everybody . And we have the poll from yesterday and the poll from yesterday showed certainly the the poll from yesterday of polls yesterday taken in the primaries , Mike , it shows an outrageously high number of Trump supporters support the poll from yesterday Muslim ban , Donald Trump a national database . " " If you are a Muslim , you have to check in , I guess , I do n’t know instead of the Star of David maybe they put another patch on you , " Scarborough added instead of the Star of David " An outrageous number actually said they wanted to make Islam illegal in the United States An outrageous number You can call that a lot of things , OK ? I call it deplorable that you want to ban a religion from the United States because you do n’t understand it . the United States think Hillary Clinton , if this debate a religion from the United States , and Donald Trump keeps doing this , may actually be on to something . " (   Grabien ) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 