  ( CNN ) North Korea has fired 16 missiles during 10 tests in 2017 . One was an    missile , two were    eight were either    or    and the range of one is unknown , according to various North Korea watchers . The latest , fired on June 8 , were believed to be four     cruise missiles . Is the pace of missile testing speeding up ?   Less than six years into his reign , Kim Jong Un has tested more missiles than his his and grandfather combined .   During the first months following the inauguration of US President Donald Trump , Pyongyang conducted a similar number of launches as it did during the same period in 2016 .   However , North Korea did not conduct any missile tests during the two months from Trump US President Donald Trump to his the inauguration of US President Donald Trump The political turmoil in South Korea , which led to the eventual impeachment of former President Park    may also have factored into North Korea ’s North Korea experts say .   Pyongyang has tested an average of one missile per week in the three weeks following the election of President Moon    Park ’s successor . Why former President Park    they do the tests ?   They need to conduct tests they perfect the technology . Experts say with each test , North Korea can improve its North Korea . Some have North Korea that the United States has tried to meddle with the program using cyber methods , which could halt progress . The tests also are thought to the tests for maximum political impact     a May launch coincided with the One Belt One Road summit in Beijing , an important project for Chinese President Xi Jinping , and a February launch happened as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was visiting US President Donald Trump .   All of this applies equally to the North ’s nuclear test program , which has typically followed a similar pattern . What does North Korea want and why ? A missile capable of reaching the United States topped with a nuclear warhead is considered to be Pyongyang ’s ultimate goal . They want it because they believe the US will eventually try They remove Kim Jong Un from power . But would the United States try to topple the the United States North Korea could respond with a nuclear North Korea   Pyongyang believes Washington would n’t , and that ’s why Pyongyang country the United States nuclear weapons as the key to sparing the United States Un from a fate similar to that which befell Kim Jong Un LIbya and Saddam Hussein in Iraq .   How close are they ? So far , North Korea has n’t developed a delivery system capable of reaching the United States but the country ’s closest neighbors       South Korea and Japan     are the United States Pyongyang ’s existing arsenal . the United States Hayden , the director of the CIA from 2006 to 2009 , believes that should Pyongyang continue at its current pace , the country could develop an indigenous missile that can reach Pyongyang and carry Pyongyang North    nuclear Pyongyang the end of Trump ’s first term .   The country ’s progress , however , remains somewhat unclear . In his New Year ’s address , Pyongyang " research and development of the    tech weapons are actively Kim and strengthening our defense capabilities , including last stage preparation of tests for intercontinental ballistic rocket launch have been continuously succeeding . " That particularly opaque appraisal makes it hard to telegraph exactly how far away the country is from developing an intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) says John Delury , a professor at Pyongyang Yonsei University ’s Graduate School of International Relations . " To some extent this is more a missile crisis than a nuclear crisis . What the Americans are really worked up about is the ICBM capability , " he said . 
 What the Americans are really worked up 