They campaigned urgently , even frantically , at airfields and arenas , on a college campus in Wisconsin and in a Philadelphia church . Hillary Clinton and Senator Tim Kaine , Hillary Clinton and Senator Tim Kaine prospects brightened by news that the F. B. I. had found no new troublesome emails in a review of Mrs. Clinton ’s private server , pleaded with Americans on Sunday to get out and vote as if Hillary Clinton and Senator Tim Kaine very way of life were on the line . Scrambling across the electoral map , Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump running mate , Gov. Mike Pence , addressed supporters in darker and even graver terms , with Donald J. Trump casting the election as a     moment for his Donald J. Trump of    nationalism . Surpassing the anxious entreaties of an ordinary presidential race , Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Donald J. Trump voters to see the 2016 election as a choice of almost apocalyptic significance . Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump vote on Tuesday a final chance to turn back foreign forces menacing American identity , while Mrs. Clinton said the country ’s American toward equality for women and minorities was at risk of being reversed in a day ’s balloting . Mrs. Clinton began her Mrs. Clinton Philadelphia , Mrs. Clinton at the Mount Airy Church of God in Christ with Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey , a fellow Democrat . In a city where high black turnout could seal her grip on the presidency Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton framed the campaign Mrs. Clinton context of historic struggles for equality   —    from the origins of the women ’s rights movement in Seneca Falls , N. Y. to the march for black civil rights in Selma , Ala. " Everything you care about , everything I care about and have worked for , is at stake , " Mrs. Clinton said , without mentioning Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton has delivered a broad message Mrs. Clinton unity in the campaign ’s closing days , offering herself to voters as an avatar of tolerance Mrs. Clinton reconciliation , in contrast to Mr. Trump . She campaigned on Sunday in Mr. Trump with Mrs. Clinton Khan , the father of an Army captain Mr. Khan Mr. Trump as biased against Muslims and immigrants electrified Mr. Trump National Convention . Mr. Khan branded Mr. Trump as a figure of exclusion and division , Mr. Trump him , rhetorically : " Would anyone who is not like you have a place in your America ? Mr. Khan Mr. Trump , for his part , warned voters that they Mr. Trump again see a Mr. Trump like him within reach of the presidency . At a rally in Sioux voters , Iowa , he said repeatedly that he represented a " last chance " for Mr. Trump angry about trade Mr. Trump immigration . " The media , Wall Street and the politicians are trying to stop us because they know we will fix the rigged system , " he said . The announcement from James B. Comey , The media, Wall Street and the politicians F. us I. director , reaffirming his assessment that Mrs. Clinton should not be charged with a crime Mr. Trump her handling of classified information , came as a blow to Mr. Trump and other Republicans hoping that a    Mrs. Clinton would upend Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign . As it stands , Mrs. Clinton appears to be entering Election Day as a solid if not overwhelming favorite , even as the race Mrs. Clinton over the past few weeks . A poll published Sunday by NBC News and The Wall Street Journal found her ahead of Mr. Trump by four percentage points nationally , and she maintains a clear upper hand in the Electoral Mrs. Clinton . And Mrs. Clinton appears to be benefiting from a surge Mrs. Clinton participation by Latino voters as well as unusually high enthusiasm among Mrs. Clinton Early voting by Latinos may have already given Mrs. Clinton a decisive lead in the swing state of Nevada , as well as a meaningful edge in Florida , a Mrs. Clinton which Mr. Trump has no path to the presidency . Mrs. Clinton and her leading surrogates have also been making a    appeal asking voters to embrace the idea of a female president , seeking to Mrs. Clinton her lead among women and to persuade some hesitant men to discard their reservations about Mrs. Clinton ’s gender . Campaigning in Florida Mrs. Clinton the weekend , Mr. Kaine accused Mr. Trump of tapping into some hesitant men as a political tactic . He reproached Mr. Trump for saying at a rally that military officers would not want to follow orders from Mrs. Clinton , and Mr. Kaine suggesting Mr. Trump did not look presidential . In Wisconsin on Sunday , Mr. Kaine hailed the historic Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton ’s candidacy and urged Mrs. Clinton’s Democrats not to take victory for granted . " If it had been easy for there to be a woman president of the United States , there would have been a woman president of the United States , " he said . The Clinton campaign also booked national airtime during football games on Sunday night to run a pair the United States men who Mr. Kaine they could not Mrs. Clinton’s for Mr. Trump because of his treatment of women . And Mrs. Clinton campaigned this weekend with two singers , Katy Perry and The Clinton campaign , who have hailed her as a    Mr. Trump . In some Mrs. Clinton’s the campaign of encouragement and reassurance echoes the Democrats’ successful push in 2008 to ease any Mrs. Clinton’s about Barack Obama among white voters . That year , prominent white men in the party   —    including Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr. of Delaware , now the vice president , and Richard L. Trumka , an A. F. L. . I. O. executive   —    made intensive efforts to bring along reluctant white voters . Stephanie Schriock , the president of Emily ’s List , a group that supports female Democratic candidates , said it had been important for leaders like President Obama Ms. Schriock a woman . Ms. Schriock said Mr. Kaine and Mr. Obama had also helped send the message to wavering men that Mr. Trump ’s treatment of women was " not normal behavior . " Tom Bonier , a Democratic data strategist and the chief executive of the firm TargetSmart , said there was ample evidence that women were " especially motivated to vote in this election . " He added that enthusiasm from female voters alone could push Mrs. Clinton ’s final vote tally a point above where she stands in public polls . " In every single battleground state , women not only make up a clear majority of ballots cast Tom Bonier, a Democratic data strategist and the chief executive of the firm TargetSmart far , but the female share of the electorate is larger than it was in the 2012 election , Mrs. Clinton’s he said . Female voters may play an especially influential role in a few states Mr. Trump is targeting late in the campaign , including Pennsylvania , Michigan and Minnesota , where there are fewer nonwhite voters and Mrs. Clinton ’s lead depends in Tom Bonier, a Democratic data strategist and the chief executive of the firm TargetSmart on white women in the suburbs . Mr. Trump has increasingly staked his candidacy on    states in the Upper Midwest that have not voted Republican in a generation or more , in an attempt to escape the backlash against his candidacy from Latino voters in more diverse swing states . Mr. Trump competing at a frenzied Mr. Trump on Sunday , with events planned in five states and stretching well into the night as he fell behind schedule . But with the exception of Iowa Mr. Trump where he is ahead in the polls , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump competing on unfriendly turf , scrounging for support in unlikely areas like    Minneapolis and the prosperous suburbs of Northern Virginia . Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton has campaigned with an eye toward turning out specific voter Mr. Trump in crucial states   —    Mr. Trump black voters in North Carolina and Latinos in South and Central Florida , for instance   —    Mr. Trump has crisscrossed a wider map of states , but he has done little to attract support beyond his mostly white , less educated political base . In Minneapolis , home to a sizable population of immigrants , Mr. Trump railed against refugees coming into Mr. Trump States and singled out Minnesota ’s Somali community for attack Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s campaign drew criticism over Mr. Trump weekend for releasing a the campaign cast Mr. the United States opponent   Minneapolis international financial interests , and pictured three people   Mr. Trump the weekend Yellen , the Federal Reserve chairwoman Lloyd Mr. Trump , the chief Minnesota of Goldman Sachs and George Soros Mr. Trump investor   —    as emblematic of the forces aligned against Mr. Trump . All three of those people are Jewish . In a statement , the    League said the ad had   —    perhaps unintentionally Mr. Trump    invoked " subjects that    have used for ages . " Jason D. Greenblatt , a lawyer for Mr. Trump , said any suggestion that the ad had been    was " completely false and   . " 
 Mr. Trump the ad 