Donald J. Trump proposed another significant shift in American foreign policy on Tuesday , suggesting that as president Donald J. Trump would be willing to hold direct negotiations with Kim    the North Korean dictator . In an interview with Reuters , Donald J. Trump said that the talks would be part of an effort to halt North Korea ’s nuclear program , which the United States considers one of the most serious national security threats . " I would speak to him Donald J. Trump I would have no problem speaking to him Donald J. Trump " Mr. Donald J. Trump . North Korea North Korea’s the most isolated countries in the world and regularly defies the international community by launching test rockets and capturing political prisoners . The notion that Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump direct talks with Mr. Kim could create backlash among Republicans and Democrats . In 2008 , Hillary Clinton criticized    Barack Obama for being naïve about foreign policy for expressing a willingness to speak directly with Iran . Senator John McCain , a Republican from Arizona , offered similar criticism of him in the general Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump ’s willingness to negotiate with a pariah state comes as he has been offering Mr. Trump branches to countries such as Russia , which has had tense relations with the United States , while criticizing leaders of traditional allies such as Mexico and Britain . This is not the first time that Mr. Trump has expressed unconventional ideas when it comes to America ’s interests in the United States Asia . In a March interview with The New York Times he suggested that Japan Mr. Trump South Korea should have their own nuclear arsenals Japan and South Korea that they would be less Japan and South Korea on protection from the United States in the region . Direct talks were not the only solution that Mr. Trump proposed on Tuesday when it comes to North Mr. Trump proposed on Tuesday . He South Korea Reuters Mr. Trump he would exert pressure Mr. Trump the Chinese , one of North Korea ’s closest allies , to help curb its nuclear ambitions . " Reuters would put a lot of pressure on China because economically we have tremendous power over China , " he said China 
 Mr. Trump 