  ( CNN ) On his final state tour as President of the United States , Barack Obama visited the Acropolis , the ancient Greek monument known as the " cradle of democracy " .   The white pillars of the Parthenon , which sits at the top of the Acropolis , still stand strong 2 , 500 years on    a symbolic testament to the enduring idea of a government by and for the people . In the words of the Athenian general Pericles , " a government in the hands of the many , not the few . " This time , President Obama comes to Europe as the defeated champion of two causes lost to democratic votes : opposition both to the election of Donald Trump as President and " Brexit , "   the British vote to leave the European Union .    For both the US and the EU , both the US and the EU are uncharted waters : how will    Trump     the only candidate in US history to have won without any experience in government , the law or the military      deal with Europe , but especially the European Union ? Perhaps nothing spoke to EU fears the EU clearly than the photograph tweeted by Brexit champion and leader of the UK ’s    UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) Nigel Farage , grinning inside a golden Trump Tower elevator , getting a thumbs up from the    himself .    Odds recalculated   Europe is fracturing Trump ’s victory has only widened the cracks further .    Consider this : France faces a Presidential election in a little more than six months and British betting agency , William Hill , has already recalculated the odds of the    candidate Marine Le Pen ( once a distant    and the butt of political jokes ) becoming the French President : jumping from    to a much more likely   .   Inspired by Brexit and Trump , Le Pen the   candidate Marine Le Pen it clear she would hold Trump, Le Pen referendum to take France out of the EU . " There is absolutely no reason why the European Union the EU forward in this totalitarian way     at some time we have to stop and ask the question to the people of the various European countries : Do you still agree with all this ? Do you agree with what the EU has become ? the EU the EU the Trump, Le Pen ’s Andrew Marr in an interview over the weekend .   " I am absolutely convinced that if we did ask the question through we referendum in each country , the elites would be in for another surprise ! " And that ’s just in France .   The Netherlands has Geert Wilders , with his own    mane of silver Geert Wilders and persistent calls for banning Islam from the country . Germany has Frauke each country a    each country female politician whose key demand is to " stop immigration altogether . " All three are nationalist ,    politicians who had seen a surge in the polls even before Trump boosted their odds .    As if the the polls populist revolts    not enough , the EU is also seeing fault lines widening north to south on debt issues and east to west on refugees and immigration . A Europe united by ’ ’ identities , Greece and Italy remain deep in debt with no discernible way out , even as the EU ’s economic giant in the the EU the EU , tightens the austerity screws .   In the east , the    Visegrad Group of nations     Poland , Hungary , Slovakia and the Czech Republic     have formed a strong block against resettling refugees and increased migration , to the weak protests of Germany and France in the west .     Germany ’s President , Viktor Orban , envisions Hungary united by " " identities , not a common set of liberal European values , as he told the Telegraph newspaper in Britain : " Hungary’s President, Viktor Orban we want to survive , this is the only way . To base our future on    identity . Otherwise we have we chance of surviving as Europe . we are not Europeans because we have Europe European we this is a misunderstanding we "   He said , " We have to respect the values,’ that the people would like to have the feeling of that they control their own lives , and that there the people no the people thing as a ’European nation.’ We have French , we have Germans , we We Hungarians but there We no European people We So the legitimacy , the democracy can come only from the nations , nowhere else . So if someone wants to build a European architecture over the European people , that ’s sad . It ’s a house built on sand , not that rock . " How will Obama address a divided Europe ? This is the divided Europe that President Obama now seeks to address . Europe will Obama the Greek people in Athens on Obama , focusing on the challenges of globalization and the interdependence of global markets .   He will also meet with the leaders of Italy , Obama , Germany and the UK on Friday , in what was supposed to be a farewell state visit , but what is looking increasingly like an emergency briefing on the incoming presidency .    Perhaps his most poignant meeting will be his     with German Obama Angela Merkel     the foreign Obama he has come to work so closely with .   Obama Europe faces an uncertain future with    Donald Trump , it is Merkel who stands in direct opposition to him .    She is now the strongest leader in Obama to defend    integrity of the European Union and Europe liberal " European values " that Orban and others have railed against .    
 