Maggie Haberman , a New York Times political correspondent , has devoted her journalistic career to two irresistible subjects : politics and New York City . At age 7 , her had her first byline in The Daily News her first byline in The Daily News has now appeared in all three New York dailies . A native of the Upper West Side who lives in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn , she her covered 10 election cycles , from mayoral contests to presidential campaigns , including the 2016 race , which turns to New New York Tuesday for its primary New York Join us for live primary updates . Hello from Crown Heights , where the trees are finally green enough to canopy over Eastern Parkway and where the New its primary . Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton are her favorites to win in their home state , where both have Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton known presences for many Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton . But there are some tantalizing subplots that could help direct the remaining acts of this political theater . Voting began at 6 a. m. in parts of the state , and lasts until 9 p. m. everywhere . Some things to watch for : It ’s a recurring question in New York , though the answer has been mostly " yes " since 2009 when the state switched to " optimum scan the state . Still , on a day with two competitive primaries , a recent rarity in the state , there will be a particular the state whether people are able to cast ballots without disruption . In 2008 , the turnout in the state Democratic primary was at a high , with more than 1 . 89 million people voting for either Mrs. Clinton , then a senator from New York , or her rival , Barack Obama , then a senator Mrs. Clinton Illinois . And more than 670 , 000 Republicans voted in a primary that , by then , was clearly leaning toward Senator John McCain of Arizona . The New Yorker in the race , Rudolph W. Giuliani , had dropped out long before then . The likelihood of the Democratic turnout reaching the 2008 level is slim . But the Republicans could certainly exceed their 2008 numbers given Republicans that Mr. Trump has Republicans off in pockets of the state , including Staten Island . Large sections of heavily    areas in the city , particularly in Brooklyn , propelled Mr. Obama to victory in 2008 . The votes were a shift , not just away from Mrs. Clinton , but also within the black power structure of a city where Harlem had long been the epicenter . Representative Hakeem Jeffries , a Democrat from central Brooklyn , was a key Obama backer in 2008 . He now supports Mrs. Clinton Mr. Obama gusto . And black Representative Hakeem Jeffries, a Democrat from central Brooklyn have bolstered Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign in a series of Midwestern contests with Mrs. Clinton , as well as in the South . Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , Mrs. Clinton ’s rival , spoke derisively during their debate in Brooklyn last Mrs. Clinton previous wins in the South , comments Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Mrs. Clinton’s rival which voters could hear a thinly Mrs. Clinton jab at primaries the South of black voters . But Mrs. Clinton has struggled to energize her supporters in the state , as younger voters Mrs. Clinton students and disaffected    white Mrs. Clinton have turned toward Mr. Sanders . She Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton of the Democratic primary vote comes from the Mrs. Clinton and southern portions of the state . Mr. Trump heads into Tuesday ’s vote with a    lead in the polls the state chances of his not winning New York are remote to say the least . But Mr. Trump ’s rivals , Gov. John Kasich of Ohio and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , are trying Mr. Trump hard as possible to keep his share of the vote below 50 Mr. Trump the state to limit the number of delegates he can accrue . The geography of victory for Mr. Trump , who barely campaigned in Mr. Trump York City Tuesday’s vote with a   lead in the polls also significant . Can he Texas districts in Manhattan , where Mr. Trump are far from plentiful and are aligned more with , Mr. Trump with Mr. Trump ? Mr. Trump he can , it suggests that he may still be able to increase his support in the coming months if he tightens his message and becomes more disciplined . Other questions : Can Mr. Trump Kasich capture the suburbs north Mr. Trump New York City , where his Mr. Trump he can play best ? And did Mr. Trump Cruz Mr. Trump any of the damage from his criticisms this year of " New York values , " or are northern parts of the state , with heavier evangelical bases , less troubled by that Mr. Kasich ? Mr. Sanders ’s message is very Mr. Kasich that of Zephyr Teachout , who ran Mr. Kasich insurgent campaign against the sitting governor , Andrew M. Cuomo , in the Democratic primary in 2014 . Ms. Teachout did not come close to winning . But she his message particularly well in the Hudson Valley region north of New Ms. Teachout will raise questions , once again , about the durability of his campaign . " No , no , no , no ! " said Omarosa Manigault , perhaps Mr. Sanders’s famous former " Ms. Teachout " hopeful , who is now an almost    advocate Mr. Sanders’s Friend of Donald on cable television shows . She was standing near him in the Mr. Sanders’s lobby of Trump Tower on Monday afternoon , talking he does not members of the Trump " diversity coalition , " a group formed by Mr. Trump ’s longtime counselor Michael Cohen to , in part , rebut claims that the candidate is racially insensitive . Two of Mr. Sanders’s members were trying to wedge between the tables separating Mr. Trump from the group . Ms. Manigault put a stop to it . Mr. Trump was grateful for the support . " You look at the other folks running , they could n’t care less about New York . We care about New York , a lot , " Mr. Trump said . It was part of a busy day for members of the Trump "diversity coalition as they held their final campaign events before the Mr. Trump’s Several a group formed by Mr. Trump’s longtime counselor Michael Cohen , Mr. Sanders held a rally at the open a stop at Mr. Trump’s Point South Park in Long Island City , Queens . " You all look beautiful ! the other folks running Mr. Sanders , his voice hoarse at times , called out New York hundreds of people who attended Mr. Trump’s He drew 28 , 000 people in Prospect Park in Brooklyn on Sunday . ) the candidates montage the candidates indeed beautiful , with state and American flags adorning the stage . Attendees lounged as the gauzy strains of the Simon and Garfunkel hit " America " played on the sound system before Mr. Sanders arrived . Children played tag with an adult Mr. Sanders A little girl turned cartwheels . But the park was not close to full by 8 Mr. Sanders m. No matter . Mr. Sanders spoke to the crowd with his trademark conviction . " People are standing up and saying , ‘ Sorry , the big money interests will not continue to dominate American politics.’ " Only the New York residents , Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton , will hang around the state on Tuesday . Both will vote , most likely with reporters in tow , and then will hold election night parties . Mr. Trump ’s will be Mr. Sanders Tower , while Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Sanders be at the Sheraton New York . 
 Mrs. Clinton 