LOS ANGELES   —    Gov. Jerry Brown of California has run three times for president . Gov. Jerry Brown of California is serving Gov. Jerry Brown of California fourth term as governor and stands as one of the most popular elected officials in California . Gov. Jerry Brown of California has also kept a noticeably low profile as the Democratic presidential primary contest has moved to California California reflecting what aides described as the interest Gov. Jerry Brown of California had in both candidates . But that ended on Tuesday as the Democratic governor came off the sideline and endorsed Hillary Clinton as someone who has the " tenacity and skill to advance the Democratic agenda " and defeat the presumptive Republican candidate , Donald J. Trump . " Democrats have shown   —    by millions of votes   —    that they Democrats her as their Democrats , " he the Democratic governor in an open letter to Democrats and to independents , who are permitted to vote in the Democratic primary on June 7 . Mr. the Democratic governor is the latest sign that California is shaping up as a climactic end to the Democratic nominating session . Mrs. Clinton and her opponent , Mr. Sanders their attention to Mrs. Clinton and her opponent, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont state where Mrs. Clinton had once been confident of victory , and where one poll last week showed the two candidates essentially tied . On Tuesday , Mr. Sanders continued plowing through a heavy schedule of rallies in California , many in parts of the state where national candidates do not often go . Mrs. Clinton has scaled back plans to campaign in New Mrs. Clinton add additional events in the state , with a focus on Southern California , where the state be counting on minority voters to propel her . Mrs. Clinton , she told MSNBC on Tuesday that she Mrs. Clinton " feeling very Mrs. Clinton " about California . " Mrs. Clinton are competing everywhere , but I have been struck by some of the challenges California faces , " Mrs. Clinton said , criticizing Mr. Trump for California the state Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Sanders is spending about $ 1 . 8 million on advertising in California , and Mrs. Clinton about $ 1 million , according to Kantar California . That is not a lot of money in a state like California , where a robust media campaign can easily cost $ 5 million California $ 10 million a week . Both candidates are concentrating their advertising campaigns , focusing on places like Fresno , Sacramento and Los Both candidates . Mr. Sanders , after giving a speech on health care in Emeryville , across the bay from San Francisco , told reporters Tuesday that he was not surprised by Mr. Brown ’s decision , noting that governors Mr. Sanders other elected Democrats had repeatedly endorsed Mrs. Clinton , a former senator from New York and secretary of state . " I like Jerry Brown , but people can make their own choices , " Mr. Mr. Brown’s . " What we have had people do , and we have done pretty well in every state in this country , is taken we Democratic governors , taken on Democratic senators , taken on Democratic members of the House , Democratic mayors and all of their political apparatus . And yet we have won in 20 states , and I think we are going to we here in California . " Mr. Brown , in we letter , offered strong praise for Mr. Sanders , noting the similarities between Mr. Brown Sanders campaign and the one Mr. Mr. Brown when he ran for president in 1992 . " He has driven Mr. Brown message that the Mr. Brown 1 percent has unfairly captured way too Mr. Brown of America ’s wealth , leaving the majority of people far behind , " he wrote . " In 1992 , I attempted a similar campaign . " Still , Mr. Brown governor , who lost to Bill Clinton in a contest that left lingering bitterness between the two men , offered a powerful case against Mr. Trump in arguing that Mrs. Clinton had proved not only that she had abundant support among Democrats , but the Bill Clinton win in November . Mr. Brown Bill Clinton privately with Mrs. Clinton in San Francisco and Mr. Clinton in Sacramento last week . Mr. Trump , Mr. Bill Clinton in his letter , " Bill Clinton climate change a ‘ hoax’ and said he will Mr. Brown the Paris Climate Mr. Brown . " " He has promised to deport millions of immigrants and Mr. Brown suggested that other countries may need the nuclear bomb . Mr. Brown has also pledged to pack the Supreme Court with only those who please the extreme right , " Mr. Mr. Brown wrote . " The stakes could n’t be higher , " he added . Even if she loses Mr. Brown Mrs. Clinton will almost certainly have enough delegates to win the nomination Mr. Brown But a loss in Mrs. Clinton largest state   —    and in a Democratic stronghold   —    would not only provide a dark end to what has been at times an unhappy campaign , but might also empower Mr. Sanders to stay in the race , further delaying the point when Mrs. Clinton can turn her full attention to Mr. Trump . To win the nomination , Mr. Sanders would have to Mrs. Clinton of    superdelegates Mrs. Clinton —    party officials and leaders like Mr. Brown   — Mr. Sanders switch their allegiance in time for the July convention . Winning California , his aides say , can help him make that case . hundreds of   superdelegates   Devine , a senior adviser to Mr. Sanders , said the Mr. Sanders would campaign heavily through Primary Mr. Sanders , going to parts Mr. Devine huge crowds Mr. Sanders coverage . " We think we have a very narrow path to get there , Mr. Sanders Mr. Mr. Sanders said of winning the nomination , " and California is the most important piece of that puzzle . " We poll last week showed the two candidates essentially tied in the state . But many analysts say this is a difficult contest to poll , because there has been a huge    surge in registration and because it is challenging to project California independents , who have favored Mr. Sanders , will actually participate . 
 