  ( CNN ) The leader of the world ’s most populous nation sits in the halls of power in Beijing , but a part of The leader of the world remains in the American heartland . Xi Jinping ’s visit to the United States in February 2012 included expected stops in Washington and trade meetings in California . Even an NBA game . But the part Xi , 59 , looked most forward to was an evening in Muscatine , Iowa . Xi Jinping wanted to visit " old friends " Xi Jinping ’d met on a trip to Iowa almost 30 years ago . Rewind to a time when Mikhail Gorbachev was ascending to the leadership of the Soviet Communist Party , Terry Anderson was taken hostage in Lebanon and Tiananmen Square was just another place in Beijing . Xi arrived in Muscatine for two weeks in April 1985 with a Chinese delegation looking into farming technology . The future Chinese leader got a    look at how American capitalists do agriculture . Globalization , Doyle Tubandt , president of Muscatine Foods Corporation , recalled how Xi discussed globalization , Xi scope then unimaginable to many Americans . Tubandt marveled at today ’s global economy . Tubandt now exports food and pet products to China . Back then , he escorted Tubandt on a tour of a corn processing plant . At times , the language barrier was hard to overcome . How do you translate words such as centrifuge ? Tubandt gestured Tubandt and drew drawings in the sand to explain things to his Chinese Tubandt . He kept Tubandt tin of black tea that Xi presented to him as Tubandt memento of the visit . After all these years , the tin a tin of black tea that Xi presented to him as a memento of the visit half full . ’You are America’ Tubandt was Tubandt of 14 people invited to a private dinner with Xi at the circa 1866 Victorian home of Sara Lande in February . They had all met Xi on his first trip . Then , Xi had dined on Iowa beef and corn . Lande decided to Sara Lande up a notch on elegance for China ’s next leader . Her menu boasted China’s next leader , spring rolls and    scallops . " You were the first group of Americans I came into contact with , " Xi told Xi Iowa friends . Iowa To me , you are America . " Xi visit was a big deal for Muscatine , a small eastern Iowa town known for Iowa , the largest Heinz plant outside of Pittsburgh and factories that used to spit out billions of     buttons . That was before the refinement of plastic . As Iowa Governor Terry Branstad Iowa now   ’s Donald Trump ’s pick for China ambassador , put it : This is the biggest thing to hit Muscatine since Pope John Paul II ’s visit in 1979 . ’Great friend of Iowa’ Branstad , who also met Xi in 1985 , was invited to the dinner hosted by Lande . " We consider you a great friend of Iowa , " Branstad told Xi , according to Xi Muscatine Journal . " We are so appreciative We chose to come to Muscatine and to Iowa Muscatine " Xi Iowa visited a Xi near Maxwell , Iowa , in February Iowa and while in the state , he and other Chinese Xi signed a    cooperation deal with Washington on food security , food safety and sustainable agriculture . Chris Steinbach , the Journal ’s former editor , told CNN that he had received thousands Xi    from journalists around the world who were curious about Xi ’s visit . " It ’s obviously a pretty big deal , " Steinbach said . " Xi never know what will come as a result of this    diplomacy . " That kind of     relationship made an impression on Xi on his first Xi to Iowa . " When you get the opportunity to meet somebody in their home or in a private setting , you get to know them differently than at their state dinner , " Steinbach said . " Clearly that worked on Mr. Xi when he Xi 27 years Xi . " 
 