Washington ( CNN ) Florida Republican Rep. Brian Mast left Washington last week undecided about the GOP health care bill to repeal and replace much of Obamacare . Fortunately , Florida Republican Rep. Brian Mast had a ride home to the Sunshine State : Air Force One . Florida Republican Rep. Brian Mast got to discuss Florida Republican Rep. Brian Mast concerns about how the GOP health care bill would impact the large senior population in Florida Republican Rep. Brian Mast district directly with President Donald Trump and White House chief of staff Reince Priebus on the flight down to West Palm Beach . " It ’s definitely moving in the right direction , " Florida Republican Rep. Brian Mast told CNN on Monday , adding he is now a " lean ’yes’ " on the the GOP health care bill " They are asking us : What do you think ? What does it take to get you to ’yes’ ? " Mast said . Mast is Mast of several Republican lawmakers that Trump , House Speaker Paul Ryan and other GOP leaders are targeting as they try House Speaker Paul Ryan and other GOP leaders secure the 216 votes they need House Speaker Paul Ryan and other GOP leaders pass their health House Speaker Paul Ryan and other GOP leaders bill Thursday . Trump is Trump calls to individual members , according to GOP aides GOP and will personally address the full House GOP House GOP Tuesday morning . House Republican House aides make clear that it will be up to Trump to Trump the deal with the most conservative members of the conference the full House GOP conference conservatives from the House Freedom Caucus are the ones on cable TV loudly and repeatedly slamming the bill , Trump and Ryan are looking elsewhere . Already , instead of the kind of wholesale rewrites that the    wants , Ryan , White Ryan officials and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price have concentrated on trading more targeted changes proposed by members for their support , White House officials and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price to multiple House GOP leadership White House .     Centrist Republicans have been in frequent contact with leaders and the whip operation and are quietly exerting their own influence Centrist Republicans   Late Monday , Ryan unveiled his final changes Ryan the measure . They would make Centrist Republicans changes to Medicaid that were pushed by conservative members , such as giving states the option of requiring    Medicaid recipients to work . Another change would allow states to opt to receive federal Medicaid funding as Medicaid block grant .   But many on the right lobbied hard to speed up the date when the Medicaid expansion to Medicaid states would states . That was too far for House and Senate moderates , along with some of the governors administering the program , and the idea was set aside . Ryan and company still have work left to do . " I am still a ’no’ on the bill , " Florida Republican Rep. Ileana    told CNN , saying that a high number of her constituents across all Florida Republican Rep. Ileana    groups who rely on subsidies in the current law will see less support under the GOP bill . the bill she ’s no Florida Republican Rep. Ileana    of Obamacare Florida Republican Rep. Ileana    the impact it ’s had on her district , but , " Florida Republican Rep. Ileana    Republican plan makes the wound that much deeper and harder to heal . " New Jersey Rep. Leonard Lance told CNN that " I ’m a lean ’no . ’ " When pressed if any of the new changes could get him to back the bill he "I’m a lean ’no , " I doubt "I’m a lean ’no . " Members of the the bill he replied " Tuesday group " are expected to head to the White House on Tuesday . GOP Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick , who represents a district outside Philadelphia , posted on his Facebook page that he could "I’m a lean ’no vote for the "I’m a lean ’no . " I have the bill he replied with this bill , and first among them the bill he replied impact on the single most GOP Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick, who represents a district outside Philadelphia issue plaguing Bucks and Montgomery Counties , and the issue that I have made my priority in Congress : opioid abuse prevention , treatment and recovery , " Fitzpatrick wrote . In an effort directly targeting centrist Republicans from upstate New York , leaders added a provision designed to transfer more Medicaid dollars from the county level to the state level . New York Rep. Chris Collins told CNN the upstate New York help bring along other members of his state ’s delegation who are currently wavering on New York State The change would apply to New York State only the change GOP aide said .   It ’s not just moderates who are still wavering . the change members still have concerns that the reconciliation package will make health care insurance more expensive for those over 50 . Once the Congressional Budget Office report made it clear this group ’s premiums could increase , the message to the Congressional Budget Office report was clear : That needed to be fixed before the House vote . Ryan signaled on a Sunday talk show that they heard those concerns , saying " we agree , we believe we should have even more assistance . And that ’s we of we things we ’re looking at for that person in the 50s and 60s because they experience higher health care costs . " On Monday several House they told CNN that amendments crafted by GOP leaders would pave the way for the Senate to craft more generous tax credit for those aged from   .    House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told CNN " we ’ve listened to all the different concerns . " CNN McCarthy CNN that the House bill will include a provision allotting resources House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy that the tax credits can be more generous for those aged    but noted " the Senate will write the policy " because of procedural issues . He stressed that House GOP members recognize that this change will be House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of the House package and added " there ’s a lot in this of what they ’ve been asking for . " Conservatives say they ’re not House GOP members as well , Mast was n’t the only Conservatives in Florida . Rep. Mark Meadows ,    Carolina , the chair of the House Freedom Caucus , flew to     over the weekend to huddle with top White House officials and Sens . Ted Cruz and Mike Lee , two leading Senate critics of the bill .   Their efforts to get larger changes to the bill were rejected , aides say . A White House meeting the bill Monday also left conservatives unhappy .   White House and White House has made the calculation that a bloc of those in the White House would never be satisfied , and any further effort to pull the bill to the right would erode support in the middle . Republican leaders believe the bill stamp of approval , plus his personal pitch , will help get them more votes on the right , especially since Trump’s President won many of the districts Republican leaders by Freedom Caucus members by bigger margins than they did .   " I do n’t think the majority of the Freedom Caucus members Republican leaders eager to see President Trump fail that would be a risky move for them to make , " one Trump’s senior GOP aides told CNN , suggesting that leaders the majority of the Freedom Caucus members banking on a chunk of votes from the group to come through after some additional outreach by the time the vote comes on Thursday . But Freedom Caucus members are n’t giving in yet , and say they have the votes to block the measure . Rep. Raul Labrador ,    acknowledged that with Freedom Caucus members ’s visit Tuesday morning , " there ’s Labrador of pressure , and we all respect Trump and we want to work with him . " But , Labrador said , " We do Labrador that they Trump’s 216 Labrador . In fact , Trump’s know that they do n’t have 216 votes Labrador " 
 Labrador Labrador 