’   ’ "    Gary Cohn , President Donald Trump ’s trusted economic adviser ,    started President Donald Trump career as a trader at Goldman Sachs and wound up    becoming the bank ’s president . " ’    So when Cohn on Friday said the bond market was taking a    "   view of the economy , " it seemed like a startling    admission . ’ "    Either Cohn spent so long in the    that Cohn ’s forgotten how    financial markets work , or Cohn just said bond traders were n’t    buying in to the president ’s plan to make America ’s economy great    again . " "    First , here ’s what ’s going on in the markets : Immediately after    Trump ’s election , bond yields began to rise . Trump’s election ’s an indication    that traders think America’s economy will grow faster and interest    rates will begin to creep up . That was undoubtedly a positive       on the potential for Trump Trump spur some growth and inflation    in the US economy . " "    But that was months ago , and since then bond yields have begun to       back . Cohn ’s comments came as yields sank further Friday   —      after the   while downward revisions to prior months made the    picture look even bleaker . " "    The yields are still higher than they The yields in November , but    they The yields falling fast . " ’       when Cohn Cohn on CNBC on Friday Friday   Jim Cramer asked for his Jim Cramer on a recent split between stocks that have relentlessly       to       and government bonds , which have been       to economic weakness : ’ "    Really ? If so , that    view is starkly at odds with    Trump    vow to double the US economy ’s growth rate . " ’    Low    interest rates suggest investors do not see value    in the economy the US economy’s prolonged period and thus see little reason    to make investments and hire workers . They also reflect workers    anemic growth environment that has characterized the weakest    economic recovery in modern history   —    albeit also the longest    continuous one .    ’ "    Cohn , President Donald Trump ’s trusted . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 