Washington ( CNN ) A missile test involving Britain ’s Trident nuclear deterrent system ended in failure off the coast of Florida last year , a US defense official with direct knowledge of the incident told CNN on Monday .   a US defense official with direct knowledge of the incident told CNN CNN the incident , which happened last June in an the area off the Florida coast used by the US and the UK for missile tests , did not in involve a nuclear warhead .   Britain ’s Sunday Times newspaper reported that the missile veered towards the US coast , but the US official told CNN that this trajectory was part of an automatic    sequence . The the US official the the missile into the ocean      an automatic procedure when missile electronics detect an anomaly . READ : Trump ’s blast sends chill across Europe , A month after the test , the UK parliament approved the renewal of Trident at a cost of £ 40 billion . Unaware of the failure , members of the House of Commons voted by 472 votes to 117 in favor of renewal . On Sunday , British Prime Minister Theresa May was asked four times during an interview with the BBC ’s Andrew Marr Show whether she knew of British Prime Minister Theresa May missile failure the failure . May refused to answer . British Prime Minister Theresa May challenged on CNN report , Forced to make a statement on the controversy in the House of Commons on Monday , British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon said he had " absolute confidence British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon in Trident but refused to give " operational details " about the test . CNN published this story just CNN Fallon spoke , and Mary British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon , of the opposition Labour Party demanded to know why he would not give any British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon details . Citing CNN ’s story she said CNN " The British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon of State has advised us not to believe everything CNN read in the Sunday CNN , but should we believe the [ US CNN official who , while we ’ve been sitting here CNN , has confirmed to CNN that the missile did CNN off the coast of Florida ? And if that is the case , why is the British parliament and the British public the last people to know ? " Fallon once again declined to give " operational details " . Another Labour lawmaker , Chris Byrant , said the reporting by CNN and the Sunday Times CNN the need for a full investigation . " We deplore the leakage of Another Labour lawmaker, Chris Byrant information about the nuclear deterrent but it is not for me the nuclear deterrent comment on what may or may not be said by the United States administration , " Fallon replied . " This Fallon our submarine , our deterrent Another Labour lawmaker, Chris Byrant and it Another Labour lawmaker, Chris Byrant our responsibility to apply to Another Labour lawmaker, Chris Byrant the very highest security it . " May under fire , The UK government ’s refusal to discuss the missile failure has prompted criticism from opponents of the UK ’s nuclear deterrent . Scotland ’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon tweeted : " This is a hugely serious issue . There should be full disclosure of what happened , who knew    and why House of Commons was n’t told . " Earlier on Monday , a spokeswoman for May said she was briefed on the a spokeswoman for May test when she came into office . a spokeswoman for May Prime Minister and the Defense Secretary are routinely informed about tests and their outcome , May ’s The Prime Minister and the Defense Secretary told reporters May " These are known as a ’demonstration and shakedown’ test . This test was in June the Trident test ) under the last prime minister ( David Cameron ) . On taking office the current Prime Minister ( Theresa May ) was briefed on a range of nuclear issues , including this . This test saw the submarine and the Trident test tested and certified . " May will become the first world leader to meet with new US President Donald Trump when they hold talks in Washington on Friday the submarine and crew 
 