  ( CNN ) Two brothers , their wives and children left    Syria with 16 suitcases and crossed the border into Lebanon . Two brothers, their wives and children were finally on Two brothers, their wives and children way to the United States after working for almost 15 years to join Two brothers, their wives and children family members stateside .   But after a flight from Beirut to Doha , Qatar , and then to Philadelphia on Saturday , Two brothers, their wives and children were told to get on a flight back to Doha . Doha was because President Donald Trump had just signed an executive order denying citizens from seven countries , including Syria , entry into the United States . Sarmad Assali and her daughter Sarmad Assali Sarah , are among the relatives who were waiting to welcome the families Two brothers, their wives and children United States the United States said they received Sarmad Assali from authorities Sarmad Assali and her daughter, Sarah morning telling them their relatives would not be Sarmad Assali and her daughter, Sarah Sarmad Assali and her daughter, Sarah enter the country . The Assalis , US citizens who live in Allentown , Pennsylvania , were n’t able to make contact with their family members until they were The Assalis, US citizens who live in Allentown, Pennsylvania headed back overseas The Assalis, US citizens who live in Allentown, Pennsylvania One of the brothers told Sarmad Assali they were not allowed to make The Assalis, US citizens who live in Allentown, Pennsylvania or use the Internet while they were held . According to The Assalis, US citizens who live in Allentown, Pennsylvania Assalis , their family members do not speak their family members and were told by authorities they could either be detained and have their their family members taken away , or they could their family members the first flight back to their family members . Frightened and facing a language barrier , the six family members chose the second option their family members CNN she wished she had been able to speak with them , Sarmad Assali she Sarmad Assali have told them to stay until their family members could arrive Sarmad Assali her attorney . their family members long immigration journey Sarmad Assali The Assalis are Sarmad Assali Christians , a group that has faced extreme persecution in Syria .   Their relatives , whom Sarmad and Sarah Assali did not want to identify for their protection , began their immigration process in 2003 . In Their 2015 they were Their approved to enter the United States on an Their relatives, whom Sarmad and Sarah Assali did not want to identify for their protection visa for brothers and sisters of US citizens . The relatives finalized their paperwork , immigration interviews and medical examinations during a    The relatives to Jordan in late December last year . The Assalis have helped bring family members to the United States before . In 2013 , they were able the United States one relative , and last month they family members able to bring the brothers’ sister and her daughter . The family members waited to join them until after they could brothers’ up their homes in Syria , Sarmad family members said . family members We bought them family members house , we furnished it for them , to The brothers them family members a new life The brothers " a house told family members . But that family members is now on hold until the Sarmad Assali can figure out a legal route forward . They have been in touch with their congressman , Republican Charlie Dent , the family well as attorneys to figure the family a plan . Dent took a very vocal stance Sunday on behalf of the Assali family .   " I certainly agree that we can always improve our visa vetting and refugee vetting program , and I do n’t have we question about that , " Dent said on CNN ’s " New Day Weekend . "   " Dent I think it ’s wrong in the case that I was dealing with , with the family already in flight when the order was issued , and having no idea at the time of arrival they would be turned around . " Mayor ’sickened’ by situation , Their the family , Jonathan Grode , has an emergency conference Sunday with other the family about the new regulations , Sarmad Assali said .   " It makes me so sad that this great country is doing this to our Christians and to these people and to my family , " Sarmad said . Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney released a statement about the two families’ plight .   " I am sickened by reports that federal officials , without knowledge or cooperation of PHL Airport staff , detained and then turned away two Syrian families , " Kenney said in the statement . " By several accounts , these families Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney months to a statement about the two families’ plight proper documentation so they could come to two Syrian families legally . And still , they were sent back two Syrian families a    nation that has used chemical warfare against its two Syrian families people . The Trump administration very well may have just given these families    death sentence . " Said Sarah Assali , " We ’re all two Syrian families lot of anger , a lot of disappointment in our government The Trump administration . .. It ’s against our ethics as Americans . " At a protest in front of Philadelphia International Airport ’s international arrivals terminal Sunday surrounded by a massive crowd of chanting supporters waving    signs , Tawfik Assali , the son of two of the people turned away and nephew of Sarmad and cousin to Sarah , told CNN he had been very excited to see his parents . " I was , like , one      away from them , " he said . " I have n’t seen them for three years , his parents , it he really hard for me to not hug his parents , to not be with them . " While attorneys are still working on the his parents , he and Sarah both his parents they were encouraged and felt support from the large crowd that he out Sunday and the he and Sarah both people who had reached out to help the family . Sarah also said that her family will begin a GoFundMe page to support her family members’ Sarah expenses and legal the family   " Thank you to everyone , Sarah Sarah told CNN . " We did n’t expect this , we never thought we ’d Sarah in the position we ’re CNN now . So I ’m CNN thankful . CNN is the America that we CNN know , and that we do CNN . And I ’m just grateful . " CNN CNN CNN 