Washington ( CNN ) Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid called Donald Trump a racist on the Senate floor Monday , an escalation in the Nevada lawmaker ’s war of words against the GOP presidential nominee in recent weeks . " Donald Trump is a racist , " he Donald Trump .   Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid direct comment goes further than the retiring    senator was willing to ten days ago during an interview with CNN ’s Manu Raju . When asked then if he thought the retiring   senator is Donald Trump racist , Reid Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid : " All you guys have a job to do . You make that decision . I ’m not going to . " Previously , Reid Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid Trump from Donald Trump Senate floor , calling him Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid " spoiled brat , " " a con artist " and a " human leech who will bleed the country . "    And at a September 13 news conference Reid Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid Trump for Donald Trump overweight and over his Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid habits , charging that the media " magnified " Hillary Clinton ’s recent bout with pneumonia .   " Take a look at this character that ’s running for president . He complains this character that’s running for president her health Hillary Clinton What does he do this character that’s running for president He ’s this character that’s running for president years old . He ’s this character that’s running for president slim and trim . He brags this character that’s running for president eating fast food every day . Look at his health her health bit , " Reid said this character that’s running for president Sean Spicer , communications director and adviser for the Republican National Committee , told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on Monday that he was this character that’s running for president almost speechless " over Reid ’s this character that’s running for president " There is a good thing Harry Reid is this character that’s running for president I think the people of Nevada and the people of this country have had it with Harry Reid , " this character that’s running for president . " Nevada this character that’s running for president continuing to trend for Nevada Trump . So if he thinks Donald Trump is a Donald Trump , Donald Trump thinks the majority of Nevada thinks Donald Trump , tooand I Nevada that ’s pretty sad . " Trump responded to the " slim and Donald Trump " comment in an interview with The Washington Post : " Harry Reid ? I think this character that’s running for president go back and start working out Donald Trump with his rubber    pieces , " Trump said Donald Trump referring to an exercise band Donald Trump snapped , causing Reid a serious facial injury that this character that’s running for president his sight .   The Trump this character that’s running for president did not immediately respond to a Donald Trump for comment on Reid ’s latest jab . 
 this character that’s running for president 