February 17 , 2017 , The issue of immigration in the U. S. and a rare look inside a secretive , Communist nation are today ’s first two topics . We ’re also bringing you some martial arts trivia ahead of an uplifting report about a studio that ’s helping students with special needs . Finally , the return of hidden money from inside a recycled TV becomes the ultimate    program . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ , Click for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz ( PDF ) . 1 . When North Korea    a ballistic missile on Sunday , sending a message to North Korea   a ballistic missile on Sunday rivals , U. S. President Donald Trump was hosting the leader of what Asian country ? 2 . What is the name of the California lake whose spillways eroded , bringing a potential flood threat to almost 200 , 000 people ? 3 . Name the current leader of Canada , who visited the White House earlier this week . 4 . Hundreds of pilot whales recently beached Hundreds of pilot whales on a thin strip of land in what Asian country ? 5 . Name the two countries that have the longest shared border in the world . 6 . What U. S. government position was recently held by Michael Flynn before his Michael Flynn , following a controversy involving phone conversations with a Russian ambassador ? 7 . What what Asian country North Korea ’s only major ally ? 8 . The World Health Organization estimates that almost half the global population is at risk of catching what    disease ? 9 . Along its southern The World Health Organization , the nation what Asian country fence meant to stop illegal immigration from what other country ? 10 . ICE is an acronym for a U. S. federal law enforcement agency . What does ICE stand for ? TRANSCRIPT ICE CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Kicking off Friday ’s edition of CNN 10 .   I ’m Carl Azuz .   It ’s good to see you . Starting in the U. S. we ’ve been covering a lot of news surrounding the issue if immigration .   Yesterday , there were marches in Washington , D. C. and cities nationwide in an event called A Day Without Immigrants .   It was loosely organized through social media and word of mouth .   Its goal , to show It importance of immigrants to American society . It came after news reports It the week that officials with ICE , an acronym for Immigration and Customs Enforcement , had arrested hundreds of people who are in the U. S. illegally and started the process of removing them from the country . officials with ICE, an acronym for Immigration and Customs Enforcement Donald Trump signed an executive order on January 25th that prioritizes undocumented immigrants who ’ve been convicted of a crime , accused of a crime or who could be charged with a crime for deportation . Critics are concerned that a wide range of illegal immigrants could be targeted .   Immigration officials say the recent arrests were routine and that they were planned during the Immigration officials administration . For perspective , there were more deportations under President Obama than any previous Obama leader .   No one knows yet how President Trump ’s policies will play out . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) RAFAEL ROMO , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   The detentions over the last week are in the hundreds and have been across the country , especially in states with higher concentrations of immigrants .   In California alone , officials say they detained 160 individuals .   officials to authorities , 150 of the detainees had criminal histories and the rest were in deportation proceedings for other reasons . Activists say the raids have terrorized the immigration populations and caused widespread fear in these and other states .    But Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly says the raids are in compliance with the raids and not just random operations . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) JOHN F. KELLY , SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY :   First of all , they ’re not rounding anyone up .   The people that ICE apprehend are people who are illegal and then some . ICE is executing the law . ( ICE VIDEO CLIP the law :   A labor union representing a school district in Texas has published a flyer that tells immigrants what to do in case immigration authorities come knocking on their doors .   A union spokeswoman calls immigrants raids a crisis and says providing this information is important to students and parents at the school district .    A local official a school district in Texas to the raids . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE the raids We have heard of several confirmed ICE actions in Austin .   We are here to denounce those actions and to let the We know that we have several confirmed ICE actions in Austin . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) ROMO We   Immigration several confirmed ICE actions in Austin Customs Enforcement published a statement about the raids saying the following , " The rash of recent reports about purported ICE checkpoints and random sweeps are false , dangerous and irresponsible .   These reports create panic and put communities and law enforcement personnel in recent reports about purported ICE checkpoints and random sweeps .   Individuals who falsely report such activities are doing a disservice to those they claim to support . " President Donald Trump made cracking down on Individuals who falsely report such activities immigration a central focus of his presidential campaign . Rafael Romo , CNN , Atlanta . ( END President Donald Trump ) AZUZ :   Up next , other countries called it illegal , intolerable .   The U. S. wants North Korea to AZUZ:   punished for it .   But was the communist country ’s recent missile test a AZUZ:   present ? A North Korean government source said the launch was the best possible gift for Generalissimo Kim    on his 75th birthday .   Kim    on the left here , is Generalissimo Kim    Korea ’s former dictator Generalissimo Kim    He died in 2011 .   As we reported earlier this week , the North Korea’s former dictator launch coincided with a meeting of the Japanese and American leaders the launch countries are rivals of North Korea , and analysts said the launch was intended to the Japanese and American leaders warning to them .    But in the the launch capital , Pyongyang , a    national holiday is wrapping the Japanese and American leaders that celebrates what would have been Kim ’s 75th year .   Concerts , fireworks , military displays are all part of it .   CNN ’s Will Ripley got the chance to visit the area . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) WILL RIPLEY , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   That is our airplane that will take us to Pyongyang . Will Ripley from CNN Square here in Pyongyang , North Korea .   This is our they often have those huge choreographed mass displays and also Pyongyang parades pass by here .   Around the square , you find a mixture of government offices and museums .   That ’s the ministry of Kim   Square , more portraits of leaders , some apartments behind there , more government offices here and this is one of the museums on the square .    What ’s striking about Kim    Square and , you know , you see this in Kim   Square countries as well , with these large Kim   Square loom over the individual and make the individual feel this and the society feel huge . This massive building right here is called the Grand People Study House .   And in front of it is where the North Korean leader Kim    stands when he give speeches .   That ’s the portrait of his grandfather This massive building right here    and his father Kim   . You can see the North Korean leader Kim    huge crowds of people coming to pay their respects the North Korean leader Kim    what is considered one the North Korean leader Kim    the most holy sites in all of North Korea .   This is the monument these huge crowds of people the two late leaders , Kim    to the left , Kim    to the right .   It ’s remarkable to see these waves of people who Kim    here , all of them Kim    , all of them to pay their respects to the late leader on this national holiday , what would have been 75th these waves of people who are coming here of Kim   . You these waves of people who are coming here more and these waves of people who are coming here taxis on the streets here in Pyongyang , more traffic in general , really . This is Kim    the hotels that we stay at quite often , and it ’s actually on an island separate from the rest of Pyongyang , so the tourist wo n’t walk around in the city . ( END This ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     Pyongyang : What color belt is associated with the beginner Pyongyang arts ? Yellow , white , red , or green ? People learning martial arts usually begin with the white belt , which is set to signify birth . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   OK , building confidence , improving focus and coordination , getting in shape , learning    these are benefits you ’ll see advertise at practically any martial arts studio .   What makes Breaking Barriers Martial Arts different is n’t just the skills it helps its students develop but the students it helps develop those skills . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) KATARINA    BREAKING BARRIERS MARTIAL ARTS :   Disabilities Breaking Barriers Martial Arts it Breaking Barriers Martial Arts n’t mean they ca n’t Breaking Barriers Martial Arts what we can do .   I ’m Katarina    and I ’m the head instructor at Breaking Barriers Martial Arts .    Disabilities Barriers teaches children with Disabilities types of abilities .   So we have    muscular dystrophy , autism , ADHD .    It ’s just really fun to see them coming out of their shells and really being Disabilities in who they are , and knowing that being different is OK .    I have two younger brothers , David them Kenny , and they were both diagnosed them autism at a young age .   It was really    to find something for my brothers to be involved in . two younger brothers, David and Kenny So two younger brothers, David and Kenny it was really need when we joined taekwondo and we could do it as a family .   I felt like the environment was    so much my understanding .    UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   Most we , I it the heart of taekwondo is basically how to become like a better person .   :   I started this program , I had no idea it was going to be anything more than just a Saturday class that was going to be fun for kids to just come and play and learn this program arts .   But it ’s made an impact on these kids .    UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   Feels good to know that we ’re helping other families that are like this program .    UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   He has just blossomed through this program .   As a parent , it ’s the most incredible feeling . we ( APPLAUSE ) ( END VIDEOTAPE UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:   AZUZ :   At this program recycling depot , workers taking apart old this program , expect to find capacitors , resistors , cathode ray tubes .   AZUZ:   older set , an employee recently came across a cash box .   And inside was more than $ 100 , 000 .   There were also bank documents that helped police find the owner .    He ’d been saving the money for his family , but forgot about , passed the TV onto a friend and that friend recycled it .   The money ’s the owner returned to its owner . Makes the owner one serious cash back promotion y’ all .   Someone could have hidden a friend behind the TV scenes in the money for TV heist that would the TV been a turn off to many viewers .   Thankfully , the depot has a great screening program , a reality show that promotes honest TV . Fridays are awesome on CNN 10 .   We hope your weekend is , a Canadian recycling depot   CNN ’m Carl Azuz . Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 CNN INTERNATIONAL a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go CNN in the classroom . The show ’s priority is CNN 10 stories of international CNN 10 then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international CNN 10 Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 