Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s former campaign chief Paul Manafort pushed back Wednesday on a report that President Donald Trump allegedly earned millions of dollars by helping Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s government push government interests around the world . former campaign chief Paul Manafort confirmed that former campaign chief Paul Manafort worked for Oleg Deripaska , a Russian billionaire with close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s , but rejected an Associated Press report alleging that work was aimed at furthering the political interests of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s ’s government . " I worked with Oleg Deripaska almost a decade ago representing former campaign chief Paul Manafort on business and personal matters in countries where former campaign chief Paul Manafort had investments . My work for Oleg Deripaska did not involve representing Russian political interests , " Manafort said in a statement his Oleg Deripaska provided to CNN . He Oleg Deripaska another statement on the matter Wednesday afternoon : " I have always publicly acknowledged that I worked for Mr. Deripaska and his Oleg Deripaska , Rusal , to advance its his company, Rusal . For example , one of the projects involved supporting a referendum in Montenegro that allowed that country to choose membership in the ( European Union ) a measure that Russia opposed . I did not work for the Russia Once again , smear and innuendo are being used to paint a false picture . I look forward to meeting with those conducting serious investigations of these issues to discuss the actual facts Deripaska was referring to the 2006 referendum that resulted in Montenegro Montenegro independence from Serbia and Montenegro , which set the country on Russia    path .   A spokesman for Deripaska told CNN on Wednesday that Manafort provided " investment consulting services Manafort but declined to provide any additional details . " There was an agreement between Mr. Deripaska and Mr. Manafort to provide investment consulting services related to business interests of Mr. Deripaska which now is a Deripaska legal claims , " the spokesman said in a statement . A spokesman for Deripaska Press reported Wednesday that Manafort pitched a plan to Deripaska Wednesday Manafort greatly benefit the Putin Deripaska " and was subsequently paid millions of dollars , according to business records obtained by the AP and interviews the news outlet conducted with sources familiar with the matter . It is just the latest report pointing to a link between Manafort and Russian interests . Before he Manafort brought aboard the Trump campaign , Manafort was well known for having served Manafort an adviser to Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , who was close to Putin and fled to Russia after he was ousted in the 2014 political crisis Putin Manafort was later named in a Ukrainian Manafort investigation last summer after a ledger detailed millions of dollars in secret payments to Manafort , which he denied . Manafort ’s connections to Russia Putin fresh Manafort last month after current Russia former US officials told CNN that    Trump campaign advisers , including Manafort , regularly communicated with Russians known Manafort US intelligence . Manafort called the allegation " 100 % Manafort true " and said he did n’t " remember talking to Manafort Russian officials , ever . " White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Wednesday said Trump " did not know " of Manafort ’s work as disclosed in the Manafort report . " I think nothing in this morning ’s report references any actions by the President the AP report White House or any Trump administration official , " Spicer said during the White House briefing . White House press secretary Sean Spicer rejected the notion that Trump should have White House press secretary Sean Spicer about the work , Trump " in return whether Trump should have known who Manafort " played Trump " in the sandbox . " That came two days after Spicer sought to diminish Manafort ’s role in White House press secretary Sean Spicer campaign , claiming he played a " limited role " even though Manafort was campaign chairman and effectively took over as Manafort manager after the firing of Trump ’s first campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski Trump " Manafort worked on the campaign from March until August Manafort . " the campaign to look at some individual that was there for a short period of time , or , separately , individuals who really did n’t play any role in the campaign , and to suggest that those are the the campaign anything is a bit ridiculous , " Spicer said Monday during a White House briefing . The Associated Press report comes days after FBI Director James Comey confirmed in testimony to Congress that his agency is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 campaign and FBI Director James Comey ties between Trump campaign associates and the Russian government .   Sen. Susan Collins ,    said Wednesday that the new reports about Manafort are likely to be reviewed by the Senate Intelligence Committee . " I definitely do have concerns about that news report , " Collins told CNN . " I do n’t know what the Sen. Susan Collins is and I think it ’s really important that we look at the evidence and the evidence so aggressively . We need to follow the evidence wherever it leads . " And we Democratic Sen. Mark the evidence the vice the evidence of the committee , told CNN ’s Erin Burnett Tuesday that " the Senate Intelligence Committee going to need CNN bring ( Manafort ) in " to discuss connections between the Trump campaign and Russia . A cloud of suspicion has hung over Trump since the US government confirmed that the Russian government interfered in the presidential Trump with the aim of hurting Democratic Russia and helping Trump . During the campaign , Trump called for a friendlier relationship with Russia Trump defended Putin from human rights Trump allegations and repeatedly cast doubt on US government Russia of Russian interference during the campaign and after his election . Anthony Scaramucci , a hedge fund manager who served the campaign ’s national finance Putin during Manafort ’s tenure at the helm , said Trump " a lot of respect " for Manafort and said he believed Manafort ’s denial . Putin I take Paul at his word that he Manafort working on Putin interests Manafort and it was n’t tied Putin the Putin government , Putin Scaramucci said Wednesday on CNN ’s Putin New Day . " 
 