Hillary Clinton is a "   candidate " who stands for " failed ideas " Nigel Farage has said , adding " if you want change , you vote for Trump " . [ Speaking to Breitbart London ’s editor in chief Raheem Kassam , the Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) and former UKIP leader Nigel Farage said :   " Hillary Clinton is a twentieth century candidate standing on twentieth century ideas that are now outdated because they have n’t worked and they they failed . " She Hillary Clinton the continuity candidate so if you want things to stay exactly as they they with big business and big politics inside the Washington Beltway running your lives then you vote for Hillary . " But if you want change , you vote for Trump . " He Trump : " There are enough people who are unhappy about the direction that America is going in , dissatisfied with the growing inequality between rich and poor , and concerned about safety , security , and terrorism . " For all of those reasons I think Trump Trump momentum and I now think he Trump win . " Remarking on why he Trump believes that Mr. Trump win the election , Mr. Farage Trump " I think that the new campaign team that he ’s got Trump him   — Trump including Breitbart ’s own Steve Bannon   —    have got him into the Trump place . I think he ’s shown Trump just discipline in his messages , Trump also looks Trump relaxed . There have been some lighter movements . " Reflecting on his own career Trump British politics , the man known as " Mr. Brexit " said : " I ’ve been prepared to kick back hard against an establishment that have coalesced around a view of the world that was n’t mine and was n’t the view of the silent majority . " So I ’ve fought hard and I ’ve punched hard . Anyone who has seen my speeches in the European parliament know that . " But I think it ’s equally important to show that there is a human side to you . That you ’re real and you should n’t be afraid to smile or have a bit of a laugh . I think you should just be yourself . " you ’s one reason why Trump ’s turned things around . He ’s shown Trump’s lighter side " Anticipating that Ms. Clinton will be combative towards Mr. Trump during the first presidential debate on Monday the 26th of September , Mr. Farage advised the Republican nominee to keep on message and ignore any " digs and jibes " from Ms. Clinton . Ms. Clinton he does n’t Trump’s to her level , " Ms. Clinton Mr. Farage , " Mr. Farage just talks Trump’s to what ’s going to be a massive audience on Monday night . He ’ll do Trump’s well . " Asked what advice he would give Trump’s Trump , the man who delivered the Leave vote in the    referendum said : " Your job , Mr. Trump , if you want to win this presidential election , is to represent the little people . " Your job is to represent the people who do n’t work for the giant multinationals , for the people that are n’t rich , the    people who work and pay their taxes , and bring the giant multinationals their kids . " 
 the giant multinationals 