Citing the financial unsustainability of Obamacare , both the insured and insurers are fleeing Obamacare in increasing numbers , leaving President Obama ’s takeover of the nation ’s healthcare system on the verge of collapse . [ The administration has claimed Obamacare   —    officially designated the Affordable Care Act   —    to be a great success , insisting that 20 million previously uninsured Americans now have insurance . But according to a report at The Guardian , that " success " comes at the expense of all the features that were supposed to make the law sustainable .   President Obama and his cohorts imagined that since Obamacare   was to be compulsory , millions of healthy young Americans would immediately sign up , and the massive influx of cash paid into the system as insurance premiums would help pay for the higher costs in care doled out to older , sicker enrollees . Unfortunately for supporters of Obamacare   , millions of young people simply ignored the law , deciding , instead , to pay the tax penalties to the IRS for not having insurance because it was both easier to do and cheaper in the long run . Consequently , the largest number of new enrollees are people whose illnesses are costing the insurance companies more to pay out for the largest number of new enrollees care than the largest number of new enrollees are paying into the system in premiums . The result is more money going out for care than coming in , a situation impossible to sustain for long . The latter is why so many insurance carriers are dropping out of Obamacare . so many insurance carriers are being outspent and can not sustain the costs and remain profitable at the same time . And this , in turn , is setting the whole Obamacare system toward collapse . As the outlet reports : In April , UnitedHealthcare left most of the 34 state marketplaces UnitedHealthcare participated in . And in August , Aetna scaled back Aetna participation in the markets because of losses , and also because of the [ J]ustice [ D]epartment ’s attempt to block J]ustice from merging with another health insurance giant , Humana . Worse , insurance premiums have risen time and again since the inception of Obamacare only a few short years ago , and those rises are set to continue pricing many policies hundreds of dollars a month past the wooly claims of cheap healthcare plans Obama made when Obama was pushing the law . In addition , a recent Kaiser Family Foundation study on Obamacare was released that was such bad news for Obamacare a recent Kaiser Family Foundation study on Obamacare brought the Trump campaign to call a recent Kaiser Family Foundation study on Obamacare " another extraordinary indictment of Obamacare . " Echoing The Guardian ’s report , a recent Kaiser Family Foundation study on Obamacare that " the number of counties with a single marketplace insurer is likely to increase , from 225 ( 7 % of counties ) in 2016 to 974 ( 31 % of counties ) in 2017 . " The report reveals another Echoing The Guardian’s report principal failures of a feature that was supposed to have made Obamacare sustainable   —    that of competition between insurers . We are now finding that this competition is    in large swaths of the country . " The news that Americans living in more than 6 in 10 counties next year will only have one or at most two healthcare options under Obamacare is another extraordinary indictment of this law and Hillary Clinton ’s disastrously poor judgment , " national policy adviser to Donald Trump Stephen Miller said in a statement . Miller added : Every policy Donald Trump Stephen Miller touches only produces more Hillary Clinton . In this case , it means higher prices , this case choices , and less control over one ’s most private medical decisions . Yet Hillary Clinton thinks struggling Americans Hillary Clinton it too good . She wants to give the government Hillary Clinton control over the entire healthcare system   —    taking away even more choices from American moms , dads and children . This is yet another crossroads in this election : America must repeal and replace this disastrous law or live under total government control . The Kaiser Family Foundation study is only added to reports that Obamacare rates are soaring , and 16 of the 23 state exchanges established by the law have failed . Follow this disastrous law Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 