Washington ( CNN ) There is " absolutely not " any illness in Hillary Clinton ’s medical records that has n’t been disclosed , Hillary Clinton campaign manager said Monday . Robby Mook told CNN ’s Jake Tapper it was the fault of Hillary Clinton staff that the press was n’t told for 90 minutes where the former secretary of state had gone when she the former secretary of state a    commemoration ceremony early after " overheating " and having to be helped into a van after faltering Sunday . " I wish we ’d done that in a shorter amount of time . That ’s on us we that ’s on the Clinton’s staff " Mook told Tapper on " The Lead . " " We were we to make sure she could Mook her doctor Mook getting her to Mook ’s apartment , making sure she was Mook . "   Clinton departed the ceremony at 9:30 a. m. ET and went to daughter Chelsea Clinton ’s apartment . Later , Clinton returned Clinton her home Clinton Chappaqua , New York , where Mook said she was Clinton to by her doctor Clinton   A video showed a wobbly Clinton stumbling Clinton she was Clinton into her van Clinton depart the ceremony . Asked if she fainted Clinton Mook said : " My understanding is she did Clinton lose consciousness . "   After 5 p. m. ET , her campaign Clinton a statement saying Clinton was Clinton Friday with pneumonia .   " On Friday , Friday made Clinton decision with her doctors Clinton just power through this , " Mook said Mook Tapper pressed on why the campaign her campaign disclosed that diagnosis at the time .   " Obviously pneumonia is more pneumonia than a cold or the flu , but often people continue to go in to work and power through " with pneumonia , Mook said Mook   " If it was up to her , Mook would Mook out there right now , continuing to campaign . But we definitely think it ’s the right thing for her to Mook some down time , get over this and get back over there , " he said .   In the    contentious interview , Mook complained Mook Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has n’t disclosed as much about his own health Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump a brief doctor ’s note with no vital information is all his campaign has Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump     as Clinton .   " Donald Trump has Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for 500 or more days , " Mook said Mook " Let ’s hold Donald Trump ’s feet Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump fire to disclose anything whatsoever this serious about his health . " Trump his own health     on " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Friends " he ’ll soon make public Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump results of a physical exam he had last week . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Clinton ’s campaign , meanwhile , says she ’ll be examined this week Clinton the campaign will last week full results Clinton’s campaign Clinton tweeted twice about her health Monday Clinton , saying his own health     Clinton to everyone who ’s reached out with well wishes ! I ’m feeling fine and getting better . "   Then , in the second tweet , she said : " Like anyone who ’s Clinton been home sick from work , I ’m just anxious to get back out there . ’m you on the trail soon . "   Both tweets were signed " " indicating they came from Clinton herself , not her staff Both tweets 
 Clinton Clinton Clinton 