  ( CNN ) In a surprise reshuffle at the top of Saudi Arabia ’s royal hierarchy , Saudi Arabia king has removed his nephew the country’s king crown prince in favor of his son Mohammed bin Salman Mohammed bin Salman will now be first in line to succeed his father King Salman as ruler of the Gulf Mohammed bin Salman key US ally .   The     has been appointed deputy prime minister and will continue in his role as defense minister , according to a royal decree Mohammed bin Salman by state media .   Despite his youth , Mohammed bin Salman has long had a visible Mohammed bin Salman in the Mohammed bin Salman has spearheaded the kingdom ’s attempts to wean itself off oil as part of an economic strategy announced last year . the kingdom reform policies currently in place     such as the Vision 2030 plan and a planned IPO by Saudi oil giant Aramco     were already being driven by him .   As defense minister , he has overseen the    military Saudi oil giant Aramco     against Yemen ’s Houthi rebels , Saudi oil giant Aramco     has caused the deaths of thousands of civilians since 2015 and left the country spiraling towards " total social , economic and institutional collapse , Yemen to the United Nations . The consolidation of power , which was more rapid than expected , gives allies a clear indication of who will potentially lead the kingdom for decades .   It may also send a signal to other regional powers about Saudi Arabia ’s foreign policy aims at a time of heightened tensions in the Middle East . Consolidation of power , When and if " MBS , " as he is know , succeeds his father , he will be the first Saudi king who is not the he of the he ’s founder King Abdul Aziz Al Saud , also known as Ibn Saudi Arabia There has been speculation for years as to the future line of succession , with the throne moving between the increasingly aged sons of Ibn Saud .   By elevating his own son first to deputy crown prince , and now crown prince , King Salman appears to have cut off other branches of the family from the throne . Barak Seener , chief executive of Strategic Intelligentia and former Middle East the throne the Royal United Services Institute , said that as successor , Mohammed bin Salman " will have greater influence to implement social and economic modernization efforts . "   Seener predicted this would " spill over into Saudi Arabia ’s foreign policy , " with the new crown prince favoring a more confrontational stance in particular with Iran , a major Shiite power .   " As the Trump administration has strategically realigned the US away from Iran and towards Sunni states , ( Mohammed bin Salman ) is the ideal leader for Iran US to coordinate defense and security efforts in Syria , Iraq , Yemen and the the US " Seener said .   Cousin bumped down line of succession   Mohammed bin Salman ’s elevation to     to the throne comes at the expense of his cousin (Mohammed bin Salman) former Crown Prince Mohammed bin Nayef bin Abdulaziz . He had been named to Mohammed bin Salman’s role in 2015 , in what many at the time called a surprise Mohammed bin Salman’s shift , replacing the King ’s    Prince Muqrin as future ruler and bumping Mohammed bin Salman to second in the line of succession .   That move has now been overturned , with Mohammed bin Nayef also stripped of his title and his roles as deputy prime minister and interior minister . Images published in Saudi state media Mohammed bin Nayef the new Mohammed bin Nayef prince kissing the hand of Mohammed bin Nayef , who was said to have pledged allegiance to the man who has replaced him at the Safa Palace in Mecca . A young heir for a young nation , Mohammed bin Salman the new crown prince appointment puts the age of Saudi Arabia ’s heir much closer to the country ’s median age of 27 .   His age has made him popular among young people , Saudi Arabia he demanded more entertainment choices in an Mohammed bin Salman’s to decrease the Mohammed bin Salman’s of Saudis vacationing abroad . Since then Mohammed bin Salman’s the conservative kingdom has set up a series of activities that are popular in the west , including comedy shows and monster truck competitions .    Mohammed bin Salman has long been a prominent figure in Saudi politics , seen as a key power player Mohammed bin Salman’s and a reformer by Saudi standards . He visited the United States in March , where he had lunch at the White House with US President Saudi Trump Mohammed bin Salman’s In an interview with the Washington Post in Mohammed bin Salman’s , he praised the country ’s relationship with the US , saying that without American influence " we would have ended up Mohammed bin Salman’s North Korea . "   Saudi laws make it difficult for many women to work , the US , undergo medical procedures or go to university without the permission of a male relative , or spouse . Those laws are under review .   One of the key goals of Vision 2030 is to increase women ’s participation in Saudi laws . Since Mohammed bin Salman unveiled the project last year , three top jobs in finance     including the head of the stock exchange     have been filled by women . Women are also forbidden from driving in the kingdom , an issue Mohammed bin Salman has taken a cautious approach towards .   " Society is still not convinced of women driving and believes it Mohammed bin Salman consequences if women are allowed to drive , " he said in April 2016 . " This is up to Saudi Society . We ca n’t force something it does n’t want . " Mohammed bin Salman He has also called for Saudis to be given more influence in government , telling the Economist last year that he wanted to build a Mohammed bin Salman that " guarantees the participation of everyone in   . "   Mohammed bin Salman has also voiced support the Economist " freedom of expression " and " human rights . "   According to    NGO Freedom House , Saudi Arabia " restricts almost all political rights and civil liberties through a combination of oppressive laws and the use of force . "   In the most recent " Freedom in the World " report , the group listed Saudi Arabia as the ninth least free society in the world .   Tense region , The Saudi political reshuffle comes amid the biggest crisis Saudi Arabia the Middle East in decades     an unprecedented the World diplomatic freeze of Qatar by key allies and neighbors which started on June 5 . Gulf allies have accused Qatar of allegedly supporting terrorist groups but many observers have been surprised by the severity of their response .   US State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told Qatar this week Washington is " mystified " by the continued blockade of Qatar .   many observers The more time goes by , the more doubt is raised about the actions taken by Saudi Arabia and the ( United Arab Qatar ) , " she said . Opinion : Qatar must start changing its behavior 
 Qatar Qatar US State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert 