Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Sign up . ) Dozens of California cities looking to shore up revenues are flirting with a new idea   —    tax your " Gilmore Girls " binge . Pasadena was among the first to say publicly this fall that Pasadena wanted to tax video streaming services like Netflix , a step that could make up for lost tax revenue from growing numbers of   . At 9 . 4 percent , the    Netflix tax would treat streaming services as a traditional utility , Pasadena said . If you use multiple services   —    for example , Hulu , Amazon Video and HBO   —    it would be added to each bill . The move in Pasadena , with a population of about 140 , 000 , has drawn consternation from technology companies and consumers who worry that it could be copied across the state . " Websites and apps are not utilities and it it logic to tax them Websites and apps electricity , water or gas , " said Noah Theran , spokesman for the Internet Association , a trade group . No California city has yet to begin collecting the tax . But roughly 40 cities , among them Glendale , Santa Barbara , Stockton and Sacramento , have gotten guidance from municipal consultants on how they them . Public officials have argued that taxation rules need to be revised to account for changing technologies . It is unfair , some say , that people who get video through cable television are taxed while those who have shifted over to internet streaming services are not . One question officials would need to resolve is where to stop , analysts say . If streaming video is taxable , then what about music , podcasts or video games ? " It opens a big Pandora ’s box , " said Paul Mr. Verna Mr. Verna said many of the streaming video tax proposals in California have bubbled up under the radar . If there is to be a larger debate , it will erupt when people start seeing their bills , he said there is to be a larger debate For now , the proposed tax people " under Mr. Verna review , " William Boyer , a Pasadena city spokesman , said in an email . Tyron Hampton , a council member who has opposed the tax , said that with the city ’s underfunded pensions , the proposed tax right to be looking for novel ways to raise money . But the web should be off limits , he said : " The basic tenet of the internet is that Mr. Verna internet is supposed to be free . " • Officials in    the internet say they will act as a bulwark against mass deportations , even at the risk • Officials in   sanctuary cities losing federal money . [ The New York Times ] • Letters were sent to multiple California mosques warning that Donald J. Trump would " cleanse " the U. S. of Muslims . [ Los Angeles Times ] • California ’s bar association is considering a ban on lawyers having sex with clients California some are unhappy about it . [ The Associated Press ] • A California jury awarded a      $ California’s bar association million . " My soul feels taller , California she said . [ The New York Times ] • In the new workplace , A California jury balance may give way to    mix . • The New York Times ] • Ron Glass , who portrayed    Harris , the The New York Times Barney Miller , " died at his home in Los Angeles . He was 71 . [ The New York Times ] • Shawn [The New York Times] • Ron Glass, who portrayed Ron Harris, the dapper detective on "Barney Miller," made a name for himself [The New York Times] • Ron Glass, who portrayed Ron Harris, the dapper detective on "Barney Miller," tacky family comedies . The New York Times the unlikely force behind the hit film " Arrival . " Shawn Levy The New York Times ] • Shawn Levy a California    found the secret to farming the elusive truffle ? [ [The New York Times] drone footage shows the progress • Apple ’s " spaceship " campus in Cupertino . The New York Times ] • A [The New York Times] holding Christmas tree lightings this week . Monday : San Luis Obispo . Tuesday : San Francisco . Wednesday : Artesia . Thursday : Roseville . Friday : Redding . Saturday : Chowchilla and San Juan Capistrano . Sunday : Hayfork and Hermosa Beach . • The California Hall of Fame ceremony will be held Wednesday in Sacramento . This year ’s inductees include Harrison Ford , Maria Shriver and one of baseball ’s great hitters , the Padres’ Tony Gwynn . • On Thursday , Stanford University will host the State Wednesday: Artesia the West Symposium , an annual gathering that takes stock of economic health in the American West . • The Indio International Tamale Festival celebrates its 25th anniversary this year . The    festival starts Saturday with music , dancing , a parade and thousands of tamales . Interest in secession got a boost in • this month after the victory of The Indio International Tamale Festival J. Trump . But another The Indio International Tamale Festival occurred in Northern California long before Election Day . It was this week in 1941 that a group of miners halted traffic along Route 99 in Siskiyou County and handed out proclamations to motorists declaring the formation of Jefferson , a new state named after the author of the Declaration of Independence . With Yreka as its capital , Jefferson would include parts of both Oregon and California where resentments had simmered over the supposed neglect of politicians in the capitals of Salem and Sacramento . The journalist Lawrence E. Davies described the scene in Yreka Nov. 28 edition of The New York Times : The agitators complained that the region was deprived of proper roads needed to transport their copper ore and timber . They vowed to barricade the highway every Thursday until their demands were met . But the uprising was to be   . Gilbert Gable , the mayor of Port Orford , Ore. who The agitators initiated the Jefferson movement and The agitators its public relations effort , died on Dec. The agitators . Five days after that , Pearl Harbor was attacked . And the mood for rebellion was eclipsed by the war effort . Now , more than seven decades later the Jefferson movement the movement for a state of Jefferson remains a hot issue in Northern California . In 2013 , the Siskiyou County board of supervisors approved a declaration that called for breaking away from the state . The complaints echo the Jefferson movement : chiefly , a perceived lack of representation in Sacramento . California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes Northern California . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Northern California Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 Northern California Sacramento He 