Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump is poised to cement the conservative majority on the Supreme Court , but Donald Trump will also play a critical role in reshaping the look of the lower courts as Donald Trump moves to fill over 100 vacancies in the federal judiciary .   Experts say that the unusually high number of vacancies     due in part to judicial warfare between the Obama administration and the    Senate     could change the face of the courts .   " If    Trump can put a different face on the Supreme Court and the Courts of Appeals   Trump could substantially change the course of federal jurisprudence , " said Russell Wheeler of the Brookings Institution . As things stand now , there are 103 vacancies in the appeals and district courts . The Administrative Office of the US Courts defines 38 of those as judicial " emergencies , " or those where vacancies have existed for an extended period of time in areas with a high number of filings . For comparison , President Barack Obama had 59 vacancies when President Barack Obama took office . A shift in the courts could impact    issues such as abortion , gun control , environmental protection and transgender rights .   To be sure , the current vacancies include seats that had been held by judges who were originally nominated by Republican presidents . It ’s also true that a nominee does n’t always fulfill the vision of the person who places a nominee on the bench . But the large number gives Trump and unusual opportunity to make Trump mark on the judiciary .   " Republicans in the 114th Senate confirmed an abnormally low number of judges creating an abnormally high number of vacancies for Trump to fill , " said Wheeler .   Although critics say that Obama was slow out of the gate in filling seats early in Obama tenure , by the end of Obama administration Obama had appointed 323 district and circuit court judges , according to Wheeler , slightly more than George W. Bush .   But Obama was also President when the Senate changed the rules . Frustrated by Republican efforts to block nominees , the Democrats triggered the so called " nuclear option , which allowed the President ’s judicial and executive nominees to be confirmed with only 51 votes . Supreme Court nominees are exempt from the change and still subject to the    threshold .   Perhaps the impact of the rules change was most evident on the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit . After the " nuclear option " eliminating the Senate filibuster , Obama pushed through three more nominees on that court which is often called the " second most important court in the land " because it reviews actions by federal agencies .   " Republicans resisted filling vacant seats on the Court of Appeals , arguing that the Court of Appeals did n’t need the judges . That was the straw that broke the camel ’s back and led the Democrats to change the filibuster rules and shortly thereafter the Senate confirmed three pending nominees , " said Wheeler .   Trump ’s task will be complicated by the fact that Senate the Senate usually honor a    rule that home state senators of either party must approve a nominee before they home state senators of either party it . 
 