WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Trumpocrats PAC ’s executive director , Christian Rickers , is demanding that Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee for president , offer an unconditional apology to the millions of Americans Hillary Clinton insulted on Friday night —   including Democrats like himself —   when Hillary Clinton called them a " basket of deplorables . " [ " Trumpocrats PAC demands that Hillary Clinton offer a clear , unequivocal apology to the hundreds of thousands of Democrats , independents and other voters who are supporting Donald Trump , " Rickers said in a statement that will be released shortly , and was provided to Breitbart News ahead of its Rickers release .    He Breitbart News : Her Hillary Clinton , elitist    is directed at those who disagree with her Hillary Clinton policies which have laid waste on vast areas of our country . From the mills and mines of Pennsylvania to rusting auto manufacturing facilities in Ohio to the shuttered factories in Virginia and North Carolina , Clinton ’s policies have stripped workers of their Clinton’s policies and destroyed families by exporting jobs and leaving communities with no hope for the future . Millions of Americans have valid reasons to oppose her Clinton and her Clinton policies . They Millions of Americans not deplorable . They Millions of Americans the Trumpocrats . Rickers’ statement comes in response to Hillary Clinton ’s attack on at least " half " of Donald Trump supporters —   millions of people —   whom she Hillary Clinton’s " irredeemable " and in the " basket of deplorables " who are " racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamophobic , you name it . "   Rickers runs an organization —   Trumpocrats —   representing hundreds of thousands , perhaps millions , of Democrats nationwide who are leaving their Democrats en masse to , instead , vote for Donald Trump , the Republican nominee for president . Rickers Rickers a lifelong Democrat and voted for Sen. Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary in Virginia , and , like many other Trumpocrats , has not supported a Republican until Hillary Clinton became the Democratic nominee and Trump offered such disaffected Democrats a way out of their the Democratic Party The PAC is leading efforts in key swing states like Pennsylvania , Ohio , Virginia , Michigan , Wisconsin , and others to free Democrats from the Democratic Party under Clinton and to encourage them to Democrats for Trump for president . In addition to calling out Hillary Clinton Clinton " deplorables Clinton comment —   for which she has still Clinton apologized , only saying she " regrets Clinton saying it about half of Trump ’s supporters Trump declining to specify exactly how many Americans she thinks are Clinton deplorables " —   Rickers’ team has also released a video going after her husband , Clinton President Bill Clinton , for attacking the " coal people " across America . WATCH TRUMPOCRATS’ PAC AD ON THE CLINTON WAR ON COAL : " The United States has America , 000 coal mining jobs in the past 30 years , " Rickers said in his statement , adding : According Rickers The Washington Post , 25 years ago 1 out of every 14 jobs in West Virginia was a coal mining job . Today , it ’s 1 in 28 . Communities have been crushed , families destroyed . During the same 30 year period , manufacturing has declined over 50 percent . That ’s why working people , Democrats , independents , and thousands who have never even voted before , are rallying together to support Donald Trump as Trumpocrats . Trumpocrats 527 SuperPAC is targeting key Trumpocrats Ohio , Pennsylvania , Florida , Virginia , and North Carolina . Many pundits and campaign experts agree that Trumpocrats in these swing states will determine the Trumpocrats of the 2016 election . 
 