May 17 , 2017 , A debate concerning the U. S. president , sensitive intelligence , and Russia leads things off for us today . us ’re also giving you a preview of what ’s ahead in Iran ’s election , and us ’re examining the history of something that millions use every day . Finally : a pirate ship " sets sail " in Arizona . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Hi .   I ’m Carl Azuz .   This is CNN 10 , 10 minutes of world news explained . A lot of discussion is going on right now with Washington , D. C. about whether U. S. President Donald Trump revealed highly classified information to officials from Russia .   U. S. President Donald Trump met with that country ’s foreign minister and ambassador last week at the White House .   And on Monday night , " The Washington Post " reported that U. S. President Donald Trump shared top secret information about an ISIS terrorist plot . Why would this concern some U. S. intelligence officials ?   Well , if the U. S. President Donald Trump sensitive information with Russia , it could the president shared sensitive information with Russia to that country or others some methods or sources that America uses to gather intelligence and that ’s something the U. U. S. want to be known . CNN has not independently verified " The Washington Post " report and a Trump administration says it ’s wrong . The Washington Post" report and a Trump administration BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) H. R. MCMASTER , NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER :   The story that came out tonight as reported is false .   The president and the foreign minister reviewed a range of common threats to our two countries , including threats to civil aviation .    At no time , at no time , where intelligent sources or methods discussed .   And the president did not The president and the foreign minister military operations that were not already publicly known .    And I was in the room .   It did n’t happen . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   Still , Democratic and some Republican lawmakers are demanding more information from the White House about the president ’s meeting with The president and the foreign minister .   As far as disclosing classified information goes , the president has the authority to The president and the foreign minister , so he ’s not being accused of breaking The president and the foreign minister law .   And as far as the intelligence itself go , the ISIS plot , it reportedly involves plans to use laptop the intelligence itself as bombs on planes . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) RENE MARSH , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   As the U. S. moves towards expanding its ban on all electronics larger than the U. S. cell phone from the main cabin of U. S.   aircraft , airlines are in preparation mode .   The Department of Homeland Security is preparing to announce it will expand its electronics ban to The Department of Homeland Security .    The Department of Homeland Security now , the ban is in place for flights from 10 airports in eight Muslim majority countries .   An expanded ban , though , could impact more than 350 flights a day .   The    . S. track is the world ’s busiest international corridor .   Delta , United , American Airlines are all of the U. S. carriers that would be impacted the most .   They have the most flights on this American Airlines . Right now , airlines are trying to figure out new protocols and policy for how to check passengers for compliance .   They are working with international airports to airlines the setup to isolate passengers and flights bound for the U. S. DHS says that this ban was put into place because intelligence suggests that terrorists have perfected their ability to hide explosives in the terrorists components of these electronics .    Now , Europeans , though , the officials there     they are voicing safety concerns that there terrorists be a large number of electronic devices with    batteries in the cargo hold . But , the FAA says , the dangers associated with these batteries are reduced because they are spread out in various bags these batteries luggage , and they are not stored together and on these batteries of each other . ( END VIDEOTAPE )   AZUZ :   It ’s just days before an election in the Middle Eastern nation of Iran .   People there will go to the polls on Friday , and the country ’s current vice president , Iran a candidate for office announced yesterday he dropped out of the race .   He ’s the second person to do that he the election looming and he endorsed the an election in the Middle Eastern nation of Iran current leader , President he Rouhani for another term . Iran is a theocratic republic .   Its citizens democratically elect the president and lawmakers , Iran there ’s a catch     not everyone gets to run for office .   Iran ’s highest authority , the supreme leader , Iran final say on all of Iran ’s policies .   The ultra conservative Muslim cleric Iran a panel that decides who gets to run for the presidency in the first place .   So , the choices are limited and the stakes are high . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) FREDERIK PLEITGEN , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT ( ):   Election buzz   .   Supporters for incumbent President Hassan Rouhani drumming up enthusiasm for what they feel will be a close vote . UNIDENTIFIED MALE Supporters for incumbent President Hassan Rouhani   Because he made my country so much better in his first UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   years . PLEITGEN :   Rouhani has UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   balanced approach to foreign relations , this incumbent President Hassan Rouhani says .   I think he will continue this policy .   So , I incumbent President Hassan Rouhani vote for him . Rouhani is a moderate .   He wants incumbent President Hassan Rouhani build incumbent President Hassan Rouhani his biggest achievement , the incumbent President Hassan Rouhani agreement reached two years incumbent President Hassan Rouhani between Iran and several world powers that curbs Iran ’s nuclear ambitions in return for sanctions relief . Iran folks are in a tough political fight against Rouhani .   Iran ’s conservatives have unified behind this incumbent President Hassan Rouhani , the ideological Iran The conservatives Raisi .   The conservatives want Iran to get tougher on America .   They say the Iran agreement has n’t brought the economic benefits Rouhani The conservatives . Our youth are ready to work and get married , Raisi said .   But the framework is not right for them to get jobs .   Does the situation really need to The conservatives ?   And should we continue to look to foreign powers to solve our problems ? Campaigning has become vicious by Iranian standards .   we all candidates accused each other of being corrupt in a recent TV debate .   Rouhani even saying conservatives try to undermine his efforts to negotiate the Rouhani agreement . ( on camera ) Rouhani   Many analysts and pollsters here in Iran say the race is simply too close to call , just days before the election .   That ’s also because around 15 percent of voters remain undecided .    ( ):   And so , both sides continue to mobilize their supporters , hoping to gain an edge in an election they both sides will be key in determining their country ’s economic and both sides future . Fred Pleitgen , CNN both sides Tehran . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : Levi Hutchins has a place in American history for devising what timely invention in 1787 ? Railroad timetable , punch clock , stock sticker , or alarm clock ? Mr. Hutchins liked to be awake promptly at 4:00 a. m.   Levi Hutchins   So , he invented the first mechanical alarm clock in the U. S. ( END Levi Hutchins CLIP ) AZUZ :   He apparently did n’t patent it , though , and he made it Levi Hutchins for himself .   AZUZ:   , Levi Hutchins does Levi Hutchins get AZUZ:   credit for Levi Hutchins the mass produced alarm Levi Hutchins we know it .    But that ’s not necessarily a bad thing .   Hutchins’ invention did n’t allow him to change his wakeup time .   It was 4:00 a. m. or Levi Hutchins .   Levi Hutchins there was n’t a snooze button either , so there was no way for him to grab an extra CNN 10 minutes of sleep . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE Levi Hutchins RACHEL CRANE , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   Steam engines , factories and spinning jennies get most of the attention .   But there was actually something much more mundane that helped shape the world ’s economy from agrarian towards industrial .   And if you ’re like 68 percent of Americans , it ’s probably the first thing you interact with in the morning . I ’m talking about the alarm clock .   For thousands of years , people took their temporal cues from the sun .   Sure , it might have made people a meeting a little bit difficult , but then again , there were n’t many meetings back then .   People tended to fend for themselves and their immediate community .    But then , the industrial revolution changed People . People Workers had to be punctual .   Time became money , so to speak .   So , we became slaves of the ticking clock .   None of this    scheduling that worked for the predictable rhythms of farm life .   Plus , there were n’t any roosters to wake you .    So , how did the workforce adjust to the new world order ?    At first , factories installed whistles or bells that sounded throughout the area to alert its employees that the workday was set to begin .   Some companies even the area knocker uppers to bang on windows and rouse their employees at their homes .    Then , in 1876 , an American Some companies received the Some companies patent for    mechanical alarm .   Even though the concept and the crude models dated back to Plato , these were the first    alarm clocks and they paved the way for a huge improvement in personal and business efficiency . these And then , also , why I ’m so groggy all the time ? ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   A unique set of circumstances came together for this .   First , a large Ponderosa pine tree .   Then , the man who owns it just happens to be a relative of Hollywood set designers , and most noticeably , a serious love for pirates . This tree house ship has sails , cannons , chains , rudders , it ’s got a captain ’s quarters and a crow ’s nest that ’s This tree house ship the highest structure in this small town in Arizona .   There are no plans to charge admission .   The owner just wants kids to enjoy it .   He does plan to add a zip line connected to a The owner nearby , The owner sounds like a lot more fun than a walk down a plank , except in winter when it can put a shiver in me timbers .    Even though there ’s no ocean in sight , the landlocked     is perfect for land lovers .   They could make for a lot of jolly rogers .   In a word , it ’s piratical .    Singing ahoy for CNN 10 , I ’m Carrrl Azuz . Click here to access CNN printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves CNN growing audience interested in compact    CNN 10 CNN for explanation CNN 10 the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why CNN 10 making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex CNN 10 international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN 