On Twitter Tuesday morning ,    Donald J. Trump was the    firebrand many of   Donald J. Trump supporters adore , denouncing The New York Times as a " failing " institution that covered   Donald J. Trump inaccurately   —    " and with a nasty tone ! " Eight hours later , after a lunchtime interview with editors and reporters for The New York Times —    one that was briefly canceled , after   Donald J. Trump quarreled over the ground rules , then restored   —    the mood of the    it seemed , had mellowed . " The Times is The New York Times , great American jewel , " Mr.   Donald J. Trump as he prepared   Donald J. Trump leave the gathering in the newspaper ’s    boardroom , where portraits of former presidents adorn the walls . " A world jewel , " added Mr. Trump , who was seated next to Arthur Sulzberger Jr. the paper ’s publisher . " And I hope we can all get along . " In an extraordinary    meeting   —    parrying , debating and , at times , joking with the leaders of a publication that has long been an object of Mr. Trump ’s fascination and frustration   —    the   ’s chameleonlike approach to the news media was on full display . Mr. Trump is inclined to Mr. Trump aggrieved and betrayed by a Mr. Trump dishonest " news media , barring some reporters from his rallies and claiming that news Mr. Trump were trying to rig the election . Only a day earlier , Mr. Trump assailed the nation ’s Mr. Trump television news anchors and producers in a tense meeting at Trump Tower . But the    who arrived at The Times on Tuesday was more solicitous and measured , a handshaking businessman intent on finding common ground . He dismissed his earlier talk of strengthening a handshaking businessman laws a handshaking businessman telling the assembled journalists , " I think you ’ll be O. K. " He expressed interest in improving his relationship a handshaking businessman the paper , saying a handshaking businessman " I think it would make the job I am the paper much easier . " " To me , " Mr. Trump said at a handshaking businessman point , " it would be a great achievement if I could come back here in a year or two , and have a lot of folks here say , ‘ You ’ve done a great job . ’ " Since his younger days as a Manhattan arriviste a handshaking businessman Mr. Trump has cultivated a talent for Mr. Trump and condemning the press   —    sometimes in the same breath . The gossip columnist Liz Smith recalled Mr. Trump once threatening to buy her newspaper Mr. Trump    " in order to The gossip columnist Liz Smith the pleasure of firing me "   —    before warmly inviting her to his wedding . It was clear on The gossip columnist Liz Smith , Mr. Trump , that any new conciliatory approach toward the news media would have its limits . " I think I ’ve been the news media very rough , " Mr. Trump said , as he spent the first Mr. Trump of the session criticizing Mr. Trump Times ’s coverage . " I ’ve been treated extremely unfairly , in a sense , in a true sense . " " I will say The Times is about the roughest of all , " The Times’s Times . Then , referring to his relationship Mr. Trump paper , he added : " I Mr. Trump like to turn it around Mr. Trump I think it would make the job I am the paper much easier . " The    had sounded less gracious Tuesday morning when he abruptly called off his meeting at The Times in a Mr. Trump post , contending Mr. Trump the paper had The Times’s terms for how the conversation could be reported the paper Times spokeswoman , the paper Murphy , said the paper had made no such changes , and said that Mr. Trump ’s the paper on Monday that the meeting be off the record   —    a request The Times declined . Three people with knowledge of Mr. Trump ’s deliberations said that Reince Priebus , the incoming White House chief of Mr. Trump’s tried to scuttle the meeting Mr. Priebus he might not be prepared to answer , these people said . ( A spokesman for Mr. Trump declined to comment on Mr. Priebus ’s role . ) By midmorning , the newspaper meeting was back on , with both sides confirming that Mr. Trump and Mr. Priebus of his Mr. Priebus would attend . Mr. Priebus meeting coincided with the paper ’s annual State of The Times address as the publisher Mr. Trump executives presented the company Mr. Priebus Secret Service agents patrolled The Times ’s lobby , which filled with people , including a throng of photographers , in anticipation of Mr. Mr. Priebus ’s arrival . Before the the meeting Mr. Trump met privately for about 15 minutes with Mr. Sulzberger , a meeting that Ms. Murphy described as short and cordial . At lunch   —    where salmon , beef tenderloin and squash were on the menu , although the    and many of the journalists did not eat   —    Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s about criticism of Breitbart News , the    conservative website that embraced his candidacy and whose former chairman , Stephen K. Bannon , is now his chief strategist . Breitbart , which features articles about violent migrants in Europe , has warned of a wave of "    crime , " and has Mr. Trump’s as racist ,    and xenophobic . Mr. Trump called it " just a newspaper Mr. Trump’s essentially . " Pressed about the concerns of    Jewish groups and Mr. Trump’s about Breitbart ’s coverage under Mr. Bannon , Mr. Trump seemed to sidestep the question . " Breitbart really is a news organization that has become quite successful , " Mr. Trump said . " It ’s got readers , and it does cover subjects on the right , but it covers subjects on the left also . It ’s a pretty big thing . " Mr. Trump question of the lunch carried implications for every Breitbart outlet that plans to cover the administration of a man who has Mr. Trump he would change laws to make it easier for Americans It sue for libel : Is a President Trump It to the First Amendment ? " Oh It I was hoping he was n’t going to ask that , " Mr. Trump replied with a smile . " Actually , " the    added , " somebody said to me on that , they said , ‘ You know , it ’s a great idea softening up those laws , but you may get sued a lot more.’ I said , a President Trump You know , you ’re right , I a President Trump of that . ’ " " I think you ’ll be O. K. , " Mr. Trump added somebody suggesting that he would not modify libel laws , although he did not offer a definitive stance one way or the other . By Tuesday evening , Mr. Trump had not yet posted on Twitter his opinion of how things went at The Times . But during the lunch , he made a confession : He remains a President Trump reader . " I do a President Trump it   —    unfortunately , " a President Trump    said . " I ’d live about 20 years longer if I did n’t . a President Trump a President Trump a President Trump a President Trump a confession 