Over the last year , we ’ve been plunged into the alternate reality of Trumpland , as though we were caught in the maze of his old board game , " Trump : The Game , " with no exit in sight . It ’s a Darwinian ,       world where greed is good , insults are the lingua franca , and winning is everything ( or , in tangled Trumpian syntax , " It ’s not whether you win or lose , but whether you win ! ") . To read a stack of new and reissued books about Mr. Trump , as well as a bunch of Mr. Trump own works , is to be plunged into a kind of Bizarro World version of Dante ’s " Inferno , " where arrogance , acquisitiveness and the sowing of discord are not sins , but attributes of leadership a place where lies , contradictions and outrageous remarks spring up in such thickets that the sort of moral exhaustion associated with bad soap operas quickly threatens to ensue . That the subject of these books is not a fictional character but the Republican nominee for president can only remind the reader of Philip Roth ’s observation , made more than 50 years ago , that American reality is so stupefying , " so weird and astonishing , " that it poses an embarrassment to the novelist ’s " meager imagination . " Books about Mr. Trump tend to fall into two categories . There are funny ones that focus on Mr. Trump of the 1980s and ’90s   —    a cartoony avatar of greed and wretched excess and what Garry Trudeau ( " Yuge ! 30 Years of Doonesbury on Trump " Mr. Trump calls " big , honking hubris . " And there are serious biographies that try to shed light on Mr. Trump Mr. Trump complex , highly opaque business dealings as a real estate magnate , which are vital to understanding the judgment ,    abilities and financial entanglements he would bring to    Oval Office . Because of Mr. Trump ’s lack Mr. Trump surrounding his business interests ( he Mr. Trump even declined to Mr. Trump his tax returns ) and Mr. Trump of his loose handling of facts Mr. Trump love of hyperbole , serious books are obligated to spend a lot of time sifting through business and court documents . ( USA Today recently reported that there are " about 3 , 500 legal actions involving Trump , including 1 , 900 where he or his companies were a plaintiff he about 1 , 300 in which he was the defendant . he And they must also    his assertions ( PolitiFact rates he percent of his statements False , and he percent " Pants on Fire " Lies ) . Perhaps because they were written rapidly as Mr. Trump ’s presidential candidacy gained traction , the latest of these books rarely step back to analyze in detail the larger implications and repercussions of the Trump phenomenon . Nor do they really map the landscape these books which he has risen to popularity and is himself reshaping through his carelessness he facts , he remarks and disregard for political rules . For that matter , these books shed little new these books controversial stands taken by Mr. Trump which , many legal scholars and historians note , threaten constitutional guarantees and American democratic traditions . Those include his call for " a total he complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States " and the " extreme vetting " of immigrants his talk of revising libel laws he make it easier to sue news organizations over critical coverage an    attack on a federal judge that raises questions about his commitment to an independent judiciary he his incendiary use of nativist and he language that is fueling racial tensions and helping to mainstream    views on race . Some of these books touch fleetingly on Mr. Trump ’s use of inflammatory language and emotional appeal to feelings of fear and anger , but they do not delve deeply into Some of these books consequences of his nativist rhetoric or his contempt Mr. Trump’s the rules of Mr. Trump’s discourse . They do , however , provide Some of these books sense of history , reminding us that while Mr. Trump ’s Some of these books for attention Mr. Trump’s of controversy as an instrument of publicity have remained the same over the years , the surreal switch of venues   —    from the New York tabloid universe and the world of reality TV to the    arena of national and global politics   —    has turned formerly "   stakes , " as one writer put it , into something profoundly more troubling . From    insults aimed at fellow celebrities , Mr. Trump now denigrates whole racial and religious groups and questions the legitimacy of the electoral system . A "   buffoon " in Manhattan in the waning decades of the 20th century   —    as the editor of The New Yorker , David Remnick , terms the businessman in a foreword to Mark Singer ’s book " Trump and Me "   —    has metamorphosed into a political candidate whom 50 senior Republican national security officials recently said " would be the most reckless president in American history , " putting " at risk our country ’s national security and well being . " Two new books provide useful , vigorously reported overviews of Mr. Trump ’s life and career . " Trump Revealed , " by Michael Kranish Mr. Trump’s Marc Fisher of The Washington Post , draws heavily on work by reporters of The Post and more than 20 hours The Washington Post with the candidate . Much of its material will be familiar to readers   —    thanks to newspaper articles and Michael D’Antonio ’s 2015 biography ( " Never Enough : Donald Trump and the Pursuit of Success " )   —    but " Trump Revealed " deftly charts his    building of his gaudy brand and Trump masterful manipulation of Trump media . It Trump a succinct account of Mr. Trump ’s the media , when he says he Trump , giving him a black Trump . Trump also recounts his apprenticeship to a teacher demanding father , who the media him he Trump to become a " killer " in anything Trump Trump , and how he learned the art of the Trump from Roy Cohn , Trump McCarthy ’s former    man , whom Mr. Trump hired to countersue the federal government after the Justice Department brought a case against the Trump family firm in 1973 for violating the Fair Housing Donald Trump Making of Donald Trump " by David Cay Johnston   —    a former reporter for The New York Times who has written extensively about Mr. Trump   —    zeros in on Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump arguing that while he presents himself as Mr. Trump Midas , " much " of what he Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump often turned " to dross . " Mr. Johnston , who Mr. Trump followed the real estate impresario for nearly three decades , offers a searing indictment of his business practices and creative accounting . He examines Mr. Trump ’s taste for debt Mr. Trump what associates have described as his Mr. Trump capacity Mr. Trump multiple corporate bankruptcies , dealings with reputed mobsters and accusations of Mr. Trump . The portrait of Mr. Trump that emerges from these books , old or new , serious or satirical , is Mr. Trump : a    narcissist , almost comically    a " hyperbole addict who prevaricates for fun and profit , " as Mr. Singer wrote in The New Yorker in 1997 . Mr. Singer also describes Mr. Trump as an " insatiable publicity hound who courts the press on a daily basis and Mr. Singer does n’t like what he reads , attacks the messengers as ‘ human garbage,’ " " a fellow both slippery and naïve Mr. Singer artfully calculating and recklessly Mr. Singer of consequences . " At the same time , Mr. Singer and other writers discern an emptiness underneath the    armor . In " Trump and Me , " Mr. Singer describes his subject as a man " who had aspired to and achieved the ultimate luxury , an existence unmolested by the rumbling of Mr. Singer soul . " Mr. Kranish and Mr. Fisher likewise suggest that Mr. Trump " had walled off " any pain he experienced growing up and " hid it behind a    show about himself . " When they ask him about friends , Mr. Trump write , he gives them   —    off the record   Mr. Trump    the names Mr. Kranish and Mr. Fisher three Mr. Trump " he had Mr. Kranish and Mr. Fisher business dealings Mr. Trump two Mr. Kranish and Mr. Fisher more decades before , men he had only rarely seen in recent years . " Mr. Trump Trump likes to boast about going it alone   —    an Mr. Trump that helps explain the rapid turnover among advisers in his campaign , and that has raised serious concerns among national security experts and foreign policy observers , who note that his extreme Mr. Trump and certainty ( " I ’m speaking with myself , number one , because I have a very good brain Mr. Trump ) come coupled with a startling ignorance about global affairs Mr. Trump an impatience with policy and details . Passages in his books help illuminate Mr. Trump ’s admiration for the strongman style of autocratic leaders like Russia ’s Vladimir V. Putin , and Mr. Trump " I alone can fix it " moment during his Republican convention speech . In his 2004 book Mr. Trump " Think Like a Billionaire , " Mr. Trump wrote : Mr. Trump You must plan and execute Mr. Trump plan alone . " He also advised : " Have a short attention span Mr. Trump adding " quite often , I ’ll be talking Mr. Trump someone and I ’ll know what they ’re going to say before they say it . After the first three words are out of their mouth , I can tell what the next 40 are going to be they so I try to pick up the pace and move it they . You can get more done faster that way . " In many respects , Mr. Trump ’s own quotes Mr. Trump provide the most the pace and alarming picture of his values , modus operandi and Mr. Trump dark outlook focused on revenge . " Be paranoid , " he advises in one book . Mr. Trump in another : " When somebody screws you , screw them back in spades . " The grim , dystopian view of America , articulated in Mr. Trump ’s Republican convention speech , is previewed in his 2015 book , " Crippled America " ( republished with the Mr. Trump " Great Again : How to Fix Our Crippled Mr. Trump " ) in which he contends that " everyone is eating " America ’s lunch . And a similarly nihilistic vision surfaces in other remarks he ’s made Mr. Trump the years : " I always get even " " For the America part , you ca n’t respect people Mr. Trump most people are n’t worthy of respect " and : " The world is a horrible place . Lions kill for food , but people kill for sport . " Once upon a time , such remarks made Mr. Trump perfect fodder for comedians . Though some writers noted that he was already a caricature of a caricature   —    difficult to parody or satirize   Mr. Trump Mr. Trudeau recalled that he provided cartoonists with " an embarrassment Mr. Trudeau follies . " And the businessman , who seems to live by the conviction that any publicity is good publicity , apparently Mr. Trudeau this celebrity , writing : " My cartoon is real . I am the creator of my own comic book . " In a 1990 cartoon , Doonesbury characters argued over what they disliked more about Mr. Trump : " the boasting , the piggish consumption " or " the hideous décor of his casinos . " Sadly , the stakes today Doonesbury characters infinitely so much Mr. Trump Follow Michiko Kakutani on Twitter : @michikokakutani 
 Mr. Trump 