  ( CNN ) Ten people were injured Sunday after violence broke out between a white supremacist group and    said authorities in Sacramento , California . Two of the injured had critical stab wounds , Sacramento Fire Department spokesman Chris Harvey said .   The nine men and one woman were between 19 and 58 , Sacramento Fire Department said in a tweet , and all had multiple stab and laceration wounds . One of the injured refused to go to the hospital , Harvey said . Sacramento Fire Department spokesman Chris Harvey was not clear how many remained hospitalized Sunday night . The Traditionalist Worker Party , or TWP , whose leader describes it as a " white nationalist " group , had a permit for a noon rally near the state Capitol , said Officer George Granada , California Highway Patrol public information officer with the Capitol Protection Division . Another group showed up " to stop them from carrying Officer George Granada, California Highway Patrol public information officer with the Capitol Protection Division their permit , Officer George Granada, California Highway Patrol public information officer with the Capitol Protection Division he said . whose leader They ( ) Officer George Granada, California Highway Patrol public information officer with the Capitol Protection Division up ahead of time in a large group , probably 300 or more , " Granada said . " They were positioned Officer George Granada, California Highway Patrol public information officer with the Capitol Protection Division the Capitol to the state Capitol ( TWP demonstrators Officer George Granada, California Highway Patrol public information officer with the Capitol Protection Division from carrying on their permit . " Officer George Granada, California Highway Patrol public information officer with the Capitol Protection Division 11:45 a. m. PT , TWP members and supporters came out to a location south of the Capitol building , he said . It Around 11:45 a. m. PT unclear how many TWP members participated , but they were clearly outnumbered TWP members " At that point the word spread pretty quick and a mob ran in that direction and they clashed immediately with a mob other , " he said . Video Around 11:45 a. m. PT people running and being pursued by others with sticks . Some of the people hid their faces with scarves Some of the people masks .   The victims had stab Some of the people required critical medical care , said Sacramento Police Department Officer Matt McPhail .   Their conditions were not immediately Some of the people but it ’s believed the injuries were not   . Other people had scrapes and bruises that did n’t require hospitalization . It was unclear which groups the injured were associated with , McPhail said .   Yvette Sacramento Police Department Officer Matt McPhail , who said she was a member of the group By Any Means Necessary , told CNN she came out to let she know that racist and    viewpoints would not be tolerated .   " They ’re not welcome , racist and   viewpoints she said of the TWP she . " If they trip and fall in racist and   viewpoints process , good . We succeeded in shutting them down . "   racist and   viewpoints Heimbach , leader of the Traditionalist Worker Party , was not at the rally but told CNN the TWP rally members armed CNN with knives , with blades TWP members the California legal limit . He said they ’d been threatened on social TWP members armed themselves with knives, with blades within the California legal limit forums . An affiliate group , the Golden State Skinheads , joined them for the rally , he TWP members armed themselves with knives, with blades within the California legal limit . the TWP rally was charged He a group TWP itself as    he said . " The TWP used knives He bottles , bricks , and chunks of concrete they broke off a construction site . When TWP members armed themselves with knives, with blades within the California legal limit attacked , our men defended themselves to TWP members armed themselves with knives, with blades within the California legal limit able to TWP members armed themselves with knives, with blades within the California legal limit attackers off TWP members armed themselves with knives, with blades within the California legal limit " he said . Heimbach said two " comrades " He hurt     one stabbed and the other hit in the face with a bottle . The TWP called off its rally and a group of    remained on The TWP scene for about an hour , McPhail said . So far , nobody has been arrested , authorities said .   McPhail said a loaded firearm was found on the McPhail where the brawl occurred , but police did not yet know who it belonged to , why it had been brought a loaded firearm the scene or whether a loaded firearm it was a lost the scene weapon . The type a loaded firearm firearm found was not disclosed . According to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors hate groups , the party was founded in January 2015 as part of a    extremist " umbrella group that aims to indoctrinate high school and college students into white nationalism . " The clashes Sunday at the state Capitol apparently were not unexpected by the TWP organizers of the rally . A website promoting the gathering in advance said : " The upcoming rally this weekend on the 26th promises to be one to remember , due to the fact many stand to stop us yet we refuse to yield ! " Under the party ’s us , " many Nationalists will unite and take a stand . .. Although , our enemies have already openly planned to gather and use us against us , as always we will stand our ground . us Heimbach appeared on us news reports us a March 1 Donald Trump rally in Louisville , Kentucky , at which    demonstrators were harassed .   A federal lawsuit filed against Trump , Heimbach and others alleges Heimbach shoved a woman protester and shouted " leftist scum Heimbach at her .   Trump and others have filed a motion a woman protester dismiss the Trump, Heimbach and others plaintiffs have until Monday to file A federal lawsuit filed against Trump, Heimbach and others to that motion . Trump, Heimbach and others marched around before the clash , with a leader a motion to dismiss the lawsuit When the Nazis and skinheads come to town , what do we do ? " and the rest of the group answering , " Shut them down ! " Felarca complained that the TWP was allowed to protest at all the Nazis and skinheads " They never should have gotten a permit to begin with , " she said . the TWP was allowed to protest at all The police were out here protecting them . One of our Felarca chants is , ’Cops and Klan go hand in The police because we know the police are out there to back them up . " Art Roderick our a CNN law enforcement analyst , said it ’Cops and Klan common for opposing Roderick enforcement usually keeps them separate . It appears the Roderick simply overwhelmed the TWP , he said . " They ( the   ) were groups for one Roderick and that was to use violence to break the other group up , " Roderick said . " It looks like anywhere from 100 to 200 of them showed up against 30 of the other . " 
 the other group 