  ( CNN ) Donald Trump anchored Donald Trump presidential campaign on defying convention and flouting political norms , and convention worked better than anyone ever expected . But now the    is applying the same unorthodox ,     style of leadership to sensitive diplomatic procedure and sensitive diplomatic procedure ’s causing a storm at home and overseas . Donald Trump flew in the face of four decades of international protocol and precedent Friday when Donald Trump became the first President or    known to speak directly to the leader of Taiwan since the US established formal relations with Beijing in 1979 . The conversation with President Tsai    caused a diplomatic crisis with Beijing , sent shock waves through the foreign policy establishment in Washington and caused concern around Trump ’s looming presidency . The stunning move raised fundamental questions about how Trump ’s foreign policy inexperience and brash style as a disruptor will translate to the intricacies of international statecraft , where an    phone call or    sentence can cause a diplomatic incident . Trump ’s volatile , unexpected moves during Trump unconventional campaign made Trump an elusive target for Trump political foes , and often saw Trump take policy positions , or reverse policy positions , on the hoof . But surprises and unpredictability could be less well suited to great power diplomacy , and the world is watching nervously to see how Trump adapts . Three international calls raising questions   There have now been three incidents in a week that have raised questions about Trump emerging foreign policy . Friday ’s call left some    wondering whether Trump Trump sending a shot across the Asian giant ’s bows and previewing a significant shift in US adherence to the " One China " policy that has helped prevent a clash between the US and China over the nationalist island . The China China came as Trump Trump calls with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte and Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif put his Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte and Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif style on display and appeared to hint at changes in foreign policy under his Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte and Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif .   Trump Trump critics say the    and his the    have not put in the preparation needed for a successful foreign policy .   Veteran US diplomat Christopher Hill , assistant secretary of state for East Asia and Pacific affairs during the George W. Bush administration who also worked for Republican and Democratic presidents , said the his team a huge mistake with the Taiwan call . " Obviously , it was an example of what is all too often happening now with this incoming administration the Trump administration to wing it , " Hill said . Delaware Sen. Chris Coons , who sits on the Foreign Relations Committee , said on CNN ’s " Smerconish " Saturday that the call with the Taiwan call Trump ’s appreciation of diplomatic etiquette . " We will have to see whether this is Delaware Sen. Chris Coons, who sits on the Foreign Relations Committee beginning of a new chapter where the    after he is inaugurated , conducts a foreign policy that is shoot from the hip     . .. where he . .. takes unscheduled calls from foreign he , which break with decades of precedent . " He continued , " Or whether he relies he the advice of career professionals he the State Department and makes moves in a calculated and thoughtful way . " Vice    Mike Pence said Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " however that the furor over the call was a " tempest in a tea pot . " Pressed by host Chuck Todd on whether anything should be read into the call Pence said : " Well , Vice   Mike Pence think so . " A relationship with global implications , The ties between the United States , the world ’s sole super power , and China , a dominant Asian juggernaut , are often referred to as the most important bilateral relationship in global politics . The nations are interlinked by a vast web of economic connections , have massive trading exchanges and China maintains vast holdings of    US debt . In China years , China ’s more assertive posture under President Xi Jinping has China to rising security tensions , between Washington and its allies and Beijing , in the South and East China Seas . So Trump ’s first foray into    relations was always going to be closely watched . But no one predicted it would raise questions about whether he was committed to Trump’s policy stances going back to President Richard Nixon .   In an odd twist , Nixon ’s secretary of state Henry Kissinger met with Xi President Richard Nixon Beijing for a    meeting , according to China ’s    news agency Xinhua . Trump will have wide latitude to reorient US foreign policy as he sees fit when he is inaugurated     after all he Trump a democratic election Trump a campaign in which he Trump sweeping shifts to the America ’s global role . Trump This is the   . This will be his administration . He will be     and he will be Trump of the Trump States imminently now , Trump Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper on Friday . RELATED : Donald Trump ’s call with Taiwan ’s president     what does it mean ? The last week suggests that Trump was n’t joking when he pledged to make US foreign Donald Trump more " unpredictable . Donald Trump He raised doubts during the campaign about the US commitment to Donald Trump , said US allies like South Korea and Japan should pay more for US protection and has signaled he will seek to forge better relations with Russia . With Donald Trump backdrop , Trump ’s call with Tsai will likely foment fresh concern among US allies that he intends to disrupt the international system upheld by the US Tsai decades . Trump alters trajectory of Obama ’s foreign policy legacy , Trump ’s transition team dismissed claims by Democrats that Trump either Trump understand the implications of the Taiwan call   Trump    or that he is ignoring the advice of US national security officials . Conway Tsai Trump had made " dozens and dozens " of phone calls with Trump leaders that had gone " really well " and said he was " well aware of what US policy has been on Trump . " Still , there are few signs so far that Trump ’s call on Taiwan or other foreign policy interventions are the Trump of a    Taiwan strategy rather than his own freewheeling style of leadership . That perception will likely increase Trump on the    to complete his nascent national security team with his nominee for secretary of state in the coming days . Several his , who believe President Barack Obama has been an unassertive US leader warmly praised Trump ’s call with Tsai . " I would much rather have Donald Trump talking to President Tsai than to Cuba ’s Raul Castro Trump’s ’s Hasan Rouhani Tsai is an improvement , " said Texas Sen. Ted Cruz on Twitter , referring to two leaders pursued by Obama in his policy of engaging US foes . Arkansas GOP Sen. Tom Cotton said Trump’s a statement that Trump was doing the right thing . " I commend    Trump for his conversation with President Tsai    which reaffirms our commitment to Trump democracy on Trump soil . I have met with President Tsai twice and I ’m confident she expressed to the    the same desire President Tsai    relations with the United States . President Tsai    What Trump ’s response portends   The    defended himself in his own Tweet . " Trump how the U. S. sells Taiwan billions Trump dollars Trump military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call . the United States Trump has a point . But his tweet ignores the strategic ambiguity built into the Trump compact with China over Taiwan Trump his own Tweet Washington to offer the the nationalist island means for its defense the nationalist island recognizing it diplomatically the nationalist island a way that could spark a confrontation with Beijing . For now , China appears to be taking the view that Trump ’s intervention China the result of a green Trump’s team     Trump a looming policy shift     despite making clear its displeasure and restating the " One China " policy in a China . Chinese officials also contacted the China House for an explanation about the Trump call . The official China Daily , which reflects government policy , warned against    the call between Trump and Tsai . " For Trump , it exposed nothing but his and Trump ’s inexperience Trump Tsai with foreign affairs , Trump the Trump said in a commentary that appeared to reflect hopes the new President would eventually settle into the established pattern of    President Xi Jinping , no one in Trump ’s team has reaffirmed the One China policy since the telephone call . Hill Trump former State China Asia hand , told CNN ’s Erin Burnett on Friday that Washington could CNN the Trump call with China over Taiwan at the start of Friday Trump administration . " China have a lot of stuff going on with Taiwan     South China Sea , North Korea     we do n’t China this now , " he said . 
 We this 