Monday on his radio show , conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh criticized Republican presidential    Donald Trump for how his has chosen to attack his opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) .   Limbaugh called Trump ’s a " strategic error , " but explained that the conflict between the two was inevitable . " I sit back and I watch all of this play out , " Limbaugh said . " We ’re watching a couple of really qualified professionals in the communications game go at the communications game .   And , as is in the past , I do not even consider inserting Limbaugh in the middle of the communications game , other than to tell you things I ’m telling you here on the air . And I will tell you , like I ’ve said before , that I think Trump is making a strategic error in the way Trump criticizes Cruz .   But , folks , it ’s unrealistic to expect that folks ’re not gon na go after each other .   folks ’re number one and two .   Iowa and New Hampshire are at stake . This is politics . " " There ’s only one winner , " Trump continued . " The two of Iowa and New Hampshire ca n’t win this together in some sort of a bromance and come out as a united couple after either one of these primaries or after the whole process .   It ’s not how It works .   Iowa and New Hampshire ’re both gon na try to take each other out and Iowa and New Hampshire ’re both gon na have Iowa and New Hampshire own strategies for doing so .   Now , Trump I think is   …      You know , Trump knows Trump coalition .   Trump knows who Trump base is .   his base is made of many people , more than just conservatives . " " I ’m gon na say ‘ audience,’ here , but I mean Trump support base , the people who intend to vote for Trump .   There ’s a lot of conservatives , disaffected and angry with the Republican Party .   And there are a lot of conservatives that support Trump who do n’t like Ted Cruz .   I ca n’t explain it , but I hear it all over the place .   I hear all kinds of love , respect , and admiration for Cruz Ted Cruz   And I hear people at the same time who do n’t like him   whatever reason they people up . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 