Seoul ( CNN ) North Korea launched a ballistic missile from the northwestern part of North Korea early Sunday , the South Korean Joints Chief of Staff said . This is the first provocative move from North North Korea South Korean South Korean    took office last week . Moon has advocated South Korean President Moon    with North Korea North Korea . The US calculated that the missile landed in water 60 miles south of Russia ’s Vladivostok region , a US official told CNN . Vladivostok is home to Vladivostok Russian Pacific Fleet . Moon said the missile South Korean President Moon    violates UN Security Council resolutions and called it a severe challenge the missile test the peace and security of the Korean Peninsula and the world , presidential spokesman Yoon    said .    South Korea needs to show the North that even though talks are possible , it will only be possible if North Korea changes its attitude , the North Korea told staff at the meeting . He said South Korea the President respond South Korea . The direction of the missile , so close to Russia , was likely an attempt by North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to send a message to both Moscow and Beijing , said Carl Schuster , a Hawaii Pacific University professor and former director of operations at the US Pacific Command ’s Joint Intelligence Center . " It tells Russia , ’I can touch Russia too,’ " Schuster said . " It tells China , ’I It n’t care what you think , I ’m independent,’ " he said . China remains independent,’ of North China ’s only allies and is responsible for much of the    nation ’s economy .   On Sunday , Chinese leader Xi Jinping launched a major trade and infrastructure summit with multiple world leaders in Beijing . Russian President Vladimir Putin as well as a North Korean delegation attended the conference . " The timing is not coincidental , " Schuster said , adding that Kim may be trying to get Putin more involved on the Russian President Vladimir Putin as well on the Korean Peninsula . " It ’s his way of telling the Kim , ’You need to speak up,’ " and stop    international sanctions on North Korea , Schuster said . The United Schuster called for repercussions from the international community . " With the missile impacting so close to Russian soil     in fact , closer to Russia than to Japan     the President can not imagine that Russia is pleased , " Russia statement said . " Let this latest provocation serve as a call for all nations to implement far stronger sanctions against North Korea , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in a statement . China after the test called for restraint by all parties . " The current situation on the Korean Peninsula is complex and sensitive . All sides should exercise restraint and refrain from taking actions that would further escalate tensions in the region , " a statement from China ’s Foreign Ministry . China Xi discussed the situation at the summit in Beijing , according to Russia ’s state news agency , Tass . " Concern was expressed about the escalation of tension , including in connection with the launch ( of the missile of the DPRK ) , " Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov is quoted as saying .    flight , The missile , launched near the city of Kusong , flew 700 kilometers ( 435 miles ) the South Korean military said . A US defense official confirmed that it flew that far , but said the US was still investigating to determine the type of missile . " At this point , we see nothing consistent with an ( intercontinental ballistic missile ) launch , " a second defense official told CNN . David Wright ,    of the Union of Concerned Scientists , said North Korea may have shown off a missile with a " considerably longer range than its current missiles " with Sunday North Korea test . Writing on his organization ’s blog , Wright Wright out that the Japan ’s Ministry of Defense had the latest launch reaching an altitude of 2 , 000 kilometers ( 1 , 242 miles ) considerably higher than would be needed for the distance the missile traveled during what was reported as a    flight time . If the missile did reach that height the missile that long , it could reach the US territory of the missile in the Pacific , Wright wrote . Condemnation from Japan , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe condemned the launch in a quick doorstep interview with reporters .   " Despite strong warning from the international community , North Korea launched a ballistic missile again , " Abe said . " This is totally Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and we strongly protest it . North Korea ’s missile launch This a North Korea Japan and clearly violate against the UN Japan . " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasuhide Suga said the government did n’t initiate a " J alert , " a nationwide alert system for missile launches . He added that the missile did n’t come down Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasuhide Suga Japan ’s a ballistic missile zone , waters Japan kilometers ( 200 miles ) of the coast for which it has jurisdiction over resources . Prior launches Japan The projectile launch comes two weeks after a ballistic missile test that South Korean and US officials said failed . That missile , launched April 29 , blew up over land in North Korean territory , according to a spokesman for the US Pacific Command . North Korea has previously attempted at least nine missile launches on six occasions since US President Donald Trump was inaugurated in January .   Though tensions between the United States and North Korea have been higher than usual over the past few North Korea a senior North Korean diplomat told South Korea ’s Yonhap news agency Trump to talks with Washington " under the right conditions . " Earlier this month Trump said he would be willing to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong Un " under the right circumstances Trump North Korean sitting US president has ever met with the leader of North Korea while in power , and the idea is extremely controversial . " North Korea has been a flagrant menace for far too long .   South Korea and Japan have North Korea this situation closely with us , " Spicer ’s statement said . North Korea ’s regime has sought to advance its nuclear and ballistic missile programs . The Trump administration has made a show of force in the region to Kim’s regime those programs’ development . National security adviser H. R. McMaster briefed the President by phone about the latest missile launch , a senior White House official said . 
 Kim’s 