  ( CNN ) Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has been quietly having conversations with state party leaders to discuss the latest push by convention delegates to nominate anyone other than Donald Trump .   Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has spoken with GOP party chairmen in multiple states in recent days in part to get a better sense of how large the    faction is among the   faction convention delegations , according to two people familiar with the conversations . While Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has made clear in these conversations that Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus is not spearheading the latest push for a coup , Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus involvement sends a signal that the RNC is taking this effort to dump Trump seriously even as other movements have fizzled . One source said Priebus’ ultimate goal is unclear . But some    forces are hoping to garner enough support to press the convention ’s rules committee to alter the rules governing the convention and open a path for a different candidate . Sean Spicer disputed the notion that Priebus was actively reaching out to party chairmen .   " This is not an accurate understanding of what ’s happening , " Spicer said . " Lots of people have conversations and ask questions of the chairman . " The conversations between Priebus and state leaders come as frustration and mistrust continues to Priebus between the RNC and the Trump campaign , according to people familiar with the situation .   On Thursday , Priebus , who traveled with Trump to Texas , fired off a tweet aiming to calm Trump chatter , saying , " Reports of discord are pure fiction . " Priebus and the Trump campaign have previously been at odds over the money the Trump campaign their joint fundraising committee , with Priebus phoning RNC associates to express frustration Priebus and the Trump campaign how Trump wants to spend Priebus cash . 
 Trump 