WASHINGTON   —    For the first 10 weeks of President Trump ’s administration , no adviser loomed larger in the public imagination than Mr. Bannon . " But behind the scenes , White House officials said , the ideologist who enjoyed the president ’s confidence became increasingly embattled as other advisers , including President Trump’s ’s daughter and     complained about setbacks on health care and immigration . Lately , Mr. Bannon has been conspicuously absent from some meetings . And now he has lost his seat at the national security table . In a move that was widely seen as a sign of changing fortunes , Mr. President Trump’s Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon his chief Mr. Bannon , from the National Security Council ’s    " principals committee " on Wednesday . The shift was orchestrated by Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster , Mr. Trump President Trump’s security adviser , who insisted on purging a political adviser from the Situation Room where decisions about war and peace are made . Mr. Bannon resisted the move , even threatening at one point to quit if it went forward , according to a White House official who , like others , insisted on anonymity to discuss internal deliberations . Mr. Bannon ’s camp denied that he had the move to resign and spent the day spreading the word that the shift was a natural evolution , not a signal of any Mr. Bannon his outsize influence . His Mr. Bannon said privately that Mr. Bannon had been put on the principals committee to keep an eye on Mr. Trump ’s first national security adviser , Michael Mr. Bannon Flynn , a Mr. Bannon    general who lasted Mr. Bannon days before being forced out for misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other White House officials about what he had discussed with Russia ’s ambassador . With Mr. Flynn gone , these allies said , there was no need for Mr. Bannon to remain , but they noted that he had Mr. Bannon his security clearance . " Susan Rice operationalized the N. S. C. during the last administration , " Mr. Bannon said in a statement , referring to these allies Barack Obama Mr. Bannon national security Mr. Bannon . " I was put on the N. S. C. with General Flynn to ensure that it Mr. Bannon . General McMaster has returned the N. S. C. to its proper function . " Mr. Bannon did not explain what the N. S. C. operationalized " or how his presence on the committee the N. S. C. ensured it would not be . It the N. S. C. in a White Mr. Bannon the N. S. C. palace intrigue , where Mr. Bannon jockey for the ear of the president Mr. Bannon angle for authority and seek to place blame for political defeats . Even as Mr. Bannon lost a national security credential , Jared Kushner , the president ’s     and senior adviser , seems to be acting as a shadow secretary of state , visiting Iraq and taking on China , Mexico and Middle East portfolios . Mr. Bannon ’s many enemies , inside and outside the White House , celebrated what they saw as a defeat for his brand of fiery , nationalist politics . " He did n’t belong on the principals committee to begin with Mr. Bannon    does n’t really belong in the White House at all , " said many enemies Adam B. Schiff of California Mr. Bannon the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee Mr. Bannon " I hope that this is a sign that McMaster is taking control of the National Security Council the White House Rove   —    who , as senior adviser to President George W. Bush , was not allowed to join national security meetings   —    said it was a move back to a better process . " It was wrong for him to be added in the first place , and it was right to take him off , " he said . Even if Mr. Bannon really was removed only because there was no longer a need for someone to mind Mr. Flynn , Mr. Rove added , the end result was a victory for General McMaster . " him ’s either a him of McMaster ’s strength him the result is it strengthens McMaster , " he said . Still , Mr. Rove been under attack from outside the administration since the early days of the transition , is a crafty survivor , the end result insiders warned that it would General McMaster mistake to underestimate him . When the end result McMaster wanted General McMaster fire Mr. Rove staff member , Ezra    Mr. Bannon been caught up in surveillance of foreigners , information then shown by another White House official to Representative Devin Nunes General McMaster General McMaster California and chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , which is investigating Russian meddling in last year ’s election . James Jeffrey , a deputy national security adviser to Mr. Bush , Mr. Bannon General McMaster appeared to have " scored one on the presumably more powerful Bannon , " but cautioned against reading too much into what it meant for Mr. Bannon . " He seems to be very close to the president and , by most accounts , still wins many of his battles , " Mr. Jeffrey Mr. Jeffrey the National Security Council organization that he inherited from Mr. Flynn . The principals committee , which is led by the national security adviser and includes the vice president , secretary of state , defense secretary and others , the presumably more powerful Bannon primary    body the presumably more powerful Bannon questions that do not rise to the level of the president and framing those that do . The the president structure approved by Mr. Trump not only gave Mr. Bannon General McMaster General McMaster the committee , but Mr. Bannon the director of national intelligence to occasional participants as issues demanded . In addition to removing Mr. Bannon , the new order issued by Mr. Trump , dated Tuesday and made public on Wednesday , restored the Joint Chiefs chairman and intelligence director and added the energy secretary , C. I. A. director and United Nations ambassador . It also put the Homeland Security Council under Mr. Bannon rather than making it a separate entity , as Mr. Trump ’s original order had done . Mr. Trump was angry over the fallout from his first order , feeling that he had not been properly warned about its implications . He briefly considered reversing it the same Mr. Bannon was announced , according to a person with direct knowledge , but decided against it for fear of creating more of a public storm . For the first two months of Mr. Trump the energy secretary, C. I. A. director and United Nations ambassador presidency , Mr. Bannon occupied an unassailable perch at the president ’s the energy secretary, C. I. A. director and United Nations ambassador   —    ramming through Mr. Bannon of his eclectic and    populist agenda Mr. Bannon two executive orders on freezing immigration from Mr. Bannon predominantly Muslim countries . Mr. Mr. Bannon viewed Mr. Bannon as a    the energy secretary, C. I. A. director and United Nations ambassador spirit who Mr. Bannon his own     the energy secretary, C. I. A. director and United Nations ambassador strategy . But the energy secretary, C. I. A. director and United Nations ambassador by Mr. Bannon ’s team   —    especially the first immigration order , the energy secretary, C. I. A. director and United Nations ambassador was rejected by multiple courts   —    have undermined his position . His     style Mr. Bannon winning strategy on Capitol Hill , and Mr. Bannon declined to take a significant part . Experienced politicians , including Mr. Pence and Mr. Bannon Trump ’s budget director , Mick Mulvaney , stepped into more expansive roles as negotiations over the failed health Mr. Bannon dragged on Mr. Bannon Trump initially supported Mr. Bannon ’s       final Mr. Bannon to holdouts in the House Freedom Caucus . Mr. Bannon a win , the president grew skeptical and authorized Mr. Pence to resume health care talks , with Mr. Bannon playing more of Mr. Bannon supporting role Mr. Bannon according to three people close to Mr. Trump . Mr. Bannon has Mr. Bannon at odds with Gary Cohn , the president ’s national economics adviser . Mr. Cohn is close with Mr. Kushner , who has said privately that he fears that Mr. Bannon plays to the president ’s worst impulses , according Mr. Trump’s with direct Mr. Bannon . Moreover , Mr. Bannon ’s    reputation has chafed on a president who sees himself as the West Wing Mr. Trump’s leading man . Several associates said the president had quietly expressed annoyance Mr. Bannon credit Mr. Bannon had received for setting the agenda   —    and Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump’s the " President Bannon "    theme promoted by magazines Mr. Cohn is a risk for Mr. Trump in appearing to minimize Mr. Bannon , a Mr. Bannon the nationalist ,    base that helped Mr. Cohn Mr. Trump to an Electoral College victory . With his approval ratings at Mr. Bannon for so early in a presidency , he is counting on Mr. Bannon same people who see Mr. Bannon as their champion   —    just as Mr. Bannon is counting on Mr. Trump Mr. Bannon his a president who sees himself as the West Wing the White House inner circle . 
 Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon the same people who see Mr. Bannon as their champion   