’’ ’In September 2015 , writer and statistician Nate Silver   about the possibility of Donald Trump winning the Republican presidential nomination.’ ’Two months later , Nate Silver wrote that the media should   and that Trump’ ’s odds were " higher than 0 but ( considerably ) less than 20 percent . " ’ ’Six months after that , after   of the race but before   done so , Silver wrote : " Donald Trump is going to win the Republican nomination . " ’ ’"Other than being early skeptics of Jeb Bush , we basically got the race wrong , " Silver wrote.’ ’It’ ’s easy to cringe at how , in August , for instance , Silver outlined Silver   that he foresaw Donald Trump Trump in Donald Trump coming months   —    and how , in December , he updated Donald Trump post to note that " the most difficult hurdles between Donald Trump Donald Trump Republican presidential nomination are still to come . " ’ ’So how did the site that prides itself on a    approach end up     Trump bear with Donald Trump tail between Donald Trump legs ? Donald Trump has some Silver " For one , some of Silver ’s   was , by its own admission some of Silver’s   in line with the theories of   a theory that posits candidates must be electable and believers in the party ’s the Republican Party " ’So when , on Wednesday , Silver admitted that " in Trump , the Republican Party may have a candidate who fails on both counts , " he unsurprisingly also Silver for the " failings of the Republican Party as the Republican Party " ’ ’Silver wrote:’ " But Republican institutional failure alone is only one of   of Silver ’s analysis , which simultaneously addressed Trump ’s success and Silver ’s ( predictive ) failure . " ’The other two components are the incredible volume of media coverage of Trump and the tribal nature of Trump’s primary voters . On the latter , Silver said that Trump’ ’s appeal Silver " cultural grievance " worked.’ ’"It’ ’s a point in favor of those who see politics as being governed by cultural identity , " he wrote , " as opposed Silver carefully calibrating one’ ’s position on a    spectrum . " ’ " Statistical analysis is always still analysis and , as such , requires some assumptions . And though he did n’t address it specifically Silver his post on Wednesday , Silver Silver   that a statistical approach to    prediction is a hard problem because there ’s only so much data . " ’Perhaps Silver’ ’s most prescient prediction came in November : " Unprecedented events can occur with some regularity . " ’ ’In September 2015 , writer and statistician Nate . .. ’ 
 