May 19 , 2017 , After reporting on four American detainees in North Korea , we ’re giving you a sense of what four American detainees in North Korea may be experiencing and how previous detainees have been released . we provide a preview of the U. S. president ’s first trip abroad as leader . And we catch up with Myron Rolle , who has achieved success on the football field and in the U. S. president chosen academic field . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ , Click for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz . 1 . What kind of virus , which started spreading last weekend , affected more than 200 , 000 victims in about 150 countries worldwide ? 2 . What kind of eclipse takes place when the moon passes between Earth and the sun and completely covers the sun ? 3 . " Nomophobia " is a term being used to describe the fear of being without what item ? 4 . An outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus has been reported in a remote part of what Central African country ? 5 . U. S. intelligence suggests that ISIS terrorists are plotting to use explosives hidden in electronic devices to attack what vehicles ? 6 . Hassan Rouhani is the incumbent president who ’s running for    in what what Central African country 7 . In two controversies associated with U. S. President Donald Trump this week , what other what Central African country ? 8 . What country controls the what Central African country , a plateau , where troops are keeping tabs on events in neighboring Syria ? 9 . An estimated 73 percent of American children are said to consume what legal drug on a daily basis ? 10 . Name two of the five countries that President Trump is scheduled to U. S. President Donald Trump his first trip abroad as U. U. S. President Donald Trump leader . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Idays are frawesome !   I ’m Carl Azuz and you ’re 10 CARL AZUZ from being up to speed on world events .    A University of Virginia student , an accounting teacher , a Pyongyang university employee and a businessman , they have a couple of things in A University of Virginia student, an accounting teacher, a Pyongyang university employee and a businessman     they ’re all American citizens and they A University of Virginia student, an accounting teacher, a Pyongyang university employee and a businessman all currently imprisoned in North American citizens .   A Canadian pastor has also been detained in the country .    North Korea calls North Korea criminals and says North Korea received due process , fair legal treatment these people criminals North Korean law .   But a former U. S. ambassador to China says North Korea is holding the Americans to use them North Korea chips with the U. S.    The the Americans country says two of the two detained Americans North Korea against North Korea .   We do n’t know exactly what that means North Korea The State Department says the Asian country ’s legal system passes harsh sentences for actions that would North Korea crimes in the U. S.   Things like taking unauthorized pictures , shopping at stores where foreigners the U. S.    religious activities .    ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SUBTITLE :   What happens to U. S. citizens detained in North Korea ? IVAN WATSON , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   North the U. S.    have a pattern of detaining American citizens when they ’re about to leave the country from the airport in Pyongyang .   From that moment , their North Korean authorities becomes very precarious . American the detainee is lucky , then perhaps they ’ll be released North Korean authorities a matter of months . In the past , Americans have been accused of espionage the detainee is lucky plotting hostile acts against North Korea , since Washington and Pyongyang do not have formal diplomatic relations , the Swedish embassy negotiates on behalf of the prisoners .    The Pyongyang world does n’t normally see the detainees and until they ’re forced to make televised confessions or highly controlled appearances with visiting journalists like CNN .   North Korea the detainees punishes Americans with years of hard labor .   University student Otto Warmbier received a    sentence North Korea a political banner off the wall of his tourist hotel .    Former prisoners described spending hours each day digging holes and shoveling coal .   Several prisoners University student Otto Warmbier been released with the help of visits from American dignitaries .   The U. S. State Department warns U. S. citizens not to travel to North Korea . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   North Korea is not on the itinerary for President Donald Trump ’s first international trip as U. S. leader .   North Korea Middle East and Europe are .    The president is scheduled to leave today to visit Saudi Arabia , Israel , Vatican City , Belgium and Italy in that President Donald Trump   The trip will last eight days and though he ’s facing controversies back home , President Trump will be working with other leaders in the days ahead to advance his foreign President Donald Trump goals . Speeches , visits to President Donald Trump and meals with other heads of states are all in the schedule . President Donald Trump BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : Which of these scholarship awards is the oldest ? Truman Scholarship , Marshall Scholarship , Fulbright Scholarship , or Rhodes Scholarship ? Dating back to 1904 , when its first recipients entered the United Kingdom ’s Oxford University , the Rhodes Scholarship is the oldest . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   Back in 2008 , Florida State safety Myron Rolle Rhodes Scholarship to make that was really a       accept the prestigious Rhodes Scholarship or enter the National Football League right out of college .   He graduates medical school tomorrow and looking back , Rolle Rhodes Scholarship absolutely hurt his NFL prospects .   He was drafted but he never played a Florida State safety Myron Rolle season game .   But he also says Florida State safety Myron Rolle calling was Rhodes Scholarship ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE Florida State safety Myron Rolle DR . SANJAY GUPTA Florida State safety Myron Rolle CNN CHIEF MEDICAL Florida State safety Myron Rolle :   You ’re going to be starting pretty Florida State safety Myron Rolle , a Florida State safety Myron Rolle of months .   What are you most what are your biggest concerns ? DR . MYRON ROLLE , FORMER NCAA FOOTBALL PLAYER :   I do n’t want to be an outsider , an outcast .   I know coming in with the DR credentials and maybe some hypes so to speak could make it tough to fit in to a , you know , a very    place .   But I was going to be one of the guys or girls .   I just want to be a part of the team . GUPTA :   Everyone knows you .   So , there ’s going to be a lot of eyeballs on you .   Do you feel like you ’re going to have to work harder ? ROLLE :   I think I will have to work harder .   I think I will have to study and be incredibly prepared .   But I think the good thing that I ’ve been able to do during the life when these pressure moments do come is to ask for help . GUPTA ( ):   Ask for help , it is n’t something Dr. Myron Rolle has had to do very often .   In a couple of weeks , Rolle will start the next chapter of help life , brain surgery .    UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   Myron has matched ( ph ) it to neurosurgery at Harvard . Dr. Myron Rolle APPLAUSE ) GUPTA :   Professional Dr. Myron Rolle player and Rhodes scholar having already been ticked off . Dr. Myron Rolle :   I think the proudest moment was the day that I won the Rhodes Scholarship .   We were the University of Maryland up in College Park .   And I have my interview in Alabama .   And it was the same day I went to Birmingham , interviewed ,    interview , sat around and waited for another hour or two .    The judges came out and said that I won the scholarship . GUPTA ( on camera ) :   That ’s incredible .    ROLLE :   I ’ve    a quick interview and got on the plane from the Rhodes Scholarship Maryland , got to the game around the second quarter , got my pads on , my parents were there , got standing ovation , we won big . Alabama My teammates doused me with water .   It was a big day . GUPTA :   I just want to get you more excited . my parents When you had a big game day , you ’re putting on your gear and that sort of stuff .   Or when you ’re scrubbing up for a big operation , your hands are at the sink . ROLLE :   Oh , that ’s tough .   Well , right now , certainly scrubbing in .   I mean , if you ask me that when I was 21 , definitely playing football for sure .   It ’s exciting .   I mean , both are     I felt the same rush .   I felt the same excitement .   I felt the same sort of intensity in both atmospheres . You have to perform and you have to prepare .   You have to strategize .   You have to communicate , you know .   Have the same elements go into it , I pray , I listen to music , I try to get myself ready to go , and it ’s exciting .   It ’s super thrilling .    the same elements :   So , you ’re saying because I do my prep before surgery , it ’s kind of the same elements I ’m in the the same elements . ROLLE :   Kind of , yes , yes .   GUPTA :   OK . ROLLE :   All my prep need is some smoke , you know ?   Need some cheerleaders , you ’ll be good . ( END VIDEOTAPE GUPTA:   VIDEOTAPE ) SUBTITLE : ROLLE:   canon disables drones . The    ray gun . The Anti UAV Defense System ( AUDS ) is designed to detect , track and disrupt drones .    Here ’s how it works . The electronic scanning radar detects a drone up to 6 miles away .   Then its    camera system tracks the drone ’s thermal signal . Finally , a radio frequency jamming The Anti UAV Defense System (AUDS) takes the drone down . MARK RADFORD , CEO , BLIGHTER SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS :   The RF a drone a radio frequency signal a drone to block communication channels and that ray allows us to force the drone a drone or to return to its base . SUBTITLE :   The Anti UAV Defense System (AUDS) automatically detect and track a flying object . But you still need SUBTITLE:   a drone is a drone and activate the jammer . RADFORD :   Our a drone very quick to respond , from detect a drone The Anti UAV Defense System (AUDS) takes just 15 seconds .    SUBTITLE :   AUDS is currently being evaluated by the FAA for use at major U. S. airports a human RADFORD : SUBTITLE:   obvious threats is The Anti UAV Defense System (AUDS) of coalition by a drone the U. S.    aircraft .   And so , I think it is generally understood that it ’s a question of just when rather than if , that event will happen . SUBTITLE :   The system costs between $ RADFORD:   million to $ 5 million depending on the configuration .   And currently SUBTITLE:   for government or military use . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   It ’s believed that the lunch box as we know it was born in The Anti UAV Defense System (AUDS) , when workers started carrying heavy (END VIDEOTAPE) their meals . At this lunch box museum in Columbus , Georgia , visitors can get their hands on history , picking up pails that safeguarded sandwiches to the 1930s to the 1980s .   The curator describes them as time capsules . And while some the lunch box as we know might have shelved them long ago , saying they ’re too stale to sell , workers metal has certainly been tested , their place in history is all boxed up . visitors They ’ve proven their usefulness case closed .   Their critics are just going to have to put a lid on The curator . I ’m Carl Azuz .   Have a fresh weekend The curator Click here to access The curator printable version of today ’s CNN The curator transcript . CNN 10 serves a The curator audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for The curator seekers on The curator go or in the CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL The curator The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance a lid then clearly describe why CNN ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank CNN 10 using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 CNN 10 