Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump and President Barack Obama have been in regular communication , a top Donald Trump aide said Sunday . Asked on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " about who Donald Trump was consulting on Cuba policy , senior adviser Kellyanne Conway replied : " senior adviser Kellyanne Conway ’s even been talking to President Barack Obama . You know , beyond the    they had 30 hours or so after    Donald Trump won the election , they they been talking regularly on any number of issues . They they just yesterday . " Conway senior adviser Kellyanne Conway they they for about 45 minutes Saturday , but declined to say what else they they about . Donald Trump enjoys talking with Obama , despite their disagreements , Donald Trump said . " I can tell you from    Donald Trump ’s side that he Trump’s much enjoys speaking with President Obama talking about the serious issues that face this country and the world , " Donald Trump said . " They get along nicely . They disagree They many things . That ’s not going to change . " The White House has said it will The White House confirm every conversation with the   . " Reports the two have talked after their White They The White House I think , are not particularly surprising , " said White House spokesman The White House last week during a daily press briefing . " But in the same way that I protected the ability of President Obama to consult confidentially with other senior officials , including some former presidents , I ’m not going to read out or confirm every reported meeting or phone call or conversation . " Obama has pledged to President Obama ease Trump ’s transition to the White House , despite their    acrimonious past . Throughout Obama ’s presidency , President Obama persistently sought to Trump the legitimacy of the nation ’s first    presidency by questioning    citizenship and his Trump faith . Trump The President has directed his own barbs at The President , too . Trump At the 2011 White House Correspondents Dinner , with Trump in the audience Trump Trump ’s birtherism , in a Trump that crossed the line between humor and sarcasm into overt personal hostility . He also cast Trump as incompetent and Obama on the Trump trail . 
 