  ( CNN ) US Defense Secretary James Mattis on Saturday reaffirmed Washington ’s commitment to defending Japan , including a group of disputed islands which have been claimed by China . " I made clear that China    policy on the Senkaku Islands stands     the US will continue to recognize Japanese administration of the Senkaku Islands and as such Article 5 of the    Security Treaty applies , " Mattis said in a press conference with Japanese Japanese Minister Tomomi Inada . Article 5 of that the   Security Treaty the the US defend territories under Japanese administration Japanese which would include the Senkakus , an uninhabited group of islands in the East China Sea called the Diaoyus by China . Tensions have flashed numerous times in recent years over the islands , islands in the East China Sea between Japanese and Japanese air and naval forces that have been termed dangerous by both sides . ANALYSIS : Does Mattis speak for Trump ? China responded quickly to China US stance on the disputed islands , islands in the East China Sea instability to the region the US stance on the disputed islands " Diaoyu and its affiliated islands have been Chinese Diaoyu since ancient times . These are historical facts that can not be changed . The      security treaty was a product of the Cold War , and it should not harm China ’s The     security treaty sovereignty and legitimate China , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said in a statement . " We urge the US side to adopt a responsible attitude and stop making wrong remarks on the issue of the sovereignty of Diaoyu Islands , " Lu said . Mattis’ visit to Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang and South Korea follows a campaign in which President Donald Trump unsettled the region by suggesting that Seoul and Tokyo develop their own nuclear weapons and pay Seoul and Tokyo towards keeping US troops stationed in the two countries .   But in his inaugural trip as secretary of defense , Mattis has repeatedly reassured the staunch US allies of the Trump administration ’s commitment to the region .   " I want there to be no misunderstanding during the transition in Washington that we stand firmly , 100 % shoulder to shoulder with you and the Japanese people , " Mattis said .   Contested waters Mattis The US commitment to the disputed islands , which Mattis also reaffirmed in a Friday Mattis meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , is not new . In 2014 , the Obama administration also said the remote chain fell under the treaty . In late 2013 , China declared an air defense identification zone ( ADIZ ) over much of the East China Sea , including the Senkakus , despite objections from Tokyo and Washington . Japan also has an ADIZ over the islands . While the Senkakus are uninhabited , their the Senkakus allow for exclusive oil the Senkakus are uninhabited mineral and fishing rights in the surrounding waters . ’Shredded the trust’ Mattis was also critical of China ’s actions in the South China Sea , where since 2014 Beijing has turned sandbars into islands , equipping them with airfields , ports and weapons systems and warned US warships and aircraft to stay away from them . " China has shredded the them of nations China the region , " Mattis said . " We all play by the rules , and if we have disputes we take them to We all , we We all n’t we have disputes them by taking We all means and occupying we have disputes that is subject to question , to say the least , about who actually owns it , " he said . Mattis said the US Mattis would continue Mattis exercises freedom of navigation rights     where US warships sail through international waters     in the South China Sea , there was no need for increased US military maneuvers there . " What we have to do is exhaust all efforts , diplomatic efforts , to try and resolve this properly , " Mattis said . RELATED : South China Mattis : What ’s at stake , Inada said Japan supported US actions in the South China Sea and said Tokyo the South China Sea proactive role " in regional disputes . The defense chiefs also discussed the threat posed by North Korea . " Evolution of North Korea ’s nuclear and missile development is for Japan North Korea US and for the region ’s security Japan grave threat , " Inada said . She also stressed that the US , Japan and South Korea Inada the North Korean threat with Japan division of North Korea emphasizing the importance of the deterrence value of US    capabilities , something Japan ’s constitution prevents its military from having . Who Japan In Saturday ’s Japan conference , Mattis praised Japan ’s financial contribution to the cost of keeping some 52 Japan US troops in Japan . During the US presidential campaign , Trump had said Japan Japan have to increase its contribution to the force . " Japan has been a model of cost Trump and burden sharing , Japan Mattis said , calling Japan " an example for other nations to follow . " The Japan defense chief also praised Japan ’s military buildup under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , which has Japan spending on Japanese forces to the point that some analysts consider them among the world ’s best . " I think Japan is on the right some analysts , " Mattis said . Mattis said Japan US would continue taking steps to lessen the US military footprint on Mattis southern Japanese island of Okinawa . Both sides agreed the US Marine Corps Air Station Futenma on Okinawa would be relocated to Henoko , a less densely populated section of the island Okinawa Inada said . ’Overwhelming’ response , Mattis arrived in Tokyo on Friday the southern Japanese island of Okinawa Korea , the first stop in his Mattis overseas trip as US defense secretary . While in Seoul , he he Mattis to deploy THAAD     the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense    system Mattis Mattis protect US and South Korean troops .   " North Korea continues to launch missiles , develop its nuclear weapons program and engage in threatening rhetoric and behavior , " Mattis said at North Korea press conference in Seoul on Friday . Speaking alongside South Korean Defense Minister Han    he added : " Any attack on the United States or on our allies will be Mattis and any use of nuclear weapons will be met with a response that will be effective and overwhelming . " A statement on Pyongyang ’s Korean Central News Agency said deployment of THAAD is pushing the Korean peninsula to the " brink of a nuclear war . " The statement said THAAD Korean part of an offensive strategy between Seoul and Washington , alleging A statement on Pyongyang’s Korean Central News Agency had " THAAD out a plan for a preemptive attack on the North and . .. desperately pushed forward it , pushing the situation on the peninsula to the brink of a nuclear war . " a plan for a preemptive attack on the North Thursday Mattis said Pyongyang ’s the Korean peninsula behavior " the "brink of a nuclear war 