" Duck Dynasty " stars Phil and Willie Robertson gave their reasons for supporting Senator Ted Cruz ( ) and real estate mogul Donald Trump , respectively , on Monday ’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel ’s " Hannity . "   Phil said , " the writer of our Constitution , James Madison , said our Constitution was written for a moral and religious people . It our Constitution wholly inadequate for any other . So I just looked at Cruz . He stood out in my mind as being a moral and religious man . I thought to myself He ‘ Good enough for me.’ It ’s about that simple on my part . " Willie stated , " I think our system is   —    honestly , I think it our system broken and I think a lot of the politicians are just more of the same , and I want somebody in there who can shake it our system , who can change it our system , who are not after the money , and , you know , after people telling them people to say . And I like a man who puts his a man who puts his money where his mouth is where his a man who puts his money where his mouth is is , and pays for his a man who puts his money where his mouth is thing , and he a man who puts his money where his mouth is not in debt to anybody , and says , ‘ Hey , I ’m going to do what I ’m going to do.’ I think he a man who puts his money where his mouth is the man for the job . He a man who puts his money where his mouth is run a business and I think , you know , so many of these people come in . They these people never run a business . They these people n’t know what they these people doing when they these people there , and I just like somebody who ’s run a business , especially New York City . I think that ’s an advantage . I think you could n’t be that successful in New New York City having to be able to work with different kinds of people , and I think he a man who puts his money where his mouth is done that and I think he a man who puts his money where his mouth is actually work with other people . " Follow Breitbart . TV on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 