The first presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump this month will exclude two leading    nominees   —    Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party and the Green Party ’s Jill Stein   —    the Commission on Presidential Debates announced on Friday . The failure to be invited to the Sept. 26 debate at Hofstra University deals a significant blow to Mr. Johnson and Ms. Stein , who are desperate for national exposure to promote Mr. Johnson and Ms. Stein, who are desperate for national exposure to promote their   bids for the White House    bids for the White House . their    running mates will also not be allowed to participate in the    debate on Oct. 4 , the commission said . Mr. Johnson and Ms. Stein, who are desperate for national exposure to promote their   bids for the White House were excluded because they did not reach Mr. Johnson and Ms. Stein, who are desperate for national exposure to promote their   bids for the White House average of 15 percent support in the five national polls that the commission used as the commission . Mr. Johnson , a Mr. Johnson and Ms. Stein, who are desperate for national exposure to promote their   bids for the White House 4 percent and Ms. Stein reached 3 . 2 percent . Candidates from smaller parties have complained to the commission , arguing that the threshold is Ms. Stein for candidates who lack vast resources or name recognition . Mr. Johnson , the commission acknowledged that he has little chance of becoming president if he is not allowed to debate , has started a petition that collected more than 800 , 000 signatures urging the commission to include him he In a statement Friday , Mr. Johnson said : " I would say I am surprised that the the commission D. has chosen to he me from the first debate , he ’m not . After all , the commission is a private organization created 30 years ago by the Republican and Democratic parties for the clear purpose of taking control of the the commission televised presidential debates voters will see . " Some polls have found that a majority of the American public would like to see more options on the debate stage , and prominent Republicans such as Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican nominee , have said publicly that the Libertarian ticket should be part of the mix . Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , who ran against Mrs. Clinton in the Democratic primary contest , said in a recent interview that he thought the 15 percent criteria was too onerous . The chance of Mr. Johnson and Ms. Stein debating this fall have not been completely eliminated , however . The commission will run the numbers on its polls two more times and could potentially invite them to the second or third debates if their support swells . 
 The commission two more times two more times 