Wilbur L. Ross , the billionaire investor expected to be nominated as the next commerce secretary , has made Wilbur L. Ross, the billionaire investor expected to be nominated as the next commerce secretary fortune through the tricky business of buying deeply troubled companies . With wealth estimated at $ 2 . 9 billion , Mr. Ross , who turns 79 on Monday , would join a cabinet that is already expected to include one of the superwealthy in Betsy DeVos , the nominee for secretary of education , and that may soon have others . In choosing Mr. Ross to be the face of American business for the rest of the world ,    Donald J. Trump is turning not to a cautious corporate chieftain , but to a    speculator . Like   Donald J. Trump presumptive boss , Mr. Ross has been considered either a hero or a villain during his Mr. Ross . There is not a lot in between . In 2002 , he   Donald J. Trump praise from workers when he   Donald J. Trump the shuttered steel mills of LTV , a bankrupt company in Cleveland . Four years later , Mr. Mr. Ross pilloried after an explosion at the Sago Mine in West Virginia , which his company Mr. Ross bought a few weeks earlier , killed 12 miners . The stark contrasts reflect the nature of the world in which Mr. Ross Mr. Ross distressed investing . He made his Mr. Ross scouring Mr. Ross landscape for businesses left for dead that he could sink Mr. Ross into and then profit from when they were resurrected businesses left for dead It is a business that requires nerves of steel and a strong stomach . The chances of failure   —    along with headlines about collapsed businesses and lost jobs   —    are balanced against the opportunity for a big reward if a turnaround strategy works . Some businesses where he has invested , like textile mills , have struggled . But other investments have salvaged industry and jobs while providing a lucrative payday . His    bet he in the steel industry more than a decade ago , a time when few wanted anything to do with it . Mr. His   bet cobbled together the ailing assets of LTV and Bethlehem Steel into a new company called International Steel Group , which was sold in 2004 to Mittal Steel for $ 4 . 5 billion . " There were no outsiders who were willing to step forward and make an investment , " said Ron Bloom , an investment banker who negotiated with Mr. Ross for Mr. Ross Steelworkers . " He went where angels feared to tread . " Like his investing , the He of Mr. Ross , a former Democrat , do not always stick to orthodox points of view . Mr. Ross has expressed Mr. Ross beliefs on some issues   —    favoring big tax cuts for businesses , for example , and a repeal of President Obama ’s health law . Yet Mr. Ross has also suggested Mr. Ross is receptive to some of Mr. Ross    views favored by American labor unions and by Mr. Trump . " The president has a huge amount President Obama’s in terms of abrogating treaties , and he can do a lot without reference President Obama’s Congress , " Mr. Ross said in an interview the day after the election . Mr. Ross , a member of Mr. Trump ’s economic team during the Mr. Trump said he expected the new president to do a Mr. Trump on trade and regulation through executive action . " He is serious about suspending any new regulations Mr. Trump " said Mr. Ross , who held one of Mr. Mr. Ross, a member of Mr. Trump , Jason Miller , said : " Mr. Trump Trump has not yet announced his pick for this Mr. Trump Mr. Trump goes without saying that Mr. Trump Ross has been a fantastic Mr. Trump for the   ’s plan to bring back jobs , eliminate the trade deficit and make good deals for America ’s workers . " The nomination of Mr. Ross would be the capstone to a career on Wall Street that has spanned decades and has made Mr. Ross of the most visible and successful of a breed of investor known as " vultures " because of Mr. Ross penchant for going after nearly dead businesses . Mr. Ross , by contrast , has often preferred to see vultures as another kind of bird   —    Mr. Ross phoenix , helping businesses rise from the ashes . To Mr. Ross degree , Mr. Ross helped Mr. Trump do that when some of his casinos in Atlantic City fell on hard times . Mr. Mr. Ross Carl C. Icahn , another billionaire investor and supporter Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , were both bondholders in the Trump Taj Mahal casino when it was teetering on financial collapse in 1990 . Mr. Trump pushing the casino into an immediate bankruptcy , Mr. Ross and Mr. both bondholders in the Trump Taj Mahal casino worked with Mr. Trump and others to structure a more orderly the Trump Taj Mahal casino in 1991 . The negotiated Mr. Ross and Carl C. Icahn, another billionaire investor and supporter of Mr. Trump his name and brand at a time when he arguably did not have many friends on Wall Street . The low point of Mr. Ross ’s career was Mr. Trump deadly mine disaster in West Virginia . Mr. Trump he helped set up a charitable fund for the families of the victims , and his company contributed more than $ 1 million to them as well , Mr. Ross’s in organized labor remain bitter about Mr. Ross and his firm . Still , Mr. Ross’s episode has not deterred some unions from doing the families of the victims with him when it was in their interest . In 2012 , Mr. Mr. Ross’s was one of the wealthy investors who gave a $ 50 million cash infusion to Mr. Ross’s Bank , one of some unions nation ’s largest    lenders Mr. Ross’s was struggling to stay in business after the financial crisis . An affiliate of the Service Employees International Union , which controlled the ailing Amalgamated Bank , did not hesitate to take Mr. Ross ’s money . " Wilbur Ross ’s investment firm has been an investor in the bank and held a seat on our board for nearly five years Mr. Ross’s Loren Riegelhaupt , a spokesman Mr. Ross’s . " While we appreciate his financial acumen , the ailing Amalgamated Bank to the bank has never impacted our core progressive principles : providing quality financial services to our clients while advancing the Amalgamated Bank believe in . " Mr. Ross sold his firm in his to the ailing Amalgamated Bank an    investment company , we about $ 375 million . Since then , he has pulled back on the daily operations of the business . While remaining as Mr. Ross of the firm , Mr. Ross has spent more time in recent years at his Palm Beach , Fla. home Mr. Ross not far from Mr. Trump ’s     estate . Mr. Ross was born in Weehawken , his firm and Mr. Ross married three times . His second wife , Betsy Mr. Ross , a Republican , served as New York ’s lieutenant governor from 1995 to 1998 Mr. Ross experience , Mr. Ross would later tell New York magazine , " gave one a Mr. Ross    view of politics . " Ms. McCaughey , too , was named to Mr. Trump ’s economic team during the campaign . Some Mr. Ross Ross ’s business ties may New York’s conflicts of interest . But the sale of his company , W. L. Ross , may make it easier for Mr. Ross to separate himself from its    interests , which Mr. Ross Europe , China and India . His remaining financial interests in the firm ’s funds could be put in a blind trust , and he could easily Mr. Ross the five corporate Mr. Ross on which he it . Still , those overseas deals could raise questions about his Mr. Ross with foreign leaders and businesspeople from China and Russia . He is vice chairman of the Bank Mr. Ross Cyprus , the biggest bank in that European island nation Mr. Ross and he is credited with helping the bank to recover from Mr. Ross severe crisis in 2013 . But Mr. Ross ’s China in Mr. Ross bank also makes him a de facto business partner with Viktor F. Vekselberg , one of Russia ’s most Mr. Ross businesspeople and a man with ties the Bank of Cyprus Kremlin . Mr. Ross has complained about China ’s having taken jobs from Americans   — the Bank of Cyprus message similar to Mr. Ross one Mr. Trump repeated throughout his campaign . Yet for Russia the    commentary , Mr. Ross has been a frequent Mr. Ross the past two decades Mr. Ross made inroads in that country ’s the steel industry linked up with the most powerful player in the Mr. Ross power generation business , China Huaneng Group Mr. Trump in 2008 . The    company had been run for years by the eldest son of Li Peng , the former prime minister who was the godfather of the country ’s electricity industry . 
 that country’s China Huaneng Group 