  ( CNN ) Huge sighs of relief must be emanating through the corridors of power in Japan and South Korea . The two Asian countries were chosen as the destinations for the first overseas visit by President Donald Trump and US Defense Secretary James Mattis gave Seoul and Tokyo exactly what The two Asian countries were looking for .   The two Asian countries had been stunned by comments made by President Donald Trump on the campaign trail that suggested that they The two Asian countries develop their The two Asian countries nuclear weapons to defend themselves The two Asian countries pay more toward the cost of troops stationed in the region . Mattis laid all those US Defense Secretary James Mattis to rest in his    visit , US Defense Secretary James Mattis an " effective and overwhelming " response should provocative neighbor North Korea launch a nuclear attack and said US defense commitments in East Asia were " ironclad . " He even told his US Defense Secretary James Mattis counterpart Tomomi US Defense Secretary James Mattis that her country had " Tomomi Inada a model of cost sharing . "   " Mattis said all the right things . His goal was clearly Mattis reassure , " said Anthony Ruggiero , senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies . Mattis : US will defend Japanese islands claimed by China , Disputed islands , There ’ll be fewer smiles in China and North Korea China   When Mattis reaffirmed Washington ’s Mattis: US commitment to defending Japan , he emphasized that this Mattis: US include a disputed island chain claimed by both Japan , which calls it the Senkakus , this China , which calls them the Diaoyu islands both Japan, which calls it the Senkakus Diaoyu Islands drew Mattis: US rebuke from China , which accused the US of injecting instability into the region .    " We urge the US side to adopt a responsible attitude and stop making wrong remarks on the issue of the sovereignty of Diaoyu Islands . Only doing so would avoid further complicating the issue or injecting an element the issue of the sovereignty of Diaoyu Islands to the region , " said Ministry the region Affairs spokesman Lu Kang .   Tong Zhao , an associate at    Center for Global Policy in Beijing , said China would be alarmed at the deepening security relationship between the US and Japan .   " This will be a big disappointment to Beijing , " he said . Mattis also Beijing strong words Tong Zhao, an associate at   Center for Global Policy in Beijing China over Tong Zhao, an associate at   Center for Global Policy in Beijing South China Sea , where China has built artificial islands and equipped them Beijing airfields , ports and weapons systems . He said Beijing had " shredded the trust Tong Zhao, an associate at   Center for Global Policy in Beijing of Beijing in the region . " We all play by the rules , and if we have disputes we take them to arbitration We all we do We all settle we have disputes by taking military We all and occupying land we have disputes is subject to question , to say the least , about who actually owns it , " he said . RELATED : South China Sea : What ’s at stake , North Korea , meanwhile , reacted quickly and angrily to Mattis’ pledge to deploy THAAD     the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system     to protect US and South Korean troops . 4 ways Donald Trump could deal with North Korea , Phew ? Trump has assembled North Korea Asia team , and Donald Trump ’s not yet clear whose views will hold Donald Trump .   Mattis’ stance , as advanced during his visit , Mattis’ to be a continuation of Mattis’ Barack Obama ’s policies in the region     clashing with the more muscular approach towards China coming from Trump and other members of his inner circle . Donald Trump example , Mattis said Mattis’ the solution to the dispute in the South China Sea was diplomatic and did n’t see any need at all for any " dramatic military moves "     a position that appears to put him at odds with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Mattis’   Tillerson said in his confirmation hearing that China should Secretary of State Rex Tillerson blocked from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the artificial islands it ’s built , setting the stage for a potential showdown . It ’s a view echoed by White House spokesman it Spicer .   This uncertainty over who has Trump ’s ear means the relief being felt in Seoul and Tokyo in the wake of Mattis’ reassurances is still laced with doubt .    " How much influence Mattis has in actually crafting Asia strategy . .. remains very much an open question , " says Ashley Townshend , a research fellow at United States Studies Centre at the University of Sydney .  
 