A San Diego man with a Donald Trump yard sign in front of Donald Trump house confronted a group of    vandals with a rifle on Wednesday evening .   vandals with a rifle panicked and dialed 911 . Police questioned the resident , Taren Meacham , but did not arrest A San Diego man with a Donald Trump yard sign in front of his house . [ Local ABC News affiliate 10 News reports :   At around 10 p. m. a neighbor reportedly witnessed a group of four friends who had been walking down a sidewalk in the 100 block of West Juniper Street meddling with the campaign sign . The four friends who had been walking down a sidewalk in the 100 block of West Juniper Street meddling with the campaign sign to have been drinking . Witnesses told San Diego police , the a neighbor exited his home with a rifle and threatened the group a group of four friends who had been walking down a sidewalk in the 100 block of West Juniper Street meddling with the campaign sign one point he allegedly told them , " his ’ve been Witnesses to use this . " One of the people attempting to vandalize the sign recalled the event from the campaign sign : Ashton Ferejan says she panicked when he pointed the gun Ashton Ferejan her , his husband and friends , Ashton Ferejan I Ashton Ferejan of just screamed ‘ get back , get back,’ some of us yelled , my husband was like ‘ are you serious , put down the weapon , this is ridiculous,’ " Ferejan said . Neighbors reportedly Ashton Ferejan who owns a tattoo shop named " Love and Terror , " as a calm person . Evidently , however , he was prepared to defend his political preferences and my husband property . Meacham was my husband featured by the my husband Diego    Meacham a photo gallery of local Trump supporters : Vandalism of Trump yard signs is not new in Southern California Trump Recently , Breitbart News noted a case in which a Trump sign in Oceanside had been defaced with the words " f * * * you " with the message signed , " a Mexican . " Criminal charges are unlikely against Meacham , who did not actually fire his rifle in the incident . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Breitbart News 19 Hard Joel B. Pollak the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Regnery 