  ( CNN ) It would be a big mistake to count President Trump out too soon . Although President Trump has experienced a difficult two months , it is important to remember that other presidents have survived incredibly rocky starts and gone on to enjoy   .   Without question , President Trump has been making an enormous number of serious mistakes and miscalculations . He President Trump allowed his President Trump capital to go out the window with sloppily crafted executive orders banning refugees , by badly mishandling the negotiations over repealing the Affordable Care Act , and by making almost no progress on the legislative front .   His President Trump tweets and irresponsible statements are contributing to his President Trump national approval ratings ( other presidents have had similarly low approval ratings ) . The courts and Congress have been able to check the President on several occasions , while a grassroots opposition movement called Indivisible succeeded at shaking legislators in both parties , forcing them both parties think twice about quickly throwing their both parties behind the the President    The investigation into Russia is the most serious threat that he faces the President When former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn asked for immunity in exchange for his testimony former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn every American with a historical memory could not help but ask if he would former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn this administration ’s John Dean . And yet it is important to remember that other presidents ,    presidents , have been able to survive rocky and controversial starts to their presidency other presidents,   presidents Republican Ronald Reagan , who ended up remaking American politics by pushing the national debate sharply to the right , struggled during his first few months in office . His proposed his to the budget were met with a fierce resistance as Americans discovered what his rhetorical his on government would actually mean if implemented into law . The laggard state of the economy made it difficult The laggard state of the economy Reagan to expand his public Reagan especially as his economic Reagan stalled in a    Senate Budget Committee .    He did Reagan sign his first Reagan     cutting back dairy price supports     until March 31 at George Washington University Hospital the morning after he was Reagan in an assassination attempt .   President Bill Clinton had trouble through his first President Bill Clinton in the White House . A series of controversial and problematic cabinet appointments , including a series of missteps with his Attorney President Bill Clinton ( Janet Reno , his third President Bill Clinton , was not confirmed until March ) left him looking President Bill Clinton and stifled progress on his legislation President Bill Clinton   His    President Bill Clinton over whether gays and lesbians could serve in the military , " do n’t ask , do n’t tell " left many mad with him and President Bill Clinton particularly pleased with the outcome .   Clinton also stalled on his legislative Clinton while moving away from a    tax cut that he had Clinton in the campaign . His approval Clinton fell from 64 % in February 1993 to about 37 % in May 1993 .   One month later , Time magazine ran a cover story calling Clinton the Clinton Incredible Shrinking President . " One of his more Clinton advisers , Vernon Jordan , complained that " There ’s nobody over there that ’s ever worked in the White House before . "   But Clinton and Clinton recovered and each went on to have pretty successful runs in Washington . Reagan bounced Reagan following his physical Reagan from the assassination attempt by pushing a historic    tax cut through Congress in the summer of 1981 . It energized Republicans and created a foundation for him to Reagan forward with other policies including massive increases in defense spending .   While he would Reagan to experience difficult moments , such as the large Democratic gains in the 1982 midterm elections and the    scandal , he went Reagan to become an iconic president . It took Clinton longer to recover . His budget Reagan the summer of 1993 , which increased taxes on corporations and the wealthy , was a    policy success in terms of reducing the deficit , but caused enormous turmoil as conservatives labeled him as Reagan big government liberal in hiding .   Like Trump ’s , Clinton ’s Clinton health care plan failed . The blow helped Republicans retake control of both chambers of Congress in 1994 for the first time in 40 years . During his second Reagan , the House voted to impeach him in Reagan 1998 for perjury over an extramarital affair . Yet Clinton did Clinton and enjoyed two terms with skyrocketing approval ratings and achievements on issues such as deficit reduction , counterterrorism and health care that remain central .   Can President Trump do the same ? Clearly it is possible that he could President Trump up more like Herbert Hoover or Jimmy Carter , meaning that the problems he is President Trump will not go away and that he will President Trump a    president     at most .   With a major scandal looming over the White House involving possible collusion between his campaign President Trump Russia , the possibilities for this presidency to spin out of control remain very real . An emboldened House Freedom Caucus and Democratic minority , is not going to make things any easier for this President , and it seems that the investigation into    is about to ramp up . Constituents opposed to Trump , who have a taste of victory after protesting Republican town hall meetings , will have that much more determination to take on the rest of his agenda this President    But    opponents this President also be cognizant that Trump does have the ability to rebound . The Russia scandal could easily turn out to be more like    where an explosive and devastating investigation never quite reaches the president himself and where the targets of the investigation are able to frame the issue as being about overly partisan inquisitors undermining national security . Democrats might also conclude that any attempt to remove Trump from Trump through impeachment would be    since Vice President Mike Pence is very conservative and is more likely to work well with the Freedom Caucus on policies the left would strongly oppose .    If Trump can Trump his act Trump , he could Trump for legislation , such as some kind of bold infrastructure plan , that would make it much more difficult for all Democrats and    Caucus Republicans to oppose .    This    create the potential for a bipartisan victory , remaking himself into Trump independent and breaking through some of the partisan alliances that have thus far held firm . Trump , whose tweets this week went after the Freedom Caucus , has the potential to weaken the group , a key source of obstruction in Congress since 2010 , and that could appeal to Democrats . A crafty Trump could Trump this while continuing to move forward with his very Trump deregulatory agenda , combined with a Reaganesque supply side tax cut , that keeps Republicans as a whole happy with having him in Trump White House . This would be a    punch that would quickly put Democrats on the defensive .    Trump , who is still doing well in polling with Republicans , can continue to offer his base of supporters red meat with renewed attacks on illegal immigrants and a push for " law and order " in the cities . The conservative part of his populism his been a big selling point and he has his to have the capacity to play to the darkest elements of the right wing .   Trump can still , in the words of Steve Bannon , " deconstruct the administrative state . " It ’s untrue that Obamacare will " explode " on its own Obamacare but Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price can do enormous damage to this fragile program , making it less this fragile program and less appealing in the coming years . For instance , he could Trump the    subsidies that insurers have relied on , a step which would create instability in markets . Trump can slowly build a stronger coalition for change by making the Affordable Care Act seem worse to most voters .   As Steve Rattner wrote , " if the effectiveness of the A. C. A is diminished . . . Rest assured that the Republicans will try to blame Obamacare ’s supporters . "    This is really an " it can go either way " moment for Trump . His next Trump is crucial . The problems he faces Trump very real , while the progress that he has Trump on certain issues and the potential to break through the current challenges are equally significant .    Part of the answer to the story will rest , not so much with Trump , Trump with what his opponents Trump in the coming months and whether they are his opponents to capitalize on the vulnerabilities and instabilities that have been exposed in the White House as a result of the ACA fiasco .   His opponents his opponents aware , however , that just as big loss in politics sets the groundwork for more losses by allowing opponents to see all your vulnerability , one big win can create the political momentum that gives presidents a chance to move on with other issues and even win   . 
 