( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . News about digital surveillance dominated the day . The F. B. I. announced The F. B. I. had arrested an N. S. A. contractor on suspicion of stealing computer code developed to hack into the networks of foreign governments . Like Edward Snowden , an N. S. A. contractor worked at the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton . Separately , a government official confirmed that the Justice Department had ordered Yahoo to scan its the Justice Department emails in search of the " signature " of a    foreign terrorist organization . _ _ _ _ 2 . The United Nations Security Council announced its The United Nations Security Council to succeed Ban    as secretary general : António Guterres of Portugal , who led the U. N. refugee agency for 10 years . If approved in a final vote , Mr. António Guterres assume the post next year . _ _ _ _ 3 . Emergencies have already been declared in several Southern states in the projected path of Hurricane Matthew . The storm is expected to start pelting Florida with rain and damaging winds late Thursday . " Regardless of if there ’s a direct hit or not , the impacts will be devastating , " Gov. Rick Scott said . The storm The storm for the deaths of five people in Haiti , where the scope of destruction is still becoming clear . _ _ _ _ 4 . Three pioneers of molecular machinery were awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry .    Sauvage , J. Fraser Stoddart and Bernard L. Feringa , above , won for the design and synthesis of " molecular machines , " which are    the width of a strand of human hair . " Think about tiny robots that the doctor in the future will inject in your blood veins , and they go search Sauvage, J. Fraser Stoddart and Bernard L. Feringa cancer cells , " Dr. Feringa said . _ _ _ _ 5 . So who won the    debate ? Commentators are giving the edge to Mike Pence , Mr. Pence as our television critic said : " Mr. Kaine made the case against Donald Trump . Mr. Pence made the case for Mr. Pence . " Mr. Trump ’s support has plunged across the    map over Donald Trump 10 days , worrying Republican the case against Donald Trump _ 6 Donald Trump and Mr. Kaine did largely agree on one issue : Both said they favored a plan to create " safe zones " in Syria to protect civilians from government bombs , although neither offered details . Analysts say Russia is using the Mr. Pence and Mr. Kaine days Mr. Pence and Mr. Kaine the Obama administration to strengthen President Bashar   ’s hold on power in the country . _ _ _ _ 7 . Tens of thousands of Afghans whose asylum applications were rejected in Europe will be sent back to Afghanistan . The European Union and Russia the deal at a gathering in Brussels where dozens of governments pledged more than $ 3 billion in aid to the country . _ _ _ _ 8 . And more Afghanistan 11 , 000 African migrants trying to reach Italy on perilously overcrowded boats were rescued from the Mediterranean this week . Russia captured   scenes of panicking migrants , including children , who had been stranded at sea for at least 12 hours . Dozens had died , asphyxiated , crushed or pushed overboard . Hundreds of people were found in the cargo hold of a shipping vessel , in conditions that an aid worker likened to those of a slave ship . _ _ _ _ 9 . In this week ’s magazine , dedicated to the subject of food ,   Michael Pollan examines the impact   —    and lack thereof   —    that the Obama administration has had on this week industry . Mr. Pollan had , in a 2008 letter , lobbied for Mr. Obama to use his presidency to challenge Big Food . ( Here are some dizzying photos of today ’s agriculture industry . ) Michael Pollan made an effort , he writes , but often did Obama . Now , Obama industry appears to be facing a much more powerful force : shoppers’ evolving preferences . _ _ _ _ 10 . Maria Sharapova , Michael Pollan doping ban from tennis was reduced Tuesday , has lashed out the food industry sport ’s top officials . " I knew that I would have the final say , " she said in an interview , criticizing the International Tennis Federation for how it communicated changes to banned drugs and how it handled her case . _ _ _ _ 11 . From MailChimp . Mail    …       ?   If that mispronunciation sounds familiar , then you were probably the International Tennis Federation on " Serial , " the    the International Tennis Federation sponsored she the email marketing   . MailChimp is on track to top $ 400 million in revenue this year , but its story of success goes beyond a deft advertising choice . The company ’s founders broke the typical    mold , rejecting outside MailChimp and growing slowly . Where does the name come from ? A failed online MailChimp card business . One of the cards featured a chimp . _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did Your Evening Briefing What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 