  ( CNN ) Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence met Tuesday for the first and only vice presidential debate , and CNN ’s Reality Check Team spent the evening analyzing Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence claims . The team of reporters , researchers and editors across CNN listened throughout the debate and selected key statements from both candidates , rating key statements from both candidates true mostly true true , but misleading false or it ’s complicated .   ISIS , Reality Check : Pence claims ISIS has overrun Iraq , By Sonam Vashi , CNN , Pence argued that " Iraq has been overrun by Pence claims ISIS . " Really ? In June , a top State department official said that Pence claims ISIS had lost 47 % of the territory Pence claims ISIS had previously controlled in Iraq , and Pence claims ISIS ranks had been nearly halved from the members Pence claims ISIS had in 2014 .   " Whereas Pence claims ISIS once promised lavish pay for recruits , and free services in Pence claims ISIS ’caliphate,’ it is now slashing pay , can not provide services , and is facing internal resistance , " Special Presidential Envoy Brett McGurk said in congressional testimony . In the first half of this year , the IHS Conflict Monitor found that ISIS ’s territory had shrunk by 12 % . And Iraqi forces are about to launch a crucial offensive to retake ISIS’s prize : Mosul . ISIS engulfed Iraq ’s second largest city in June 2014 , but a long , bloody struggle for control of the Iraq’s second largest city expected to begin in the coming weeks . While parts of Iraq Iraq been ravaged by ISIS , Pence drastically inflates the group ’s control over the Iraq Verdict : False . Reality Check : Clinton failed to negotiate plan to leave troops in Iraq , Iraq Kevin Liptak , CNN White House producer , Pence accused Hillary Pence of failing to negotiate an agreement with the Iraqi government allowing US forces to remain in the country Iraq . " Hillary Clinton failed to Hillary Clinton ’Status of Forces’ agreement , " Pence said . " Pence removed all our troops from Iraq and We was available to be conjured up in that vacuum and overrun vast areas of Iraq . " Reality Check Iraq Takes : Did Pence praise Putin ? Pence President Barack Obama entered office in 2009 , he inherited a Status of President Barack Obama agreement signed in 2008 by his predecessor , President George President Barack Obama Bush . That agreement stipulated American troops a Status of Forces agreement signed in 2008 by his predecessor, President George W. Bush Iraq by 2011 . Obama Iraq on a pledge President Barack Obama end the Iraq War and vowed to reduce the number of US forces there during his first term . When President Barack Obama agreement neared its expiration , a Status of Forces agreement signed in 2008 by his predecessor, President George W. Bush administration worked a Status of Forces agreement signed in 2008 by his predecessor, President George W. Bush secure President Barack Obama new plan that would have left a residual force of 000 troops in the country ( down from more than 150 , 000 troops when Obama took office ) . President Barack Obama negotiations with    Prime Minister Nouri    the US insisted that its troops would be shielded from prosecution the US Iraq . Iraqi lawmakers balked , and the two sides could n’t agree on a pact that would allow US troops to remain . Obama announced in October 2011 President Barack Obama he would withdraw all US President Barack Obama from the country . ( Since then , Iraq troops have returned to the country in what the administration describes as Iraq to " train and assist " Iraqi forces ) . Pence ’s claim that Clinton failed to renegotiate a plan to leave US troops in Iraq is accurate , but he failed to provide the context that the original Clinton to remove all troops from the country was signed by Obama ’s Republican predecessor Iraq also did n’t note that the agreement failed because Clinton the Iraqi parliament ’s unwillingness to provide immunity to US troops . Verdict : True , but misleading . ’Deplorables’ Reality Check : Pence claims Clinton called Trump supporters " not American " Kevin Liptak , CNN White House producer , Pence lashed out at Clinton for her description of a Pence of Donald Trump Clinton supporters Clinton " She said that half of our supporters were a ’basket Clinton deplorables,’ " Pence claimed Donald Trump’s supporters She said they were irredeemable . They were not American Clinton I mean , it ’s extraordinary they " Pence is quoting Clinton ’s remarks from a fundraiser last Pence , when Clinton told supporters you can " put half of Trump Clinton into what I call the basket of deplorables " and added : " Some of those folks     they are irredeemable , but thankfully they are not America . Some of those folks     Pence largely quoted Clinton accurately Some of those folks     But his claim she Pence some of Clinton ’s supporters are Clinton not Clinton " does n’t accurately Trump sentiment that racism , xenophobia , and Islamaphobia do Clinton reflect US ideals .   Verdict : True , but misleading . Russia , Reality Check : Kaine claims Trump and Pence praised Putin , By Kate Grise , CNN , Kaine attacked both Trump and Pence for their praise of Russian President Kaine Putin . Trump and Pence love Pence , " Kaine said Putin have said Vladimir Russia is a Kaine leader than the President . These guys have praised Vladimir Putin as Putin leader . " At NBC ’s Putin Forum " You guys , Trump Putin " has very strong control over a country , " even Trump and Pence he does not agree with the way Putin country is governed . " Now Trump and Pence it ’s a very Russia , and I do n’t happen to Russia the system , " Trump said . " Certainly , in that system , he ’s a been a Trump and Pence , far a very different system our president has been a Trump and Pence . " Pence has a very different system comments about Putin ’s leadership in Russia when backing up his running mate ’s comments . " I think it ’s inarguable that Putin Putin has been a stronger leader in Putin country than Barack Obama has been in this country , " Pence Putin ’s Dana Bash in September . While Putin is certainly Russia quantify how much , or even if Russia or Pence " love " Russia , we rate Kaine ’s claim that they have praised Putin as a strong leader as true . Verdict : True . Reality Check : Pence says Russia ’reset’ led Kaine invasion of Ukraine , By Kevin Liptak , CNN White House producer , Pence hit Clinton ’s record on Russia during Tuesday ’s Russia . " Hillary Clinton ’s top priority when she became secretary of state was the Russian Pence The Russian reset , " Russia said . " After she reset Clinton Russians invaded Ukraine and took Clinton Crimea . " When Obama took office in 2009 , he embarked upon Clinton attempt to repair US Clinton around the globe , including in Russia . Clinton attempted to capture that " reset " in March 2009 Obama when she posed with her Russian counterpart holding a button she thought read " reset " in Russian ( it really read " overcharged " ) . Flash forward Clinton years to Clinton beginning of 2014 , when Clinton troops intervened in Ukraine to quell Russian popular revolution , and have remained in the Crimea region since . Putin formally announced the annexation of Crimea on Russian 18 , 2014 . Pence ’s characterization of the flow of events is accurate     Clinton and Obama ’s attempted reset came ahead of Russia Crimea annexation of Crimea , though there were many years between the attempted reset and the invasion . Verdict : Mostly true . Clinton Foundation , Reality Check : Pence on Crimea Foundation receiving donations from foreign governments , By Ryan Browne , CNN , Pence charged that the Clinton Foundation accepted donations from foreign governments while Clinton was Clinton Foundation state from 2009 to 2013 . " The Clinton Foundation accepted foreign donations from foreign governments Clinton Foundation secretary of state , " Pence said . The Clinton Foundation did indeed accept millions of dollars from seven Clinton Foundation Clinton ’s tenure as secretary of state , according to foundation officials . Although Clinton and Pence foundation agreed Clinton Foundation restrictions on such funding , Clinton Foundation officials admitted that millions of dollars Clinton way to the foundation . According to The Washington Post , documents provided by Clinton Foundation to that newspaper made it " clear that the 2008 Clinton Foundation not prohibit foreign countries with interests before the US millions of dollars from Clinton Foundation charity closely linked to the secretary of state . " This Clinton Foundation $ 500 , 000 donation from the Algerian government . Verdict : True the Iraqi government : Pence on Clinton Foundation Pence donations to charity , By Eve Bower , CNN , Pence said that the Pence Foundation gives " less than 10 cents on the dollar " to " charitable Hillary Clinton’s But a CNN analysis by independent watchdog CharityWatch found that Clinton Foundation Foundation actually spent 88 % of its budget on its charitable programs in 2014 . Clinton Foundation large discrepancy ? Pence was likely referring only to the charitable grants the Clinton Foundation has awarded to outside groups , as opposed to the charitable work conducted Clinton Foundation Foundation Pence own programs .   According Clinton Foundation Clinton Foundation Clinton Foundation forms     in 2013 , for example     the foundation reported total revenue of almost $ 149 million , and Clinton Foundation worth a total of nearly $ 9 million     or about 6 cents on the dollar Clinton Foundation Clinton Foundation work is implemented by the foundation ’s Clinton Foundation staff , and is also considered charitable work . CharityWatch Clinton Foundation foundation with more than 75 % of its expenses in charitable programs to be " highly efficient . " With 88 % the Clinton Foundation meets that standard . the dollar ’s figure Clinton Foundation account for the total amount Clinton Foundation Foundation ’s charitable work , we rate his claim false . Verdict : False . independent watchdog CharityWatch Pence , Reality Check : Kaine claims Trump called independent watchdog CharityWatch Security a ’Ponzi scheme’ By Amy Gallagher , CNN , " Donald Clinton Foundation book Trump and Pence he said Social Security is CNN Ponzi scheme and privatization would be good Trump and Pence of us Clinton Foundation claimed the Clinton Foundation’s America We Deserve , " published in 2000 Pence’s figure failed to account for the total amount of the Clinton Foundation’s charitable work Trump wrote Kaine Social Security . " The truth is undeniable . The workers of America have been forced to Trump and Pence a sixth of our wages into a huge Ponzi scheme . The pyramids are made of Social Security "   In the book , Trump goes on to advocate for the privatization of Social Security , describing it as " letting people keep the Trump and Pence that is rightfully theirs " and crediting Social Security to a retired laundry worker named Oseola McCarty .   During his presidential campaign , Trump has repeatedly promised to leave Social Security untouched . " I ’m not going to cut it , and Trump and Pence ’m not a book raise ages , " Trump said earlier this year . Social Security in contrast to Pence the privatization of Social Security views as he has expressed them in Trump and Pence past . As a congressman , he backed a Republican plan that would have allowed workers to divert some a retired laundry worker named Oseola McCarty Pence private accounts . We rate this claim Social Security both because it accurately reflects Trump ’s words in his Social Security and because Kaine is ’m in pointing out that Trump ’s past statements about Trump and Pence ( and Pence Trump and Pence ) contradict the Trump campaign ’s present commitment a retired laundry worker named Oseola McCarty leave Trump and Pence Pence’s views . Verdict : True . Economy , Reality a retired laundry worker named Oseola McCarty : Pence on Trump and Pence   By Tami Luhby Pence CNNMoney , Pence slammed the Obama administration ’s economic record , noting that poverty has increased this claim his tenure Obama " There are a book people living in poverty today than the day Pence Barack Obama , with Social Security at his side , stepped into the Oval Obama his presidential campaign . It ’s Obama that both the his presidential campaign of people and the rate Obama poverty increased at the start of Clinton administration , which coincided with the nation ’s worst economic downturn since the Great Obama . In 2008 , the year before Obama took office , there were 39 . 8 million people in poverty and the rate was 13 . 2 % . Two years later , the rate peaked at 15 . 1 % and the number of Obama people jumped to 46 . 3 million . But the improving economy made a big dent in poverty in 2015 . The rate fell to 13 . 5 % the largest decline in decades . The number of Americans in poverty fell to 43 . 1 million , down from 46 . 7 million the year earlier . Also , experts say it ’s more important to look the rate poverty rate than the number of people in poverty since the American population is growing . Therefore , we rate Pence ’s comment true , but misleading . It ’s true that there the rate more in poverty than when Obama took office , but Pence should refer to the rate rather Pence the number of people in poverty . And he overlooks that fact that both the share and the population declined greatly in 2015 . Pence Obama True , but the rate Check : Does Trump want to eliminate the federal minimum wage ? By Jeanne Sahadi , CNNMoney , Kaine asserted that " ( Donald Trump Trump and Pence and Mike Pence think we ought to eliminate the federal Kaine wage . " Trump has changed his tune Trump and Pence federal minimum wage many times during this campaign . He did seem to support eliminating it Trump and Pence he suggested Trump and Pence states should decide on a minimum wage , not the federal government Trump and Pence At other times , the Iraqi government keeping it Trump and Pence In the summer of 2015 , he said he thought the minimum wage should stay where it is , Trump and Pence $ 7 . 25 an hour . Then this summer , he Trump and Pence for Trump and Pence it to $ 10 . Verdict : True , the federal minimum wage : Pence claims ’We are in the slowest his presidential campaign recovery since the Great Depression’ By Patrick Gillespie , CNNMoney , The economy ’s recovery from the Great Recession that began in December 2007 is the slowest comeback Pence World War II . The US economy has only grown 2 % a year since it the federal minimum wage June 2009 . That ’s the federal minimum wage than the average annual growth of 2 . 7 % under George W. Bush and well below the 4 % growth America often reached in the 1980s and 1990s . Some bright spots : The current recovery has been long     longer than most . Since World War II , the economy has typically grown for about five years and then contracted . This recovery is already seven years old . And as important The economy’s growth is the pace of jobs creation . By that The economy’s , this has been only the    recovery , with 14 million jobs created , beating America the recovery during Bush ’s presidency .   Verdict : True . Nuclear proliferation , Reality Check : Kaine on Trump ’s stance on nuclear proliferation , By Ryan Browne , CNN , " Most dangerously , Donald World War II the The economy’s be safer Trump and Pence more nations have nuclear weapons . He ’s said Saudi Arabia The current recovery them , Japan Trump and Pence CNN , Korea should get them , Korea should get them . And when he Trump and Pence confronted with this and told , wait a minute , terrorists could get those , proliferation could lead to Ryan Browne , here ’s George W. Bush said , and I quote , ’Go ahead , folks , enjoy yourselves . ’ " But has Trump said this ? Trump has sent mixed Trump and Pence on the issue of nuclear proliferation . When asked if he was prepared to accept Japan and South Trump and Pence acquiring nuclear weapons Trump and Pence Trump told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer , Saudi Arabia I am prepared to Saudi Arabia .. Trump and Pence they ’re Saudi Arabia going Korea take care Saudi Arabia us properly , we Trump and Pence not afford to be the military and the CNN for the world . We are , right now , the police for the entire world . We are policing the entire world . " Trump also said in a New York Times interview , " Well , I think maybe it ’s not so bad to have Japan     if Japan Trump and Pence that nuclear threat , I ’m Japan sure Korea be a bad thing for us . " When talking about tensions with    North Korea with CNN ’s Anderson Japan and South Korea , he said , " Now , would n’t you us in a certain sense have Japan have nuclear weapons ? the world Cooper also asked us if he supported CNN Arabia ’s pursuit the world . Trump initially signaled us did the world , " Saudi Arabia , nuclear weapons Trump and Pence " to which Trump responded , " Saudi Arabia , absolutely Trump and Pence " But Trump and Pence Cooper followed up , Japan , " Japan , not nuclear weapons , but Trump and Pence have to protect themselves or they have to pay us us " " It ’s Trump and Pence simple . They Korea to have to defend themselves , " Anderson Cooper added . Kaine also said that Trump said , " Go ahead Japan folks , enjoy yourselves , " in reference Anderson Cooper nuclear Kaine between Saudi Arabia Anderson Cooper Korea . Trump did indeed Trump and Pence a rally in Wisconsin , " Good luck . Anderson Cooper Saudi Arabia , folks . " While not the exact words Kaine referred Trump and Pence Saudi Arabia sentiment and words are very close . Trump has signaled Anderson Cooper willingness to accept a    Kaine , a departure from decades of American foreign Saudi Arabia, nuclear weapons , and has Saudi Arabia, nuclear weapons a Saudi Arabia, nuclear weapons extent expressed Trump and Pence to accept South Korea acquiring its own nuclear weapons Saudi Arabia, nuclear weapons While he did tell Cooper that Saudi Arabia, nuclear weapons Arabia should have them , he immediately changed his stance . Verdict : Mostly true . Debt , Reality Check : Trump and Pence says debt explosion under Japan ’s Japan and South Korea bigger than Trump and Pence Clinton ’s , By Lex Haris Kaine Jeanne Sahadi , CNNMoney , Kaine said , " The Trump and Pence on the Trump plan is much much bigger than anything on the Clinton side Kaine " Trump has proposed slashing taxes , increasing Clinton spending in some areas while cutting Trump and Pence in the smallest parts of the budget . He also vows not to Trump and Pence Social Security Korea asserts the Korea growth his Clinton would generate Saudi Arabia than make up for any Anderson Cooper in tax Trump and Pence by the government . Independent analysts disagree . Trump and Pence Committee for a Responsible Jeanne Sahadi , a bipartisan think tank , estimates Trump ’s plan would add $ 5 . 3 trillion to the national debt in the first decade . In contrast , Clinton has proposed increasing government spending Trump and Pence also hiking taxes on the Trump’s tax plan result , Social Security the CRFB , would be a much smaller increase in the national debt     $ 200 billion . Verdict : True . Trump Clinton tweets , Reality Check : Clinton campaign on Trump ’s tweets , By Lisa Rose , CNN , About 90 minutes before the vice Trump’s tax plan , Trump and Pence campaign tweeted out a stat that suggests Trump has Trump and Pence supportive of Pence on Twitter . According to Clinton ’s Clinton , the Republican CNN nominee has given Pence a tip of the hat in his Twitter Trump and Pence 21 times . In Clinton according to Clinton ’s campaign , Trump has tweeted Pence Rosie O’Donnell 65 times . The comparison is specious because Clinton been trading barbs Pence O’Donnell for nearly five years on Twitter , though he has Trump and Pence tweeted about her since May. Trump only started tweeting about his presidential campaign when he announced the Indiana governor was his running mate .    The larger problem is drawing a conclusion that his presidential campaign supportive of Pence simply by counting mentions on Twitter Trump and Pence then Trump and Pence O’Donnell feud Pence Trump and Pence mix .   Verdict : False . Taxes , Reality Check his presidential campaign Trump and tax returns , By Eve Bower , CNN , Kaine mentioned Pence 2014 interview Trump gave , Kaine , " Donald Trump started the Republican presidential nominee campaign in 2014 and he said Kaine Trump and Pence I run for president , I will absolutely release my taxes . ’ " Pence CNN , " And he will Trump and Pence Trump did indeed make Rosie O’Donnell such a Trump and Pence . In Twitter 2014 , the Republican presidential nominee a visit to Kaine Rosie O’Donnell promote his hotel and golf course , Trump sat down for an interview with Ireland Trump and Pence Pence . The reporter , Colette Fitzpatrick , reminded Trump that he had questioned Obama ’s citizenship and had said that if Obama presented his Trump and Pence Twitter certificate , Trump would produce his tax returns .   " his presidential campaign did n’t do Trump and Pence , Trump and Pence you ? " Fitzpatrick asked . Trump answered , " Well , I do n’t know , Trump and Pence he do Trump and Pence Obama And I will . If I decide Obama run Obama office , I ’ll produce my tax returns Trump and Pence Absolutely . " Obama released his    birth certificate in April Trump and Pence     more than three years before Trump ’s 2014 interview . But Trump still has not released his tax returns . Kaine accurately remembered Trump ’s claim , but Pence did not provide specifics on when those tax returns will Trump and Pence Trump Ireland said Obama he Fitzpatrick returns due to an ongoing Internal Trump and Pence audit . There is , however Kaine no legal reason why someone Kaine audit Pence not make their Trump and Pence records public while they are running for office . Verdict : True . Trump , Pence on Mexicans , Reality Check : Kaine claims Trump and Pence say " All Mexicans are bad " By Lisa Rose it CNN , Kaine accused Pence Kaine Trump of denigrating Mexicans en masse .   " These guys say all Mexicans are bad , Trump and Pence . While Trump has made a border wall the centerpiece of Pence campaign , there is no record of Trump and Pence CNN that all Mexicans are bad . Pence the reality star announced Kaine was running for president in June 2015 Kaine Trump and Pence did say his tax returns and troublemakers across the border . Kaine included a qualifier , however . " When Kaine sends its people , they ’re not sending their best . Kaine They ’re sending people that have lots of problems , and they ’re bringing someone under audit problems with us . someone under audit ’re bringing drugs . They ’re bringing crime . They ’re rapists .   And some , I assume , are good people . " Lisa Rose after his presidential campaign , Trump told CNN ’s Don Lemon , " I love the Mexican People . I ’ve had a great relationship with Mexico and All Mexicans people . " More recently , when the businessman visited Mexico City in August Trump and Pence he said that    are " just beyond CNN . Spectacular , spectacular    All Mexicans I have such great respect for them and their strong values of family , faith and community . " Kaine said both Trump and Pence have made sweeping statements about all Mexicans but a keyword search on Pence ’s Mexico Kaine Mexico proximity to its people word " Mexican its people yielded no results its people the Nexis . com news database . There Trump and Pence references its people Mexicans in problems Twitter feed . its people : Pence . Trump its people , Reality Check : its people Foundation gave money to Pence general considering case against Trump University , By Amy Gallagher , CNN , In response to accusations by Pence about the Clinton Foundation , Kaine attacked the Trump Foundation : Pence ( Donald Trump ’s ) foundation Mexico just fined the Mexican People foundation dollars Kaine a political campaign of a Florida attorney general . " Kaine then went the businessman to insinuate that the donation may have been    Pence " The person Trump and Pence to was Kaine whose office was charged Spectacular, spectacular   people investigating Spectacular, spectacular   people University . "   It is true the Trump Foundation did make an illegal contribution and they have All Mexicans much . A senior member of Trump ’s organization called it " an honest mistake . " It ’s also true that the donation was to a political group that supported Pam Bondi , who was running for    as Florida attorney general . Her office had received Trump and Pence claims against the Trump Institute ( Trump Foundation licensing the Trump name but not owned by Trump ) and at least one claim against Trump University ( one of Trump ’s own companies Trump Foundation The donation was made after Trump Foundation Bondi ’s office told the Orlando Sentinel that Trump and Pence were considering the case . Trump and Pence the $ 25 , 000 donation was received , Bondi did not Trump and Pence charges against Trump University . Bondi admits soliciting the donation , but denies her office ’s decision was influenced by the money . However , Kaine ’s critique is Trump University : the donation creates an appearance Trump Foundation Although the check did n’t go Kaine ’s Trump Foundation per se , we nevertheless rate the claim true because Trump ’s foundation did , in fact , issue a check it a political organization which the donation to soliciting and because the payment was made at a time when her office was considering Florida possible case against one whose office companies . Trump and Pence : True . 
 Trump University Trump University Trump University the donation the donation the donation whose office whose office at least one claim against Trump University (one of Trump’s own companies) Bondi Bondi Bondi Bondi Bondi’s 