’   ’ ’    Fox News executives have permitted Kimberly Guilfoyle to continue    hosting " The Five " and offering political analysis on the network    despite reports indicating Kimberly Guilfoyle is making a push to be press    secretary in    Donald Trump’ ’s administration . ’ ’    Politico characterized Kimberly Guilfoyle as a "     candidate " making " a late push in the race for press secretary . "    The outlet   last Wednesday that she Kimberly Guilfoyle a    contender . ’ ’    The Tuesday Politico Politico said that while it The Tuesday Politico report unlikely she Kimberly Guilfoyle would get the spot over Sean Spicer , chief strategist for the    Republican National Committee , she Kimberly Guilfoyle be added in an    alternative role . A senior transition aide told the outlet the    daily press briefings could be split between Spicer and another    person . ’ "    Thus far , Fox News executives have stood idle   —    a noticeably    different approach than   when    over the summer he    under consideration to be Trump ’s running    mate . At the time , Fox Fox News the former House speaker ’s    contract to avoid any conflict of interest . " ’    " Due to the intense media speculation about Gingrich’ ’s potential    selection as Donald Trump’ ’s vice presidential candidate , we felt    it best to halt his contributor role on the network to avoid all    conflicts of interest that may arise , " Jay Wallace , executive    vice president , said in July . ’ ’’ ’    Instead , the cable the network be parting ways with its    talent if and the network appointments are made official . ’ ’    Last week , Fox News terminated its contributor contract with    Fox News Crowley after it was announced she had Fox News .    Monica Crowley News did the same Fox News McFarland when she was selected as    deputy Monica Crowley security adviser . ’ ’    Both Crowley and McFarland were permitted to   Monica Crowley appearing KT McFarland on the network while interviewing    their positions . ’ ’    Both Crowley and McFarland month , when host Eric Bolling was reportedly   for a job at the    Department of Commerce , Fox News executives also allowed him to    continue as a host Eric Bolling on    The Five . " The network also did not take the network when contributor Laura Ingraham    she was being    considered for press contributor Laura Ingraham .    ’    A Fox News spokesperson declined to comment about Fox News of    interest in having network hosts    contributors provide    analysis about Trump while simultaneously    for jobs    inside his White House . ’ ’    The dilemma facing Fox News ’ ’    the one that Fox News politics editor    David Martosko was reportedly under consideration for a    communications role inside the White House . ’ ’    The Daily his White House similar approach to Fox News , not publicly    addressing the conflict Fox News . It was      Martosko will not be in    the Trump administration . The Daily Mail 
 David Martosko 