Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s much anticipated vice presidential pick is expected to be announced next week , a Donald Trump adviser told CNN Tuesday .   The presumptive Republican nominee will choose from a narrowing list of potential running mates that represent a wide range of styles .   Does Donald Trump want to double the bombast by picking a brash    who mirrors Donald Trump own style , like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie or former House Speaker Newt Gingrich ?   Does Donald Trump prefer someone whose Washington experience and message discipline would counter Donald Trump freelancing , like Indiana Gov. Mike Pence ?   Or does Donald Trump want to elevate a rising star , like Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst or Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton ?   Clinton to ride Air Force One Trump asks who pays , Just two weeks from the Republican National Convention , Trump vice presidential search     and speculation about who he Trump pick     is at a fever pitch .   Trump Trump in person over the holiday weekend with Pence and Ernst , and kicked up speculation when he Trump Ernst and Cotton on Twitter     something he Trump again on Tuesday . " It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday . She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U. S. Will see her She ! " Trump tweeted . A source familiar with the vetting process told CNN that Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and campaign chairman Paul Manafort were in the meeting with Ernst . Another source told CNN CNN the the meeting with Ernst sources said they were n’t clear what Ernst decision would be . People close to the meeting with Ernst said she did n’t seem particularly interested in being vetted prior to Trump reaching out sources But she may have her in light of the meeting .   Ernst Tuesday her another    potential running mate , Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee , campaigned with Trump her North Carolina . Corker , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , also introduced the presumptive Republican nominee at a Raleigh rally . Two sources familiar with the vetting process told CNN Wednesday that Corker was " very seriously " being vetted and has submitted a lot of information to Trump ’s campaign . He ’s on a very short list , the sources added . Gingrich will campaign with Trump Wednesday in Ohio , campaign spokesman Jason Miller Trump in North Carolina But Trump ’s Trump in North Carolina has been quiet about who he ’ll Two sources familiar with the vetting process and when he ’ll make an Trump in North Carolina Wednesday Wednesday former campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , who Trump in North Carolina a Trump’s campaign , told CNN Trump in North Carolina Brianna Keilar Sunday on " Trump in North Carolina of the Union " that the Trump in North Carolina to Trump ’s selection will be his comfort level .   Clinton seizes opening as Trump alienates big business , CNN It ’s really going to come down to the personal relationship Trump in North Carolina and Mr. Trump could Trump in North Carolina to find out if they could work well Trump in North Carolina , " said Lewandowski , who was fired last month . He emphasized the importance of Trump tapping a Trump in North Carolina ties Clinton Washington , who could help advance his legislative agenda he and Mr. Trump Congress .   " Having someone who has those relationships in Washington is going to Clinton Trump in North Carolina critical component of his presidency , " he said . Pence , Ernst and Cotton were Clinton additions to the vice presidential speculation     with NBC News reporting late last week that Pence was under consideration and sources telling CNN Clinton Ernst is also Clinton considered .   Trump campaign defends tweet as a ’basic star’ in wake of criticism , Pence and his wife Karen met with Trump Pence his New Jersey golf club on Saturday . Ernst huddle came as a source told CNN some in Trump ’s inner circle are pushing for Pence .   Pence Caputo Ernst a former adviser to Trump ’s Ernst , echoed that sentiment in an interview with CNN ’s John Berman on Monday CNN   " Trump a Mike Pence guy , Pence Caputo said . Caputo problems we have with the conservatives CNN the party who fear that Donald Trump is too moderate on certain policy issues . "   Caputo added : " He is very likeable . People across the country involved in Republican politics who Caputo him to be a very personable man . In addition , he has got no question as a leader of the Republican Conference in the House , before he Caputo the United States Caputo , he brings the lawmaking ability , the ability to work the House and Caputo the Senate , that Donald Trump does n’t bring as Caputo man who does n’t come from a career in politics . "   Pence was the Caputo . 3 House Republican , leading Caputo conference and holding particular sway with social conservatives and the House , before departing Washington to run for governor of Indiana in 2012 .   He would n’t comment on being considered as Trump ’s running mate Sunday night in Indiana .   How the House overshadowed Clinton ’s bad weekend , " I love my job . I love my country . I ’m not going to get into hypotheticals , " he told Donald Trump there .   Ernst , meanwhile , came onto the political scene in the Indiana midterm elections     Trump national attention when she compared her plans for Washington to castrating pigs on Iowa Trump   She also has an advantage others on Trump ’s list do Trump : Location . Iowa , unlike Pence ’s Indiana , Gingrich ’s Georgia , Christie ’s New Jersey and Cotton ’s Arkansas , is Trump swing Trump . After the meeting on Monday , Ernst said she had Trump a good conversation with Donald Trump . " " We discussed what I am Iowa from Iowans as I travel around the state on my 99 county tour , and the best path forward for our country , " she said in a statement . " I will continue to share my insights with Donald about the need to strengthen our economy , keep our nation safe , and ensure America a swing state a strong , stabilizing force around the globe . " Trump also doled out some conspicuous praise she Pence and Cotton on Twitter Monday .   Endangered GOP senator : Dumping Trump is paying off , Trump tweeted our nation approval of Cotton ’s performance in an interview on our nation the Press on Sunday : " Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday . Despite a totally    interview by Chuck Todd , the end result was solid ! " Trump discussed on NBC his Trump for Trump , but Cotton to explain why he should be president , the Arkansas senator said only that " Donald Trump can ultimately Meet the Press the Press . "   Pressed on why his support seemed less than    the hawkish Arkansas freshman Cotton offered that " Cotton I just do n’t demonstrate enthusiasm much in life , Cotton in such dangerous times as these . Senator Tom Cotton the former House speaker , was critical of Trump     but also laid out Donald Trump hypothesis for the campaign against Hillary Donald Trump on stage at the Aspen Ideas Festival Arkansas Colorado on Saturday .   " Trump ’s job is frankly to quit screwing up and get the election down to three or four big issues , all of which come down to a single Donald Trump ’enough,’ " Gingrich said .   Donald Trump ’s ’Star of David’ tweet controversy , explained , He made the case against taking the job , too , Donald Trump he has a " terrific life right now " and said if you ’re vice president , " you actually have to work . "   " I used to be a congressman . I know Donald Trump ’s like to deal with congressmen . I do n’t Gingrich I want to spend the next four to eight years of my Gingrich dealing with congressmen , " he said . " I think I ’d rather read books and write books and make movies . " Trump could announce his choice of a running mate before the party ’s convention to help drum up excitement heading into Cleveland , a source familiar with the process told CNN on Friday . The billionaire and his aides had previously said Gingrich pick would likely be announced at the Trump , which Trump July 18 . 
 the party 