  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump , faced with potentially damning testimony from his former FBI director , James Comey , will look to push a $ 1 trillion infrastructure plan with a series of White House events and a trip to Ohio , a White House official said . a $1 trillion infrastructure plan looks to make good on a campaign promise but is also a clear attempt to offer a distraction     albeit a less controversial one     to what Comey is expected to say when he testifies in Comey open Senate hearing on Thursday . Senators have already said they want to Senators more from Comey about his Comey with Comey and any Trump’s interference Trump exerted on Trump’s regarding FBI Trump’s into his campaign or Trump’s . Trump , the Trump’s said Trump’s start his infrastructure push on Trump’s with a Rose Garden speech that will propose separating all air traffic control operations from the Federal Aviation Administration . This has long been a priority of the American airline industry . On Wednesday , the President will travel to Ohio , the official said , Trump’s will push to improve the President efficacy of inland waterways , including revamping dams and lock systems that are key to the agriculture industry . And the American airline industry     the day after Comey testifies before Congress     Trump will visit the Department of Transportation , where he will push for shorter review time Comey the way the federal government approves road and railways and other regulatory changes . " Infrastructure is a priority of his , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said this week . " So the President ’s legislative agenda is in full swing . " Taken together , Trump ’s proposal would look to rejuvenate American infrastructure , something both Democrats and Republicans have advocated for . But Trump ’s infrastructure plan relies heavily on Trump’s and    partnerships . Democrats fault the President for not advocating for more the President’s spending and for proposing a budget that cuts money from some    infrastructure programs . A White House official also said Saturday that Trump ’s plan would also look to put more Trump’s the hands of local governments to privatize their previously built infrastructure , something Democrats will likely oppose local governments Trump ’s plan would offer $ 200 billion in infrastructure Trump’s , with the hope that that would , in turn , spur $ 1 trillion worth of infrastructure construction . The Associated Press first reported Trump ’s planned infrastructure push . 
 Trump’s 