Follow Breitbart News for livewire coverage of Sunday ’s    remembrances . This morning in New York City , Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton left a    memorial ceremony early for what several reports have dubbed a medical episode . [ UPDATE 10:52 P. M. ET ,   Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is calling off plans to visit California on Monday and Tuesday following her Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton at the    memorial . From the Associated Press : WHITE PLAINS , N. Y.   —    Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton plans to visit the West Coast on Monday and Tuesday following Monday and Tuesday at Tuesday    memorial . Clinton abruptly the   memorial ceremony on Sunday morning and needed to be held up by three people before she appeared to stumble Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton a curb and was helped into a van . Several hours later , her campaign revealed she Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton diagnosed with Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Friday and advised to rest . Her doctor said Sunday Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton that Clinton had become overheated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton dehydrated at the event in lower Manhattan . Dr. Lisa R. Bardack says Clinton is now ‘ Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton recovering nicely ’’ at home . UPDATE 6:52 P. M. ET , No answers on whether Clinton will attend    Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . To reiterate , she has no public Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton scheduled until Wednesday . Aides still unclear on whether Clinton will amend her Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . She Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton slated to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to SF tomorrow for a fundraiser , LA later that night .   —    Ruby Cramer ( @rubycramer ) September 11 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:44 P. M. ET , Wikileaks arguing that video shows " lack of consciousness . " A close up of Hillary Clinton ’s collapse shows her foot dragging and unresponsive suggesting lack of Hillary Clinton’s https :   .    —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) September 11 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:25 P. M. ET , Clinton ’s doctor says she was diagnosed with pneumonia   —    Clinton Friday . Dr. Lisa R. Bardack , M. D. Clinton ’s doctor , says the Democratic nominee has pneumonia . Full statement : pic . twitter .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) September 11 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:05 P. M. ET , From Politico : " Clinton scare shakes up the race : Physical weakness caught on camera turns health conspiracy into a legitimate campaign concern . " Even as reporters waited for more details about the health scare , supporters   —    for the first time   —    were quietly pressuring a candidate who has been reluctant to share details about her health and personal life to become more transparent to avoid a    of doubt that could help an even less forthcoming Trump . " The Clintons have this notion that they only go as far as they need The Clintons " in terms of disclosure The Clintons said an ally close to the former president and current Democratic nominee . " They ca n’t afford to approach this that The Clintons . " UPDATE 5:00 P. M. ET , CNN ’s MJ Lee says that the Clinton campaign has been silent for hours since its initial statement . She quotes a law the Clinton campaign official as stating MJ Lee " appeared to faint . " UPDATE MJ Lee P. M. ET , From Breitbart Tech : Twitter ’s Trending section has not included any phrase regarding Hillary Clinton ’s collapse outside New York City ’s    memorial service Sunday morning , despite capturing the attention of reporters across the political spectrum and spawning multiple hashtags . UPDATE 3:31 P. M. ET , CNN ’s Dylan Byers reports on the frustration from Clinton ’s press pool that they were shut Hillary Clinton’s of covering exactly what Clinton’s press pool this morning : With less than sixty days until the election , neither Clinton nor Donald Trump has allowed for what Hillary Clinton’s known as a " protective pool , " a rotating group of reporters that travel with a candidate in order to provide a     account of their activities . Without a protective pool , Clinton’s press pool was able to leave the memorial site Hillary Clinton’s reporters , travel to her daughter Chelsea Clinton ’s apartment without reporters Clinton’s York City for her home in Chappaqua , New York , without reporters . Clinton’s left Clinton ’s press pool scrambling to follow her Hillary Clinton’s Manhattan and up to Chappaqua , Hillary Clinton’s a step behind . UPDATE 3:10 P. M. ET , Vox ’s Jeff Stein agrees that today ’s events will lead to more pressure on Clinton and Trump to release their medical records Hillary Clinton’s Calling this the " central debate " Clinton and Trump the presidential election may be a step too far . But at the very least , it suggest [ sic ] we ’ll hear increased calls for this Clinton and Trump to release their full medical Hillary Clinton’s as November draws near Trump UPDATE 3:07 both Clinton and Trump M. ET , David Usborne , Chief North America correspondent for The Independent , writes : " Hillary Clinton must reassure an uncertain nation that Hillary Clinton’s in good medical shape after    memorial Hillary Clinton’s . " We know where slipping and sliding and pretending nothing is awry gets you . The mess over the private email server you used while Secretary of State would n’t still be the number one preoccupation of your political enemies if only you had n’t been so reluctant to admit your errors at the outset . It seemed awfully like you might be doing something similar when you emerged from your daughter ’s apartment building at noon on Sunday and declared breezily that it was a " beautiful day in New York " . Trying to distract the media from the issue at hand with comments about the weather wo n’t work . UPDATE 2:56 P. M. ET , Scott Adams : " Clinton just became unelectable . " If humans were rational creatures , the time and place of Clinton ’s " overheating " would n’t matter at all . But Clinton it comes to American psychology , there is no more powerful symbol of terrorism and fear than    . When a       withers   —    literally   —    in front of our most emotional reminder of an attack on the homeland , we feel unsafe . And safety is our first priority . Hillary our just became unelectable . UPDATE 2:38 our M. ET , The Huffington Post , keeping everything in perspective : UPDATE 2:23 P. M. ET , From Breitbart TV : Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet The Press , " while commenting on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton having to leave during the    memorial service , former Hillary Clinton " Nightly News " anchor Tom Brokaw said of Democratic NBC NBC Clinton , " I think that she should go to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton neurologist , and get a clean report if it Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton available to her . " Full video here . UPDATE 2:16 P. M. ET , Drudge picks up on this Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton from the New York Times : A campaign spokesman did n’t immediately respond to questions about whether Sunday ’s incident was related to her medication or allergies . Amy Chozick ,    on this report , penned a piece Tuesday that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton a quote from Clinton herself about taking a " load " of antihistamines , as she blamed allergies for her    coughing Clinton at a Cleveland campaign rally . UPDATE 2:02 P. M. Clinton , Dr. Raymond Clinton   —    who describes himself as a political independent , and is the father of Breitbart editor Joel B. Pollak   —    describes how he would diagnose a patient exhibiting symptoms like today ’s fainting episode . Work up for a 68 himself old female who faints includes a thorough     evaluation and going through the algorithm of :       ( drugs , alcohol ,    i. e. Cardiac arrhythmia , anemia , vasovagal      In the ER , the competent clinician would examine her thoroughly and run a series of blood tests , EKG , as well as a    of the competent clinician skull . Overnight observation might be necessary depending on the clinical circumstances . At least , this is the protocol for the average citizen . Whether Mrs. Clinton will receive this kind of evaluation or be pandered to and receive the " usual " the competent clinician of the rich and famous remains to be seen . At the very least , reassurance from a recognized and competent medical authority will be necessary to reassure the country that her health is no impediment to her candidacy for the highest office in the land . UPDATE 1:23 P. the competent clinician ET , Video of Hillary the competent clinician vehicle in Chappaqua . . @HillaryClinton arrives at home in # Chappequa after health scare at    ceremony @HillaryClinton twitter .    —    Morgan Radford ( @MorganRadford ) September 11 , 2016 ,   the ceremony P. M. ET , CNN ’s Kirsten Powers , who worked in CNN Clinton ’s White House , calls on Clinton to release medical Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . I do n’t consider a coughing fit or being overheated " medical issues " but Clinton should still release Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton medical records   …     As should Trump ,   —    Kirsten Powers ( @KirstenPowers ) September 11 Trump 2016 ,   UPDATE 1:20 P. M. ET , Arrival in Chappaqua . Hillary Clinton has just arrived back at her home in Chappaqua , per Hillary Clinton   —    Liz Kreutz ( Hillary Clinton ) September 11 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 1:19 P. M. ET , Rep. Peter King ( . Y. ) who was with Trump at the ceremony , tells me Trump was quickly informed about Trump , soon after Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton left . Trump —    Robert Costa ( @costareports ) September Trump , 2016 ,   King : " It was actually Trump who told me what was going on . He leaned over Trump told me that ‘ Hillary was n’t feeling Trump I said , ‘ Really ? ’ "   —    Robert Costa ( @costareports Hillary September 11 , 2016 ,     UPDATE 1:04 P. M. ET ‘ Chris Cillizza at the Washington Post : " Hillary Clinton ’s health just became a real Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign . " What [ Nick Merrill ’s ] statement leaves out is that a ) it came 90 minutes after Clinton left the ceremony b ) reporters   —    or Hillary Clinton’s a reporter   —    were not allowed to follow her and c ) the temperature the ceremony York City at Hillary Clinton’s time of Clinton ’s overheating was in the low New York City A Hillary Clinton’s wave over the eastern United States broke last    morning . ) Five days ago , Chris Cillizza at the Washington Post : " Can we just stop talking about Hillary Clinton ’s health now ? " UPDATE 12:43 P. Hillary Clinton’s Brutal description of the van entry : the Washington Post on Clinton being put in van : " They threw Hillary Clinton’s health Hillary Clinton’s a side of beef " https :   .    —    Betsy Woodruff ( @woodruffbets ) September 11 , 2016 ,   A source told Woodruff that Clinton lost a shoe , just her Fox ’s Leventhal first reported . Hillary Clinton’s 12:39 P. M. ET , Second video angle . This IS NOT heat related . # HillarysHealth pic . twitter .    —    John Cardillo ( @johncardillo ) September 11 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:31 P. M. ET , Clinton ’s press corps in the dark . Per pool campaign says Clinton Clinton’s home to chappaqua . Reporters are still holding in manhattan Hillary Clinton’s No word on if she saw a doctor ,   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) Manhattan 11 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:23 P. M. ET Chappaqua CNN political contributor Bakari Sellers admits : " Does she need to CNN more [ medical records ] ? That is a legitimate question to ask . " UPDATE 12:19 P. M. ET , CNN reports Clinton is headed to Chappaqua . She does not have CNN political contributor Bakari Sellers CNN rallies Hillary Clinton’s until Wednesday , September 14th Hillary Clinton’s UPDATE 12:16 P. M. ET , Clinton walks unassisted for the cameras outside Chelsea ’s apartment . UPDATE 12:06 Hillary Clinton’s M. ET , Cheers as Hillary leaves Chelsea Clinton ’s apartment . " How are you feeling , Secretary Clinton ? Are you feeling better ? " A reporter asks . Hillary Clinton’s Hillary thank you very much , " Clinton responds . Clinton just left her daughters apartment . When asked how she Hillary Clinton’s feeling , Hillary Clinton’s said , Hillary Clinton’s Great . I ’m feeling great Hillary Clinton’s "   — Hillary Clinton’s Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) September 11 , 2016 ,   Here Chelsea Clinton’s apartment leaving Chelsea ’s apartment . ( A little girl came up to Hillary Clinton’s a hug ) pic . twitter .    —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) September 11 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:03 P. M. ET Chelsea’s apartment and    Martin Shkreli was outside Chelsea ’s apartment and taunted Clinton . A little girl , Martin Shkreli , former CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals , was outside Hillary Clinton’s Clinton ’s apartment departure pic . twitter .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN Hillary Clinton’s 11 , Chelsea Chelsea’s He Chelsea’s apartment Why are you so sick ! " when Hillary Clinton walked out . https :   .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) September 11 , 2016 ,   UPDATE Hillary Clinton M. ET , A video from Twitter user Zdenek Gazda   —    apparently a New Jersey resident , who also took video of Donald Trump appearing at the event   —    shows Clinton ’s security detail dragging her into the same van pictured outside Trump ’s apartment Hillary Clinton’s Donald Trump    NYC Hillary Clinton’s A video posted by Zdenek Gazda ( @zgazda66 ) on Sep 11 , 2016 at 7:48am PDT ,   Hillary Clinton@   NYC pic . twitter .    —    Zdenek Gazda ( @zgazda66 ) September 11 , Chelsea Clinton’s Hillary Clinton    NYC pic . twitter .    —    Zdenek Gazda ( @zgazda66 ) September 11 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:24 A. M. ET Hillary Clinton Merica , CNN ’s Clinton reporter , snaps a photo of outside Chelsea Clinton CNN Manhattan apartment —   and says Hillary Clinton’s Clinton ’s van and Secret Service detail are outside . Clinton Hillary Clinton’s secret service detail is Manhattan outside Chelsea Clinton ’s Manhattan apartment building . pic . Hillary Clinton’s .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) September 11 , 2016 , Chelsea Clinton’s , Manhattan to Politico Playbook quoting USA Today ’s Eliza Collins —   Clinton ’s pool reporter on Sunday —   " the campaign kept her in the dark about Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s " UPDATE 11:15 A. M. ET , More media are confirming that Hillary Clinton had a Hillary Clinton’s . . @HillaryClinton was helped into a van when she fainted and @realDonaldTrump was informed about it before the presidential campaign @jamesfordtv reports .   —    Hillary Clinton ( @MylesMill ) September 11 , 2016 —  Clinton’s pool reporter on Sunday —  "   Clinton left the    ceremony 30 + @HillaryClinton ago but press pool was not @HillaryClinton to where . Aides now Hillary Clinton’s Hillary Clinton’s any Qs about her whereabouts ,   —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) September 11 , 2016 ,   And now even the Clinton campaign confirms that she indeed did have a medical episode . UPDATE : Clinton campaign says she had to leave    Hillary Clinton’s because she felt Hillary Clinton’s overheated " https :   .   pic . Hillary Clinton’s .    Hillary Clinton’s    The Qs ( @thehill ) Hillary Clinton’s 11 , 2016 ,   Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill issued the statement that she was " overheated " the presidential campaign departed " to head to her daughter Hillary Clinton’s Clinton ’s nearby apartment , according to Hillary Clinton’s News . " Secretary Clinton attended the September 11th Commemoration Ceremony Hillary Clinton’s just an hour and thirty minutes this morning to pay her respects and Hillary Clinton’s Hillary Clinton’s the families of the fallen , " Merrill said . " During the ceremony , she felt Hillary Clinton’s so departed to go to her daughter ’s apartment , and is feeling much better . " UPDATE 11:03 A. Hillary Clinton’s ET , A producer for Lawrence O’Donnell Hillary Clinton’s MSNBC program , The Last Word , has also heard from the ceremony enforcement sources that Clinton had a " medical episode " at the    Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill . Two senior law enforcement sources tell NBC News that Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton’s ill and her daughter Chelsea Clinton at the    Memorial .   —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) September 11 , 2016 ,   The MSNBC reporting confirms earlier reporting by Fox Hillary Clinton . Corroborates Fox News report that Clinton had " medical episode " at    memorial https :   . the   Memorial   .    —    Oliver Darcy CBS News ) September 11 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 10:55 A. M. ET , Breitbart News has obtained video of a Hillary Clinton staffer , pool press secretary Varun Arund , saying he does not know what was happening with his own CBS News the    memorial . " Is the motorcade still here ? " a Hillary Clinton asked Arund . " I do n’t know , " Hillary Clinton Clinton staffer responded . " Is Scooby Hillary Clinton here ? Is Scooby still here ? Is CBS News way you could go to Hillary Clinton’s street and just check if Scooby is still here and let us know ? " the reporter followed up . " I do n’t have the   Memorial " Arund , Clinton ’s spokesman , Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton " Sorry . " The video , which was shot by Breitbart News’ Jennifer Lawrence , a Hillary Clinton staffer, pool press secretary Varun Arund female reporter confirming that the Clinton campaign has blocked reporters from Scooby the area they were kept in . " Since we ca n’t walk to the street   Scooby     " the female reporter said , before the a female reporter off .   The Clinton campaign has not responded to press inquiries about Arund Hillary Clinton suddenly departed the    the presidential campaign UPDATE 10:34 A. M. ET Hillary Clinton’s Hillary Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill —   and the Clinton campaign —   have not responded to multiple requests for comment from Breitbart Hillary Clinton According to multiple Breitbart News reporters on the Hillary Clinton’s the presidential campaign outlets are Hillary Clinton what happened with Clinton —   but are a female reporter the details thus far . More details are forthcoming . UPDATE 10:29 A. M. ET , Hillary Clinton’s Henry is the presidential campaign Clinton the   Memorial purposefully keeping reporters in the dark . Press pool says Hillary Clinton’s kept completely in the dark " about why @HillaryClinton abruptly left    event https : CBS News    —    Ed Henry CBS News ) September 11 , 2016 ,   Press pool says reporters " being kept completely in the dark " about why @HillaryClinton abruptly left    event https :   .    —    Ed Henry @HillaryClinton @edhenry ) September 11 , 2016 ,   The original story by Mona Salama begins below . NEW YORK CITY   —    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton reportedly fainted on the way to her @HillaryClinton after she abruptly the dark    memorial September 11, 2016,   , having to be helped into her vehicle by a protective Hillary Clinton’s . Clinton Hillary Clinton’s who was here and only about 20 feet away from Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump , was listening along with Trump Hillary Clinton’s the reading of the names lost in the terror attacks on this tragic day 15 years ago . Trump appeared at the ceremony around 8:20 a. m. receiving applause when he arrived , while Clinton arrived Trump before the first bell rang at 8:46 a. m. which is a citywide van silence in observance of Trump the first plane struck the North Tower . Hillary Clinton’s before 9:37 Trump m. —   the time marked for a moment of silence in observance of the flight that struck the Pentagon down just outside Washington , D. C. —   Clinton was seen leaving the ceremony with her press corps in tow . Clinton was leaving through a back entrance , quietly . Several reports have surfaced since Clinton abruptly left Hillary Clinton’s the   memorial ceremony ceremony that she had Hillary Clinton’s medical emergency and fainted on Hillary Clinton’s way to her car . Her U. S. Secret Service protective detail actually had Hillary Clinton’s help carry her into her car , Hillary Clinton’s to a Fox News report from Rick Leventhal . BREAKING Hillary Clinton’s law enf Hillary Clinton’s : Hillary Clinton just left    ceremony    episode , appeared Hillary Clinton’s faint Hillary Clinton’s way into van , helped by security ,   —    RickLeventhalFoxNews ( @RickLeventhal ) September 11 , the   memorial ceremony   Source tells me Hillary Clinton " clearly having some type of medical episode Hillary Clinton had to be helped into van by her protective detail at WTC ,   —    RickLeventhalFoxNews ( @RickLeventhal ) September 11 , 2016 ,   A witness told Leventhal that Clinton ditching the ceremony CBS News unexpected " early departure , and that her her car buckled " as she stumbled off the curb Hillary Clinton lost a shoe when she Hillary Clinton’s . MORE ON # HILLARY per witness the   memorial ceremony unexpected early departure " Hillary Clinton’s stumbled off curb , " Hillary Clinton’s buckled " lost a shoe as she was helped Hillary Clinton’s van ,   —    RickLeventhalFoxNews ( @RickLeventhal ) September 11 , 2016 , 
 the   memorial ceremony Rick Leventhal HILLARY HILLARY 