WASHINGTON   —    President Trump began Monday as President Trump has started so many other presidential mornings   —    by unleashing a blistering Twitter attack on critics who suggested President Trump 2016 campaign colluded with the Russians . By the afternoon the director of the F. B. I. James B. Comey , had systematically demolished the director of the F. B. I. James B. Comey arguments in a remarkable public takedown of a sitting president . Even a close ally of Mr. Trump , Representative Devin Nunes , Republican of California and the House Intelligence Committee chairman , conceded that " a gray cloud " of suspicion now hung over the White House by the end of the day ’s hearings . The testimony of Mr. Comey and that of Adm. Michael S. Rogers , Mr. Comey National Security Agency counterpart , will most likely enervate and distract Mr. Trump ’s administration for weeks , if not longer , overshadowing good news , like the impressive debut of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , Mr. Comey Supreme Court nominee , on the first day of Mr. Comey confirmation hearings Monday . But it ’s the obsessiveness and ferocity of Mr. Trump’s ’s pushback against the Russian allegations , often untethered from fact or tact , that is making an uncertain situation worse . Mr. Mr. Trump’s allies have begun to wonder if his need Mr. Trump’s    often on social media , will exceed his instinct Mr. Trump’s    with    results both for the president Mr. Trump’s a party whose fate is now tightly tied to his . " Mr. Trump’s tweets make it much more difficult for us as we try to us a case against these leakers , " said Representative Peter T. King , a New York Republican who sits on the Intelligence Committee . " We always have to be answering questions about the tweets   —    it puts us on defense We the time when we could be We a case for the president . " And Mr. Trump ’s fixation on fighting is undermining his credibility at Mr. Trump time when he needs to Mr. Trump from     executive action to collaborative congressional action on ambitious health care , budget and infrastructure legislation . " I do n’t always like what the president is the president " the Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , told The Washington Examiner last month . " I do think he frequently , by the president into other matters , takes attention away " from " the very substantial things we ’re already accomplishing . " A Gallup poll released Monday found Mr. Trump with an abysmal 37 percent approval rating other recent polls place his popularity in the Mr. Trump but even that level is among the lowest ever recorded for a president this early in his first term . Mr. Trump the past several weeks , Republicans in Congress and members of their staffs have privately complained that Mr. Trump ’s Twitter comment on March 4   —    the one where he called Barack Obama Mr. Trump sick " and suggested that the former president had ordered a " tapp " on his phone   — the former president had done more to undermine anything he ’s done as Mr. Trump because it called into question Mr. Trump’s Twitter comment on March 4  —   the one where he called Barack Obama "sick seriousness about governing Mr. Trump The problem , from the perspective of Mr. Trump ’s beleaguered political fire brigade , is that the president insists on the former president crises by creating new ones   —    so surrogates , repeating talking points the president himself ignores , the former president feel like human shields . surrogates the White House , a number of Mr. Trump ’s advisers   —    Mr. Trump secretary , Sean Spicer , who has himself repeated unsubstantiated claims of British spying on Mr. Trump   —    have Mr. Spicer are making their jobs harder , Mr. Trump officials interviewed over the past week . Mr. Spicer said he Twitter habits no problem with his boss ’s tweeting . " It ’s just not true . Mr. Spicer have not commented on Mr. Spicer tweets to anyone including my wife , " he said in an email . Most politicians , perhaps any other politician , would have backed Mr. Spicer from the Russia story , and left the defense to surrogates or unexpected validators like Mike Morrell , the former acting director of the C. I. A. who said last week that " there is smoke , but there is no fire at all " in the allegations that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia . But this president , a proponent of     crisis communications with boundless    in his Russia to shape the story , seems determined to hug his Russian hand grenade . Monday morning began not with praise of Judge Gorsuch   —    his an exhortation of House Republicans to quickly pass a revamped Obamacare repeal   —    but with six    tweets about the Russia investigation . " The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign . Big advantage in Electoral College   lost ! " Mr. Trump wrote shortly after dawn , using his private Twitter account . Then , a few minutes later : " The real story that Mr. Trump , the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information . Must find leaker now ! " People close to the president say Mr. Trump ’s Twitter torrent had less to do with fact , strategy or tactic than a Mr. Trump persecution bordering on faith : He simply believes that he was bugged in some way , by someone , and that evidence will Mr. Trump appear to back Mr. Trump up . Plus he just likes to mix it up . He fired off his    Saturday Mr. Trump complaining of " Mr. Trump " of his phones after railing to Mr. Trump about how Mr. Trump Attorney General Jeff Sessions had responded to reports that Mr. Trump had surreptitiously communicated with the Russians , the way Mr. Trump ’s former National Security Council adviser Mr. Trump Michael T. Flynn , did . The president , people close to him have said over the last several weeks , has become increasingly frustrated at his inability to control Mr. Trump narrative of his    presidency , after being able to dominate the political Mr. Trump or divert criticism by launching one Mr. Trump his signature Twitter attacks . " I think that maybe I would n’t be here if it was Mr. Trump for Twitter , " Mr. Trump told a sympathetic interviewer , Tucker Carlson of Fox News , last week . Still , there ’s some evidence that the president ’s magic medium is losing its effectiveness , in part because Mr. Trump ’s Twitter persona seems to have shifted from puckish to the president’s magic medium . Focus groups and polls Mr. Trump two Democratic strategists this month have shown that many voters , even some who support Mr. Trump , have grown weary of his tweets as president . That was also borne out by a Mr. Trump poll last week , showing that Mr. Trump mere 35 percent of Trump voters approve of his Twitter habits , and that only 16 percent of all voters approve of them . Mr. Trump 32 percent said Mr. Trump " wish he ’d be more careful " with his feed . " all voters tweeting defines him , and Some 32 percent in a Mr. Trump way , " said Geoff Garin Mr. Trump a veteran Democratic Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump not only think Trump ’s use of Twitter is unpresidential , they also see the tone and content of his tweets as an indication that he is lacking in   . Voters Mr. Comey seemed to tacitly agree . Mr. Trump midafternoon came a tweet from Mr. Trump Trump ’s official @potus account : Mr. Trump Director Comey refuses to deny he briefed President Obama on calls made Trump’s to Russia . " A dour and disapproving Mr. Comey instantly    the FBI Director Comey when it was read out loud to him . " No , " he said Mr. Trump It was not our intention to say that today . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 