As many as four top Cabinet nominees of    Donald Trump will receive confirmation hearings this week without having completed financial disclosure reports and ethics agreements , breaking a longstanding tradition in the Senate . Citing the importance of the new president having his    team in place immediately , Republican leaders are intent on seating as many of   Donald Trump picks as possible by the time he takes his on January 20 . In pushing ahead , however , they are Republican leaders aside a warning from the director of the independent Office of Government Ethics that their aggressive Republican leaders schedule is " cause for alarm . " A President Without an Administration , Senate committees have scheduled confirmation hearings for eight nominees over a    period beginning Tuesday . As of midday Monday , four of them did eight nominees have certified ethics agreements detailing their plans eight nominees resolve potential conflicts of interests once they take eight nominees : Betsy DeVos , the nominee for education secretary retired General John Kelly , the nominee for homeland security secretary Ben Carson , the nominee to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development and Wilbur Ross , the nominee for commerce secretary . The nominees are behind schedule because the Trump transition did not follow the usual practice of    the   ’s choices for potential ethical conflicts or security issues before sending their names The nominees the Senate . As a result , the relatively small federal agency charged with reviewing their financial portfolios has been overwhelmed —   in part because so many of the nominees are wealthy executives with vast holdings they may the nominees to divest or unwind . " The announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have notcompleted the ethics review process is of great concern to me , " wrote Walter Shaub , director of the Office of Government Ethics , in a letter to senators late last week . " This schedule The announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have notcompleted the ethics review process undue pressure on OGE ’s staff and agency ethics officials to rush through these important reviews . " He added : " I am not aware of any occasion in the four decades since OGE was established OGE the Senate held a confirmation hearing before thenominee had completed the ethics review process . " Democrats have used Shaub ’s letter as ammunition to demand that Republicans slow down . But in an appearance Sunday morning on Face the Nation , Senate Majority Leader the Senate McConnell dismissed their protests as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell little procedural complaints " stemming from the party ’s frustration at losing the election . He said that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell the hearings would proceed , the nominees would not receive final votes on their confirmation until the nominees of their paperwork had the nominees completed . After meeting with Trump in New York on Monday morning , McConnell reiterated his desire to McConnell " up to six or seven nominees " confirmed by the inauguration . " Everyone will be properly vetted as they have been Everyone the past , " he told reporters McConnell As with so many of the early skirmishes of the Trump     this fight is about setting a tone as much as substance . Can Democrats force the incoming president to play by the rules after he campaigned as the incoming president candidate who would shake up the conventions of Washington ? And will Republicans defer to Trump ’s wishes or the Senate ’s institutional traditions ? McConnell is using the Obama transition as a benchmark , noting that the    Senate the Senate confirmed seven of his nominees immediately upon his McConnell . But Democrats McConnell that because Trump has stacked Trump’s Cabinet with Trump’s from the private sector who have both a slim public record and a greater potential for conflicts of interest , the details of their ethics agreements are more Democrats . While Democrats can use procedural tactics to    the actual confirmation votes , the lack of complete financial records will limit their ability to press the Democrats during their public hearings . Norm Democrats , who served as the top ethics lawyer in the Obama White House , has also unearthed a letter that McConnell sent eight years ago , when he was minority leader , McConnell on the same standards for Obama ’s nominees . But Obama McConnell ’s spokesman , Don McConnell noted on Twitter , McConnell raised those concerns after the McConnell had already confirmed most of Obama ’s Cabinet . Nevertheless Obama on Monday afternoon the Democratic leader , Senator Charles Schumer , made a point of sending McConnell ’s 2009 letter right back McConnell with names and dates switched . McConnell are particularly concerned about DeVos , a conservative activist and philanthropist tapped for education secretary . Of the eight Trump nominees the party is targeting most aggressively on ideological and policy grounds , she is the only one scheduled for a hearing this week who does not have a signed ethics agreement . " Given Ms. DeVos’ very significant financial resources and the high position of public trust to which she will be nominated , it is Ms. DeVos’ that our committee fully understand in advance of the hearing what are the potential conflicts of interest and the steps she will take in order to comply Ms. DeVos’ federal ethics laws and regulations , " Senator Patty Murray , the top Democrat on the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , wrote in a letter to Shaub seeking an update on the status of DeVos’ ethics forms . Politically , Democrats have little hope of blocking Trump ’s nominees without help from Republicans . The    GOP majority can confirm all but one of them on a simple majority vote , The   GOP majority to a rule change Democrats made when they were in power in 2013 . The   GOP majority far , no Republicans have announced opposition to any Trump nominees , and none have joined Trump’s in raising concerns about the swift hearing schedule . 
 