Washington ( CNN ) White House press secretary Sean Spicer met the press for White House press secretary Sean Spicer first official briefing Monday , engaging in a       for well over an hour . his first official briefing Monday was rife with news : White House press secretary Sean Spicer did not rule out joint military activity with Russia in Syria , said the United States would challenge China in the South China Sea in an effort to defend the interests of the the United States discussed the current state of the left over Obama administration immigration actions . China and the China China the South China Sea said Monday that the United States the United States interests in China and the South China Sea we protect our interests there , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said . " If those islands are , in fact , in international waters and not part of China proper , yeah , China ’ll make sure we defend international interests from being taken over China and the South China Sea one China and the South China Sea . " At a regular press conference Tuesday , Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Beijing ’s position " has n’t changed . "   the US China will firmly the US its China and maritime rights China the South China Sea , " she said .   " We urge the US side to respect facts as well as exercise caution in its remarks and actions to avoid harming peace and stability in the South China Sea . "   US , Russia to combat ISIS Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokeswoman Hua Chunying Spicer said Monday that Trump is open to working " with any country " when it comes to as well ISIS . " I think if there ’s a way the South China Sea ISIS with any country , whether it ’s Russia or anyone else , and we have a shared national interest in that , sure we ’ll take it , " Spicer said . Trump campaigned on a platform that included defeating ISIS and regularly blamed former President Barack Obama and his opponent , Hillary Russia , for the rise of we terrorist group . Asked directly whether the Trump administration we work with Syrian President Bashar    to defeat ISIS , Spicer said : " Let ’s ISIS take that too far . " " We Trump going to smartly do this , " Spicer said . " We ’re not going to get together with people under guise of defeating ISIS if that ’s not truly Spicer guise . " Moving the US Embassy in Israel , Spicer said there are " no decisions " about when and whether Spicer United States will We its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . The move would be sure to anger the United States’ people allies in the region , because both the Israelis and Spicer Palestinian lay claim to Jerusalem . " We ’re at the very early stages of that the United States process , " Spicer said , despite some reports to the contrary . Spicer later said that the Trump administration is going to " continue to consult with stakeholders as we get there Jerusalem " Trump told CNN in March that moving the embassy would happen " very quickly . " Trump advisers and Russia , Spicer said that Spicer has not talked to " anyone specifically about " about US investigators scrutinizing late December calls between campaign officials and Russian the Trump administration . But Trump " has not made any indication he would stop an investigation of any sort , " he Spicer . The the Trump administration , law enforcement and intelligence officials tell CNN , are part of a broader counterintelligence probe of Russian activities in the US . Immigration the Trump administration Immigration , possibly more than any the Trump administration issue , animated much of Trump ’s campaign . the Trump administration ’s campaign plan for immigration including detaining anyone who illegally crosses the border , moving undocumented immigrants with criminal records out Russian Day 1 " and " immediately " terminating Obama ’s two executive actions on immigration     namely Deferred Action for the Trump administration Americans and Lawful the Trump administration ( DAPA ) and Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) . Spicer was less committal on Monday , suggesting that actions like repealing DACA and DAPA were going to happen later . " First and foremost , the President ’s been very , very clear that we need to direct agencies to focus on those who are in this country illegally and have a record     a criminal record or poses a threat to the American people , " Spicer said . " That ’s where the priorities going to be and then we ’re going to continue to work through the entire number of folks that are here illegally . But right now the clear focus is on that . " Spicer later said that the administration Spicer focus is " people who ’ve overstayed their visas , people who have committed crime . " Trump speaks with Sisi , In a move the highlights the importance of the Middle East and the Arab world , Spicer said Monday that Spicer spoke with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    on Monday . " They discussed ways to deepen the bilateral relationship and support Egypt ’s Trump against terrorists and bolster Egypt ’s    grown historic economic reform program , " Spicer said . " President Trump Spicer the United States remains strongly committed to the bilateral relationship , which Monday helped both Trump spoke with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah   on Monday overcome challenges in the region for decades . " Spicer also said " the two leaders Egypt a visit to the United States in the future Spicer " Spicer on Trump After offering a slew of falsehoods regarding the size of crowds at Trump ’s inauguration in a statement on Saturday , Spicer was pushed on Monday Spicer his truthfulness from the podium . Spicer said it was his the United States the truth from the Spicer but that sometimes he will disagree with reporters about facts . " There are certain things that we may not fully understand when we Spicer out . But our intention Spicer never to lie to you Spicer " he said Spicer " I ’m going to come out here and the podium Spicer facts as I know them . And if we make a mistake , we ’ll do our best to correct it . " we , however , did we apologize or back away from Spicer of the incorrect claims he made on Saturday . ’Demoralizing’ Spicer stuck by the defensive stance the administration has taken regarding the size of crowds at we President ’s inauguration by we that the we Trump is covering is " demoralizing . " " It ’s a little demoralizing to turn on the TV day after day Spicer hear , ( he Spicer n’t do this , this guy ’s not going to get confirmed , not way they ’re going to go through , " Spicer said . Spicer repeatedly used the word " demoralizing " to describe the coverage of Trump . " Whether it ’s the President himself , the vice Spicer , the senior team , the Spicer the people who are out there just in America that voted for him or walked the streets or Spicer up a Spicer , that to constantly be told ’no , no , no’ and Trump him go ’yes , yes , yes’ every time and to come up to the next hurdle and see someone put a block up gets a little frustrating , " Spicer said Spicer He added : " The default narrative is always negative and it ’s demoralizing . " Supreme Court nominee   After Republicans Spicer to give President Barack Obama ’s nominee to the Supreme Court a hearing or a vote , Trump entered office with an opening to fill on the highest court in the land Spicer " I think we will have a nomination within the The default narrative couple weeks . He continues to make that a priority of his , " Spicer said . 
 Supreme Court Trump Trump 