Chicago ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton , facing direct criticism about Hillary Clinton trustworthiness from rival Donald Trump , admitted Monday Hillary Clinton needs to do more to earn voters’ trust . " I personally know I have work to do on this front , " Hillary Clinton said at a Rainbow Push Collation luncheon , from prepared remarks . Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee , spoke at length about a deterioration of trust throughout the country and institutions , but argued that Hillary Clinton own trustworthiness issues are a byproduct of politicians looking to score political points and " 25 years’ worth of wild accusations . " " A lot of people tell pollsters A lot of people do n’t trust me . Now I do n’t like hearing that and I have thought a lot about what is behind it , " Hillary Clinton said . Hillary Clinton has long struggled to explain why voters do n’t trust Hillary Clinton , but Monday marked the most thorough and comprehensive attempt Hillary Clinton has made to address the issue during this campaign . " It certainly is true , I have made mistakes . I do n’t know anyone who has n’t , " Hillary Clinton said , while still maintaining outside factors     such as partisan attacks     are also to blame for the perception . Republican National Committee spokesman Michael Short pointed to Clinton ’s email controversy as one      reason for voter distrust . " Clinton need not look further than her Clinton dishonest and reckless conduct for why Americans lack faith in their Americans , " he Clinton in a statement . Trump , looking to drive Clinton Clinton’s poll numbers higher , has started to attack Clinton Clinton Clinton’s He has labeled Trump Clinton Crooked Hillary " and used a speech last week to cast her Clinton a craven politician who is only running to benefit herself Clinton   The strategy is driven by a number of polls which show Clinton Clinton struggling with honesty and trustworthiness in the eyes of the voters . A New York    News poll earlier this year found that 64 % of voters answered " no " when asked if they felt Clinton voters " honest and trustworthy " though the same said that of Trump as well . On Monday , Clinton Clinton she Clinton people having questions about her Clinton acknowledged that she Clinton to earn it . " Now maybe we can persuade people to change their minds by people facts and making arguments to rebut negative attacks , " Clinton Clinton . " But that does n’t work for everyone . You ca n’t just talk to someone about trusting you . You have got to earn it . " Clinton Clinton took on the idea held by even people close to her Clinton the carefulness she Clinton with her Clinton and rhetoric lead some people to believe she Clinton hiding something . " Yes , I can say , the reason I sometimes sound careful with my words , it is not that I am hiding something , it is just that I am careful with my words , my words said . " I believe what you say actually matters . I think that is true in life and it is especially true if you are president . So I do think before I speak . " Opponents , Clinton said , " Clinton accused me of every crime in the book . " " None of it is true , never has been , " she said . " Clinton accusations like that never really disappear when they are out there accusations like that And a lot of what people read about me in certain corners Clinton the internet and a lot of what Donald Trump says about me is just that Donald Trump nonsense . But , I know trust has to be earned . " Living in the public eye for decades has taken a toll on the view many have of Clinton     and filled her biography with questionable Clinton     and conspiracy theories . Clinton is regularly confronted Clinton     those issues : Protesters outside her events routinely question Clinton     role in the Clinton     attack , her time in the Clinton     House and decisions her family made while Clinton     in the Arkansas governor ’s mansion . Clinton said she has Clinton     to Clinton     the trust of voters before , including when she ran for Senate Clinton     New York in 2000 and when she ran for president Clinton     2008 . " So here is what I say to voters who may have doubts : No one will fight harder for your or your families than I will . You can count on that , " she said . " Clinton     have been called a lot of things but ’quitter’ is not one of them . " 
 a lot of things 