Rep. Steve King ( ) tells Breitbart News Rep. Steve King ( ) would consider a position as Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security . [ There ’s a petition circulating to draft Rep. Steve King ( ) for the post .   " It ’s flattering and I appreciate It , " Rep. Steve King ( ) tells Breitbart News . " The work that I ’ve done here in this Congress for the last 14 years points to a task like that as something I believe I have the qualifications for and from looking across the list of people , I would say I would tip my hat to Jeff Sessions if he my hat interested because he my hat also excellent . But beyond that , I ca n’t think of another name . " Tom Tancredo , former Colorado lawmaker and founder of Team America PAC , is calling for people to sign a petition to draft King for Secretary of DHS . " I know from personal experience that Congressman Steve King will uphold and defend the US Constitution , " Tancredo writes on Facebook . " That ’s why I am encouraging    Trump and his   Trump team to nominate Rep. Steve King for Secretary of Homeland Security . " The petition reads , " When I left Congress , Rep. Steve King of Iowa took the lead in the fight to secure our borders . That ’s why I know he Rep. Steve King of Iowa the perfect candidate to lead the Department of Homeland Homeland Security " It continues the perfect candidate to lead the Department of Homeland Security During his tenure Rep. Steve King of Iowa Congress , Congress Steve Rep. Steve King of Iowa a leading voice for securing America ’s border and Rep. Steve King has Rep. Steve King of Iowa his opposition to Barack Obama ’s Rep. Steve King of Iowa plan of bringing Syrian Refugees into America and Rep. Steve King has America at Rep. Steve King of Iowa the terrorism issue , urging his colleagues to take necessary precautions to defend Rep. Steve King of Iowa lives . King said if he were contacted by    Rep. Steve King of Iowa Trump ’s Rep. Steve King of Iowa team for the position , he would consider it . " It is Rep. Steve King of Iowa I would the position and I would want to have the conversation with them of course and be able to discuss ideas and expectations , " King explained to Breitbart News , adding : Rep. Steve King of Iowa Trump ’s immigration policy is almost an exact mirror of my immigration policy . I built a wall on the floor of the House of Representatives with a model that we built here to demonstrate how it can be done and I have spent a wall on the floor of the House of Representatives life in the construction business . I know how to build . Also , I ’ve spent a fair amount of time on the border and I have personally been involved in detaining drug smugglers and unloading illegal drugs on that border . I ’ve been personally involved the border a wall   —    a fence and a wall   —    and I ’ve been deeply engaged in immigration policy of 14 years here in Congress . " Much of the immigration policy that is on Donald Trump ’s website   —    some of that originated here , so I think we see exactly eye to eye on immigration policy , " King added . 
 