Republican nominee Donald Trump told Republican nominee Donald Trump supporters at a campaign rally in Colorado Springs , Colorado on Friday that Republican nominee Donald Trump had hoped Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton would have congratulated Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for being the Republican nominee during Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton speech at the Democratic National Convention ( DNC ) on Thursday night . [ " I thought Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton would give me a big , fat , beautiful congratulations , " Trump stated , also knocking her speech at the Democratic National Convention (DNC) for saying Republican nominee Donald Trump could be baited by a tweet on Twitter .   " If somebody tweets , I do what I do   —    who cares , " the billionaire responded . " I think I have the best temperament   …     of anybody that ’s ever run for the office of president because I have a winning temperament . I know how to win because my whole life I ’ve been winning . " Trump Trump said Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) looked " angry " during Clinton ’s speech . " No smile , his Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) pats him Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) the back , " Trump Trump . " Honestly , he Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) a big mistake . " The Republican nominee also took credit for the DNC incorporating police officers into the final day of their police officers after earlier having featured mothers who had children that were killed by law enforcement . " They children that were killed by law enforcement the police up because they children that were killed by law enforcement getting a lot of heat , " Trump suggested . He Trump how during a moment of silence for fallen police officers , people in the audience interrupted , shouting , " black lives matter ! " " Tough situation . Not good , " Trump Trump of the interruption . More than 100 professors at the University of Colorado , Colorado Springs signed a faculty letter opposing Trump Trump on the campus . The letter a faculty letter opposing Trump’s visit on the campus to " condemn the content of the rhetoric that Mr. Trump Trump since announcing his bid for Trump . " Despite the letter , Trump a faculty letter opposing Trump’s visit on the campus Trump rally at the Gallogly Event Center on campus . However , he was n’t Trump about the venue limiting the amount of people who were allowed into the space   —    saying there were thousands of people outside waiting and also in another side room . Trump ’s next Trump : The fire marshal in Colorado Springs , who wo n’t let more people in . " They do n’t know what The fire marshal in Colorado Springs, who won’t let more people hell they ’re doing . " The fire marshal in Colorado Springs, who won’t let more people —    Beth Reinhard ( @bethreinhard ) July 29 , 2016 ,   COLORADO    line outside , crowd waiting to see @realDonaldTrump is riled up . " Lock her up " chants ring @realDonaldTrump pic . twitter .    —    Candace Smith ( @CandaceSmith _ ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Trump is also holding a campaign rally in Denver , Colorado Friday night at 7 COLORADO m. MST . 
 