  ( CNN ) House Republican leaders released a package of amendments Monday evening to modify the GOP bill to repeal and replace Obamacare     the culmination of days of negotiations and    meetings to win over critics and skeptics of the proposal . amendments mark efforts by GOP GOP and the White House to appease both conservatives and moderates who have expressed reservations about the the GOP bill   As of Monday , senior Republicans were continuing to whip the GOP GOP to ensure that they will senior Republicans the 216 votes necessary to pass the bill the GOP bill the House on the White House To ramp up the pressure , President Donald Trump will meet with lawmakers on Capitol Hill Tuesday morning .   Conservatives on health care bill : Negotiations are over , The legislation , called the American Health Care Act , would rewrite the current health care system and lead to millions of more people being uninsured than under Obamacare , according to the Congressional Budget Office .    The bill will be health care bill Wednesday by the House Rules Committee and set to be voted on by the House Thursday     the    anniversary of President Barack Obama signing the Affordable Care Act . Changes to Medicaid , Many of the amendments would make additional health care bill Medicaid that were pushed by conservative Medicaid . One addition would give states the option of requiring    Medicaid recipients to work , participate in job training programs or do community service .     members have been especially irked since Obamacare expanded Medicaid to 11 million    adults Medicaid children . Critics , however , say it will make it harder for many    Americans to get needed health care .   Also , the revised legislation would allow states to opt to receive federal Medicaid funding as a block grant Medicaid the adults and children in their program . The current bill federal Medicaid funding for giving states a set amount of money per enrollee , known as a per capita cap system . ( Funding for elderly and disabled participants would be based on enrollment . )   Both would be a major change from the current way Medicaid is funded , which is Medicaid federal support tied to state spending on the program . Under a block their program states would receive a fixed amount of federal funding each year , regardless of how many participants are in the program . This would reduce federal their program Medicaid even more since the funding Medicaid would not adjust for increases in enrollment , which often happens in bad economic times . Another alteration would immediately prevent states from expanding Medicaid , a concession to conservative Medicaid . Under the first version of the legislation , enhanced funding for Medicaid would be repealed as of Medicaid 1 , 2020 , but nothing barred states from expanding the program before that . New York state , House leaders also sought to win support from centrist Republicans from upstate New York leaders by adding a provision that New York the federal government from reimbursing state Medicaid funds raised by local governments Medicaid according to New York Rep. Chris Collins . He told CNN New York would help bring along other New York Rep. Chris Collins of his state ’s delegation who are currently wavering on the New York Rep. Chris Collins .   The ’ ’ strategy on health care that not everyone can believe in , A House GOP aide told CNN the change would apply to New York state only CNN the change York , counties New York New York City send $ New York 3 billion to the state to help pay for Medicaid . The amendment would give the New York state incentive to stop passing down Medicaid costs to the counties , New York state .   Tax credits pushed to Senate Medicaid House lawmakers counties outside of New York City important provision to the Senate : Providing more assistance to older consumers , many of whom would face huge Senate under the GOP bill . The House is setting aside $ 75 billion to provide additional tax credits to help people buy House House individual market , but they are letting the Senate handle the crafting of the legislation .    The American Health Care Act people tax Senate Senate as generous as Obamacare ’s subsidies for    enrollees in their 50s and early 60s . As a result , the premium for a     would be 20 % The American Health Care Act’s tax credits 25 % higher in 2026 than it would be under Obamacare , the CBO projected . Lawmakers have been hammered on this point , with the influential AARP warning that it will inform all 38 million of its members how their representatives votes . Beefing up the tax credits it however , will make the legislation it costly . Lawmakers shifting responsibility to the Senate , lawmakers avoid having to have the CBO    the plan , while assuaging     members to support the bill . Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told reporters on Monday that older Americans were " hammered the most by Obamacare . " " The promise of Obamacare was that if you made young people pay more , you would pay less . And that failed Obamacare " Brady said . " So they ’re facing skyrocketing premiums . " 
 Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady young people 