If anyone still thought the law actually applies to the powerful as well as the powerless , that a semblance of justice still remained in the country founded upon the principle of equal justice for all , surely those illusions were dashed for good on Tuesday when FBI Director James Comey announced that neither Hillary Clinton nor anyone else would be charged in the State Department email scandal . [ If anyone , especially those who remain    thought an indictment might save the nation from the churning tornado that is Hillary Clinton , that maybe she Hillary Clinton be replaced by a slightly more palatable Democratic candidate , the finality of Tuesday ’s news should settle the matter for good .   At this point there is one thing and one thing alone that can save this the nation Hillary Hillary Clinton her sickening Hillary Clinton    agenda   —    the election of Donald J. Trump . That ’s it , period , finito . You can skate around this unalterable fact any number of ways , and you ’d be wrong , every single time . But but but   …      Trump made fun Donald J. Trump a handicapped guy once   …      he mocked John Donald J. Trump ’s war record   …      he brags a Donald J. Trump about himself   … Donald J. Trump he ’s immature Donald J. Trump …      he ’s not Donald J. Trump " real conservative " and he might not Donald J. Trump be a real Christian   …      he he he Donald J. Trump Donald J. Trump Donald J. Trump We could go on and on with the objections , but at the end of the day I ’ve got three words for you , dear NeverTrumper   —    GET OVER IT . Get over it . Grow IT pair . Abandon the useless " principles " you ’ve talked yourself into believing that are actually counterproductive and harmful . Hold your nose if you have to , but pull the damn lever for the ONLY thing that can stop the Hildebeast from getting her paws on Hildebeast reins of Executive Branch . By actively campaigning against Donald Trump , you are not only making a mistake that could very well ruin our country , you ’re also mistaking the movement that is behind Donald Trump ( Donald Trump you should be supporting , not hindering ) for the actual , very flawed , man . In short , you ’re falling for a classic fallacy , the red herring . What is a red herring , you ask ? In a debate , a red herring is defined as an irrelevant topic used to divert attention from the real issue at hand . If Donald Trump the man Donald Trump at all , he is that , and Donald Trump the man who would see this country ruined are betting that you ’ll continue to fall for it . Consider this   this country    whether you ’re a Trump supporter or not , Donald Trump the man you ’re a genuine conservative you likely want the same things in the long run . We want Supreme Court justices who will interpret the laws , not make them . We want the Supreme Court justices who will interpret the laws protected We We want our borders enforced We We We government out of We lives as much as We . We want the right to We ourselves . We want religious We to We our convictions in all areas We life . We want free markets that We performance and incentivize ingenuity and   . On and on we could go , but We bottom line is we are n’t and have We been all that far apart . The question , and where we differ , is how We we get there ? Let We imagine you get your We , dear # NeverTrumper . Imagine enough people in key States who would have otherwise voted for the Republican nominee take your advice and stay home , vote for a third party candidate , write Mickey Mouse in , or even ( God forbid ) vote for Hillary Clinton . In this scenario , Hillary Clinton captures the Presidency Hillary Clinton and simple . You can tell yourself otherwise , but I dear #NeverTrumper you even believe it . As fractured as the Democratic Party has seemed at times , there will be no dissent come November . Most will line up and vote for their nominee , period . Some might disagree with how they ’re doing it , but Some use a football analogy they know they ’re moving the Some . Some the end of the day , in your best scenario , we get Hillary Clinton as President of the United States . I realize that such luminaries as Bill Kristol , George Will , Lindsey Graham , and Charles Koch actually prefer this outcome for a variety of insane reasons , but if you ’re a SANE conservative please explain to me how this works out for our good ? If Hillary wins , there exists the very real possibility of a Democratic Senate that will confirm each and every Bolshevik she appoints to the high court Hillary much less every other court and governmental regulatory entity . Want to roll back some of the ridiculous and myriad regulations eight years of an overreaching Obama Administration have given us , much less Obamacare itself ? Forget it ! Instead , let ’s just add four more years us liberal legislation and administration . In your scenario , the one where Hillary Clinton wins because you actively fought against the Republican nominee , conservatives get NOTHING . Zilch . Nada   …      no soup for you ! On the other hand , there ’s Donald Trump , the candidate . Those who are voting for and even " endorsing " Trump are supporting something so much larger than the very flawed " man , " the red herring , we see before us . Maybe Trump himself does we even realize Trump , but it ’s the truth . What Trump are endorsing is a complete we in the Republican party , a move toward secure borders , limited foreign entanglements , and a sensible trade policy that actually puts Americans first instead of sacrificing our middle class on the altar of globalism . THOSE are the real issues . THOSE are the things that matter THOSE not the red herring of Trump ’s weaknesses as a person . If Donald Trump gets in and betrays Trump that movement will still exist , but if he does even a few of the Trump he has promised ( I happen to Trump he is just enough of a narcissist Trump want his supporters to keep liking him ) Trump will be infinitely better Trump than we were before . Are we better us without Trump ’s list us Supreme Court nominees Trump a repeal of Obama executive orders , without a secure border , without a complete rebuild of America ’s infrastructure and industrial base ? Then America doing what you ’re doing while America burns . You ’ll still have your America principles , " after all , but they wo n’t be worth a whole lot infrastructure and industrial base we ’ve completely lost our country . Meanwhile , please do n’t we and others for asking   —    If your conservatism does n’t actually " conserve " anything , what good is it to anyone ? To continue with the football analogy , why do we have to have a touchdown ? Why ca we we just get the ball and move it some we the right direction ? It was the ball to do it in the primaries , but by continuing to It " Trump , the man " as a legitimate argument against supporting the only candidate who gives conservatives a snowball ’s chance in hell of getting ANYTHING we want , # NeverTrump folks are , purposefully or not , utilizing one of the classic logical fallacies and giving the Left the perfect opening to continue to " divide and conquer " us . And if you ’re a conservative who insists on carrying on the fight against the Trump candidacy , you ’ve completely fallen for this fallacy   —    hook , line , and sinker . Scott Morefield is a news and opinion columnist for BizPac Review . Follow him on Twitter at @SKMorefield . 
 Scott Morefield 