  ( CNN ) A meeting this week between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton is creating headaches for former President Bill Clinton campaign . Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton met privately in former President Bill Clinton after the two realized they were on Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton same tarmac , an aide to the former president said . The former President Bill Clinton ahead of the public release Tuesday morning of the House Benghazi Committee ’s report on the 2012 attack on a U. S. consulate in Libya .   The meeting is raising questions about whether the independence of the Justice Department , which is conducting an investigation of Hillary Clinton ’s private email server , might have been compromised .   Road to 270 : The 2016 Electoral Map , Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said Thursday the meeting was " terrible . " " The meeting really a sneak , " Trump told conservative talk show host Mike Gallagher . Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump You see a thing like this and , even in terms of judgment , how bad of judgment is it for him or for her to do this ? Who judgment do this ? " Trump continued his criticism during an this with New Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump CNN Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump    Thursday night , calling the meeting " shocking " and " very disappointing . " Texas Sen. John Cornyn , a Republican , said Cornyn Counsel " should take over the email investigation , " This incident does nothing to instill confidence in the American people that her department can the incident fairly conduct this investigation , and that ’s why a Special a "Special Counsel" is needed now more than ever the email investigation Cornyn said in a statement .   And Judicial Watch , a conservative legal watchdog group that has sued for access to records pertaining to Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server while leading the State Department , is a "Special Counsel" the Justice Department ’s inspector general to investigate the meeting . " Attorney General Lynch ’s meeting with President Clinton creates the appearance of a violation of law , ethical standards and good judgment , a "Special Counsel" group said in a statement . " Attorney General Lynch ’s decision to breach the    ethical standards of the Department of Justice and the American Attorney General Lynch an Attorney General Lynch abuse of the public ’s trust . Her conduct and statements undermine confidence in her ability to objectively investigate and prosecute possible violations of law associated with President Attorney General Lynch and Secretary Clinton . " Even Attorney General Lynch Democrats say the optics do n’t look good . Sen. Chris Coons ,    said he believes Lynch will remain objective in her role but would have advised against the meeting , which he says sends    wrong signal even if it was    a brief , casual , social meeting with the former    . " " I think she should have said , ’Look , I recognize you have a long record of leadership on fighting crime but this    not the time for us to have that conversation . After the election is over , I ’d welcome your advice,’ " Coons told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota Thursday on " New Day . "    Trump vs. the GOP ( redux ) Clinton ’s campaign has n’t commented on the meeting .   White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest reiterated Thursday President Barack Obama ’s commitment to avoiding " political interference " in Department of Justice investigations after the airport meeting Thursday Referring back to Lynch ’s comments about the meeting , Earnest said Lynch understands investigations should be the meeting of political influence and consistent with the facts . " the meeting Obama has White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest made Lynch he expects the Department of Justice investigation into Clinton ’s emails to proceed without political interference . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest huddle President Barack Obama feed into one of White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest biggest hurdles Department of Justice campaign Justice that she ’s untrustworthy . Clinton herself acknowledged that challenge in unusually direct terms this week . " I personally know I Clinton’s to do on Clinton front , " Clinton in Chicago Monday . According to a law enforcement official familiar with the matter , the former president saw Lynch ’s plane on the tarmac Clinton walked onto her aircraft . Lynch ’s FBI security detail did not stop Clinton and he Clinton an extended conversation that included discussion of grandchildren .   Lynch was Clinton to see Clinton Lynch’s her plane , the official said , Clinton no Justice Department business was discussed . Speaking at a news conference in Phoenix Lynch Tuesday , Lynch confirmed the Clinton and denied Clinton spoke about Clinton pending before the Justice Department or the Benghazi probe . She also said the former president " did Lynch raise anything " about an ongoing case or anything of that nature .   " I Justice Department Clinton at the Phoenix airport Clinton he was leaving and President Clinton and my husband on the plane , " Lynch said according to CNN affiliate   . " Our conversation was a great deal about grandchildren Phoenix Phoenix social President Clinton our travels and he mentioned President Clinton he played in Phoenix . " Huma Abedin details Clinton email troubles in deposition , The former president ’s aide said nothing beyond Lynch ’s characterization of the Our conversation was discussed , and Our President Clinton " always President Clinton extends this courtesy when he is around cabinet secretaries , members of Congress and other dignitaries , pointing to the former president ’s unplanned meeting with Sen. Ted Cruz at an Alabama airport in May. Clinton Asked in Los Angeles on Wednesday whether Huma Abedin meeting risked the department ’s impartiality in its investigation , Lynch said the email The former president’s handled by career investigators and career agents who always follow the facts and the law . "    Top Democrats on Capitol Hill the former president’s unplanned meeting with Sen. Ted Cruz at an Alabama airport in May.   Thursday . " All I can say the department Loretta Lynch is one of the most outstanding human beings I ’ve ever known , " Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ,    told reporters . " Her ethics is above reproach . " Lynch Chuck Schumer ,    York , called Lynch Lynch honorable person . " " She has said nothing was discussed related to the investigation so you have two choices : To say this did n’t Lynch or she ’s lying , " Schumer it did Lynch matter . I do n’t think she Lynch lying . " Of Hillary Clinton , Reid said : " I think she ’s pretty damn good . " 
 Lynch Lynch Lynch this 