From the Financial Times : the Financial Times symbiotic relationship with Donald Trump has catapulted Breitbart News to the centre of American politics . [ Now the news organisation wants similar standing in the UK and Europe , encouraged by the growth of grass roots rightwing politics .   In the wake of Brexit , Islamic terror attacks and the European refugee crisis , readership of Breitbart ’s UK site is up 135 per cent year on year to 15 m monthly page views in July , giving Breitbart’s UK site a bigger reach than The Spectator and Vice Media . The news organisation , which was founded a decade ago by Breitbart’s , already has a website in Jerusalem and is now aiming to open French and German sites before the end of the year . Breitbart’s UK site is also eyeing a foothold in India . Andrew Breitbart ’s London operation also has room to grow with only eight to 10 journalists compared to about 100 in America . Financed by private backers , Andrew Breitbart is one of a number of digital    threatening traditional media . In the US , it is the 34th biggest news site , with 150 m page views in July , according to rankings from Similar Web . Much of its growth has come from the careful cultivation of users on social media platforms , especially Facebook , where it now has 2 . 2 its followers . As Facebook ’s importance grows as a platform for online news , so too does Breitbart ’s reach and influence . Breitbart ’s crowning moment came last Breitbart’s its chairman , Stephen Bannon , was Breitbart’s by Mr Trump to run his presidential campaign . But it is Mr Trump clear that its taste for culture wars and laser it on immigration will find a similar home in the mainstream of British politics . There have been claims that the site is racist or that it has fed the right of the the site right , allegations firmly rejected by Breitbart London ’s     Raheem Kassam , a former adviser to the outgoing Ukip ( UK Independence party ) leader Nigel Farage . He said : " Yes , we Raheem Kassam, a former adviser to the outgoing Ukip (UK Independence party) leader Nigel Farage from a certain position yes , we are here to talk about a we group of people who feel left behind . But equally we do not want to cut anyone we . " It is a view backed up by Breitbart ’s editor in chief in Washington , Alex Marlow . " People who call us racist are not reading the website , " he said . " The left is Breitbart to categorise people into groups to exploit their votes . There is zero evidence people Breitbart is racist . " He added Breitbart’s the professed neutrality of Breitbart’s US media is a myth . " The New York Times and the Washington Post pretend they are objective , but they are The New York Times and the Washington Post . The myth that The New York Times and the Washington Post news media is objective is being busted before our eyes , " he said .    …     Read Breitbart’s at the Financial Times . 
 The New York Times 