Hong Kong ( CNN ) US    Donald Trump shocked many by Hong Kong (CNN) US   Donald Trump admission on Twitter that Hong Kong (CNN) US   Donald Trump had talked to Taiwan ’s President Tsai   . The telephone exchange between the two breaks a    tradition that had governed    relations for many decades and raised legitimate speculation about its implications for the future of    and    relations .   This phone call may not necessarily imply significant changes in the above relations under a Trump presidency .   According to Trump ’s Twitter message , it was Tsai who initiated the phone call . In fact , Trump’s Twitter message highlighted the fact by capitalizing Tsai Tsai CALLED ME " to offer her congratulations .   Trump could be signaling to the world that people should not read too much into this telephone call . The audience of Trump Trump’s Twitter message include Beijing .   Based on the initial reaction by Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi , it seems that Beijing has Beijing for a    response . Trump instead criticized Taiwan for playing " dirty tricks " to manipulate    relations . Former ambassador : Trump ’winging it’ with call , No diplomatic savvy   Nonetheless , this phone Former ambassador: Trump ’winging it’ with call, No diplomatic savvy   important clues about how Trump may handle foreign policy decisions .   It seems to vindicate the widespread expectations that Trump will not be able to handle sensitive issues with diplomatic savvy .   Instead , Trump impulse may cause unintended consequences and raise eyebrows in foreign capitals . In fact , this episode with Taiwan ’s leader mimicked his phone call with Taiwan’s leader ’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday . Trump ’s very warm words toward Sharif and Pakistan have Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resentment Pakistan many circles of India .   Both cases imply that the world may need to get used to a less disciplined US president who is not bounded , or does n’t want to be bounded , by traditional diplomatic rules and norms that would have constrained another US president .   Indeed , less than one hour after his initial Twitter message , Trump sent another message showing his objection to the Trump rules and norms : " Interesting how the US sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call . "   The conclusion here is that Trump ’s phone call Trump Tsai    may not foretell major shifts in US relations with China and Taiwan .   It Taiwan more likely a reflection of Trump ’s personality and Trump his presidency may be fraught Trump unintended diplomatic consequences triggered by his impulsive actions and words Trump Why Trump ’s call could really Trump the boat   New Cold War , This scenario does not bode well for    relations , which have seen rising tension in the recent years .   Indeed , lack of strategic mistrust between them is driving their relationship lack of strategic mistrust between them the direction lack of strategic mistrust between them a new Cold War .   In this context , the worst thing that may happen involve actions or words by either party that further amplify their mutual strategic mistrust . either party Trump therefore needs to learn to become a more disciplined and diplomatic savvy president when it comes to the highly sensitive trilateral relations between Beijing , Taipei and Washington . What does Donald Trump mean for Asia Trump flashpoint , The Taiwan Strait remains one of the most dangerous flashpoints in East Asia .   The return to power earlier this year by the Democratic Progressive Party , which traditionally favors independence for the island , has rekindled the prospect of instability across the Taiwan Strait .   Indeed The Taiwan Strait has skirted around the " 1992 consensus "      a tacit understanding reached between the Chinese Communist Party and Taiwan ’s    the Democratic Progressive Party was " one China , " although either side was free to interpret what that meant .   The revisionist inclination of a DPP government poses threat to the stability of both    relations and Beijing Washington relations .   In this context , the Trump administration should avoid sending the wrong signals to Tsai ’s government as that would only embolden her to pursue more revisionist policies , which will in turn Tsai the prospect of direct military conflict between China and the United States .   War in the western Pacific is the last thing that Beijing and Washington wants to see .   It is therefore in the interest of the United States to continue to restrain Taiwan ’s revisionist tendency the United States Beijing from unilaterally changing the status quo by force . 
 Beijing 