Washington ( CNN ) FBI Director James Comey will testify before Congress Thursday to answer " important questions " about the Hillary Clinton email investigation and FBI Director James Comey recommendation that the Justice Department not prosecute the former Secretary of State even though classified information was found on Hillary Clinton private email server . While FBI Director James Comey criticized Hillary Clinton conduct and called Hillary Clinton handling of sensitive information " extremely careless , " FBI Director James Comey ’s decision not to recommend charges against Clinton or Hillary Clinton aides has been roundly criticized by Republicans . Why FBI Director James Comey made the announcement alone , " The FBI ’s recommendation is surprising and confusing , " Rep. Jason Chaffetz said Wednesday in a statement . " The fact pattern presented by FBI Director James Comey makes clear Secretary Clinton Clinton the law . Individuals who intentionally skirt the the law be held accountable . Congress and the American people have a right to understand the depth and breadth of the FBI ’s investigation . I thank Director FBI Director James Comey accepting the invitation to publicly answer these important questions . " FBI director : the FBI Clinton ’extremely careless’ but no charges recommended , Clinton ’s campaign hit back against Chaffetz Wednesday afternoon , releasing a web video featuring Chaffetz suggesting he Chaffetz accept Clinton ’s FBI Director James Comey " Shockingly , Chaffetz has not stood Chaffetz that , " the Clinton campaign said Clinton’s campaign , adding , " Just like the House Benghazi Committee before them , Chaffetz and his fellow Republicans refuse Chaffetz accept Chaffetz findings from any independent investigation if it does n’t fit their partisan the findings theory . They Chaffetz and his fellow Republicans so desperate to continue Chaffetz and his fellow Republicans Hillary Clinton over the Clinton her emails that they are Clinton themselves in challenging the Chaffetz and his fellow Republicans of the Chaffetz and his fellow Republicans of the FBI . " House Speaker Paul Ryan said lawmakers would ask the director to explain how he could the director of the FBI scolding of Clinton ’s House Speaker Paul Ryan with his House Speaker Paul Ryan that she is not legally culpable House Speaker Paul Ryan " We ’re going to have hearings , " Ryan told Fox News’ Megyn Kelly Tuesday . House Speaker Paul Ryan There House Speaker Paul Ryan a lot of unanswered questions here . " Ryan also recommended that the Director of National House Speaker Paul Ryan " should block her access to classified information " as a House Speaker Paul Ryan of punishment . " There are a lot of unanswered questions here , " Ryan said , though he did would not House Speaker Paul Ryan that Comey folded House Speaker Paul Ryan political pressure when asked .   Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters at a news conference later Wednesday that Clinton should release all her transcripts and communications with the FBI . Clinton when he was asked twice by CNN if presumptive Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell nominee Donald Trump     whom McConnell has frequently criticized     should also receive Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell briefings , McConnell would not answer . Comey told reporters Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Tuesday that he had Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell informed either the Justice Department Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell the White House of his recommendation not to prosecute Clinton before going Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell with it . 
 his recommendation 