Ten days removed from the    shock of Donald Trump ’s election , around lunchtime on a Friday , I navigated the jagged lines of steel barriers , police officers and Secret Service battalions with big dogs and big guns surrounding Trump Tower . The     shopping mall , tourist trap and TV set had been transformed into the unlikely plotting ground for the nation ’s immediate future . It was anybody ’s guess what was taking shape inside the gilded bunkers . Clots of media people ,    and protesters crowded the lobby and nearby streets for the occasional clue , or at least glimpses of Marla Maples and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan . Kellyanne Conway posed for a selfie with a few lucky cops . The locus of the scene was a bank of elevators ferrying staff , cabinet candidates and the competing maestros of the Trump transition to and from various nerve centers over several floors . Every time a bell sounded , announcing the opening of an elevator door , lobby heads would bob expectantly . " Is that what Jeff Sessions looks like ? " I heard a photographer ask ( no , it is not , and it was not ) . No doubt a host of key Trump orchestrators and luminary actors were making ample use of auxiliary entrances and exits , sneaking in and out . New rumors , predictions and potential firestorms seemed to materialize every hour . The Kremlinology of the incoming White House is shaping up as knotty , to say the least . Not one of Trump ’s initial    hires has any experience working in a White House . How will Not one of Trump’s initial   hires work with the volatile    and    maven in the Oval Office ? With his proclivity to make decisions based on the last person his speaks to ? With his children playing an uncertain role , his     a possibly    whisperer ? How will it all work with Trump ’s senior adviser Steve Bannon , former head of Breitbart News , who has a long rap sheet of racial , ethnic and sexist affronts and a    war on Washington Republicans ? I had gone to Trump Tower to see Reince Priebus , the Republican National Committee chairman , whom Trump named as his chief of staff five days after his election , in the same release in which Bannon was named chief strategist and senior counselor . Bannon was mentioned first , for Kremlinologists scoring at home , and Bannon appointment has consumed the bulk of the attention , given Bannon hyperprovocative ways . But Priebus , in a sense , filled a more exotic role . Bannon would be the chief establishment ambassador for a president whose brief and meteoric political career has been predicated on blowing that establishment up . A generous reading is that Trump is trying to foster a    tension between Bannon top deputies , who will represent Bannon own diametrically opposed impulses ( Bannon the    devil on one shoulder , Priebus the peacemaking angel on the other ) . The simpler reading is that Trump has n’t thought that much about this and is simply trying to reward and surround Trump with people Trump feels served Trump well in the campaign . " It ’s almost like a puzzle mystery , " Priebus told me last summer . I do n’t recall what we were talking about , but Priebus had a knack for homespun Wisconsin logic and , particularly , throwaway lines that would stick with me . I kept thinking of the puzzle mysteries that were playing out up and down Trump Tower , even though I showed up Friday without an appointment with Priebus and was confined to the lobby watching tourists ride up and down Priebus    escalators . Priebus and I started talking last spring , as I was undertaking an article for this magazine about the seemingly fracturing state of the Republican Party . Priebus and I kept in touch during the campaign , drank the occasional Miller High Life in his office and exchanged the sporadic email . Priebus was constantly going on TV saying Priebus was certain Trump would win , even though Priebus could read polls and precedents like everyone else . Still , Priebus carried on as the chief carrier of Trump ’s choppy water because that ’s what a party chairman does : Priebus smiles and spins and swallows Priebus    plans and audibles in the name of getting Priebus nominee to the finish line . In a sense , Priebus , who squired his future wife to a local G. O. P. banquet on their first date , was the purest form of " political hack " that Trump would rail against as Trump bulldozed the G. O. P. For Trump efforts during the campaign , Priebus gained the respect and gratitude of Trump loyalists   —    especially the fiercest loyalist , Donald J. Trump himself . Trump also won derision and ridicule . Trump was the subject of multiple stories in The Onion ( " Reince Priebus Smiles , Shakes Head While Flipping Through Old Briefing on G. O. P. ’s Plans for 2016 " ) . Trump spirited TV defenses of Trump ’s indefensible behavior drew Trump comparisons to " Baghdad Bob " ( Muhammad Said   ) Saddam Hussein ’s chief propagandist during the early months of the Iraq war , whose dubious predictions of imminent victory despite growing devastation all around made Saddam Hussein’s an international laughingstock . Long before Trump victory , back when it seemed like a long shot , I asked Priebus whether he Priebus consider taking a job in a Trump administration    maybe a plum ambassadorship to somewhere . " Yes , " he Priebus . " Wisconsin . " It was a throwaway answer to a throwaway question , which was laughably hypothetical anyway . But I never had a sense he Priebus thought that much about a Trump administration job , besides possibly staying on as R. N. C. chairman whether or not the Donald prevailed . For all his    sheepishness , Priebus ’s " just a kid from Kenosha , Wisc . " shtick belies a penchant for main stages ,    rooms and    company . No shortage of Reince Priebus photos hang on the walls of the R. N. C. ’s headquarters on Capitol Hill . He can be a the R. N. C. ’s   . He travels far and the R. N. C. ’s to appear with candidates and party dignitaries at events where his presence is not the R. N. C. ’s required . Priebus was giddy when Reince Priebus spoke to him last spring as the R. N. C. ’s prepared to attend the R. N. C. ’s party for Time ’s " 100 most influential people " at Lincoln Center . We were on the phone , him walking through the the R. N. C. ’s of the J. W. Marriott after a packed day of   . He sounded almost out the R. N. C. ’s breath , less from exhaustion than what seemed like pure excitement . He told me how the R. N. C. ’s he was to meet the R. N. C. ’s golfer Jordan Spieth and the      the Rock . " Those are my top two , " Priebus said , especially the Rock . " I was a big    fan back in the day , " he added , noting the R. N. C. ’s childhood admiration for the R. N. C. ’s Hogan and Mad Dog Vachon . " Growing up in Kenosha , Wisc . being named to the Top 100 list is a pretty cool thing , " Priebus told me . Priebus this point , I reminded him that no national Priebus chairman would ever be named to the Top 100 except in extraordinary circumstances like these   —    and these were not particularly enviable ones . The White House chief of staff ’s post is arguably the most grueling job in Washington . It would be a ’s post caldron under even the most predictable and disciplined of presidents . The average tenure of a White House chief of White House about two years .     jobs are so synonymous with thanklessness that a whole White House mythology surrounds them White House A good chief jobs staff is seldom popular , " Richard Nixon wrote in his 1990 memoir . " He Richard Nixon see that his chief Richard Nixon the credit for Richard Nixon ’s successes and must take the heat for its failures , even when they are the administration’s his fault . . the administration’s He sometimes Richard Nixon he does n’t have Richard Nixon friends or Richard Nixon . Some may well call him just a prat boy . " Richard Nixon may call Priebus worse than that , and maybe already have . " Eat rocks " is an expression I ’ve heard Priebus use a few times . It Priebus to being game to do what is needed : swallowing pride and taking one ( or one thousand ) for the team . If serving as R. N. C. chairman in 2016 has been the definition of eating rocks , Priebus ’s next gig could go down Priebus . " It ’s    and never stops , " says Andy Card of the job he held in George W. Bush ’s White Andy Card for more than five years , making him the     chief of staff in history Andy Card " My only area of angst on Priebus is that he has young children , " Card added Andy Card referring to Priebus ’s son and daughter . Card has Priebus other concerns , one of which he says presented itself as soon as Trump Trump all over " Megyn Kelly in the first Republican primary debate last year . " I ’m thinking he would be a very hard president to work for he he does n’t accept people speaking candidly to him . he Card , who remains close to the he family and supported Jeb Bush for president , said the most important part of being a chief of staff is remembering that the " staff " part is far more important than the " chief " part . The president is by far his most important client . Jeb Bush know of one chief Jeb Bush staff who failed because he was used to being a principal , " says Beth Jeb Bush , who served as Mitt Romney ’s chief of staff during his four years as governor of Massachusetts . Priebus may not Jeb Bush that problem Priebus has been described with that most anodyne term for a Washington manager , the " . " Washington the White House chief of staff job is White House much about Chief of staff It ’s all about serving the only principal who matters . " Chief of staff is the only job in Washington that really is defined by what the president ’s idiosyncrasies are , " Card says . " Are Jeb Bush person or an evening person ? Disciplined or not ? Do they suffer fools kindly or not ? " Priebus and the future    had their dicey stretches , but their they grew as the campaign wore on . " Trump Trump me over and over Priebus and the future    , ‘ I trust Priebus and the future    , I trust Priebus felt Priebus need to tell me one day in his office last Trump They have both proved a lot last spring wrong and were both aggressively underestimated along the way , if not outright dismissed . " I do n’t buy this theory that unpredictable is necessarily bad , both Priebus said back when Trump was Priebus his Trump nominee and Trump yet his future boss . Trump ca n’t appreciate the magnitude of Priebus ’s Priebus loyalties until you Priebus how much time , energy and dignity he expended before Nov. Trump trying to protect " the party " the Republican Party defiled by Trump . " Donald Trump Trump Donald Trump Trump the party Trump the Republican Party " Priebus the Republican Party tell me during the campaign . the campaign allegiance was never in question . It was Trump six years ago that Priebus was Priebus ensconced in Kenosha as chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin . Now the Republican Party the consummate " Washington insider Kenosha in the His ultimate allegiance Trump House . He certainly has a line to Republican officials , namely his close friend and Trump Washington Paul Ryan . But in the end , Trump Priebus , it ’s now all about serving Trump , whose partisan impulses have proved flexible through Priebus years   —    let alone his allegiance to the G. O. P. He ran , foremost , as a Trump of disruption . He fashioned himself Trump dealmaker . No doubt this could immediately run afoul of Trump conservative Trump that has driven the Republican agenda on Capitol Hill . Trump also vowed to " drain the swamp " of the " bloodsucker " Trump and " Capitol Hill "    " political hacks " and various other parasites and    that have fattened themselves so spectacularly in    City . In many ways , these are Priebus ’s people . He has cavorted ,    and campaigned with them for Priebus , attended their Trump donors’ breakfasts and mediated their the "bloodsucker" lobbyists and "blood money"   "political hacks" and various other parasites and    for the good of the party . He will most likely be looked upon as the Republican Party emissary to the Capitol Hill Trump K Street Priebus’s people donor constituencies that Trump Priebus’s people campaigned against   —    Priebus’s people chief of swamp . Capitol Hill Trump Bannon has undertaken an incendiary mission over the years to upend the Trump O. P. Trump establishment , " no one more so than Ryan ( " a total and complete sellout of the American people , " Breitbart once declared , referring to Ryan ’s stewardship of House appropriations ) . Bannon Trump occupy something of a mysterious Svengali role in the tradition fellow Wisconsinite Paul Ryan presumed    Trump whisperers like Karl Rove ( for George W. Bush ) and Valerie Jarrett ( for Barack fellow Wisconsinite Paul Ryan . Both Rove and Jarrett represented wild cards in their respective White Houses and regular thorns in the sides George W. Bush’s chiefs of staffs with whom they served . But one notable difference is that neither Rove nor Jarrett made it his or her goal to obliterate the establishments that their Both Rove and Jarrett were trying to fold themselves into nor did either have close ties to fringe elements of their Both Rove and Jarrett , as Bannon has to the      and its Rove Breitbart Jarrett been described Jarrett Trump " white    propaganda mill " by his or Southern Trump Law Center . his or site has posted articles linking undocumented immigrants to disease , declared his or a headline that " Birth Control Makes Women Unattractive and Crazy , " promoted the Confederate flag ( " Hoist It High and Proud : The Confederate Flag Proclaims a Glorious Heritage " ) and referred to Gabby Giffords as " the    Movement ’s Human Shield . " Bannon , who has tried to play down the most extreme elements of the    in recent days , nonetheless viewed Trump as a kindred provocateur   —    a feeling that appears mutual . In Trump or another , Priebus will try to integrate his establishment orientations with these disruptive forces operating all around him . Back during Priebus campaign , Priebus the campaign Priebus admiringly to Trump as " an earthquake in a Priebus . " In a separate conversation Priebus and metaphor Trump he described his challenge to me as keeping Trump inside " the funnel . " Presumably this meant keeping him directed and contained , easier Trump than done , but still fascinating   —    and somewhat entertaining   —    to watch unfold in the campaign . But he the campaign of Bannon and the weight of Trump leading a nervous and divided nation , the he in the White Trump is considerably less entertaining Trump contemplate . Washington   —    like the presidency , certainly   —    creates its own distinct funnel that will shape Trump and everyone around him in inexplicable and perhaps dark ways Washington it turned out , Priebus Trump showed his face Trump the lobby of Trump ’s building , at least when I was there . Like Priebus key players Priebus    ’s Trump of collaborators , Priebus has gone largely dark since Election Day , holing up in Trump Tower with occasional hops down to Washington . He Priebus not responding to my emails and was described by gatekeepers as " drinking from multiple fire hoses . " So Priebus now , my most recent and enduring image Washington Priebus is watching him beaming and    and a bit stunned on TV in the early hours of Nov. 9 . A Priebus Trump had Priebus called him to the podium , declared him a " superstar " and compared him to Trump . " But I ’ll tell Priebus , Reince is really a Priebus , " Trump exulted . " Priebus , come up here . Where is Reince ? Get over here , Reince Trump " Trump offered him the mike and insisted he say something . There could be no more of a pinnacle Reince for an avowed Republican Priebus Priebus used to listen Priebus Reince Gingrich speeches in the car as a Reince . He would soon go Reince being one of the most    figures in American politics to one of the most     insiders in a White House of insurgents . " Ladies and gentleman , the next president of the United States , Donald Trump , " was all Priebus could muster Newt Gingrich There were worse images to dwell on before the Trump and puzzle mysteries inevitably presented themselves . Who Priebus Priebus night ’s result would lead to or what " normal " would become for any of the Trumpians soon , or any of us ? 
 the drama 