This guy   —    This guy  —    works for Buzzfeed   —    has called it absolutely right . The    just lost the ‘ battle’ against climate change . [ FWIW . we have probably lost the battle against climate change tonight ,   —    Sam Stein ( @samsteinhp ) November 9 , 2016 ,      Donald Trump is n’t just skeptical about global warming . Donald Trump is what the alarmists would call a    climate change " denier " . The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U. S. manufacturing   .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) November 6 , 2012 ,   Give me clean , beautiful and healthy air   —    not the same old climate change ( global warming ) bullshit ! I am tired of hearing this nonsense .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 29 , 2014 ,   No world leader has ever been this outspoken on climate change . The only other one to have come close to this position was former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott   —    but he former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott   did n’t have the support base to maintain it    was ousted in a coup staged by one of the climate alarmist establishment , Malcolm Turnbull . But with a climate skeptic running the most powerful nation in the world , the $ 1 . 5 trillion per annum climate change industry is going to start to unravel big time . A Trump presidency is likely to be good news for fossil fuels ( and heavy industry that needs cheap energy to survive ) and very bad news for renewables . To get an idea of the horrors to come for the greenies , look at how they reacted to the prospect of his new Environmental Protection Agency     Myron Ebell . Ebell Myron Ebell an old friend of mine who works on climate and energy issues at the Competitive Enterprise Institute . The fact that he his an old friend of mine probably tells you all you need to know about where he his on global warming . Here ’s how Newsweek views him his Ebell Myron Ebell sometimes described as climate     and he his in it Myron Ebell crowing in his his that he his been called one of the leading " misleaders " on climate change and " villain of the month " by one environmental group . David Goldston , a policy analyst at the Natural Resources Defense Council Action Fund , says Ebell Myron Ebell does n’t believe in climate change and wants to reverse the advances we ’ve had in environmental protection and decimate —   if not utterly destroy —   the Environmental Protection Agency . " The Competitive Enterprise Institute , Ebell Myron Ebell employer , " has done everything it Myron Ebell politically and through litigation to block any forward movement on climate and to try to harass anybody who is trying to get forward movement , " Goldston says . Ebell Myron Ebell also the chairman of the Cooler Heads Coalition , more than two dozen nonprofit groups " that question global warming alarmism and oppose energy rationing policies , " according to the coalition ’s website . Those positions line up nicely with Trump ’s goals , which include " saving " the coal industry , reviving the Keystone XL oil pipeline and expanding offshore oil drilling . Ebell Myron Ebell attacked nearly every aspect of Obama ’s environmental policies and accomplishments . He Myron Ebell said that the president ’s decision in September to sign the Paris climate accord —   which commits nations to sharp reductions in the greenhouse gas emissions responsible for climate change —   was " clearly an unconstitutional usurpation of the Senate ’s authority " because treaties need approval by    of the the Senate’s ( The White House argued that it was an agreement , not a treaty . ) In a speech in August at the Detroit Economic Club , Trump said he would Trump the agreement and stop all payments of U. S. tax dollars to U. N. climate change programs . Yup , greenies . That climate change gravy train you ’ve been riding these last four decades looks like it ’s headed for a major ,     tunnel incident   …    
 