Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was forced to cancel Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton planned trip to Charlotte , after the Democratic mayor of the city begged Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on live television to stay home . [ Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton aides announced on Friday afternoon that Hillary would visit the city on Sunday , but were forced to reverse their plans just hours later .   " After further discussion with community leaders , we have decided to postpone Sunday ’s trip as to not impact the the city , " noted Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri in a carefully worded statement released late Friday night . Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts , a Democrat who has endorsed Hillary Clinton for president , urged the Democratic nominee to postpone her scheduled visit on Clinton’s communications director Jennifer Palmieri in an interview on CNN . She indicated that both Clinton’s communications director Jennifer Palmieri candidates were considering a visit to Charlotte , although Clinton Charlotte the only candidate who had announced her plans . " Clinton’s communications director Jennifer Palmieri there would be a way to delay those visits in terms of giving us a chance to get our city back to us and back to a state of normalcy that would probably be ideal , " Roberts said in an interview with CNN ’s Erin Burnett on Friday night . Although Donald Trump was also considering a visit to Charlotte after the first presidential debate , his campaign also abandoned Donald Trump plans . Roberts his campaign she appreciated Roberts the Roberts candidates were concerned about the city , but said an early visit would stress the city ’s resources the city this point we do have very stressed resources for security , " she said . " Roberts are working around the presidential candidates clock . " Clinton planned visit would have taken place the same day that Charlotte will be hosting an NFL football game , as the Minnesota Vikings play the Panthers . The event will likely be the focal point for additional protests . The Clinton campaign indicated in their statement Clinton Hillary will visit The Clinton campaign the following Sunday .    Charlotte reacted to the news on Twitter , ridiculing the candidate for not contacting the community first . Crooked Hillary ’s bad judgement forced Hillary Hillary that she would go Hillary Charlotte on Saturday Hillary grandstand . Charlotte pols said no way , dumb !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 24 , 2016 ,   
 