Donald Trump and Donald Trump lawyer on Tuesday night denied allegations in an explosive , unverified dossier that describes a purported Russian operation to compromise Donald Trump . Donald Trump tweeted that the document , which was referred to in a CNN report and later published in full on BuzzFeed News , was " FAKE NEWS    A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT ! " Donald Trump was reacting to allegations in a memo originating from research reportedly compiled by a former British intelligence officer that purports to show that the Russian government has compromising information on Donald Trump . the document, which was referred to in a CNN report and later published in full on BuzzFeed News also makes specific claims about contacts between people working for Donald Trump and Russian officials . It the document, which was referred to in a CNN report and later published in full on BuzzFeed News that Michael Cohen , special counsel to Donald Trump , was central to " the ongoing secret liaison relationship between the New York tycoon ’s campaign and the Russian Russian , " and that he Michael Cohen secretly with Kremlin officials in Prague in August 2016 . Reached by telephone on Tuesday night , Cohen Michael Cohen the dossier ’s allegations . The story is " totally fake , totally inaccurate , " Cohen Michael Cohen . " I ’m telling you emphatically that I ’ve not been to Prague Prague I ’ve never been to Czech [ Republic ] I ’ve not been to Russia , " Cohen Michael Cohen .   " The The story completely inaccurate , it is The story news meant to malign Mr. Trump . " Cohen Michael Cohen that during the time the report places him Michael Cohen Prague Prague he Michael Cohen actually with his Michael Cohen visiting USC and meeting with the baseball coach . A USC baseball USC confirmed Tuesday night that Cohen Michael Cohen his Michael Cohen his son USC on August USC . Cohen Michael Cohen that he Michael Cohen in Los Angeles from the 23rd through the 29th of August , and that the rest of the month he Michael Cohen in New York . He Michael Cohen that his Michael Cohen trip to an EU country over the summer had been a vacation to Italy in July . In one instance , the dossier places the alleged Prague travel in "   2016 . " Cohen said he was in Cohen York for New York month of September . Cohen also tweeted a Cohen of his passport : " Cohen have never been to Prague in my life Prague # fakenews . " Trump retweeted Cohen ’s tweet . Cohen , a synopsis of which CNN reported had been shown to both Trump and President Obama , Trump at an awkward time for Trump , who is scheduled to give a    press conference in New York on Wednesday . 
 