After Donald Trump hired Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon , the Clinton campaign immediately started collecting controversial headlines from Breitbart News , emailing Donald Trump hired Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon, the Clinton campaign to reporters and cable news producers to smear Breitbart ’s editorial content . [ In response , cable hosts dutifully threw up graphics of Breitbart’s headlines , asking Donald Trump supporters and campaign aides to defend Breitbart’s editorial content .   " What do you think of headlines like this ? " said CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota in an interview with new Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway . " Put these headlines like this , " said CNN ’s CNN Lemon on several occasions Thursday evening , questioning guests how Donald Trump could defend hiring anyone from Breitbart News . " What about these headlines headlines like this Lemon asked repeatedly Don Lemon " I ’m just going to throw up a couple of lines from Steve Bannon ’s website   …     " began CNN ’s Ashleigh CNN calling them " uncomfortable for women . " ( Banfield also mispronounced Ashleigh Banfield headline , saying " Big Trains " instead of " Big Trans " ) MSNBC ’s Kristen Welker followed suit , challenging Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson to defend the headlines .   MSNBC ’s Rachel MSNBC and Joy Ann Reid also plastered Breitbart headlines on the screen , highlighting its " offensive the screen content .   Even the low rated Daily Show with Trevor Noah got the memo , sharing a headline with his audience to Noah that " if Donald Trump is the joker , he just hired Donald Trump Suicide Squad . " Watch a highlight video of cable news hosts parroting Hillary Clinton talking points below : The Democratic Party featured a similar collection of Breitbart headlines on their Twitter feed The Democratic Party Thursday morning . The executive chairman of Breitbart is taking Breitbart as chief executive of Trump ’s campaign : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Democrats ( @TheDemocrats ) August 18 , 2016 , 
 