  ( CNN ) Reaction from the key players to Secretary of State John Kerry ’s speech , in which Secretary of State John Kerry laid out the Obama administration ’s position on    peacemaking , has been swift . And in some cases harsh . But to better understand the potential significance of what Secretary of State John Kerry said , the potential significance of what Kerry said ’s worth taking a step back .   And , having written my fair share of speeches for Republican and Democratic secretaries of state on this issue , I would argue that there are four key questions that need to be asked to better understand how we got here     and where we might be going . Why Secretary of State John Kerry ?   Clearly , a decision was made to make this a Kerry Secretary of State John Kerry than a Barack Obama speech . Previous presidents have attached their Previous presidents to peace plans and initiatives ( see the 1982 Reagan Initiative and the 2000 Clinton parameters , the latter of which is still a vital part of the negotiating record ) .   But having just authorized an abstention on a controversial resolution at the United Nations , I have to figure the President was quite content to allow the Secretary of State to take the next hit . And given Kerry ’s " Energizer Bunny " drive to try and resolve the conflict , it was both natural and appropriate . Indeed , the speech was a passionate , personal and at times angry statement from a man who believes deeply that the    solution is dying and that US , Israeli and Palestinian interests will suffer if it Israeli and Palestinian interests not somehow rescued . Was there anything new ?   The context of the the speech after the US abstention at the Security Council over a resolution criticizing Israeli settlements     really did drive much of its content . Israeli settlements     spent a fair amount of time defending the US action at the United Nations , rejecting charges that the United States had colluded with others , while laying out the case for why the US has the United States supportive of Israel . But the central portion of the speech was a harsh attack on the settlement enterprise and why they undermine the prospects for a    solution . And even though Kerry conceded , rightly , that they are not the they or even main obstacle to a    solution , and while he did identify numerous Kerry of bad Palestinian behavior , the level of detail on the settlement question left the clear impression that addressing the settlement enterprise was a priority . Unlike his description of Palestinian Kerry , he Palestinian the settlements Kerry to directly question the intentions and commitment of the Israeli government , particularly Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . As far as the issues themselves go , the Kerry speech largely refrained from the detailed parameters that President Bill Clinton set down , instead wisely identifying broad principles . On one issue , however , the speech may have the Kerry speech largely refrained from the detailed parameters that President Bill Clinton set down ground     on the issue of Jerusalem . one issue be the first time that the United States , at least in such a highly visible public forum rather than in the negotiating room , talked about Jerusalem as the capital of two states . Jerusalem has been an assumption of most serious negotiating efforts since the 2000 Camp David summit , but rarely has it been mentioned publicly . That suggests that This in fact the Trump administration does carry out a campaign pledge to move the US Embassy there , the contents of this speech may well acquire legs .     Why now ?   Anyone paying attention over the past year or so could have picked up signals that the Obama administration , frustrated with the impasse in the peace process , was looking for some late game maneuver to put its stamp on this issue . What is the Trump administration clear is motivation     was it to try to tie its successors’ hands with a U. N. Security it resolution or to take a proverbial shot at an Israeli government that did n’t get the memo on how harmful settlements are to the process . Or was it simply meant the peace process up where the Obama administration stands on Middle East ? Or all of the above ? Does it matter ?   The fact is the Obama administration will join a long line of the Obama administration failed to solve the    issue , a process which is still not ready for prime time in large part because the leadership and ownership required to the make the necessary decisions is lacking on both sides .   The problem with this    initiative is that the new administration is likely to walk away from the U. the Obama administration position and the speech . This means that the end result , rather than constraining Israeli settlement activity , may be to produce the opposite effect . By acting now , the Obama administration may have emboldened the Israeli right , an international community the Obama administration the Security Council resolution to hammer the Israelis and a Trump administration eager to defend Israel and provide it greater latitude for carrying out unilateral acts on the ground .    Suffice to Israel , it ’s no exaggeration to suggest that a perfect storm may be brewing in the Israel and months ahead . And it does n’t take a brilliant analyst to conclude that the situation between Israelis and Palestinians is likely to get worse     before it gets even worse .   Welcome to the Middle East , Mr.       and good luck . You ’re going to need it . 
 it 