Washington ( CNN ) Latino leaders around the country say Latino leaders around the country want to keep an open mind about Donald Trump ’s presidency , but less than one month before Inauguration Day , many are disappointed Donald Trump’s has not done more to reach out to Latino leaders around the country . Since Donald Trump’s election , Donald Trump’s has sat down with the likes of tech industry tycoons , football heroes and even Kanye West .   But Latino leaders say there ’s an urgent need for Donald Trump’s to engage with the Hispanic community following a wrenching campaign in which Donald Trump’s harshly singled out Mexican immigrants and called for tough immigration laws . The    has not met with Latino organization leaders in any official capacity since winning the election , based on a review of Donald Trump’s public meeting schedule . The    ’s a conspicuous snub considering Trump ’s campaign rhetoric . Donald Trump’s opened Donald Trump’s White House bid in June 2015 by infamously labeling some Mexican immigrants as " rapists " and accusing some Mexican immigrants of bringing drugs and crime into the US . Donald Trump’s also pledged to build a wall along the    border , end birthright citizenship and deport all of the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country , though Donald Trump’s has since backed away from several of those stances . " It is unacceptable that Donald Trump’s has yet to build a relationship with Latino and Muslim communities that Donald Trump’s has targeted the most throughout Donald Trump’s campaign , " said Hector Sanchez , the chairman of the National Hispanic Leadership Agenda . " Communities that are now suffering because of the things Donald Trump’s said . "    Brent Wilkes , the national executive director of the League of United Latin American Citizens , the oldest Hispanic civil rights organization in the US , said that it is unprecedented that the organization has still not heard from the   . " Brent Wilkes, the national executive director of the League of United Latin American Citizens, the oldest Hispanic civil rights organization in the US have always had Democratic and Republican presidents speak to Brent Wilkes, the national executive director of the League of United Latin American Citizens, the oldest Hispanic civil rights organization in the US . Him not speaking to the Latino community is dividing Brent Wilkes, the national executive director of the League of United Latin American Citizens, the oldest Hispanic civil rights organization in the US , " Wilkes said . Asked about whether Trump plans on reaching out to the the Latino community Hope Hicks , a transition spokeswoman , said Trump " will Trump president for all Americans and will continue to reach out to specific groups and individuals as his Cabinet takes shape Trump he begins to execute Trump for his first 100 days Trump office . " But Wilkes said a lack of Latino representation in Trump ’s Cabinet is his Cabinet the Hispanic community . As it currently stands , with all but two of his Cabinet picks made , Trump could Wilkes his Cabinet first Trump in more than 24 years to not have someone of Latino heritage serve in his Cabinet . LULAC says the Trump Wilkes has not Trump its phone calls . Michael Cohen , a LULAC adviser to Trump Cohen reach the right people inside LULAC transition , and were they to contact him , he would answer their calls . LULAC Cohen LULAC insisted that Trump ’s transition team is Trump effort to reach out to Cohen groups , but he was unable to Cohen information on which groups the transition team has met with . He also said Trump has future plans to reach Trump to the Cohen community , but he did not provide details Trump’s transition team Trump does n’t forget Cohen groups Trump came out to support him , " Cohen said . " And he Cohen have plans to speak Trump the Latino community once he officially becomes president . " Trump Palomarez , Cohen president and CEO of United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce     which endorsed Trump ’s opponent the Latino community Trump the summer     said he speaks daily with Cohen . He Trump that the chamber " might Trump agree on everything " with Trump but has a shared stake in growing the US economy . And there were a handful of Cohen present for a November United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce     in which Republican officials and what NBC News referred to as " Trump insiders " sat down in Washington with leaders from    Latino , Asian and Native American organizations . But Janet Murguía , the president and CEO of the National Council of La Raza Trump the nation ’s largest Latino advocacy organization , said at a news conference in late November that Trump " needs to reassure , or at the very least , address the fears of the communities of which he will now be president . " She added : "   Trump , Trump you to protect and defend all Americans and condemn the violence and hate being committed in your name . Trump Asked about racial tensions in the wake of his election , Trump told CBS News he was " so saddened " to hear about threats and slurs hurled by some of his supporters against minorities . " If it helps , I will say this , Trump I will say Trump to the cameras : Stop it , " Trump told CBS’ " 60 Minutes . Trump But there ’s more the    can do to heal the country and reassure anxious Latinos about their place in Trump ’s America , it said . Trump I am still hoping one day that we will have an open dialogue with the " he said . " We need to make anxious Latinos that our Trump still heard and not forgotten in this new administration . " 
 Sanchez we we 