Palmer Luckey ’s girlfriend deactivated Palmer Luckey’s girlfriend Twitter account after Gizmodo , Gawker ’s technology vertical , published a hit piece that delved into Palmer Luckey’s girlfriend private life , personal Instagram pictures , and exposing Palmer Luckey’s girlfriend political views , despite Palmer Luckey’s girlfriend lack of newsworthiness . [ In their article reporting on the recent revelations that Luckey has been funding a    organization , Gizmodo reporter Bryan Menegus dedicated over half of the piece to Luckey ’s    girlfriend , posting information and pictures from Gizmodo reporter Bryan Menegus private life , whilst criticizing Gizmodo reporter Bryan Menegus    and Trump views .   " Luckey is also in a longterm relationship with Nicole Edelmann , aka Nikki Moxxi , a cosplayer , vocal member of the GamerGate movement , and active Trump supporter , " wrote Menegus , dedicating more words in the piece to Luckey ’s girlfriend than the millionaire himself . " Edelmann , who according to a New York Observer article from 2015 , lives with and has been dating Luckey for approximately five years ( as recently as this past spring , Luckey and Edelmann appeared to be in a relationship on social media ) , " Luckey continued . " Edelmann ’s social media accounts are rife with GamerGate support posts . She frequently    feminist Anita Sarkeesian , mocks ‘ SJWs,’ and tweets pictures of She at Trump events . She ’s cosplayed as GamerGater mascot Vivian James , and been photographed at GamerGate    around San Fransisco . " Menegus continued to post screenshots of Edelmann ’s social media posts , including Instagram pictures from four months ago and tweets from January . Since Gizmodo published their article , numerous users took to Twitter to further harass Edelmann , including Techcrunch columnist    Cutler . . @PalmerLuckey ’s girlfriend . https :   .    —      Cutler ( @kimmaicutler ) September 23 , 2016 ,   IT looks like Palmer Luckey ’s girlfriend has deleted Palmer Luckey’s girlfriend Twitter account . https :   .    —    Chelociraptor ! ! ( @chelseabot ) September 23 , 2016 ,   Edelmann has since deactivated her Twitter account . A large group of people on Twitter have responded to Gizmodo ’s piece with # OPDoubleVision , which seeks to coordinate emails about their concerns A large group of people on Twitter Gizmodo ’s Gizmodo Univision , as well as their many A large group of people on Twitter . Gawker ’s main site was shut down in August after being purchased by Univision , with the company Gawker to Gizmodo Gawker . The news outlet was frequently accused of bullying and harassing people throughout its run before The news outlet bankrupt as a result of the Hulk Hogan lawsuit . Breitbart Tech has reached out for comment from Gizmodo , but have yet to receive a reply . Menegus has also failed to respond on Twitter . Hey @BryanDisagrees , how does it feel harassing Menegus innocent girl off of the internet ? Has Gizmodo picked up Gizmodo ’s poisonous legacy ?   —    Charlie Nash ( @MrNashington ) September 23 , 2016 ,   Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . Breitbart Tech follow him on Twitter @MrNashington a reporter for Breitbart Tech like his page at Facebook a reporter for Breitbart Tech 
 