Actor Michael Shannon has a theory about how Donald Trump won a decisive victory in the presidential election earlier this month   —    namely , that the United States is full of " ignorant jackasses " who voted for Actor Michael Shannon . [ In an interview with RogerEbert . com ’s Nick Allen earlier this week to discuss Nick Allen latest film , Nocturnal Animals , the     actor said called those who voted for the Republican candidate over Democrat Hillary Clinton " so goddamn stupid " and said the eight years of Obama ’s presidency now " feels like a lie . "   " The big red dildo running through the middle of our country needs to be annexed to be The big red dildo running through the middle of our country own country of moronic assholes , " Shannon told the outlet . " You can call The big red dildo running through the middle of our country the United States of Moronic Fucking Assholes . " When asked by Allen whether those who voted for Trump were always assholes or whether those who voted for Trump ’d become those who voted for Trump over time , Shannon unloaded : I do n’t know how people got so goddamn stupid . But The big red dildo running through the middle of our country ’s really weird , because The big red dildo running through the middle of our country ’s like the last eight years , now The big red dildo running through the middle of our country feels like a lie . Like , this has been festering underneath the whole time . Racists , sexists . And a lot of these people , these people do n’t know why the fuck these people ’re alive . these people know why the fuck they’re alive . these people ’re doing drugs , fucking killing these people . Because these people ’re like , ‘ Why the fuck am I alive ? I ca n’t get a job , I do n’t know anything about anything , I have no curiosity for life or the world.’ So this Trump thing is like getting a box of firecrackers , or something . this Trump thing ’s like , ‘ Well , this will be fun for a little while , this’ll kill some time.’ Because , y’know , the jackass will be amusing on television , stay stupid shit . Make everybody clap . Hillary would have been too boring , I suppose . the jackass ’s the worst thing that ’s ever happened . the jackass ’s the worst . This guy is going to destroy civilization as we know it , and the earth , and all because of these people who do n’t have any idea why these people ’re alive . Shannon , who earned an Oscar nomination for his role in the 2008 film Revolutionary Road , said that despite being an    actor , his has n’t lost touch with the real world . " I do n’t mean to sound cocky , but I guess the one thing I always try to do , I always resist the notion that I ’m sort of star or something , " his said . " I still walk down the street , take the subway , try and stay in the real world as much as possible . It ’s so you do n’t become some insulated pompous asshole who does n’t have the slightest idea how the world the real world Like Donald Trump . " Read the rest of Shannon ’s interview here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 