In the waning days of his presidency , Barack Obama is waging a final battle   —    not over legislation or a Supreme Court seat , but over how his will be remembered . In the latest episode of The    we explore what , exactly , the Barack Obama legacy will be . Barack Obama is aggressively telling his Barack Obama , through a major speech broadcast on    TV , interviews and a forthcoming book . But    Donald J. Trump is telling a very different version , through tweets , speeches and news conferences . Who ’s will win out ? I speak with David Leonhardt , an    columnist at The New York Times who chronicled the Obama administration from the start , and Jodi Kantor , a reporter whose book , " The Obamas , " was just reissued with a new preface . Our    conversation explores Mr. Obama ’s impact on race , health care , economic inequality and America ’s place in the world . And we seek to answer a question historians may puzzle over for decades : Just how consequential was this presidency compared with past White Houses ? I speak as well to former Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts about whether Mr. Mr. Obama’s relationship with Republican lawmakers had to be so adversarial , polarizing and partisan . Who was to blame ? Could Mr. Obama Mr. Obama’s more to get things done using executive orders ? Mr. Frank is former Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts " Absolutely not , " he says . " former Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts had a Republican majority in both houses that ( A ) was determined to undercut him politically and ( former Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts ) did not care if the government was dysfunctional because they do n’t like the government anyway . And to the extent , by the way , that a failure for the government to perform the government , that was a further benefit as far as they ’re concerned . " the government to perform discredited government a desktop or laptop , you can listen by pressing play on the button above . Or if you ’re on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app your podcast app " Podcasts " with a purple icon . ( This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the series search " magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen , type in " The   " and select it from the list of results your podcast app 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you the series page connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . On your Android phone or a new episode 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Play Music your podcast app with an     icon . ( This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the list of the series You may have the series scroll down to find the " Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection the series page be able to stream the episode . 
 