  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Saturday again attacked a federal judge whose decision President Donald Trump disliked , blasting Judge James Robart , a George W. Bush appointee who temporarily stopped President Donald Trump controversial travel ban Friday night . President Donald Trump ’s increasingly heated responses quickly drew objections from Democrats , who said he was improperly attacking an independent judiciary . By Saturday afternoon , President Donald Trump had stepped up President Donald Trump criticism : " Because his controversial travel ban was lifted by a judge , many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country . A terrible decision . " Shortly after 8 a. m. ET , the President tweeted , " The opinion of this    judge , which essentially takes    away from our our country is ridiculous and will be overturned . " That tweet was one of several Trump issued Saturday morning in which he defended Trump executive Trump on immigration , which bars citizens of seven    countries from entering the US for 90 days , all refugees for 120 days and indefinitely halts refugees from Syria . RELATED : James Robart : 5 things to know about judge who blocked travel ban , " When a country is no longer able to say who can , and who can not   come in   out , especially for reasons of safety . security    big trouble , " Trump next tweeted . " Interesting that certain    countries agree with the ban . They know certain   countries certain people are allowed in it ’s death   destruction , " he added death   though he did death   name any countries . Saturday afternoon , Trump resumed Trump criticism Trump tweeting : " What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone , even with bad intentions , can come into U. S. ? " He followed Trump with , " Because the ban was lifted by a judge , many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country our country terrible decision . " And he was Trump tweeting about it early Saturday A terrible decision : " Why are n’t the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston , which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision ? " Trump was referring to a decision by a federal judge in Boston earlier Friday Boston a more limited ruling that declined to renew a temporary restraining order in Massachusetts . It would have Trump the detention or removal of foreign travelers legally authorized to come to the Boston area , Boston the decision represented a decision by a federal judge in Boston earlier Friday, a more limited ruling that declined to renew a temporary restraining order in Massachusetts administration ’s first court victory regarding the order . Unusual a temporary restraining order in Massachusetts It is highly unusual for a President to publicly criticize a federal judge , but during the campaign , Trump memorably railed against Judge the Trump administration’s Curiel , who was overseeing a lawsuit against Trump University . Trump said Curiel , who the Trump administration’s born in Indiana , was unable to fairly preside over the lawsuit because of his a lawsuit against Trump University heritage . the Trump administration’s Trump had introduced plans to the Trump administration’s a wall along the Mexican border and take a hard stance on immigration . Vice President Mike Pence later defended Trump in an interview with the Trump administration’s News’ George Stephanopoulos . " Is it right for the President to say ’ ’ judge’ ? Does n’t that undermine the separation of powers in the Constitution ? " Stephanopoulos asked Pence on " This ABC News’ George Stephanopoulos " Vice President Mike Pence a clip released Saturday afternoon . " I do n’t think it does , " Pence replied . " I think Vice President Mike Pence American people are very accustomed to this president speaking his mind and speaking very straight the President them . " But Democrats pounced the American people Trump ’s criticism of Robart , with Democratic senators flatly saying the President ’s comments will factor into the confirmation hearings for Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch . " Attack on federal judge from POTUS is beneath the dignity of that office . That attitude can lead America to calamity , " Washington Gov. Jay Inslee tweeted Saturday . " The President ’s attack on Judge the President’s , a Bush appointee who passed with 99 votes , shows a disdain for an independent judiciary that does n’t always bend to his wishes and a continued lack of the President’s for the Constitution , making it more important that the Supreme Court the Constitution as an independent check on the administration , " Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said in a statement .   " With each action testing the Constitution , and each personal attack the Constitution judge , President Trump raises the bar even higher for Judge Gorsuch ’s nomination to serve on the Supreme Court . His ability to be the Supreme Court will be front President Trump center throughout the confirmation process . " Vermont . Sen. Patrick Leahy , the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee , said Trump ’s " hostility toward the rule of law is President Trump just embarrassing , it is dangerous . " " We need a nominee the rule of law the Supreme Court willing to Sen. Patrick Leahy, the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee he or she will the Supreme Court an overreaching executive . This makes it the Supreme Court more important that Judge Gorsuch , and every other judge this president may nominate , demonstrates the ability to be an independent check and balance on an administration that shamefully and harmfully seems to reject the very concept . " Robart ’s order on Friday was a significant setback to Trump ’s ban and set up the nation for a second straight weekend of confusion about the policy ’s legality .   The White House said Friday the Department of Justice will challenge the decision . In a Friday , White House press secretary Sean Spicer initially called Robart ’s order " The White House before quickly issuing another statement that Robart that word . Robart has presided in the US District Court for the Western District Robart Washington state since 2004 . He assumed senior status in 2016 . 
 Robart 