WASHINGTON   —    In one way at least ,    Donald J. Trump has already surpassed all of   Donald J. Trump recent predecessors .   Donald J. Trump took Barack Obama 18 months in the White House for   Donald J. Trump approval rating to slip to 44 percent in Gallup polling , and   Donald J. Trump took George W. Bush 4½ years to fall that far .   Donald J. Trump got there before even being sworn in . Indeed , Mr.   Donald J. Trump take office on Friday with less popular support than any new president in modern times , according to an array of surveys , a sign that he has   Donald J. Trump to rally Americans behind him ,   Donald J. Trump the base that helped him win   Donald J. Trump November . Rather than a unifying moment , his transition   Donald J. Trump power has seen a continuation of the polarization of the election last year . Where other presidents used the weeks before their inauguration other presidents put the animosities of the campaign behind them and other presidents try to knit the country together again , Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump the interregnum as if he were a   Donald J. Trump wrestling star . He has taken   Donald J. Trump a civil rights icon , a Hollywood actress , intelligence agencies , defense contractors , European leaders and President Obama . The healing theme common at this stage in the    presidential cycle is absent . " He seems to   Donald J. Trump to engage with every windmill that he can find   Donald J. Trump rather than focus on the large aspect of assuming the most important position on earth , " Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , said on CNN on Tuesday . " And obviously , apparently , according to the polls , many Americans are not happy with that approach when he has not   Donald J. Trump assumed the presidency . " Two polls out on Tuesday   — Tuesday by CNN and ORC CNN another by The Washington Post and ABC News   —    found that just 40 percent of Americans approved of Mr. Trump ’s performance heading into the inauguration on Friday . NBC News and The ABC News   Journal put his approval rating at 44 Mr. Trump’s , calling it the lowest rating ever his approval rating an incoming president . By Mr. Bush after their inaugurations , Mr. Obama was at 68 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Bush was at 57 percent in Gallup surveys . Both used the time after their initial victories to preach a message of Both and to extend a hand to their opposition , even if it did not Both last . Mr. Trump ’s advisers said privately that his unexpected rise to power showed that such Mr. Trump’s barometers did not matter as much anymore . If polls were to be believed , he would not have been president , they Mr. Trump’s . Still , the anemic numbers polls irritated Mr. Trump , who lashed out on Tuesday . " The same people who did the phony election polls , and were so wrong , are now doing approval rating polls , " he wrote on Twitter . " They are Mr. Trump’s just like before . " The same people who did the phony election polls polling in several Midwest battleground states failed to accurately reflect the actual results on Election Day , national polls generally came within a percentage point of the actual popular vote , which Hillary Clinton won with 48 percent to Mr. Trump ’s 46 percent . For Mr. Trump , the worry about approval ratings Mr. Trump’s less about what it might mean for the next election , still years away , but about how such numbers are interpreted by members of Congress , who historically have been more deferential to popular presidents than unpopular ones . " Every president starts off with a    account with Congress that eventually draws down , " said Phil Schiliro , who was Mr. Obama ’s White House legislative director in his first term . " As approval ratings drop Every president the account sinks very quickly . And that makes a   account with Congress that eventually draws down harder to bring Congress along on the president a   account with Congress that eventually draws down priorities . " Steve Congress , a Democrat who represented New York in the House , said the biggest challenge for Mr. Trump White House with nervous members of his own party . " Right now , Trump ’s numbers Mr. Trump kryptonite for 21 House Republicans in districts Mr. Trump lost , " he said . " So not only does Mr. Trump begin with low Mr. Trump numbers , he begins with a significant Mr. Trump bloc of resistance in his own Mr. Trump . " But Mr. Trump has shown that he Mr. Trump to lead more through force Mr. Trump than through the breadth Mr. Trump his coalition . Brash and uninhibited , he seeks out enemies and allows Mr. Trump slights to go unanswered . He Brash repaired bridges with some critics , like Mitt Romney , but Brash made only sporadic efforts to reach out to Mr. Trump the public that have not supported him . His strongest supporters cheer his pugnacious style , and he argues that Brash has Brash results , like Brash House Republicans backed off Brash to undercut the authority of the Office of Congressional Ethics , or major employers reversed plans to move jobs overseas after he wrote on Twitter about his disapproval . " With all of the jobs Brash am bringing back into Brash U. S. ( even before taking office ) with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more , I believe the people are seeing ‘ big stuff,’ " Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter on Tuesday . For many years , presidents and their advisers quaked at Twitter that showed a drop in their ratings , fearful that it would hurt their ability to command the stage their to enact their agendas . The last their presidents governed for long stretches with less than their support , which clearly limited their capacity to advance major legislation . But they both also demonstrated that they The last two presidents governed for long stretches with less than majority support, which clearly limited their capacity to advance major legislation still make at least some progress . The last two presidents governed for long stretches with less than majority support, which clearly limited their capacity to advance major legislation never had the support The last two presidents governed for long stretches with less than majority support, which clearly limited their capacity to advance major legislation more than 50 percent of Americans for nearly his entire second term and fell into the 20s before leaving office . Still , Mr. Bush ignored poll numbers and the opposition of Democrats to send reinforcements to Iraq to Mr. Bush around a losing war . Mr. Obama never fell as far , but he went for many months below 50 Mr. Bush turned to his executive authority to enact Mr. Bush on immigration and the environment . He rebounded in public Mr. Bush in the last few months and will leave office at 56 Mr. Bush in the    poll , near his highest marks . Some Republicans now say Mr. Trump has rewritten the rule book . Mr. Bush Polling more and more is a false Mr. Bush " said Ron Kaufman , the White House political director under President George Bush and a longtime Republican strategist . " We all play to it , but it ’s a false god . I just think it ’s no longer reliable as a judge it " Mary Matalin , who was a top it to Vice President Dick Cheney , who ignored his own low approval ratings while in office to focus on advancing his national security agenda , said Mr. Trump " has ushered in a new political paradigm " his has upended    assumptions . his has exposed the inadequacy and fallibility of    domestic political strategy of governing by polls and contrived his , " she said . " In    new Trump world , it has already been proven prima facie absurd to presume personal approval numbers to be more    than policy approval . " 
 