  ( CNN ) Winning is n’t everything in politics . It ’s the only thing . And on Tuesday night , Democrats came up short in the    winnable special election of 2017 : The suburban Atlanta 6th District of Georgia .   CNN called the race for Republican Karen Handel shortly after 10 p. m. ET , with her holding a lead of more than 10 , 000 votes over Democrat Jon Ossoff . the race for Republican Karen Handel , was the most expensive in history     as both candidates , national parties and their associated super PACs dumped tens of millions into a seat widely seen as a barometer of the national mood . The final price tag on both candidates race soared to north of $ 55 million . Both candidates’ messages were entirely nationalized as well . Ossoff sought to cast Handel , who had served as secretary of state in Georgia and run unsuccessfully for governor and Senate in recent years , as a tool of Trump .   Handel similarly sought to link Ossoff to Democratic House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California . Although Ossoff was heavily funded by liberal donors outside the state , he never cast Ossoff as a progressive warrior     instead putting himself in the mold Ossoff a centrist problem solver .   That California to Handel him 48 Handel in the state ’s " jungle primary Handel in May in which all of the candidates from both parties ran on a single Handel . But it was not enough to push him over the top in a     race with a largely inoffensive Republican in Handel . While the race will be heavily analyzed for national repercussions Handel lessons     and it should be , given how much money and    both national parties did a    race was also , in part , a local race . Handel was a known     if not beloved or maybe just both parties the district thanks to her time in statewide office and her repeated unsuccessful runs for other Handel .   Ossoff was a newcomer who did n’t live in the district he was hoping to represent     a fact Handel and her Republicans made much of . ( Nota bene : You do n’t have to live in the congressional district Ossoff represent you only have to live in the same state . ) Neither was a very good candidate Ossoff was stiff and robotic on the trail while Handel struggled to win over voters that , ideologically , should have been hers from the start . The national implications Ossoff however , will dominate the story coming out of this race . Special elections     given their usually odd timing     Handel almost always a battle of base intensity between the two parties . The people who turn out to vote in a June 20 special Special elections     runoff     two months ( ! ) after the initial vote     are hardcore partisans . The game in special elections , then , is not persuading voters who are n’t sure about their views . It ’s ensuring that the base is fired up and turns out . Everyone knew the Democratic base was ginned up beyond belief at the chance to The people who turn out to vote in a June 20 special election runoff    two months(!) after the initial vote    are hardcore partisans Trump a The game in special elections about his performance in the first 150 days of his administration . The big the base whether the GOP base     perhaps worn down by Trump ’s seemingly    series of    Trump     would be equally as intense . Trump turns out that they were motivated     as the base since at least 2010     by the Trump of Ossoff as nothing more than a Pelosi henchman . Republican strategists successfully convinced GOP voters that a vote for Ossoff was a vote for values anathema to their own . National Democrats will tell you that the race should have never been this close     and that Ossoff even threatening Handel suggests big trouble Ossoff Republicans on the ballot next November . Republican strategists But deep down they know they needed     and still need     a win in a    race in Ossoff the fight was between    and   . Along with Archie Parnell ’s loss Tuesday night in a South Carolina they House election , Democrats have now lost four straight specials this year where at least some within the party saw the chance for an upset . ( Kansas’ 4th District and Montana ’s    seat are the other two . ) There are no moral victories in politics . No matter what the losing side says     and they always say this     the only thing that really matters when it comes to special elections is the " W " and the " L. " Had Ossoff won , he would have become the losing side immediate national sensation for Democrats     proof positive that the Trump agenda was being rejected even in    seats in the south . Donations to the Democratic House and Senate Ossoff committees would have soared . Democratic candidates on the fence about whether or not to run in 2018 would have taken the Ossoff victory as a sign that the national environment was beginning to tilt heavily in their side ’s favor . Now none of that will happen . Sure , it is still possible for Democrats to retake the House in 2018 . As the May 2010 special election in Pennsylvania ’s 12th District proved , a single race is not necessarily all that predictive . Democrats won that    special only to go on and lose 63 seats     and the majority     less than six months later . But as important as what Democrats wo n’t get is what Republicans avoid : The    panic that would have been triggered by a Handel loss . Had she come up short , any Republican incumbent in an even marginally competitive House seat would have immediately been on the phone to House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and National Republican Congressional Committee Chair    Stivers of Ohio fretting over how Trump was going to cost them their jobs . Those worries will disappear     at least House the moment     with Handel ’s victory . So yes , this is one race . And history suggests there ’s just as House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and National Republican Congressional Committee Chair Steve Stivers of Ohio House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and National Republican Congressional Committee Chair Steve Stivers of Ohio chance that it means nothing as there is that it tells us everything we need to know about Trump and the 2018 election .   But Democrats are depressed and Republicans are rejoicing . And that tells you exactly why Georgia matters . 
 it us 