Thousands of demonstrators filled the streets in several cities across the country for a second night on Thursday in protests against the election of Donald J. Trump as president . In Portland , Ore. the police arrested 29 people while contending with what the police described as an " aggressive " crowd of about 4 , 000 protesters and widespread reports of vandalism , fires and broken windows . " Due to extensive criminal and dangerous behavior , protest is now considered a riot , " the Portland Police Department said on Twitter . Sgt . Pete Simpson , a police spokesman , said Thursday that there were accounts of protesters with bats and drivers being attacked , but there were no reports of injuries . Photos and videos posted to social media showed vandals    buildings and cars , and the police later said on Twitter that Twitter had deployed " less lethal munitions , " including pepper spray and " rubber ball distraction devices . " Sergeant Simpson said that the overwhelming number of participants were    citizens but that " a smaller segment are   " who were hiding in the crowd . " We ’re constantly assessing what ’s happening and trying to figure out where "a smaller segment are  " who were hiding in the crowd ’re going next , " Sergeant Simpson said . Protests took place in other cities , including Baltimore , Denver , Milwaukee , Oakland and Philadelphia . Some demonstrations started early Wednesday after election returns showed the Democratic nominee , Hillary Clinton , losing to Mr. Trump . On Twitter on Thursday night , Mr. Trump expressed his dissatisfaction at the Mr. Trump , which he said were " Mr. Trump by the media . " On Friday morning , however , Mr. Trump reversed course Mr. Trump    post on Twitter that praised the demonstrators and echoed the themes of unity he expressed in his victory Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country , " he wrote . " We Mr. Trump all come together our be proud ! " Remigio Mateo , 31 , a social worker in Los Angeles , said he was stunned by the Mr. Trump and wondered how a candidate who had used such    language during the presidential campaign could win election to the White House . He wanted to be with Mr. Trump who would understand . When a friend mentioned a protest on Wednesday night at City Hall , Mr. Mateo said he knew Mr. Trump to be Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump This election was a real    call that things are n’t anywhere near as progressive as we thought they were , " he said things " I feel Mr. Trump , disheartened , shocked and afraid of what comes next . I felt I needed to be around others who felt the same way , not only to protest , but to think of how to move forward . " 
 