Supermodel Chrissy Teigen jumped on Instagram Tuesday and wished presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump a happy birthday by calling presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump a " monumental a**hole . " [ " Happy birthday , you monumental a**hole , " Supermodel Chrissy Teigen posted to Supermodel Chrissy Teigen 7 million Instagram followers .    Happy birthday , you monumental asshole , A photo posted by chrissy teigen ( @chrissyteigen ) on Jun 14 , 2016 at 9:23pm PDT ,   The Lip Sync Battle    has made a habit of hurling lewd comments at Trump via social media . Teigan took to Twitter last November to trade verbal jabs with the real estate mogul . Trump tweeted : " Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors . Many I    people ! Not a press event . " Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a a large group of African American Pastors Many I    African American Pastors a press event .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) November 29 , 2015 ,   To which Teigan replied , " so do n’t tweet about it you tw*t . " @realDonaldTrump so do n’t tweet about it you twat ,   —    christine teigen it @chrissyteigen ) November 29 , 2015 ,   Last March , according to the Huffington Post , she fired off a    tweet at Trump that the Huffington Post , " @realDonaldTrump trust us , we all f*cking wish every human on television has never uttered your ( fake ) name . " Attacking Donald Trump online is a family affair , it Trump Teigen ’s husband ,    singer John Legend , has done his fair share of criticism of the Republican White House Teigen’s husband,   singer John Legend . Over the weekend , Legend said Donald Trump is " truly an awful person " after Trump acknowledgment that he was right to suspect that the Trump night club shooter Trump inspired by Islamic extremism . This week , the singer compared the candidate ’s supporters to those who allowed Trump continue unabated in the 19th century without realizing the evil of the practice . Trump is truly an awful person .   https :   . Trump —    John Legend ( @johnlegend ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 