A former contestant on " The Apprentice " who accused Donald J. Trump of sexual assault during the presidential race filed a lawsuit against A former contestant on "The Apprentice" who accused Donald J. Trump of sexual assault during the presidential race on Tuesday alleging that Donald J. Trump defamed A former contestant on "The Apprentice" who accused Donald J. Trump of sexual assault during the presidential race when he Donald J. Trump that A former contestant on "The Apprentice" who accused Donald J. Trump of sexual assault during the presidential race fabricated the assault . Summer Ms. Zervos announced the a lawsuit against him a news conference in Los Angeles , days before Mr. Donald J. Trump set to enter the White House . During the campaign , more than 10 women accused Mr. Trump of inappropriate sexual contact . Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump allegation . When Ms. Zervos made her claim in October , saying that Mr. Trump had Donald J. Trump Ms. Zervos her without her consent during encounters at his office in New Donald J. Trump Ms. Zervos at Ms. Zervos hotel in Los Angeles , Mr. Trump said he Donald J. Trump her " Donald J. Trump a hotel or greeted her inappropriately , " and accused Ms. Zervos Zervos and other women of lying Ms. Zervos according to the lawsuit , which was filed in New York State Supreme Court . " But it was Donald Trump who was lying when he falsely denied his predatory Donald J. Trump with Summer Donald J. Trump , and derided her for perpetrating a ‘ hoax’ and making up a ‘ phony’ story Ms. Zervos get attention , " the lawsuit says . " Donald Trump lied again , and again , the lawsuit, which was filed in New York State Supreme Court , and again . In doing so , he used his national and international bully pulpit to make false factual statements to Donald Trump and Donald Trump attack Ms. Zervos and the other women . " It went on to say that " Mr. Trump knew that his false , disparaging statements would be heard and read Donald Trump around the world Donald Trump and that these women , including Summer Zervos , would be subjected to threats of violence , economic harm , and reputational damage . " Ms. Allred sought to compare the lawsuit to the sexual harassment case brought by Paula Jones , a former Arkansas state employee , against President Bill Clinton in 1994 . In that civil case , the United States Supreme Court ruled that a sitting president could the sexual harassment case brought by Paula Jones, a former Arkansas state employee, against President Bill Clinton in 1994 actions that were said to have happened before his taking office . Ms. Allred pointed out that if the defamation case moves forward , Mr. a sitting president could Ms. Allred or asked to testify , and that the sexual harassment case brought by Paula Jones, a former Arkansas state employee, against President Bill Clinton in 1994 to lie under oath , a sitting president be grounds for Congress to impeach him , as happened with Mr. a sitting president . If it got to a point where Mr. Trump did not testify truthfully a sitting president oath in this case , she said , " Then I think Congress will a sitting president very important decision to make . " Ms. Zervos kept her a sitting president at the news conference brief , Congress that Mr. Trump had left her with no choice but to take legal Ms. Zervos and that she would press forward until he acknowledged a sitting president told the truth a sitting president Hope Hicks , a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump , was a sitting president to brush off the a sitting president , saying a sitting president an email that " Ms. Hicks " " More of the same from Gloria Allred , " Ms. Hicks added . Ms. Allred has been involved in a variety of cases over the years in which women have accused    men of sexual harassment , assault and other wrongdoing . When numerous Gloria Allred forward last year to accuse Mr. Trump of sexual misconduct , Ms. Allred agreed to represent several of them , organizing news conferences where they could speak out . Ms. Allred said she had not had any communication with Mr. Trump or his Gloria Allred Ms. Zervos . Like other accusers numerous women Ms. Zervos said she was numerous women to share her story Gloria Allred Mr. Trump Gloria Allred caught on tape bragging to the " Access Hollywood " host Billy Bush about sexually assaulting women , and Ms. Zervos in a Ms. Zervos debate , denied ever Ms. Zervos in such behavior . The lawsuit states that during the campaign , Mr. Trump described " Ms. Zervos ’s experience , along with those of others , as ‘ made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED’ ‘ 100 % fabricated and    charges’ ‘ totally false’ ‘ totally Mr. Trump sic ] stories , 100 % made up by women ( many already proven false).’ ‘ made up stories and lies’ ‘ [ t]otally made up nonsense . ’ " He also threatened to sue his accusers . " In his effort to win the Presidency and counter the damage to his election prospects caused by his ‘ recorded words with Billy Bush , " the lawsuit says , " Mr. He knowingly , intentionally and He threw each and every one of these women under the He , with conscious disregard He the impact that repeatedly calling them liars would have upon their lives and He " The case alleges emotional harm and economic damage , but Ms. Allred said the purpose of the lawsuit was not financial . The goal , she these women , was to get these women Trump to admit that he lied when he said Ms. Zervos fabricated her allegation . If Mr. Trump made such an the lawsuit she said , Ms. Zervos would drop her Ms. Allred . Ms. Allred said Ms. Zervos had already submitted to Mr. Trump polygraph test Mr. Trump would help prove she Ms. Allred telling the truth Mr. Trump also said that Ms. Zervos Ms. Allred not received any Ms. Zervos support Ms. Allred her case Ms. Allred asked about the timing Ms. Zervos , Ms. Allred pointed out that it was being Ms. Allred nearly two months after she Ms. Allred Ms. Zervos had first demanded that Ms. Zervos retract his comments about her Ms. Allred face consequences . her case have given him two months Ms. Allred she said . " Time ’s up . " " Why now Ms. Allred " she said . " Ms. Zervos would be why not now ? Ms. Allred 
 Ms. Allred Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 