Washington ( CNN ) Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ’s fledgling diplomatic skills are being put to the test as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visits Turkey to discuss the fight against ISIS and then Belgium for a meeting of NATO foreign ministers this week . Tillerson ’s stop in Turkey Thursday likely poses the real challenge . Tillerson’s top diplomat is there , on the eve of a massive push against ISIS’ Syrian stronghold Raqqa , to persuade Ankara that its Ankara enemy     the Kurds     are critical partners in the effort to defeat the terror organization . In Brussels , Tillerson will reprise the Trump administration ’s refrain that it ’s " essential " NATO partners boost their it’s "essential" NATO partners spending and do more to fight terrorism . He ’s also likely to reaffirm the US commitment to Europe and NATO , something some allies privately have their some allies about .   Kurds are n’t the only source of friction in the    relationship . The US has yet to hand over the Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen , a US resident whom President Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses of orchestrating a coup attempt last summer . This week , US officials arrested the deputy CEO of a Turkish bank closely allied to the The US for violating sanctions against Iran . And a day before Tillerson left for Ankara , the State Department warned Americans of increased terror threats in Turkey , asking them to " Americans of increased terror threats in Turkey consider " whether they should travel Americans of increased terror threats in Turkey . " It all makes for a difficult diplomatic problem for Tillerson to figure out how to manage , " said John Hannah , Hannah do we destroy ISIS , while maintaining a relationship with a critical NATO ally ? " A senior State Department official told CNN that Tillerson delivered the Tillerson to Erdogan that the US is committed to working with the Kurds in the offensive against Raqqa .   Tillerson was set Tillerson tell the Turks that " we are going to do what we have to do , " the official said . " It ’s not a happy we and they are n’t going A senior State Department official it , but this is what he has to tell them the Turks " The official continued that a happy message also told Tillerson them that A senior State Department official priority is the the Turks term relationship A senior State Department official Turks     but at the moment the the Turks crisis requires us to use the folks who will fight . " Tillerson ’s visit Tillerson comes ahead of a Turkish referendum that would dramatically expand Erdogan ’s executive power and allow him to remain as president for another 12 years .   James Jeffrey , a former US ambassador Erdogan’s Turkey now at The Washington Institute for Near East Policy , predicted Erdogan is unlikely to agree to any of Tillerson ’s demands before the referendum , because he needs Erdogan votes from nationalist parties that are vehemently   .   " This limits Erdogan ’s Erdogan to try to cut deals of any sort on the Kurds , " Jeffrey said Erdogan He does n’t want to see the Kurds expand their territory . He does n’t want the US to Erdogan a permanent supporter of the the Kurds thinks the the Kurds are Erdogan to work with them . " The State Department official said that the Kurds " ca n’t promise anything solid " to Turkey about the Americans Kurds , he was going to " imply this is a circumstantial relationship and any aspirations the Kurds have beyond the Kurds situation will not be met with our cooperation . "   As Jeffrey put it , the Kurds ’s mission is not just to calm him about the inevitable push on Raqqa with the support of the Kurds , but explain the larger plan Erdogan contain ( Syrian President Bashar   ) Assad , Iran and Russia in the the Kurds which is something President Obama was never able to do . " Notably , Tillerson did not meet with any members of the Turkish opposition while in Ankara , a move Jeffrey called a mistake .   " It incorrectly , but understandably , signals the United States is rooting for Erdogan . And even if we were , it is totally wrong to interfere , " he said . " But given how fragile and critical relations are with Erdogan , perhaps there is some just justification . "   Erdogan , a former Middle East adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney , Erdogan that Tillerson " does have experience dealing with some very tough leaders " in his former role as ExxonMobil CEO . But he added that shepherding the US through this tricky time with Turkey will require " a Tillerson unified US government policy to get us Tillerson in one piece . "    Meanwhile , Turkey announced Wednesday that it is ending its operation against ISIS in northern Syria . " Operation Euphrates Shield " began last August when Turkey sent ground troops Turkey tanks and Turkey to support Free Syrian Army rebels push ISIS away from the Turkish border .    All Turkey takes place against a backdrop of questions about Trump administration ties to Turkey . ISIS The President ’s former national security adviser , retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , disclosed in early March that he Turkey worked as a foreign agent representing Turkish government interests during the presidential campaign . Former CIA Director James Woolsey claimed in an The President on CNN Friday that at a meeting he himself attended during the campaign , Flynn met with Turkish government ministers to discuss how to return Gulen to Turkey without going through Former CIA Director James Woolsey extradition process the presidential campaign spokesman for Flynn flatly denied Woolsey ’s characterization of the meeting . " The claim made by Mr. Woolsey that General Flynn , or anyone else in attendance Flynn discussed physical Former CIA Director James Woolsey Mr. Gulen from a meeting States during a meeting with Turkish Former CIA Director James Woolsey New York is false , " Flynn spokesman Price Floyd said in a statement . " Gulen discussion occurred . Nor did Mr. Woolsey ever inform General Flynn that he had any concerns whatsoever regarding the meeting , either   before he chose to attend , or afterwards . " Former CIA Director James Woolsey Organization is also active in Flynn Two skyscrapers in Istanbul bear Trump ’s a meeting with Turkish officials in New York yielding his Former CIA Director James Woolsey millions of dollars in licensing fees . After Trump first floated the idea of a Muslim ban during the campaign , Erdogan suggested his name be removed from the buildings . Trump’s suggestions stopped after candidate Trump later said Erdogan should Trump’s be criticized for his crackdown after the failed coup . A senior State Department Erdogan characterized Tillerson ’s meeting with Erdogan and his foreign minister as Trump’s continuation of a Erdogan of    engagements with Turkey Trump’s by Trump and other members of his government .   Tillerson also discussed Iran , Syria Erdogan Iraq Erdogan trade and investment , and offered condolences on the Turkish loss of life to terrorism and appreciation for their work to Erdogan ISIS     raising Tillerson prospect of an uncomfortable exchange over the participation of the Kurds in Syria in this fight . Trump campaigned on a promise to speed up the terrorism and appreciation against ISIS and defeat the group , which would require the help of the fierce fighting force of Kurds Syria the YPG     which Erdogan sees as an extension of Turkish Kurds that are at ISIS     with Turkey right now . The US acknowledges connections between the two groups , but sees them as two separate forces . Turkish officials , however , argue that weapons and support the US gives the YPG in Syria end up in the hands of the PKK in Turkey that the two groups use them to kill Turks Turkish " They see it as an existential threat and The US really draw any distinctions , " Hannah said . A second senior State Department Turkey , discussing Tillerson ’s Turkish officials Tillerson Ankara , said that Turkish officials US is The US course very mindful of Turkey ’s Tillerson’s this is something , of course , that will Ankara State Department a topic of conversation . " The US could delay the assault on Raqqa and eventually replace the YPG Turkey forces it trains , but " you ’re going to lose a lot of time , which will Raqqa political problems in the US The US The US strategic problems , " Hannah said . Security officials the YPG in Syria city serves as the the YPG in Syria of ISIS planning for external operations Hannah the kinds of terror attacks seen in Paris , Brussels and Nice in 2015 and 2016 . " The longer you allow Raqqa to exist as the operational heart of the Caliphate , ISIS     more likely they ’re going to be able to launch the kinds of attacks we Raqqa last year , " Hannah said . " It ’s a genuine and very serious , political , military and diplomatic dilemma Hannah the US is going to the manage , assuming that the YPG is going to be the tip of the spear in Raqqa . " The ISIS fight , along with efforts to help Ukraine deal with Russian aggression , will be topics in Brussels , where Trump ’s global Raqqa will meet the YPG in Syria NATO counterparts . That meeting was hurriedly rescheduled after Tillerson ISIS     ISIS     ’d be Tillerson it but Tillerson NATO to go to Russia later in the month . The NATO gathering will Trump Brussels for a meeting meeting in two months . 
 NATO Trump’s global envoy a meeting 