Cast members from the TV show The West Wing plan to campaign for Hillary Clinton in Ohio this weekend , while the Democratic nominee prepares for the Democratic nominee first debate performance . [ The throwback message will feature actors Richard Schiff , Allison Janney , Bradley Whitford , Dulé Hill , Joshua Malina and Mary McCormack , who played the characters Toby , C. J. Josh , Charlie , Will and Kate , respectively , in the    television series about the fictional presidency of Josiah Bartlett , who was played by actor Martin Sheen .   The events will take place in over a    cities across Ohio as the actors will explain to supporters why supporters are supporting Clinton in the 2016 race . The deadline for registering to vote in Ohio is October 11 . In an interview with USA Today in June , West Wing creator Aaron Sorkin criticized Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump , whose candidacy West Wing creator Aaron Sorkin called " dangerous " for the country . Who would President Bartlet endorse in 2016 race ? West Wing creator Aaron Sorkin weighs in : https :   .    —    TODAY ( @TODAYshow ) June 22 , 2016 ,   " I believe we ’re in a terribly dangerous situation right now , where a person   —    I ’m not talking about his where a person   statements   —    he where a person   n’t know anything , " the       screenwriter said . " It feels to me the      screenwriter he where a person   simply   …      Mrs. Clinton uses a gentle word when she Mrs. Clinton he Mrs. Clinton n’t have the temperament to be in the White House . " The cast of the show   —    which won four consecutive Emmy Awards during its first four seasons   —    has participated in    political events before . In April , actress Allison Janney , who played press secretary C. J. Cregg on the the show   surprised reporters in the White House briefing room by appearing in character to deliver the morning ’s announcements . In January , cast members including Martin Sheen , Bradley Whitford and Janney appeared in a video for the White House to promote its " the White House Block of Cheese Day "   —    familiar to fans of the show   —    in which Obama administration officials answered questions from the public on social media .     Follow Charlie Spiering on Twitter : @charliespiering 
 