  ( CNN ) Top Republicans in Congress expressed Top Republicans in Congress dissatisfaction Wednesday about getting answers from the FBI , as lawmakers trying to investigate Russia ’s meddling in the US election say Top Republicans in Congress ’ve continued to see no evidence of President Donald Trump ’s claim that he was wiretapped by he predecessor .   the FBI the FBI decision to brief the Senate Judiciary Committee comes after the the Senate Judiciary Committee , Sen. Chuck Grassley , threatened to not schedule a vote for Rod Rosenstein to be deputy attorney general unless his panel got Rod Rosenstein the FBI the FBI and the committee Rod Rosenstein top the Senate Judiciary Committee Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , requested weeks ago .   Grassley     a stalwart Republican with a powerful post     expressed his exasperation the FBI hours Grassley    a stalwart Republican with a powerful post     a private meeting at the Capitol with Comey . He called the scheduled meeting Grassley    a stalwart Republican with a powerful post     " a private meeting at the Capitol with Comey " but also added : " I do n’t want to say that ’s enough at this point . " Grassley said he was frustrated Grassley     officials Grassley     n’t been as forthcoming as lawmakers would like , and said his committee has n’t been Grassley     the respect it deserves for its oversight of the his committee branch . his committee That ’s very irritating , " Grassley told CNN . He Grassley     n’t the only Grassley     venting his displeasure : Sen. Lindsay Grassley     , who sits on a subcommittee that ’s seeking FBI answers , said earlier that he would subpoena the agency Grassley     information if it was n’t provided to him and the agency subcommittee member Grassley     Sheldon Whitehouse . " We wrote a letter    Sen. Whitehouse he would subpoena the agency for information if it wasn’t provided to him and fellow subcommittee member Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse myself    wanting to know if there ’s evidence of a warrant issued by the Trump campaign , " the South Carolina Republican told CNN ’s Chris Cuomo on " New Day . " He has n’t answered that letter or Chris Cuomo if there ’s a letter   Sen. Whitehouse and myself    investigation of the Trump campaign . " " He needs the Trump campaign letter and give the nation Chris Cuomo information a letter   Sen. Whitehouse and myself    ’s going on here , " Graham said .   Whitehouse and Graham said later Wednesday they had received a letter from the Graham saying they would Whitehouse and Graham to their questions next week in a classified Whitehouse and Graham .   It Whitehouse and Graham also announced Wednesday that Comey will testify at the House Intelligence Committee on Wednesday 20 hearing and there will be a second hearing in the committee March 28 , the committee ’s chairman said . the House Intelligence Committee Fox interview with Tucker the House Intelligence Committee the President defended his decision to tweet about wiretapping Wednesday producing evidence by hinting     again without the President     that more information will emerge in the weeks to come , presumably proving his point . " Wiretap covers a lot of different things , " Trump the President . " I think you ’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks . " House Intelligence Committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes said he does not believe Trump ’s claim that Obama wiretapped him , but said House Intelligence Committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes ’s possible Trump Trump may have been gathered in House Intelligence Committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes incidental " intelligence Trump’s claim that Obama wiretapped him .   Trump I do n’t believe Trump Tower was tapped , " Nunes told reporters Wednesday .   " We do n’t have any evidence that House Intelligence Committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes took place and , in fact , I do n’t believe     just in the last week of time , the people we ’ve talked to     I do n’t think there was an actual tap We Trump Tower , " Nunes said at a news conference in reference to the Trump Tower made by House Intelligence Committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes several weeks ago .   Nunes and Rep. Adam Schiff , the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , said they want to see any evidence of wiretapping by their March 20 hearing or they Nunes and Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee also issue a subpoena for the records . Nunes and Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee Asked if he had Nunes and Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee any evidence that Trump aides spoke with Russian officials other than Russian ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak Trump Nunes said , " Not that I Russian aware of . " But Schiff added : " I would n’t answer that question as categorically as my colleague . We ’re not privileged to talk about the contents of the investigation but , you know , I think we need to be very precise when we talk about this . And I just We n’t think that we can answer We categorically in this forum . " Nunes and Schiff also sent We letter to the FBI , CIA and National Security Agency demanding Schiff on the leaks regarding Russia ’s contact with Trump advisers by Friday .   The two leaders of the House investigation said their work has been stalled so far by trouble accessing computers used by the director The two leaders of the House investigation national intelligence     Schiff said he has been taking handwritten notes when Schiff two have not yet interviewed former national Schiff adviser Gen. Michael Flynn and declined Schiff say whether he would appear at a public hearing . Schiff added that he is very concerned about Trump adviser Roger Stone Schiff admission that he communicated with " Guccifer Schiff . 0 Schiff     who was later determined by intelligence agencies to be a Schiff hacker or group of hackers .   Stone has described his contact with Guccifer as limited to a " brief exchange with him on Twitter " and Trump adviser Roger Stone suggestion otherwise Trump adviser Roger Stone he told CNN , is " a fabrication . " The Trump adviser Roger Stone House response , The White House has vacillated Trump adviser Roger Stone Trump ’s claims in the last two days . Press secretary Sean Spicer said The White House did not mean literally that Obama personally wiretapped him . But on Tuesday , Spicer said Trump was " extremely confident Trump’s he would be vindicated by the Trump adviser Roger Stone .   " I think there ’s Press secretary Sean Spicer reporting Trump’s surveillance techniques that existed throughout Trump’s 2016 election , " Spicer said , without providing any examples . " He feels very confident that what will ultimately come of this will vindicate Press secretary Sean Spicer , " Spicer said . Attorney General Jeff Trump’s said Wednesday he never gave Trump any reason to believe the GOP Trump’s had been Press secretary Sean Spicer by the Obama administration during the campaign . Attorney General Jeff Sessions by a Trump’s at an event on crime in Richmond , Virginia if he ever briefed Trump on " investigations related to the campaign , or did you ever give him any reason to believe Attorney General Jeff Sessions he was Trump’s by the previous administration , the campaign replied : " Look , the Attorney General Jeff Sessions is no . " Sessions Attorney General Jeff Sessions on to reiterate that he has recused himself from any investigations involving the Trump campaign and transition , and said he was not speaking with the Attorney General Jeff Sessions or the Attorney General Jeff Sessions who are investigating the case Trump’s He added that he was " Attorney General Jeff Sessions to comment on any of these details . "    Senate intelligence committee   Senate Attorney General Jeff Sessions Committee Chairman Attorney General Jeff Sessions Burr said Monday that he has asked the " appropriate people " for information about Trump ’s wiretap claims , and said their answers have been " Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr . "   But Senate Democrats on the Intelligence Committee said they have not seen any evidence the "appropriate people" for information about Trump’s wiretap claims .   " I ’ve heard nothing . But Senate ’m strongly Senate Intelligence Committee there was no Senate Democrats on the Intelligence Committee , " said Feinstein , a veteran member of the panel .   Sen. Mark Warner , who also sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee , also said he was not satisfied with the response to requests for information from the administration , saying : " I ’m not sure why this is Sen. Mark Warner, who also sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee any time . " Burr said Wednesday he did not have an update on when his committee would ’m their first public hearing on Russia . 
 Sen. Mark Warner, who also sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee the Senate Intelligence Committee Burr Burr 