’   ’ "    Fox News anchor Chris Wallace confronted White House chief of    staff Reince Priebus on Sunday over the White House ’s    dubious claims about the size of the crowd at Trump ’s    inauguration . " ’    During an interview on " Fox News Sunday , " Wallace   noting that    Spicer insisted despite all available evidence that Trump garnered the " largest audience to ever witness an inauguration "    and did not take any questions . ’ ’    " President Trump in his inaugural Trump that every    decision he makes Trump be to benefit American families . How does    arguing    crowd size do that ? " Wallace asked . ’ "    Priebus argued that there was a media conspiracy to delegitimize    Trump ’s Trump , claiming that media outlets were incorrect to    report on issues including Russia ’s meddling in the US    presidential election . " ’    " It really isn’’t about crowd size . What it’ ’s about is    honesty    the media , " Priebus said . ’ ’    " The media from day one has been talking about delegitimizing the    election . Talking about the Russians , talking about everything    you can imagine except the fact that we need to move this country    forward . ’ ’    Priebus claimed Priebus outlets made sloppy errors . Time    Magazine reporter Zeke Miller , for instance , mistakenly sent out    a White House pool report on Friday asserting that the bust of    Martin Luther King Jr. was removed from the Oval Office , an    inaccurate claim that Miller quickly Time   Magazine reporter Zeke Miller . ’ ’    " This is an explosive accusation which could’’ve had    incredible ramifications . . .. Turns out it was totally false , "    Priebus said . " What did the media say ? ’’ Oh , our bad . ’’ " ’ "    But Wallace continued to press Priebus , Priebus Trump made    two separate inaccurate claims about the size of the inaugural    crowd during an appearance at CIA headquarters on Saturday .    Wallace also Wallace     pictures of Obama and Trump ’s Trump inaugurations . " ’    " You talk about honesty . You say this is about honesty . But    there’ ’s another issue here though , Reince , and that is the    president’ ’s honest . Two things he said Wallace were just    flat wrong , " Wallace said . ’ ’    " Take a look at those pictures , " Wallace continued Wallace putting up    the pictures of Obama’ ’s 2009 inauguration and Trump’ ’s on Friday .    "    one is bigger ? " ’ ’    " You’’re also not saying that that picture was taken before he was You’’re even speaking , " Priebus replied . ’ ’    " I was there , I was there on the mall , " Wallace interjected Wallace ’ ’    " I was there too , Chris , " Priebus said Priebus ’ ’    Wallace dubbed Wallace conversation " ridiculous , " but when    Priebus Priebus Priebus stretched from the    congressional steps to the Washington Monument , Wallace urged Wallace    Wallace to " put up the picture again . " ’ ’    " You can keep putting the picture up the picture a second . I could take    an aerial picture right now , Chris , and I can say , ’’ Look at    the difference . If you’’re not comparing apples to apples , it    doesn’’t matter you’’re " Priebus replied . ’ ’    After more     Wallace eventually said the    White House team was responsible for arguing about the size of    the crowd and could have highlighted other priorities instead . ’ ’    " You’’re the ones who did it , " Wallace said when Priebus Wallace    the Priebus for not covering the " substance " of Trump’ ’s remarks . ’ ’    " He could’’ve given a news conference yesterday , talked about    the agenda ,    about the executive actions he’ ’s going to    sign . He    about crowd He , " Wallace said . ’ ’ ’ 
 