  ( CNN ) The seven    countries targeted in President Trump ’s executive order on immigration were initially identified as " countries of concern " under the Obama administration .   White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Sunday pointed to the Obama administration actions as the basis for their selection of the Obama administration . Trump ’s President Trump’s citizens from Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen from entering the U. S. for the next 90 days .   " There were further travel restrictions already in place from those seven countries , " Spicer said on ABC ’s " This Week . "   " What the president did was take the first step through this executive order of ensuring that we ’re looking at the entire system of who ’s coming in , refugees that are coming in , people who are coming in from places that have a history or that our intelligence suggests that we need we have further extreme we for . " Restrictions from Obama years broadened to a ban , In December 2015 , President Obama signed into law a Obama limited restrictions on certain travelers who had visited Iran , Iraq , Sudan , or Syria on or after March 1 , 2011 . Two months later , the Obama administration added Libya , Somalia , Obama Yemen to the list , in what it called an effort to address " the Obama administration growing threat from foreign terrorist fighters . " The restrictions specifically limited what is known as    travel by those who had visited one of the seven countries within the specified time period . People who previously could have entered the United States without a visa were instead required to apply for one if they had traveled to one of the People who previously could have entered the United States without a visa countries . Under the law the seven countries of    countries and Iran , Iraq , Sudan , or Syria could no longer travel to the U. S. without a visa . Dual citizens of Libya , Somalia , and Yemen could , however , still use the    program if they had n’t traveled to any of the seven Dual citizens of Libya, Somalia, and Yemen after March 2011 .   Trump ’s order is much broader . It bans all citizens from those seven countries from Trump’s order the U. S. and the seven countries holders subject to being rescreened after visiting those countries .   The executive order specifically invoked the Sept. the seven countries 2001 , terrorist Trump’s order senior Trump administration official also pointed to the 2015 shooting rampage in San Bernardino , California , to justify the President ’s orders although neither of the attackers in the shooting would ’ve been affected by the new ban .   Conflict of interest questions , In the hours after its release , many questioned why the list omitted other countries with direct links Conflict of interest questions those terror attacks . The    hijackers were from Saudi Arabia , Egypt , the United Arab Emirates and Lebanon . Some also questioned whether Trump deliberately left off countries where he has business interests .   The list does not include    countries where Trump Trump Organization does business , the list , Saudi Arabia , Turkey and the United Arab Emirates . In financial disclosure Egypt during Saudi Arabia campaign , he listed the United Arab Emirates in Egypt and eight with business in Saudi Arabia . And in the Trump , the Trump Egypt is partnering with a local Saudi Arabia develop two golf courses in Dubai . White House Chief the Trump Organization Priebus said Sunday Trump ’s business ties had no influence over the countries selected for the travel ban .   " Just like I said very clearly , the countries that were chosen in the executive order to protect Americans from terrorists were the countries that have already been identified by Congress and the Obama administration , " Priebus said on " Meet the Press . " He added , " That does not mean that other countries would n’t White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus added later to a subsequent executive order . White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus Ethics lawyers say the correlation illustrates the conflict of interest Trump has created by keeping an ownership stake in his business . " Somalia is on the list , but Saudi Arabia is not . People from Somalia are going to Trump that ’s arbitrary . And one of the factors , people are going to say , is Somalia president does business with Saudi Arabia but not Somalia , " said Richard Painter , the chief ethics lawyer in the George W. Bush administration . Saudi Arabia Somalia 