’   ’ ’      Donald Trump is pushing Republicans to shorten    Republicans timetable for repealing the Affordable Care Act , the    healthcare law better known as Obamacare . ’ ’    According to   Donald Trump told The Times on    Tuesday that he wanted the ACA immediately repealed and replaced ,    calling the law a " catastrophic event . " ’ ’    Donald Trump appeared to be pushing back at Republicans who have in    recent days suggested delaying a repeal until a full replacement    plan is developed . ’ ’    It also flies in the face of a plan by GOP lawmakers to pass a    bill that would nominally repeal the bill while   by two to four    years to build a replacement . ’ ’ Trump said Trump wanted Obamacare    to be repealed " probably sometime next week " and a replacement to    be introduced " very quickly or simultaneously . " ’ ’’ ’    This is a massive undertaking given the complexity of the ACA . ’ ’ that a long time for getting    repeal done " would be weeks " and that Trump did not favor a       strategy that would take years to roll back the ACA . ’ ’    A bill currently in front of Senate committee would repeal most    of Obamacare using a process known as budget reconciliation and    has    deadline for January 27 to bring a full repeal bill to the    Senate . ’ ’    There has been   of the ACA the ACA Republicans , however . Five GOP senators proposed an amendment to    the bill on a full repeal bill to extend this deadline to a deadline for January 27 to bring a full repeal bill to the   Senate to    give lawmakers more time    come to an agreement on a replacement    bill . ’ ’    The leader of the amendment , Sen. Bob Corker , of Tennessee ,     could be found    that would keep the    than 23 million people who have gained    access to health insurance    the ACA from seeing a    disruption in their coverage    ’ ’ The leader of the amendment, Sen. Bob Corker, of Tennessee,     " By extending the deadline for    instructions    until March , Congress and the incoming administration will each    have additional time to get the policy right , "   on Monday night . ’ ’    House Speaker Paul Ryan   that Republican leaders    wanted to repeal and replace the ACA " concurrently . " Ryan said    Republicans had a plan to replace the law   —    most likely referring    to his " Better Way "    proposal   —    but GOP leadership has    not advanced a specific    . ’ ’    Additionally , numerous GOP senators including    and GOP have all    a desire to wait until a full    replacement plan is ready to go before repealing the law . ’ ’    In addition to lighting a fire under Republicans ,   that he was taking on Democrats as well .    Democrats have said they will not assist Republicans Democrats any    replacement or repeal of    , saying any such plan would    " make America sick    . " ’ ’ that Democrats had numerous senators    up for reelection in 2018 in states carried by the      in November . Trump said he would " be out Trump    campaigning " in those states and those Democrats should therefore    assist with the new    bill . ’ 
 