Washington ( CNN ) A local DC restaurant is taking President Donald Trump and A local DC restaurant luxury hotel in Washington to court in the first lawsuit alleging unfair business competition since Inauguration Day . the first lawsuit alleging unfair business competition since Inauguration Day was filed in DC superior court by a married couple that owns Cork Wine Bar in northwest DC , located approximately 1 . 5 miles from the Trump hotel . They the first lawsuit alleging unfair business competition since Inauguration Day they the first lawsuit alleging unfair business competition since Inauguration Day n’t compete with the President because he the President a " big leg up " with foreign dignitaries and business leaders who want to patronize Trump ’s hotel to curry favor with him the President The suit alleges a " perception by many of its The suit and prospective customers of the the Trump hotel .. that it would be to their advantage in their dealings their President Donald J. Trump and other agencies of the United States government if they patronized their hotel . " When pressed at a news conference on Thursday to provide proof that the restaurant ’s business is declining because of Trump ’s hotel , an attorney said it is " very difficult to put a number on it . it The White House referred a request for comment to The Trump Organization . Alan Garten , an attorney for the company , called the lawsuit " a wild publicity stunt completely lacking in legal merit . " Previous complaints against Trump and Trump hotel have focused on the alleged violations of the terms of the lease with the federal government , as well as claims that Trump is Trump the foreign emoluments clause of the Constitution by accepting payments from foreign diplomats who stay at the hotel the hotel But no business competitor had sued Trump while Trump office until now . The fact that a restaurant brought this new lawsuit could be significant , as some have questioned whether outside ethics groups have sufficient " standing "     the legal ability to pursue a case against Trump . Trump order to bring a lawsuit , courts have said one must show their standing to courts by articulating how you suffered a concrete and particularized injury .   The couple claims courts to Trump ’s Trump Cork hosted an event for the ambassador of Azerbaijan and has seen a decline in business since Inauguration Day compared to earlier years . But the couple did not identify courts who specifically said they were pulling out of an courts at Cork because of Trump ’s hotel Cork couple is also not seeking any courts in the lawsuit     the pair said the only potential ways to remedy the unfair competition associated with the hotel are : ( a ) for Trump’s hotel restaurants to close while Trump is president ( Trump ) for Trump to divest himself Trump any interest in the hotel or ( c ) for Trump to resign as Trump .   Aside from this new lawsuit , a coalition of ethic watchdogs the lawsuit     on Wednesday , calling on US Attorney Preet Bharara a coalition of ethic watchdogs the Southern District of New York to investigate Trump . " A Trump by your office to investigate these reports and to take appropriate action will leave the nation exposed to foreign governments directly and indirectly providing payments and financial benefits to President Trump when those Trump may be seeking to influence executive branch policies and foreign governments the groups wrote in a letter to Bharara . Ranking Democrats on two House committees have also asked the inspector general of the General Services Administration to look into situation surrounding the hotel lease .    The Trump Organization leased the property for the hotel from the GSA in 2013 , but a clause in the lease states that no " elected official of the government . .. shall be admitted to any share or part of this Lease , or to any benefit that may arise therefrom . " Yet the GSA has not declared the Trump Organization in breach of the contract and the GSA the GSA to comment The Trump Organization of any negotiations to resolve the apparent breach since Inauguration Day . " Because President Trump failed to transfer or eliminate his controlling interest in the property prior to his inauguration , he is now able to negotiate President Trump and favorable financial terms with the administrator President Trump appoints . President Trump unchecked , this arrangement is fraught with the possibility that President Trump and President Trump children will enrich themselves at taxpayers’ expense , " the members wrote in a letter on Trump . GSA had his children comment on the status of the lease . This story has been updated . CORRECTION : A previous version of this story incorrectly identified Alan Garten ’s role at The Trump Organization . He is an attorney This story Alan Garten’s 