’   ’ "    Nordstrom has responded to a shopper ’s viral open letter    demanding that Nordstrom stop selling Ivanka Trump ’s fashion    brand . " "    The Nordstrom a response on Twitter Wednesday , saying    it ’s    taking a political position by selling Trump ’s Ivanka Trump’s " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " When Ivanka appears with her father at Ivanka rallies to her father    his views    her father also simultaneously Ivanka her clothing and Ivanka tweets about what she was wearing Ivanka Those products often sell out    quickly as a result , " she said . Ivanka So it is inaccurate for    Nordstrom to    that it is not participating in politics or    taking a position when it is directly it from Ivanka    promoting her wares at Ivanka where her father is Ivanka racist    and sexist comments . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI usually purchase Gucci from   but shopped with the Gucci boutique instead because Nordstrom carries Trump brand    ’ ’    She said she Ivanka longer Ivanka comfortable shopping at Nordstrom . ’ Nordstrom    " Last year , I spent over $ 15 , 000 in that store , " she said . Ivanka I    have spent roughly $ 8 , 000 with Nordstrom this year Nordstrom Last year but I    have not shopped    for the past month and will not shop there    for the holiday    as a result of this boycott . " ’ "    Laura said she rarely shops at Laura other than Nordstrom , but Nordstrom will be boycotting    other stores that carry the Trump brand ,    including Macy ’s    Neiman Marcus , and Bloomingdales . " "    Here ’s the letter : " ’ ’ " ’t’t’tAn open letter to   regarding Ivanka Trump ’s toxic brand . Please share if you agree .    " "    Laura is n’t the only shopper boycotting Nordstrom and others that    carry Trump ’s products . " "    The boycott movement was launched in    by brand    strategist Shannon Coulter . She launched the hashtag brand   strategist Shannon Coulter # GrabYourWallet on Twitter , which has become a rallying cry in    the effort to take down Trump ’s brand . Trump’s    As of Monday , the # GrabYourWallet campaign had more than 119    million impressions on Twitter , which include retweets and likes ,    . ’ ’    Some celebrities have shown support for the boycott , including    " Ben & Jerry’ ’s cofounder Ben Cohen , writer Joyce Carol Oates ,    Valerie Bertinelli , Lucy Lawless , and Oscar nominee Don Cheadle , "    according to The Wrap . ’ "    There ’s some evidence that the negative publicity has started    affecting Trump ’s brand . " ’    Searches for her products online soared between July and October ,     citing data from ShopRunner . During a    week in October , searches for her October were up more her 335 %    over April 2016 , according to the data . ’ ’ data from ShopRunner search traffic has taken a nosedive since the start of the    boycott . ’ ’    " We certainly see in the data , in the last data from ShopRunner two , very much    timed with the boycott , the decline in interest the   boycott hard to say    whether that’ ’s just a temporary blip , " ShopRunner CMO Angela Song    told Fast Company . ’ ’    But she     saying many women still support her . ’ ’    " The beauty she America is people can do what they like , but I’’d    prefer to people to the millions , tens of millions of American    women who are inspired by the brand and the message that I’’ve    created , " she said . ’ "    In 2015 she CNN     that Macy ’s was would stop selling Donald Trump    merchandise   " 
 