WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Donald Trump called for the roughly 1 , 500 people who gathered at the Values Voter Summit to help unite the divided nation .   " You have to get out and vote ! " Donald Trump told the ballroom filled with faith motivated voters , suggesting faith motivated voters did n’t get out and vote in the 2012 presidential election . " If you do , faith motivated voters ’re going to win by a lot . " Donald Trump thanked evangelicals for supporting Donald Trump during the GOP primary . " It will be faith motivated voters faith in God and Donald Trump teachings , in each other , that will lead faith motivated voters back to unity , " the Republican nominee stated while speaking at the Omni Shoreham Hotel . " It ’s that spirit of giving that faith motivated voters will need   …     to rebuild this country . " . @realDonaldTrump praises @realDonaldTrump support from evangelicals at # VVS2016 @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer ( @ASwoyer ) September 9 , 2016 ,   The New Yorker said that the " media culture " in this country " often mocks and demeans people of faith . " " All the time , I hear from concerned parents how much harder it is for Christian families to raise their Christian families in today ’s media environment . Your values of love , charity and faith built this this country So how can it be that our media treats people of faith so poorly ? " Trump questioned Trump adding , " One of the reasons is that our politicians have abandoned you . " " So let me state this up front : in a Trump Administration , our Christian heritage will be cherished , protected and defended   —    and that includes your religious liberty , " he vowed . Academy Award winning actor Jon Voight introduced Trump at the summit , slamming his rival Hillary Clinton I feel there is a dark cloud over the country now and we are all witness to Hillary Clinton ’s lies and corruption , " Voight stated actor Jon Voight Trump joined Trump on actor Jon Voight . " We are witness to President Obama covering every false move that she makes and making them Hillary Clinton right . " Jon Voight actor Jon Voight at # VVS2016 " How can anyone doubt his sincerity ? actor Jon Voight @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer ( @ASwoyer ) September 9 , 2016 ,   " My heart aches watching Donald Trump day after day   …     how can anyone doubt his sincerity ? " Voight questioned , adding that if Trump becomes president the dark cloud Donald Trump is hovering over the country will be lifted . 
 