  ( CNN ) Hassan Aden flies so frequently , flight crews know Hassan Aden by name . The retired North Carolina police chief now runs a consulting firm , sending The retired North Carolina police chief across Hassan Aden on a weekly basis .   And whenever he The retired North Carolina police chief internationally , he The retired North Carolina police chief returns to a familiar greeting by US Customs and Border Protection officers : " Welcome home , sir . "   That was until last week , when Aden Hassan Aden first international trip of the year left him The retired North Carolina police chief his The retired North Carolina police chief as a US citizen have been eroded .   Aden Hassan Aden he The retired North Carolina police chief coming home from celebrating his The retired North Carolina police chief ’s 80th birthday in Paris when he The retired North Carolina police chief detained by a CBP officer at New York ’s John F. Kennedy International Airport .   He The retired North Carolina police chief he The retired North Carolina police chief a CPD officer , " who did n’t say anything when I handed him The retired North Carolina police chief passport , and ( he The retired North Carolina police chief looked at me The retired North Carolina police chief a gruff expression and simply stated , ’Are you traveling alone ? ’ " Aden posted on Facebook . " I knew this was a sign of trouble . " Aden Aden , " Yes , " and the a CPD officer , " Let ’s take a CPD officer walk . " Aden said Aden The retired North Carolina police chief taken to a room with signs that said " Remain seated at all times " and " use of telephones strictly prohibited . " The retired police chief from Greenville , North Carolina , said those were clear indications he The retired North Carolina police chief being detained . He The retired North Carolina police chief he The retired North Carolina police chief there for an hour and a half . Aden told Aden CBP officer he The retired North Carolina police chief a former police chief and US citizen . But neither fact helped his The retired North Carolina police chief .   " His The retired North Carolina police chief of the law and the Fourth Amendment should disqualify him The retired North Carolina police chief being able to wear a CBP badge    but maybe fear and detention is the new mission of the CBP and the Constitution is a mere suggestion , " Aden said .   " As former law enforcement , believe me , I agree that if certain criteria is met , a reasonable investigative detention is not inappropriate     the key here being ’reasonable.’ " CBP : We ’re committed to fair and impartial treatment , US Borders and Customs Protection released a statement to CNN , declining to provide details on Aden ’s Aden    " Due to the Privacy Act , we can not We on specific cases , but all travelers arriving to the U. S. are subject to CBP inspection . At times , travelers may be inconvenienced as we work through the arrival process to ensure those entering the country are doing so legitimately and lawfully , " the statement said .   " CBP is committed CBP the fair , impartial and respectful treatment of all members of the trade and traveling public , and has memorialized its commitment to CBP in existing policies , including the February 2014 CBP Policy on Nondiscrimination in Law Enforcement Activities . .. This policy prohibits CBP Policy on Nondiscrimination in Law Enforcement Activities of race or ethnicity in law enforcement , investigation , and screening activities , in all but the most exceptional circumstances . "   Aden said he appreciates ’the difficult and dangerous " job CBP officers perform . " But when you ’re dealing with US citizens , reasonableness should [ come ] into play . "   5 minutes vs. 90 minutes , Aden said he ’s Aden not he why he was detained for he minutes when about 25 " foreign nationals were also brought in and quickly released , their detentions were reasonable about 25 "foreign nationals appropriate , maybe 5 or so minutes while their passports were checked about 25 "foreign nationals " He said a second he more helpful CBP officer had " CBP that my name was used as an alias by someone on some watch list . He stated that he he my information he another agency to    and clear me . " But Aden said in some parts of the world , " Hassan Aden is like Aden "     a very common name . He said he ’d he been he before this year , and a quick check of his passport and his he history would he him .   So he is this happening now ? Aden said he thinks the Aden he has ushered in a new attitude that may have trickled down to government employees .   " I think there ’s a lot of rhetoric on travel bans , homeland security and measures around national security , " Aden told CNN . " Aden do think it has something to do with the new administration . .. the Trump administration think it ’s a coincidence . " " it experience has left me feeling vulnerable and unsure of the future of a country that was once great and that I proudly called my own , " he wrote . " My freedoms were restricted , and I can not be sure it wo n’t happen again , and My freedoms it wo n’t happen to my family My freedoms my children , the next time we travel abroad . This country now feels cold , unwelcoming , and in the beginning stages of a country that is isolating itself from the rest of the world This country and its own people     in an unprecedented This country . " 
 