Tuesday night on " CNN Tonight , " while discussing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s comments about the Second Amendment and Donald Trump’s opponent , Reiner said the real danger in Donald Trump words are that his followers " have a violent nature , and a violent Reiner . "   Reiner said , " I ca n’t believe we ’re having a conversation . That we are having a conversation about this kind of talk from we man who is running for president of the United States . The volume of idiocy that comes out of his mouth , you ca n’t wrap your mind around it a man who is running for president of the United States First , he said let ’s have a foreign his mouth spy on this a man who is running for president of the United States , then he demeans a Gold Star family , now he ’s recommending a man who is running for president of the United States as a remedy for a political redress a man who is running for president of the United States It ’s crazy , and the fact that we ’re even having this conversation and that this man is running for president , we ’re living in a man who is running for president of the United States of a dream world , I we . " He added , " Well , it ’s dangerous because of the a man who is running for president of the United States of followers that he has It I mean it ’s no secret that there are a man who is running for president of the United States lot of white supremacist It    groups that support him . Those people have a violent nature , and a violent a man who is running for president of the United States , and they want to redress things with violence . So when you have Those people candidate that says things like , you know , ‘ I could shoot somebody on 5th Avenue and it would n’t change anybody ’s opinion of me,’ and he incites violence at his rallies , and he has these kinds me,’ followers it ’s me,’ , very scary me,’ My wife is the daughter of a Holocaust survivor , and these are the kinds of things that we ’ve heard in the past . My aunt is a Holocaust survivor . When we hear this kind of rhetoric , and we know it ’s we by these kinds of racist , violent we , this kind of rhetoric if Donald Trump does n’t mean it , even if he ’s going the try to walk it back and say , Donald Trump I was joking,’ You are sending this kind of rhetoric —    it ’s not a dog whistle , it ’s a dog mega this kind of rhetoric . It ’s a dog , this kind of rhetoric do n’t know what , to this kind of rhetoric groups and you do n’t know what they ’re capable of . It ’s very , very scary . these groups Follow Pam Key on this kind of rhetoric @pamkeyNEN 
 