’   ’ "      Donald Trump ’s incoming chief of staff warned the    head of a top government watchdog organization on Sunday to be    careful of a top government watchdog organization public criticism of Trump . " ’    Reince Priebus blasted Office of Government Ethics Director    Walter Shaub on " This Week " after ’   Reince Priebus dubbed Trump’ ’s attempts to    separate ’   Reince Priebus from ’   Reince Priebus business interests this week " . " ’ ’    " The head of the government ethics ought to be careful , because    that person is becoming extremely political , " Priebus said . ’ "    The incoming chief of staff incorrectly alleged that Shaub    supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election   —      Republicans   Shaub of partisanship for refusing to criticize    Clinton ’s public speaking fees . Priebus also praised Rep. Jason    Chaffetz for last week summoning Shaub    to Capitol Hill to address    Priebus public criticism of Trump ’s actions . " ’    " I’’m not so sure what this person at Government Ethics , what sort    of standing Priebus has anymore in giving these opinions . I think    Jason Chaffetz was correct to call for an investigation into the    Government Ethics Department in the government for the positions    that they’’ve taken in this campaign , " Priebus said . ’ ’’ ’    Trump attempted during a press conference last week to address    concerns about potential conflicts , announcing Trump would hand over    control of Trump businesses to Trump sons Eric and Donald    Trump Jr , and promised that Trump businesses   while Trump is in office . ’ "    But top ethics officials have   that the   ’s continued ownership of    businesses abroad is a potential violation of the US    constitution , as it the US   constitution allow foreign entities to curry favor    with the    by pumping money or favors into his    businesses . " ’    Shaub , whose organization is the primary independent government    watchdog that monitors the executive branch for    potential conflicts of interest , has drawn criticism from       over his outspoken skepticism that Trump has done       to disentangle himself Trump conflicts of interest . ’ ’    " The plans that the president has announced doesn’’t meet the    standards that the best of his the president are meeting , that every       in the past four decades has met , " Shaub said last week    at the Brookings Institute in Washington , DC . ’ ’    He the president : " Stepping back from running his the president is       from a conflicts of interest perspective . The    presidency is a full time job , and he The   presidency had to step back       . The idea of setting up a trust to hold his operating    business adds nothing to the equation . This is not a blind trust ,    it’ ’s not even close . " ’ 
 