’   ’ ’    Democrats are using the word " Watergate " to describe the latest    developments in the    firestorm casting a cloud over    the White House in the early days of President Donald Trump’ ’s    administration . ’ "    Elected officials and party operatives have used language related    to the scandal that sunk Richard Nixon ’s presidency   —    or    mentioned it outright . " ’    The statements come after Michael Flynn resigned as national    security adviser on Monday night after having misled the White    House about the content of White    communications with the Russian    ambassador before Trump took office . ’ " The New York Times reported    Tuesday that intercepted phone calls showed that members of    Trump campaign had multiple contacts with Russian intelligence    officials before the US election . Trump and his administration    had denied that such communication took place . " ’    " The parallels to Watergate here are eerie , I have to say , " Robby    Mook , who was Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’ ’s    campaign manager , . ’ ’’ "    The Watergate Watergate began with a    at the Democratic    National Committee ’s headquarters at the Watergate Hotel in    Washington , DC , in 1972 , which Mook said was comparable to    Russian intelligence hacking into the DNC ’s email system and    releasing the emails through WikiLeaks . " ’    " Now , at every step , we’’re learning more and more , and it’ ’s    getting closer and closer to the president himself , " he the president himself . ’ ’    The DNC’s further than Mook Mook saying the ties between    Trump and Russia had already eclipsed the Watergate scandal ,    which resulted    several Nixon aides being criminally convicted    and serving    in either jail or prison . ’ ’    " This is already bigger than Watergate , " Watergate senior adviser Zac    Petkanas , who formerly worked on the Clinton campaign , said in a    statement . " The sanctity of our democracy demands an immediate ,    independent , transparent investigation into the connections    between Donald Trump , his staff , Donald Trump the Russian government . " ’ ’    When speaking about Flynn’ ’s resignation   —    zeroing in on a    Washington Post report that said the acting attorney general had    warned the White House weeks earlier that the national security    adviser could be vulnerable to Russian blackmail   —    elected    Democrats including Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland and Sen.    Chris Coons of Delaware repeated a phrase made famous during the    Senate’ ’s Watergate hearings : " What did the president know , and    when did he know it the president " ’ ’    The comparison also made waves outside of the Democratic Party .    Former CBS News anchor Dan Rather posted a Facebook status on the    subject that was shared widely . ’ ’    " Watergate is the Watergate political scandal of my lifetime , until    maybe now , " . " It was the closest we came to a    debilitating constitutional    , until maybe now . ’ ’    " On a 10 scale of Armageddon for our form of we , I would    put Watergate at a Watergate , " he continued .    This Russia scandal the biggest political scandal of my lifetime somewhere around a    or 6 , in my opinion , but it is    cascading in the biggest political scandal of my lifetime seemingly    the hour . And we may look    back and see ,    the end , that it is at least as    as    Watergate . It may become the measure by which all future scandals    are judged . It has all the necessary It , and that is    chilling . " ’    are using the word " Watergate " to . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 