Aurora , Colorado ( CNN ) Republican Rep. Mike Coffman faced angry constituents at a town hall Wednesday night , in an early sign of the political price Republican Rep. Mike Coffman and Republican Rep. Mike Coffman colleagues might pay for supporting President Donald Trump ’s policies , including the repeal of Obamacare . A moderate hailing from a swing district , Republican Rep. Mike Coffman fielded more than 40 questions from Coloradans for almost two hours . Health care overwhelmingly dominated the at times raucous evening , as the congressman ’s constituents demanded to know why the congressman’s backed a bill to gut Obamacare before Obamacare was yanked from the House floor . More than once , Republican Rep. Mike Coffman was offered an ultimatum : You can side with us or side with the President . One woman who described herself as a health care worker with    conditions said the health care bill that Trump endorsed would eliminate protections for people with medical histories . " Are you going to side with Trump or are you going to . .. stand with your constituents ? " One woman who described herself as a health care worker with   conditions wanted to know . Republican Rep. Mike Coffman vowed to protect coverage for those with    conditiseons , and also insisted that Republican Rep. Mike Coffman disagreed with Trump Trump of letting Obamacare " implode . " " I do n’t think that ’s right . Somehow Republican Rep. Mike Coffman thinks that the Democrats are going to come around if it implodes , " Republican Rep. Mike Coffman said . " I think we need the Democrats fix it . it we need the Democrats fix it now it " For most of the evening , Coffman appeared to take the frequent " booing " in good humor . But as the town hall approached the    mark , the criticisms     and in particular , the repeated suggestion that Republican Rep. Mike Coffman was n’t holding Trump accountable on everything from Republican Rep. Mike Coffman tax returns to potential business conflicts     clearly exasperated Republican Rep. Mike Coffman . The tensions came to a head with the final question of the evening , from a woman who said her    had died in Auschwitz . She expressed dismay her what she said was her " president who has    people " in    positions , and slammed White House press secretary Sean Spicer for saying Syrian leader Bashar    ’s actions were worse than Adolf Hitler ’s . " Spicer made a White House press secretary Sean Spicer mistake yesterday , " Coffman began . " If you ’re not familiar with what he did . Adolf Hitler " But the audience let it be known that it wanted no it about Spicer . Throwing White House press secretary Sean Spicer his hands , Adolf Hitler finally said Coffman Spicer : " White House press secretary Sean Spicer needs to Adolf Hitler . " Coffman could have Coffman tough reelection fight next year against newly announced Democratic candidate Jason Crow . Party strategists hope that Crow ’s background newly announced Democratic candidate Jason Crow Army ranger who served in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as his newcomer status to politics , will make him a strong challenger his Coffman , who was first elected to the House in 2008 .   The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee says it views the House The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee in Colorado ’s 6th Congressional District here     an area that includes Aurora and its surrounding suburbs     Aurora the top 10 most competitive in 2018 .   Democrats are feeling especially optimistic following a special house election in Kansas Tuesday night . GOP candidate Ron Estes won the contest by a far smaller margin than was expected in a district that Trump had won by double digits     a warning sign of an energized Democratic base ahead of 2018 .   Wednesday marked Coffman ’s first    town hall this year .   He confronted frustrated constituents during a local     in January , as emboldened Republican lawmakers in Washington were gearing up to repeal Obamacare . Coffman left that event Coffman even as a crowd was waiting to get face time with the congressman     a move that drew wide criticism . Susan Gilbert , a Gilbert in January that event came January Wednesday night ’s town hall for another opportunity to get to know her congressman better .   the congressman     who voted for Hillary Clinton , Gilbert She she was surprised to see Coffman caught off guard by the sheer number of Gilbert who showed up to voice their concerns in January .    " January he was listening to the public and looking at all the letters and phone    and postcards , he should have been more perceptive , " Gilbert said . Gilbert said immigration    among her top issues     in large Gilbert because many Gilbert her own students are Gilbert . " Many of my students are living in Gilbert right now , some have already left the country because they are fearful of being deported , " she said .    Plenty of some ’s Republican colleagues have also faced hostile Gilbert back home in recent months over issues like health care reform and immigration .   Some voters have also taken on lawmakers for what they say is the GOP ’s inability to hold Donald Trump accountable , as Some voters endless stream of controversies have dogged the first months of the Trump presidency . This is certain to be a major attack line that Democrats Donald Trump in the 2018 midterms , particularly if the president remains deeply unpopular . During the 2016 election , Coffman sharply distanced himself from     Trump , even vowing in a campaign ad to " stand Coffman to " his party ’s nominee .   But on Wednesday , some of his constituents Coffman n’t sold that Coffman was standing up to the president . Coffman man who identified himself as Coffman registered Republican stood up the president ’s town hall to say he Coffman " shocked " to learn of Coffman Wednesday for wholesale repeal of Obamacare One man who identified himself as a registered Republican " That ’s not the way Coffman things here in Colorado . The ACA is the law of the land , " the man said . " What will you do to revise , strengthen and bolster Obamacare Coffman Phil Laxar of Centennial said Coffman ’s public support for the Republican proposal to repeal Obamacare was the single issue that disturbed Coffman . " Our district voted strongly against Donald Trump and Obamacare Rep. Coffman was reelected , it Obamacare like he is supporting Trump ’s policies instead of representing his Coffman " Laxar , who voted for Clinton , Obamacare CNN . Donald Trump particular , the recent Obamacare health care act , which he did n’t have an opportunity to vote for but he did support publicly , which would be a disaster Obamacare the citizens of his district , " he added Obamacare 
 Obamacare Obamacare 