The Sept. 20    poll shows that Hillary Clinton has not yet locked down a high percentage of Hillary Clinton likely supporters , Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell told Breitbart News . [ The poll of 1 , 560 likely voters showed Hillary Clinton leading Hillary Clinton GOP rival Donald J. Trump with 44 percent to her GOP rival Donald J. Trump 40 percent , just outside the poll ’s 2 . 5 percent margin of error .   In a prior poll conducted Sept. 7 and Sept. 8 , Hillary Clinton led the New York City developer , 43 percent to 40 percent .   At this stage of the campaign , supporters truly committed to a candidate adopt the candidate ’s world view and agenda as supporters own , which is why you see extreme alignment among Trump voters , Hillary Clinton said . the campaign has for whatever reason been unable to forge that same bond with its own the campaign , Hillary Clinton said . One example of a gap between Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton supporters is created by President Barack Obama ’s unpopular deal with Iran , Caddell said . " It was    disapproved , OK ? , " he said Caddell " It is It highly disapproved by the undecideds , who look like movable voters —   but , what is interesting is that it is It as to whether Iran is Iran cheating on this agreement . " Caddell said Caddell Democrats completely miscalculated the politics of Iran deal Iran but the Republicans have not moved to exploit the opportunity either . " It is staring them in the Republicans eyes , " he said Caddell " If you take out the independents out of the Iran deal Iran , who disapprove    and if you are left with what I ’ll call the ‘ committed opinion,’ [ which ] is 85 percent saying Iran is Iran cheating on the deal the politics of Iran deal he said Caddell " Looking at Clinton supporters , they claim to Clinton supporters 78 percent approve and 9 percent disapprove , " he said Caddell [ But when ] asked if Iran will Iran , 50 percent of Clinton supporters said Clinton supporters unsure , 50 percent of Clinton supporters that ’s ridiculous , OK ? When you get 50 percent of your partisan group saying ‘ unsure,’ it means they do unsure,’ want 50 percent of Clinton supporters admit something that is not good , when it is raised to unsure,’ . Clinton supporters 50 percent of Clinton supporters Clinton claim to support the Iran Nuclear Deal , should be saying : No , the Iranians will not cheat , he said . Clinton Only 22 percent of Clinton supporters say Clinton Iranians are not the Iranians News Insider said . Among Trump supporters , 2 percent said Iran will not cheat on the nuclear deal and 94 percent said Iran will cheat . " Iran , when you move to the question of bringing in refugees , 60 percent of committed opinion is opposed to an increase , " the pollster said . On the question about the president ’s plan to bring 110 , 000 refugees into the U. S. up from 85 , 000 , 56 percent opposed in the general sample and 29 percent approved . The pollster , who advised three straight Democratic presidential nominees in 1972 , 1976 , and 1980 , and then finished a close second in 1984 , said , "   percent of Clinton supporters oppose an increase in refugees —   that ’s a fifth of her vote . " Asked Clinton Clinton ’s plan increase the Clinton Syrian refugees from 10 , 000 to 65 , 000 , 59 percent of respondents disapproved and 25 percent approved , taken from the whole sample population . " With Clinton ’s proposal to bring in Clinton refugees it is even worse , 70 percent of committed opinion oppose her proposal and that is stunning , Clinton’s proposal to bring in more Syrian refugees said . Taking those issues , Clinton Iran deal and the plans to bring in more refugees from Syria and from other places , Trump and Republicans have the advantage of agreeing with the majority of Americans , he said . The same goes for Clinton such as the country ’s direction and position in the world , he said . Only 29 percent of Clinton said the country was going in the right direction the country’s percent said it is going in the wrong direction , he the country’s . Nearly a quarter of Clinton supporters said the country ’s direction was neither right or wrong the country’s said it was going the right direction and 9 percent said America 61 percent going in the right direction . Similarly , 54 the country’s said America ’s place in the wrong direction weaker today than it the country’s years ago and 28 percent say it is stronger , he said . Among Clinton supporters , 55 percent said America was stronger than 10 years ago , 19 percent weaker and the country’s percent the same . Only 6 percent of Trump supporter said America was in the same position it was in 10 years , the country’s 92 percents saying weaker and 3 percent saying stronger . These policies , such at Syrian and other refugees and the Iran Deal are Clinton policies , but they are really policies of President Barack Obama , Caddell said . In a a change These policies, such at Syrian and other refugees and the Iran Deal , Clinton made the decision to run as the incumbent or as the president ’s third term Clinton but even her own voters are yearning for a change President Barack Obama an unease , Caddell said . Clinton Obama skates , Clinton is the one on the campaign trail taking ownership Caddell the president ’s President Barack Obama , Clinton said . The Sept. 20    poll exposes critical disconnects between President Barack Obama and Clinton rest of the electorate , as well as fissures among her Clinton , he said . " It is incredible , 97 percent of Hillary ’s Clinton approve of the Clinton ’s job performance , " he said . Among the rest of the voters only 49 percent approve or strongly approve of Clinton ’s job performance . But , while his policies are unpopular , because Republicans have refrained from attacking him , the president ’s has Clinton detached from his own agenda , he said . " Clinton have not pursued him the president’s him Clinton the hook . Clinton Clinton should not get the same hall Clinton , he said Clinton  
 They Clinton 