  ( CNN ) Huddled around a corner table during happy hour at the swanky St. Regis Hotel bar in downtown Washington , five young Republicans busily brainstormed how five young Republicans could help Hillary Clinton become the next president of the United States . five young Republicans included an unlikely gang of    foot soldiers , including a    Southern Baptist who got her Hillary Clinton in GOP politics as an intern in the second Bush White House , a conservative health care policy analyst who has volunteered for    causes and a former president of the Cornell University College Republicans .   Over glasses of wine and champagne Monday night , they kicked off the first steering committee meeting for a new organization : " Republican Women for Hillary . "   Their they ? Stop Donald Trump .   " It ’s really important that Republican leaders , especially Republican women leaders , stand up right now and say we ’re not OK with Trump Donald Trump our we , " said Jennifer Lim , a group founder who works at the U. S. Chamber of Commerce and has spent much of her Donald Trump volunteering for Republican causes and campaigns . " This is not a position I ever wanted to find myself Jennifer Lim, a group founder who works at the U. S. Chamber of Commerce and has spent much of her life volunteering for Republican causes and campaigns . But it This important that when things like this happen that people speak up . " Lim ’s role as a leader within the new group is independent of her Lim job . But earlier this week , the Chamber clashed with Trump over his Chamber of protectionist trade policies , which the the new group .   Over the next several months , members of Republican Women for Hillary plan to provide cover for Republicans looking to speak out against Trump , whose Trump rise has torn the party apart .   Faced with a choice between Clinton and Trump , some Republicans have begrudgingly agreed to support him while others Clinton simply opting out of the election . But for these women who founded the group , ( and one man who has joined in solidarity ) Trump ’s bombastic style , offensive rhetoric toward women and minorities , slapdash policy " suggestions " risk destroying the party .   This is the    Never Trump movement in action . Their new organization these women who founded the group, (and one man who has joined in solidarity) which is not affiliated with the Clinton campaign , is part support group and part activist hub : They intend to part support group and part activist hub     social events for    conservatives and sponsor      efforts for Clinton . They Clinton in these women who founded the group, (and one man who has joined in solidarity) by launching accounts on Facebook and Twitter and are planning to make an appearance at the Democratic Convention in Philadelphia next month .   Making the switch to openly support a Clinton for president Clinton n’t a decision they came to these women who founded the group, (and one man who has joined in solidarity) , the group ’s members said . " It has been tough for me to come to this point where I can vote for a candidate who has been very against what I ’ve been working for for most of my professional career , " said Meghan Milloy , who works for the conservative American Action Forum think tank and has formerly campaigned for Republicans like Trent Lott , Mitt Romney and Haley Barbour . " That being said , I ca n’t vote for someone like Donald Trump because he ’s overtly Donald Trump and misogynist . "   Lim said she intends to Lim on doors , make phone calls for Clinton and will donate to the Democratic campaign , a step she has never Clinton in her life . Clinton Her temporary transition Clinton Democratic volunteer might seem all too convenient at first : She was recently Clinton to Tim Lim , the founder of a media buying firm called Precision and a partner at Bully Pulpit Interactive , which has a contract with the Clinton campaign . But , she said , Clinton reasons for Clinton Clinton are genuine Clinton purely strategic . Her current activism Clinton about stopping Trump from winning the general election , preserving the the Republican Party and the conservative values it promotes , Her current activism said . Clinton " Our group is n’t about selling Clinton . It Clinton about Our group your vote to keep Trump out of Trump , " Lim said . Clinton We ’re not going to be in the business of convincing people that Hillary Clinton will Clinton savior of all of our policy issues . We ’re trying to We people that your vote has a political and moral purpose , and it ’s important to your vote that . "    " This was a long road for me to get here , " she added .   It is Republican women like these that Clinton has made a concerted effort to reach during as part of her campaign .   Clinton data suggest that it ’s working . Recent data opinion polls show Clinton leading Trump among Clinton demographic groups , notably women voters . Meanwhile , an ABC    Post survey conducted in June found that 77 percent of women have an unfavorable view of Trump .   As Trump policy , there are only a few areas where the group ’s leaders said they could agree with the group’s leaders , which mostly involves foreign policy and trade . More importantly , however , they see her as the group’s leaders reasonable person —   especially compared with the unpredictable Trump —   and someone Republicans could possibly work with .   " We can put our differences aside to We a safer option that ’s better for the country as a whole , " Milloy said . " The fear of Donald Trump is , to me , more than the fear of Hillary raising capital standards on banks . " 
 