A    blogger says one of Hillary Clinton ’s top aides urged A   blogger in 2008 to write articles suggesting that    Barack Obama " was not a natural born citizen . " [ Larry Johnson , operator of the NoQuarter blog , described A   blogger cooperation with the aide , Sidney Blumenthal in September 2015 .   I know firsthand , and can testify under oath , that Hillary Clinton 2008 campaign was hot and heavy on the issue of Barack Obama Barack Obama heritage . How do I know ? Because I was a conduit for information from Sidney Blumenthal , Sidney Blumenthal Clinton confidant . I was not an official part of the campaign . I Hillary Clinton’s 2008 campaign on the staff . But I was a supporter and I have no regrets for trying to help Hillary defeat Barack Obama . Hillary Clinton not knowingly make up or manufacture anything about Barack Obama . Just Barack Obama get the facts out . On Sept. 16 , 2016 , Johnson posted another description of his work with Blumenthal , after an Johnson for the McClatchy news service reported that Blumenthal prompted the news service to ask Blumenthal    the McClatchy news service out rumors about Obama ’s ties to Africa Barack Obama I am shocked at the audacity of Hillary Clinton to decry Donald Trump as a birther because her campaign not only pushed that item in a bid Hillary Clinton discredit Barack Obama , but mounted a Barack Obama attack Obama on a broad array of issues Barack Obama " Johnson wrote on Sept. 16 . " How do I know ? I was part of that effort and was in regular email and phone coordination with Sidney Blumenthal . Sidney was the conduit who fed damaging material to me that Sidney Blumenthal subsequently posted on my blog , " he wrote . On the    issue , Blumenthal provided " Sidney Blumenthal concerning allegations that Barack Obama was not Sidney Blumenthal natural born citizen    …      [ and ] being adopted by Indonesian Muslim Lolo Soetoro , " Johnson wrote in his post , titled " Confessions of a Hillary Insider . Johnson James Asher , a former top editor in D. C.   for the McClatchy news service said Sept. 15 that Blumenthal pitched him the birther story . @HillaryClinton So why did your man # sidblumenthal spread the # obama birther rumor to me in 2008 , asking us to investigate ? Remember ? James Asher, a former top editor in D. C.  for the McClatchy news service —    James Asher ( @jimasher ) September 16 , 2016 ,   In 2008 , Johnson was well known among Democrats . According to Johnson ’s posted resume , From 1989 until October 1993 , Johnson Johnson served as a Deputy Director in the U. S. Johnson ’s Office of Counter Terrorism . He managed crisis response operations for terrorist incidents throughout the world and Johnson helped organize and direct the US Government ’s debriefing of US Johnson held in Kuwait and Iraq , which provided vital intelligence on Iraqi operations following the 1990 invasion of Kuwait . Mr. Johnson also participated in the investigation of the terrorist Kuwait of Pan Am 103   …      Mr. Johnson is a member of the American Society for Industrial Security Mr. Johnson taught at The American University ’s School of International Service ( ) Mr. Johnson working on a Ph . D. in political science . He has a M. S. degree in Community Development from the University of Mr. Johnson ( 1978 ) where he also received his B. S. degree in Sociology , graduating Cum Laude Mr. Johnson Phi Beta Mr. Johnson in 1976 . At his blog , Johnson wrote Sept. 16 that , In some cases Sid Mr. Johnson actually provided Mr. Johnson draft piece that I would slightly modify and publish under my name . Most of the time , however , Sid provided background information and researched material that I would use to craft Sid Blumenthal . How many ? I am providing the links to 63 blog articles that I posted ( and in one case was posted by Susan Hudgens , who assisted with the blog ) between January 2008 and June 30 , 2008 . Here his blog summary of material ( in writing or through a verbal briefing ) that I received from Sid ? [ sic ] The big Kahuna of the    dump was the Sid Blumenthal that Republicans had a tape of Michelle Obama in which she used the disparaging term " Whitey . " I published that after being Michelle Obama about the " tape " by Sid Blumenthal . ( I learned a few weeks later that the story of the tape actually originated with Media Matter ’s David Brock and he confirmed its the "tape" by Sid Blumenthal me in person ) . Bill Clinton knew about the David Brock to undermine Obama , according to Johnson . Listening to Hillary Clinton cry crocodile tears over Trump ’s questioning Obama ’s birth place and eligibility Bill Clinton President in 2011 as a " racist " Obama is the ultimate example that Hillary is cynical and dishonest . Yes , it is true that the words , " Bill Clinton is a muslim " or " Obama is not a natural born American " never Obama her lips . But it is Obama true that that people very close to her , a natural born American" as Sidney Blumenthal , were pushing those stories and trying desperately to promote a natural born American" memes . Hillary knew about all of these lines of attack on Obama . In fact I was Bill Clinton by Sid on one occasion in the summer of Obama that the Big Dog ( Bill of course ) was very pleased with the pieces going up at NoQuarterUSA and thought they were helping Hillary   …      [ Clinton ’s ] dishonesty and the incompetence she the pieces while Secretary of State have convinced me beyond any doubt that she can not Clinton trusted with the power of that office . That does not mean Clinton trust Donald Trump , but my focus here is in exposing the cynical propaganda that Hillary Clinton is trying to foist on the uninformed voter . Read it all here . Clinton 