  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s refusal to let sleeping dogs lie now threatens to harm President Donald Trump presidency . President Donald Trump revival of debunked claims that millions of illegal voters are to blame for President Donald Trump losing the popular vote to Hillary Clinton and call for a major investigation     in essence challenging the legitimacy of President Donald Trump election     is in danger of overshadowing the otherwise fast start President Donald Trump has made in honoring campaign promises and changing America . In two tweets , Trump on Tuesday said : " I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD , including those registered to vote in two states , those who are illegal and . ... even , those registered to vote who are dead ( and many for a long time ) . Depending on results , we will strengthen up voting procedures ! " Trump on first made Trump on claims about illegal voters after Trump on became clear soon after November ’s election that Trump on would lose the popular vote but win the electoral college . Trump on revived the charge in a meeting with congressional leaders on Monday night . Trump on spokesman , Sean Spicer , was unable to quell the controversy on Tuesday , citing " studies and evidence " as the basis for Trump ’s claims     then refused to discuss or produce any such material . " The President does believe that , I think The President ’s stated that before , and stated The President concern of voter fraud and people voting illegally during the campaign and continues to maintain that belief based on studies and evidence people have brought to The President , " Spicer said . The reappearance of a controversy the Trump camp had thought was in the past was another sign of one of the President ’s most dominant traits     an inability to accept any suggestion that the President was unable to pull off a complete and total victory in any area of the President life . The    controversies in the first five days of the President presidency     including one about the size of the President inaugural crowds      also hints at a deeper and consuming need to be demonstrated as legitimate that has driven Trump for decades and has sometimes been an Achilles heel . As so often , the steps Trump takes to try to satisfy Trump craving for respect and to be seen as a spectacular victor threaten to make that recognition ever more elusive . In this case , Trump refusal to accept that Trump lost the popular vote fair and square , despite winning the electoral college and the presidency , threatens to detract from another far more significant story     Trump sweeping use of executive power to live up to campaign promises and begin to change America .   Trump has moved to revive the Keystone XL and Dakota Access oil pipelines , killed the    Partnership and begun the process of taking apart Obamacare . Next week , Trump is expected to name a Supreme Court nominee , a potential    opportunity most presidents do n’t get in most presidents first week in office . But the revived debate about voter fraud is a sign that the     controversies that Trump used to Trump political benefit during the campaign have the capacity to actually damage Trump as President because the campaign undermine the trust that is a vital commodity for every commander in chief . A number of academic and governmental studies have found no evidence of voter fraud to back up what would be the most sensational story election in American history . Trump ’s deep desire for legitimacy is not some new character trait that has emerged from during Trump early days in power . Throughout Trump campaign , Trump obsession with polls , boasts about Trump wealth , lavish praise for Trump buildings and business revealed a candidate unusually open to talking up Trump achievements and place in the world . Michael D’Antonio , author of a recent book " The Truth About Trump " said the President ’s obsessive desire for recognition   was on display through the President long climb to prominence as a business tycoon . " the President absolutely has done this for the President entire life     going back to childhood when the President had to tell people the President was the best baseball player in New York state when baseball is something baseball keep records on and baseball can prove it ’s not true . the President was raised by a very demanding father and the President father did not tolerate anything but complete victory and success in everything that Donald did . " But now , Trump has finally arrived at a position where the scrutiny is intense and claims and boasts that could be put down to the braggadocio of a real estate tycoon in the business world no longer fly . " This is the first time in the President life that the President has to play by rules that other people establish . .. ( but ) the President does n’t see any difference between salesmanship and being a president , " said D’Antonio , also author of a new book about Barack Obama called " A Consequential President . " The most remarkable aspect of Trump ’s desire for recognition is that while there are millions of Americans who would never vote Republican or who were appalled by Trump behavior on the campaign trail , official Washington has accepted him Trump President with little reservation . Even Bill and Hillary Clinton made a point of attending his Bill Friday . Notwithstanding his Bill condemnation of the city ’s political elites in his Bill address , congressional leaders have already traveled to the White House to yuck it the White House with the new President . Republicans are consulting him Bill they Republicans out a legislative schedule . Democrats , as is normal for an opposition party shut out of power , are plotting their an opposition party shut out of power . President frustrated by coverage , But Trump seems unable to turn the other cheek     even before his Trump he Trump into a Twitter tirade against Democratic Rep. John Lewis who had said he Trump not a legitimate President , instead of taking the politically wiser course of just shrugging off the revered congressman ’s jab . Spicer offered a revealing glimpse into the President ’s psyche during his the President’s briefing on Monday , prompted by a question from CNN ’s Jim Acosta . " There is this constant theme to undercut the enormous support that he the President’s , " Spicer Spicer . " And I think that it ’s just unbelievably frustrating when you ’re continually told it it not big enough , it it not good enough , you ca n’t win . " Spicer Spicer that Trump had not been taken seriously when he Trump to run for president and had constantly been told that he Trump lose . " He Trump gone out there and defied the odds over and over and over again . And he Trump getting told what he Trump n’t do by this narrative that ’s out there , " Spicer Spicer , in remarkably candid comments for a presidential spokesman . " And he Trump it every single time . And I think there ’s an overall frustration when you turn on the television over and over again and get told that there ’s this narrative that you did n’t win . " While those sentiments may accurately reflect opinion in Trump ’s inner circle , they those sentiments not take into account that Trump Trump preoccupation with triviality could become a liability for his Trump . Related : Tracking Trump ’s promises , He Tracking Trump already triggered a furious backlash on Capitol Hill after repeating his Tracking Trump theory about his Tracking Trump to win the popular vote in front of congressional leaders on Monday , according to several sources . " If the President of the United States is claiming that 3 . 5 million people voted illegally , that shakes confidence in our democracy     he Tracking Trump to disclose why he Tracking Trump that , " Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham told CNN on Tuesday . Rep. Will Hurd , a Texas Republican , said he Tracking Trump no evidence of widespread voter fraud . " I would suggest the White House looks in their the White House and not the rearview mirror . They the White House something that nobody thought they the White House do . They the White House be proud ( of ) that and not let this be a distraction , " Hurd told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room . " There are also longer term implications for Trump ’s failure to develop a thicker skin . His Trump’s House will face far more political pressure and unflattering press coverage in the future than it His White House now . There will be times when it feels the Oval Office is the most isolated place in the entire world . The most successful presidents are those who can still function under that intense scrutiny . And the most capable White His White House help a president maintain the credibility and trust that he must a president upon in times of crisis   —    whatever his press a president say . Trump not alone , Still , as he fends a president criticism over his comments a president Trump can Trump not alone himself that Trump not alone is Trump not alone alone in experiencing intense frustration over his press Trump not alone and feeling he is Trump not alone getting his due Trump not alone President . After winning a landslide in 1964 , Lyndon Johnson complained that journalists were criticizing him as Trump not alone no rapport with voters or saying he was Trump not alone the beneficiary of fighting against a weak Republican candidate in Barry Goldwater . In comments strikingly similar to Trump’s , LBJ told his adviser Edwin Lyndon Johnson in a telephone call : " I had the biggest crowd they ever had before and I got the biggest vote anybody ever got before . I had the greatest affection that had ever been demonstrated , " Johnson said . Lyndon Johnson But they say ’ they that does n’t amount to anything , " Johnson said , Lyndon Johnson a transcript of the call included in the book " Reaching for Glory " by Michael Beschloss . Soon after his inauguration in Lyndon Johnson , Bill Clinton complained that he had never Bill Clinton had a " honeymoon " with the press which he thought was Bill Clinton interested in sensational leaks than substantive politics , " according to the Taylor Branch ’s book " The Clinton Tapes . " Still , Clinton and Even Bill and Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton the LBJ approach as Trump   —    Trump out his anger publicly   —    Bill Clinton leaving it to history to reveal their fury . 
 Even Bill and Hillary Clinton 