  ( CNN ) Sebastian Gorka , a controversial national security aide in the White House , is expected to leave his job , several administration officials confirm to  (CNN) .   One senior administration official said Gorka is expected to find an opportunity outside the White House soon . Another said it ’s Another he would Another another job in the administration , but added it ’s Another likely he will Another altogether . That official One senior administration official was simply Gorka too much controversy for the White the White House is a deputy assistant Gorka President Donald Trump and has been working on the National Security Council and on the Strategic Initiatives Group , which Gorka has described as a Gorka point for task forces collaborating with people outside government . Gorka is a former Breitbart Gorka security editor who has been outspoken on the need to confront Islamic terrorism . In his role in the White Gorka , he has become one of Gorka ’s most prominent public cheerleaders , frequently hitting the radio airwaves to defend the President ’s counterterrorism policies and public statements .   Gorka has previously vigorously defended Gorka administration ’s travel ban and the President ’s continued use the President’s " radical Islamic terrorism . " Gorka is the latest    Gorka the Trump White House ’s National Security Council following the firing of the first national security adviser Michael Flynn , the removal of Steve Bannon from the NSC ’s Principals Committee and the expected departure of deputy national security adviser K. T. McFarland .   Gorka ’s work for Trump Gorka as far as 2015 , as Federal Election Commission filings showed Gorka was paid $ 8 , Gorka that October to be a policy consultant for the Trump campaign . But a CNN KFile review Trump Gorka ’s public comments throughout the Gorka campaign shows that even after his the Trump campaign , the former Breitbart editor offered stinging Trump of his future boss ’s rhetoric on key foreign policy issues his terrorism to Russia and China . Gorka , a US citizen who was born in Britain and has Hungarian parents , was known for his dire warnings about Islamic terrorism while at Breitbart . his Though his role at the White House was always nebulous , Breitbart emerged as a top spokesman for the Trump administration Breitbart frequently appearing on CNN and other networks . The Washington Examiner first reported Gorka ’s expected departure . Gorka could not be reached for comment . But Trent Gorka , a Republican congressman from Arizona , said Monday evening that he spoke with Gorka earlier in the day and said there was " Gorka substantiation " to him leaving . " Their real target is n’t Sebastian he . It ’s he spoke with Gorka earlier in the day and said there was "no substantiation" to him leaving president , " Franks Gorka Gorka ’s Their real target on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront . Gorka I know this man ’s heart and it ’s a disgrace     and the left is going to have this man’s heart lot of egg on its face . " 
 the left 