As criticism rained down on Matt Lauer , the NBC anchor whose handling of a    presidential forum on Wednesday received an onslaught of poor reviews , there was one select group of television journalists whose reaction ran along simpler lines : Gulp . For the anchors chosen to preside over this fall ’s presidential debates , the excoriation of Matt Lauer was a    call signaling what modern viewers now expect from a moderator   —    and a stark example of how media figures can become partisan flash points in a    election . On Friday , for the second straight day , aides to Hillary Clinton accused Mr. Matt Lauer being unfair to their candidate aides to Hillary Clinton blasting out a    email saying he " Matt Lauer Donald Trump walk all over him . Donald Trump Borrowing a page from Mr. Trump Donald Trump playbook , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton supporters to donate because " we have to do what the press wo n’t . " Conservative websites like Breitbart News portrayed the attacks on Mr. Lauer as a    pressure tactic , saying that the criticism could encourage future moderators to go easier on Mrs. Clinton   —    and be tougher on her opponent . Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton   for his part , declared at Mr. Trump rally , " I thought Matt Lauer did a very Mr. Lauer . " All this foreshadows more scrutiny , and perhaps anxiety , for the debate moderators   —    Anderson Cooper of CNN , Lester Holt of NBC , Martha Raddatz of ABC and Chris Wallace of Fox News   —    whose encounters with the candidates could draw record audiences . Mr. Wallace , asked on Fox Chris Wallace week if he was Fox News nervous about his Chris Wallace gig , flashed a sly Chris Wallace . " The answer is yes , " he replied dryly . His fellow moderators Chris Wallace not discussed their Chris Wallace . But Bob Schieffer , the His fellow moderators CBS anchor who Mr. Schieffer reached out to him for counsel . Citing professional decorum Chris Wallace he declined to name names , but Chris Wallace they had expressed variations on the same joke His fellow moderators What have I gotten myself into here ? " It ’s Chris Wallace from the kind of scrutiny that I ’ve gotten , " Mr. Schieffer said , referring to the glaring spotlight on this year ’s moderators . " It ’s just exponentially more . " Mr. Wallace raised eyebrows after saying that Chris Wallace not consider     —    or Chris Wallace " in It words   —    to be a Chris Wallace component of his moderating role . His comments circulated again Chris Wallace the days after Chris Wallace was arguably Mr. Lauer ’s most memorable misstep , when he failed to challenge Mr. Trump ’s false claim that he had opposed the Iraq war . The notion of a moderator as a    Mr. Lauer is too simplistic , " said the Rev. John Mr. Lauer Jenkins , the president of the University of Notre Dame and a board member of the Commission on Presidential Debates , the nonpartisan group that oversees the events . " What a good journalist does is ask    questions that challenge the candidate to explain . " " The moderator ca n’t do it all the onus falls on us a little bit , as the body politic , " to determine if a candidate is plausible , he added . " The moderator can make a mistake by being the voice of God , saying , ‘ Here ’s the way it a candidate . ’ " The moderator he did not watch the NBC forum . But he added that the commission had sought out moderators who would facilitate a civil and a candidate discussion a candidate —    " It sounds a little moralizing a candidate but I ’m a priest , so indulge me , " he said   —    in contrast with what he considered flashier , less substantive debates during the primaries .      is an increasingly visible tool a candidate the modern political press , particularly in a a candidate campaign where candidates frequently bend facts and audiences often rely on partisan news outlets to interpret them . There is also the presence of Mr. Trump , a candidate who freely dissembles in a manner rarely seen in a presidential campaign . candidates , Mr. Schieffer , of CBS , said he believed that " the chief    should be the candidates . " " If one of them says Mr. Schieffer with what they have said previously Mr. Schieffer the other candidate should have the first opportunity to call them on it , " Mr. the candidates said . Failing that , he added , the candidates it ’s the moderator ’s responsibility to set the record straight . " Mr. the candidates spoke with Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump     so he could Mr. Schieffer rely on the candidate ’s opponent to jump in to contradict a dubious claim . Asked about Mr. Lauer ’s performance , Mr. Schieffer demurred , saying Mr. Lauer " I ’m not in the habit of piling on . " Others were less shy in the wake Mr. Lauer . Representative Charles B. Mr. Trump     New York and Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , speaking at the Capitol , expressed annoyance at what they saw as Mr. Lauer ’s lackluster attempt to hold Mr. Trump accountable for some of his more unusual comments . " He missed the whole boat , " Mr. Rangel said , Representative Charles B. Rangel of New York and Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, speaking at the Capitol to Mr. Lauer . Jennifer Palmieri , Mrs. Clinton ’s communications director , contacted NBC Mr. Lauer executives to discuss Wednesday ’s Mr. Lauer , according to two people familiar Mr. Lauer discussion . Internally , the Mr. Lauer believed the backlash against NBC could ultimately be beneficial , if the moderators of the coming debates are on eggshells about ensuring equal treatment and holding Mr. Trump to account . Mrs. Clinton , for her part , was already in a motorcade to her home in Chappaqua , N. Y. when Mr. Trump appeared with Mr. Lauer . While the Democratic nominee did not consider Mr. Clinton questions out of Clinton , she did relish the subsequent coverage of Clinton event that suggested Mr. Trump had gotten Mr. Trump , said a person familiar with her thinking . On Friday , the Mr. Lauer NBC News , Andrew Lack Clinton sent an upbeat memo to his staff that declared the forum Mr. Trump , noting that the event had generated days of Clinton about Mr. Trump ’s praise of the Russian president , Vladimir V. Putin , and criticism of the American military leadership . Mr. Lauer Matt did a tremendous job   —    driving one of the most serious discussions to date Mr. Trump topics , " wrote Mr. Lack , who is close with Mr. Lauer . The pressure on NBC News , however , is not likely to relent : the network ’s evening news anchor , Mr. Holt , is set to oversee the first presidential debate , set for Sept. 26 at Hofstra University on Long Island . Mr. Schieffer , who at 79 has watched more than a   ’s worth of debates , said he had faith that this year ’s moderators would be prepared . But , Mr. Schieffer added : " There wo n’t be Mr. Schieffer 