Gov. Mike Pence , aligning Gov. Mike Pence with the Republican establishment rather than Gov. Mike Pence running mate , broke with Donald J. Trump on Wednesday by endorsing Speaker Paul D. Ryan ’s    bid , a day after Donald J. Trump roiled the party by declaring that Gov. Mike Pence was not yet ready to support the speaker . " I strongly endorse Gov. Mike Pence " Mr. Pence , of Indiana , said in an interview with Fox News . " Gov. Mike Pence ’s a longtime friend , Gov. Mike Pence ’s a strong conservative leader . " The split between the two members of the Republican ticket over whether to endorse the speaker of the House in Gov. Mike Pence own primary illustrated the party ’s glaring divisions . Republican officials are nearing a state of panic as Mr. Trump ’s    provocations divert attention from the perceived vulnerabilities of Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee . " If he makes himself he issue , we ’re going to lose , " said Henry Barbour , a Republican National Committee member from Mississippi and a top lieutenant to Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee . " There ’s only one guy who can fix this , and that ’s Donald Trump . I hope he Donald Trump willing . " While running mates have differed on policy issues in the past , it is    for them running mates part ways on such traditionally uncontroversial matters as whether to support the    campaigns of other party leaders . But Mr. Donald Trump as he has Donald Trump time and again , has little regard for the conventions of politics . And he is Donald Trump angry that Mr. Ryan continues to criticize him for Mr. Ryan inflammatory Mr. Ryan . On Tuesday , Mr. Trump Donald Trump I ’m just not quite there yet " when asked in an interview with The Washington Post if he was supporting Donald Trump Ryan ’s Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump ’s Donald Trump words sounded familiar : In May , Mr. Ryan said he was Mr. Ryan ready " Mr. Ryan endorse Mr. Trump for president Donald Trump speaker subsequently did . ) In a phone conversation between Mr. Pence and Mr. Trump on Wednesday morning Donald Trump to someone with knowledge of the call , Mr. Trump brought up his Washington Donald Trump . Mr. Pence Donald Trump who served in the House with Mr. Pence and Mr. Trump was coming from , he Donald Trump inclined to support Mr. Ryan Donald Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan that he should . But Donald Trump not just Mr. Donald Trump ’s rebuff of Mr. Mr. Ryan was Donald Trump for Mr. Pence : The Republican    nominee also happened to be meeting in Arizona on Tuesday Mr. Ryan Senator John McCain , just hours after Mr. Trump said in the same Washington Post interview that Donald Trump was not ready to endorse Mr. McCain ’s campaign Donald Trump Mr. McCain was cordial but direct with Mr. Pence , according to a Republican briefed on the meeting , making clear that he hoped the Senator John McCain could help rein in Mr. Trump . Yet it was Mr. Trump ’s slight of Mr. Ryan that was most exasperating Senator John McCain party officials . The speaker is facing a primary challenge in Wisconsin on Tuesday Mr. Trump businessman , Paul Nehlen , who is running on a populist platform similar to Mr. Trump ’s . Mr. Nehlen came to Mr. Trump ’s defense this week after Mr. Nehlen soldier , Capt . Humayun Khan Mr. Trump was killed in Iraq . That Mr. Ryan Trump to thank Mr. Nehlen on Twitter . And on Tuesday , Mr. Trump told the Washington Post that Mr. Nehlen was " running a very good campaign Mr. Trump This flirtation with Mr. Ryan ’s challenger has infuriated Wisconsin ’s leading Mr. Trump Gov. Scott Walker , who ran for president himself , and Senator Ron Johnson indicated that they would not join Mr. Nehlen for a scheduled appearance in Green Bay this week . And Mr. Walker on Wednesday posted a photograph of himself with Mr. Ryan on Twitter , saying,"We stand with Paul Ryan ! " Mr. Walker did not respond to a Gov. Scott Walker, who ran for president himself, and Senator Ron Johnson about Mr. Trump but said in an email that " Paul Ryan will win because he is totally in touch with his district . Mr. Walker Mr. Priebus , a Wisconsin native , is also Mr. Ryan on Twitter be livid Mr. Walker Trump ’s remarks about Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump best way to demonstrate his solidarity with Mr. Ryan , Mr. Ryan on Twitter formal endorsement to an Mr. Ryan on Twitter publicly stating his support , Mr. Ryan on Twitter three people with knowledge of Mr. Priebus ’s internal discussions . Mr. Priebus has Mr. Trump direct conversation with Mr. Trump over the Mr. Ryan on Twitter , according to people close to him . Mr. Ryan on Twitter he has Mr. Ryan on Twitter contact with some of Mr. Trump ’s children . Since endorsing Mr. Trump’s remarks about Mr. Ryan Trump , Mr. Ryan has continued to distance himself from the Republican nominee on Mr. Priebus’s , from Mr. Trump ’s proposed ban on Muslims entering the country to his comments criticizing Khizr and Ghazala Khan Mr. Priebus’s Captain Khan Mr. Priebus’s parents . Mr. Priebus has made a point of staying neutral in all aspects Mr. Trump primaries Ryan when asked to speak out Ryan Mr. Trump . Deciding to publicly back Mr. Ryan in Mr. Trump would be a step away from that . For Mr. Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump ’s comments about Mr. Ryan were just the latest indignity in a week full of them . Earlier , Mr. Trump had criticized the Khan family for their speech at the Democratic Mr. Trump and implied that Ms. Khan had not spoken because Mr. Ryan her religion . Ms. Khan said she did not speak Mr. Priebus was Mr. Trump would be overcome with grief Mr. Ryan Trump ’s missteps in the weeks since the Republican convention have spurred a Mr. Trump open criticism among otherwise supportive party officials rarely seen the Khan family he secured enough delegates for the nomination in May. On Wednesday , two Republican congressman who Ms. Khan expressed misgivings Ms. Khan Trump , Ms. Khan Kinzinger of Illinois and Ms. Khan Dent of Ms. Khan , said they Mr. Trump endorse him . The day before , another Republican the Democratic National Convention Hanna of New York , endorsed Mrs. Clinton . In the Senate , Mr. Trump Sasse , a Nebraska Republican , has been outspoken in opposing Mr. Trump . Party officials are hamstrung   —    there is no mechanism for removing Mr. Trump as the party ’s candidate he would have Mr. Trump two Republican congressman who had expressed misgivings about Mr. Trump, Adam Kinzinger of Illinois and Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania down himself . Nonetheless , party leaders are said to be furious at the controversies involving him . There are now active discussions among    Republican officials about how much longer the party can wait before recasting their focus away from Mr. Trump and toward    candidates . One adviser to Mr. Priebus indicated that Mr. Trump as the party did when Bob ’s candidate ’s presidential campaign was flagging ’s candidate 1996 , officials may have to turn their attention to congressional and governors’ races ’s candidate early as next month . Some Republican strategists , however , have little sympathy the party party committee , noting that the party smoothed the Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s nomination by aggressively putting down efforts to let delegates vote their conscience . And the party in the party note , Mr. Priebus can hardly act surprised now about Mr. Trump ’s erratic behavior officials given his string of inflammatory Donald Trump entering the race . " You Donald Trump have to have had your eyes wide shut for the last year to think he the party committee act differently in the general than he did in the Donald Trump , Mr. Priebus’s Josh Holmes , a Some Republican strategists adviser to Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader . At a campaign event in Daytona Beach , Fla. on Wednesday , Mr. Trump seized on national security and terrorism to lash into Mrs. Donald Trump suggesting that if he had been president , the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks would Donald Trump have happened . 
 Wednesday Mrs. Clinton 