’   ’ ’    Ken Bone , the   who   told CNN on Monday that his now famous    red sweater was really his " plan B " outfit . ’ ’    In his interview with CNN’ ’s Carol Costello , his revealed that his now famous   red sweater was really his "plan B" outfit . ’ ’    " Yeah , I had a really nice olive suit that I love a great deal    and my mother would’’ve been really proud to see me wearing on    television , " his told the CNN host . " But apparently I’’ve gained    about 30 pounds , and when I went to get into my car on the    morning of the debate , I split the seat of my pants all the way    open . " ’ ’    " So the red sweater was plan B , " he continued , " and I’’m glad it    worked out . " ’ " focusing on how each the red sweater ’s energy policy would    be the red sweater for the environment and jobs . Videos of him shaking hands    with former President Bill    and taking photos with a    disposable camera went viral the red sweater , and    a Facebook fan page    for the Missouri man gained thousands of followers . " ’    In his    interview , Bone wore the same red sweater    that his newly found fans raved about online in the hours that    followed the debate . ’ ’    Bone I don’’t see how I could have not worn the red sweater this    morning , " he said . " It’ ’s more famous than me . I just had to       myself along don’’t " ’ ’    His popularity also helped don’’t grow his Twitter following    considerably    don’’t ’    " I went from don’’t night having seven don’’t followers don’’t two of    which were my grandmother because she had to remake her account    because she forgot her password ,    now I have several hundred my grandmother "    Bone my grandmother . " I my grandmother know my grandmother they care what I have to say but I’’m    glad they’’re engaged in the political process . " don’’t ’    He said the debate consisted of a lot of bickering between    Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican nominee Donald    Trump , saying that it " felt like     fight " and that " it    was really uncomfortable . " ’ ’    But the undecided voter added that he thought both presented    compelling , substantive arguments on the issues once viewers    could get past the vitriol . ’ ’    
    