London ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump appeared to misconstrue a statement while launching an attack on Twitter of London Mayor Sadiq Khan in the wake of the terror attacks which killed at least seven people . Trump , writing on Twitter of London Mayor Sadiq Khan Sunday , said : " At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is " no reason to be alarmed ! "   But when London Mayor Sadiq Khan said in a statement that there was no cause for alarm , London Mayor Sadiq Khan was referring specifically to a visible increase in police activity on the streets of London in the wake of terror attack .   " Londoners will see an increased police presence today and over the course of the next few days . There ’s no reason to be alarmed , " London Mayor Sadiq Khan said . London Mayor Sadiq Khan told CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour that the terror attack " evil and cowardly " while also emphasizing that more police would be on the streets the streets of London coming days . A spokesman for London Mayor Sadiq Khan responded , calling Trump ’s tweet " . " " The Mayor is busy working with the police , emergency services , and the government to coordinate the response to this horrific and cowardly terrorist attack and provide leadership and reassurance to Londoners and visitors to our city , " the spokesman said . " A spokesman for Khan more important things to A spokesman for Khan than respond to Donald Trump ’s    tweet that Trump out of context his remarks urging Londoners not to A spokesman for Khan alarmed when they Londoners more police    including armed Londoners    on the streets . " The acting US ambassador to the UK , Lewis Lukens , issued a statement on Twitter singling out Khan for praise . " I commend the strong leadership of the @MayorofLondon as he leads the city forward after this Khan attack , " read a tweet from the US’ London embassy attributed to Lukens . Lukens is serving as ambassador until Trump Lukens a permanent pick confirmed . Trump has yet to formally nominate his Trump for the job , although Trump said prior to his inauguration that Trump would choose New Trump Jets owner Trump Johnson . Trump ’s tweets have been heavily criticized Trump number of British politicians , who are currently preparing for the country ’s general election which is scheduled British place on Thursday . Conservative politician Penny Mordaunt tweeted the transcript of Khan ’s interview and said : " I ’m standing with resilient London and him . " Labour politician David Lammy said Trump Conservative politician Penny Mordaunt tweet was " cheap , nasty and unbecoming of a national leader . "    Wes Streeting , another Labour politician , called for Trump ’s state visit to Britain to be canceled . Trump was also fiercely criticized by Brendon Cox , Trump husband of former British lawmaker Jo Cox , who was murdered by a    fanatic in November 2016 . " You represent the worst of your country , @SadiqKhan represents some of the best of ours , " Cox wrote on Twitter . In the US , Virginia Sen. Mark Warner , ranking Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee , said on CNN ’s " State of the Union " that he had also been troubled by Trump ’s tweets . " I believe in many ways the    community is better integrated into our society . I think that ’s always been our secret sauce here , " Warner said . our That ’s why it troubles me so much to see the type Warner tweets the President has put out in the last 12 hours or so . " The White House did not respond to a request for comment on the criticism of Trump ’s tweets . But the President resumed his attack Monday morning . " the President by London the President Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his ’no reason to be alarmed’ statement . MSM is London Mayor Sadiq Khan hard to sell it ! " he tweeted . Ongoing feud , Khan , London ’s London Mayor Sadiq Khan Muslim mayor , has long had a London with Trump . In 2015 , Khan criticized Trump , saying he " does n’t have a London Mayor Sadiq Khan about Trump " after London Mayor Sadiq Khan American claimed that certain areas of London London    zones . Khan also lambasted Trump last year London claiming he held " London Mayor Sadiq Khan views . Trump Trump responded by labeling London Mayor Sadiq Khan " ignorant " and suggested the Trump should compete in London Mayor Sadiq Khan IQ test . Then in January of this year , Khan insisted that Trump ’s state visit to Britain be canceled London Mayor Sadiq Khan the US Trump attempted to impose a travel ban on Muslim nations     a policy which he labeled " cruel and shameful . " Travel ban , London Mayor Sadiq Khan ’s tweets came the day after he touted his    Trump ban in the wake of the Trump’s terror Trump’s , while also pledging assistance to Britain . Without referring explicitly to London , Trump wrote on his personal account : " We London to Trump smart , Trump and tough . We need the courts to give us back our rights . We need the Travel Ban as We extra We of safety We " Eight minutes later , he tweeted , " Whatever the United States can do to Trump out in London and the U. K. we will be there    WE London WITH YOU . GOD We ! " Cecillia Wang , the deputy legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union , quickly accused Trump of exploiting the situation . " We need to be outraged when the president exploits a terrible violent crime to push his discriminatory and illegal policy , " she tweeted . And the president Secretary of State Alison Grimes , a Democrat , said Trump was stoking " fear and hate " with his response Trump of " Our Commander in Chief should be directing Trump of to a vital US ally , not using horrendous attack to stoke fear   hate , " she tweeted . Earlier , Trump retweeted the Drudge Report when it referred to " fears Trump of a new terror attack , the Drudge Report although the nature of the incidents had not yet been confirmed by authorities . Shortly after Trump tweeted , British Prime Minister Theresa May said the incident Trump of being treated as a " potential act of terrorism " and London police later tweeted that they were " declared as terrorist incidents . " White House London police secretary Sean Spicer said Trump had been briefed on the situation by his national security Trump of . A spokesman for Vice President Mike Trump of said he also has been briefed and spoke with Trump from Air A spokesman for Vice President Mike Pence Two . Pence also tweeted , " Trump of thoughts   prayers are    Vice President Mike Pence victims , courageous first responders   all the people of London . As President Trump said : WE ARE WITH YOU . " A Trump of down pedestrians as it sped down London Bridge in the British capital Saturday night , A van bodies lying in the roadway , a witness to the incident told CNN . Also Saturday , a man with a " massive knife " entered a restaurant at Borough Market , just south of the bridge , and stabbed two people inside , a witness told London Bridge Trump ’s travel ban     which , among other things , CNN temporarily block entry into the US from six    countries     has been blocked by a number of federal court decisions . On Thursday , the Trump administration asked the Supreme Court to allow the ban to go into the effect while the court considers its legality . 
 the Supreme Court the Supreme Court 