A new poll out from the Los Angeles Times shows the race for the Golden State between billionaire Donald Trump , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich tightening . [ Among registered GOP voters , Trump leads Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich with 37 percent to Cruz ’s 30 percent and Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s 12 percent .   " Riding a rebellion fueled by opposition to illegal immigration and pessimism about the nation ’s future , Trump leads a scrambling duo of competitors less than three months before California ’s Republican presidential primary , a new USC    Angeles Times statewide poll has found , " Cathleen Decker of the Times wrote of the publication ’s new poll . The Angeles Times statewide poll according to cross tabs , asked the presidential preference of 391 registered Republicans from March 16 to March 23 —   producing the 37 to 30 Trump lead over Cruz with Kasich lagging behind at 12 points and with a margin of error of 5 . 5 percent . The    lead is slightly smaller than the low double digit leads Trump has Trump in previous Golden State polling done in March , albeit by rival firms to the Los Angeles Times and USC Dornsife . One poll had Trump up Trump points over his competitors Trump while another had him up Trump points . There ’s another interesting wrinkle in the polling data , in that the Los the Los Angeles Times and USC Dornsife to " likely voters USC Dornsife the GOP primary and found an even closer race . That sample size , according to RealClearPolitics , which used that slice of the poll in its polling averages for the California primary rather than the wider registered RealClearPolitics voters sample , was slightly smaller at 332 likely GOP voters . Decker ’s piece briefly addresses this in the copy GOP   and includes a chart further explaining it —   but the cross tabs data on the poll only Decker’s piece the results for the wider registered GOP voters sample , and there is no explanation in either place GOP the discrepancy in the results or how the pollsters determined someone who was a registered GOP voter was " likely " to turn out on June 7 GOP " But among the voters most likely to turn out , the poll shows the race between Trump and Cruz is nearly tied the poll Trump at 36 % versus Cruz at 35 % , " Decker wrote Trump and " The difference illustrates how a low turnout in the June 7 primary could hurt Trump and boost Cruz . " On the June 7 page of the polling Trump and the results Cruz the " likely " voters section has no data regarding this different sample set , making the omission even more interesting . The cross tabs released do include the full data on the registered voters question , and break down how Trump gets to 37 percent in that sample , and so on . The Trump and time the Los Angeles Times did a poll of the California GOP presidential primary was back between August 29 and September 8 , and that poll was done among registered GOP voters —   and no effort was a poll of the California GOP presidential primary clarify any difference between " registered " and " likely " voters . Back then , Trump was still in front —   but with only 24 percent as compared Trump and 37 percent now —   and Cruz was down at just six percent . Kasich was n’t even on the map and only achieved two percent in thef California poll last summer . Regardless of which set of numbers one believes in this new poll , neither is good for Trump —   though the latter is bad for the billionaire frontrunner . While Trump and ’s still ahead in    California , which awards 172 delegates by congressional district Kasich June 7 , a tightening race means a protracted battle with Cruz , with Kasich , and with the GOP establishment hellbent on destroying Trump ’s ascendency to the White House . Polls tightening this far away — Trump and than two months —   from a particular contest is never good for Trump , who has , many times , seen his massive polling leads shrink at least a little bit before contests . 
 