Breitbart News is in contact with a    " lifelong resident of Zachary , a Baton Rouge suburb , and a black man " who ’s laid out the truth about economic conditions that Louisiana residents are facing . [ President Barack Obama visited Zachary , after delaying a trip to Louisiana . This brave and insightful citizen journalist reached out again with perspective that the    media wo n’t be bringing you about Obama ’s visit . It ’s a perfect bookend to a piece by Louisiana State Senator Elbert Guillory , the black attorney and politician who fled the Democrat party and " has n’t looked back . "   Our anonymous citizen journalist writes : Up until Obama landed , no one knew exactly where he Obama going . The parish president of Livingston , one of the hardest hit areas , gave an interview confirming the Obama not be coming there . Trump and his mini Obama went to Livingston last week . Pres . Obama chose Obama a black middle class subdivision . He visited Zachary Castle a black middle class subdivision took a big hit , but it is one part of It city of Zachary . Zachary , Zachary as Zachary the bottom of the list in terms of damage but as I wrote in my first letter , this is a peaceful    town . It ’s the place least likely to produce this to disrupta   . Now it ’s getting strange   …     . this went and visited a shelter here in Zachary that was n’t operational Zachary somewhere between yesterday and today . That shelter in Zachary that he visited was Zachary in Zachary same neighborhood as he walked and visited . Zachary shelter was in Zachary , but across That shelter in Zachary that he visited Most of the people who have come here have been parking trailers in family or friends yard and staying there . Why would the city of Zachary open a shelter the Zachary before opening schools were back up , marshaling a ton of resources away from a supposed shelter ? Why would Obama visit a shelter that has hastily been put together in a neighborhood , though flooded , was the only neighborhood flooded in a city that was fully functional , aside from the school , through this entire process ? Yes , the hardest hit neighborhoods and cities —   places where upwards of 90 % of all homes and buildings were completely wiped out —   have not supported Obama politically or otherwise . The city of Baton Obama still had major shelters full , as does Livingston and Ascension parish . Let ’s be frank : no way Gov. John Bel The city of Baton Rouge would have allowed Obama to go to Livingston or Ascension parish because Obama people there would Livingston tested him , politely , and posed tough questions . Gov. John Bel Edwards ’d also face a tough audience in Baton Gov. John Bel Edwards . Mayor Kip Holden is by far the least popular person in the black community here , and it ’s a direct result of the Alton Sterling affair . Black people flat out hate him and the professional public servants despise him . Mayor Kip Holden same highway where Black Lives Matter Mayor Kip Holden Deray McKesson and others were arrested is now a valley of debris . I hope I ’m not stretching too far by saying this : I believe the aftermath of the racial politics that rose from the Alton Sterling case prevented Obama supporting those most severely affected by this disaster . Mayor Kip Holden probably could n’t guarantee a safe photo op for the president . I am thankful the President is the President neighborhood of my sister here in Zachary , but are officials scared of the response of the people who most needed his visit ? If you know the character and personalities the President those in the hardest hit areas , someone would have without a doubt at minimum hit Obama with some very uncomfortable questions . Breitbart News will continue to bring you the stories that the rest of the media wo n’t . 
 