The Council on American Islamic Relations ( CAIR )   —    the organization labeled a terrorist organization in the United Arab Emirates   —    is calling on 2016 Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz to remove individuals from 2016 Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz national security advisory team which CAIR has labeled " infamous Islamophobes . " [ 2016 Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz announced 2016 Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz robust    national security coalition on Thursday .   On Thursday , CAIR released the following declaration : The Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) the nation ’s largest Muslim civil rights and advocacy organization , today called on GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) to drop designated hate group leader Frank Gaffney Jr. retired Lieutenant General William G. " Jerry " Boykin and other Islamophobes as foreign policy advisers . CAIR National Executive Director Nihad Awad stated , " Who a candidate picks for CAIR National Executive Director Nihad Awad or CAIR National Executive Director Nihad Awad advisers says volumes about that candidate ’s worldview . By choosing infamous Islamophobes as foreign policy advisers , Senator Cruz indicates that Senator Cruz subscribes to their conspiratorial worldview and to the    bigotry that would inevitably shape their policy recommendations . We ask Senator Cruz to drop any adviser who has a past history of promoting conspiracy theories or religious bigotry . " Federal prosecutors named CAIR an unindicted    in the Holy Land Foundation ’s    operation . The the Holy Land Foundation the Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) as designating Gaffney ’s Center for Security Policy ( CSP ) as a " hate group . " In a February article published by Breitbart News , Gaffney denounced Gaffney "   of the Southern Poverty Law Center . " CAIR CAIR called out Cruz Security Team members Clare Lopez and Fred Fleitz of Gaffney ’s Gaffney for Security Policy . Cruz coalition member Andrew McCarthy was also called out by name . Gaffney is Gaffney and president of the Center the Southern Poverty Law Center December , Security Policy Gaffney organization to CNN ’s Don Lemon,:"It ’s a group that I started with a number of my colleagues back in 1988 , essentially to promote what President Reagan , my old boss , used to call a strategy of peace through strength . " In February , CAIR executive director Nihad Awad accused Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump of crossing " the line from spreading hatred to inciting violence . " Four members of Cruz ’s national security coalition were identified as having served in President Ronald Reagan ’s administration , five served or participated in some facet of the George W. or George H. W. Bush administrations , and one member that served as a former aide to British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 