Tampa ( CNN ) To the delight of reporters , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign this week finally heeded the media ’s repeated requests for more access by putting Hillary Clinton traveling press corps on the same plane with the Democratic nominee . The first 48 hours of this arrangement produced two lengthy    gaggles in as many days . But it was also clear that the former secretary of state appears less than entirely comfortable with having dozens of eager reporters in such close quarters , resulting in a handful of exchanges that at times felt as awkward as a blind date . The first time Clinton walked to the back section of the plane on Monday reserved for press , Clinton said with an enthusiastic smile : " I ’ve been just waiting for this moment . " " I ’m thrilled . No , really ! " Clinton added , as though to acknowledge the slight irony of Clinton initial comment . " I wanted to welcome you onto the plane . I think it ’s pretty cool , do n’t you ? " Unsure of what to say , reporters remained silent . " You ’re supposed to say , Clinton quipped Clinton before talking about Labor Day and the next few weeks of the campaign . The interaction underscored a reality about the new flying arrangement : Both Clinton and Clinton pack Clinton reporters are out of practice when it comes to casual interactions with each other .   Reporters who have covered Clinton for Clinton witnessed something similar when she launched Clinton campaign Clinton the campaign after four years of serving as secretary of state and then taking some time off , it took Clinton a Clinton to find her footing Clinton with press and voters on the campaign trail . With just more than two months left until Election Day , members of the press have turned up the pressure on the Clinton campaign Clinton the candidate to take more questions from reporters . There is an ongoing count among reporters on the number of days since Clinton ’s Clinton news conference . Privately , aides chalk it all up to Clinton being Clinton    than political animal , not her lack Clinton familiarity with the press . Clinton herself Clinton politicking " is not easy for her " and Clinton she is not Clinton " natural politician , in case you have n’t noticed , like my husband or President Obama . " Her Republican opponent Clinton meanwhile , has taken a drastically different approach in dealing with the press . Donald Trump the press press conferences and impromptu gaggles ( his traveling press corps still travels Donald Trump a separate plane ) . But the businessman also publicly and frequently Donald Trump press , going after reporters the press naming individuals ) in stump speeches and even barring some news outlets from his campaign events . To the surprise of Donald Trump reporters , Clinton returned to the back of the plane on Tuesday . But she pointed a separate plane it was n’t exactly her Clinton . " Good morning everybody , I Clinton come back later . Jen has convinced me I need to , " Clinton said in jest , a reference to her Clinton , Jennifer Palmieri , who was standing Clinton by . Clinton chatted casually for a few minutes , telling Clinton that she was powering through the allergies that have strained Clinton voice in recent days and even sharing that Clinton had upped her antihistamines . One reporter wanted Clinton ’s reaction Clinton Trump ’s campaign manager ’s Clinton that Clinton is " allergic to media . " " Clinton said I ’m allergic to him , that ’s what I said , " One reporter responded . After the plane took off Tuesday Clinton Westchester County Airport en route to Tampa , Clinton returned as promised for another gaggle . " Clinton , everybody . We had so much fun yesterday , I think we will do this again , " Clinton began We " Adventures on the plane . Clinton Tuesday evening , as the the plane was returning to New York from Florida the plane press corps tried its luck at engaging Clinton one more time with a campaign tradition the traveling press corps Clinton an orange with a question written on it down the aisle to the front of the plane .   an orange question , written with a marker , the plane Clinton would rather have dinner with     Trump or Clinton President Vladimir Putin .   Clinton ’s traveling press secretary Nick Merrill rolled the Clinton , with the word " Putin " circled .   But an orange , Merrill informed the traveling press corps Russian President Vladimir Putin Clinton was not responsible for marking the answer Clinton’s traveling press secretary Nick Merrill it Clinton actually Merrill who had circled the orange , and Clinton never indicated her preferred dinner partner Clinton’s traveling press secretary Nick Merrill 
 Clinton Clinton an orange 