  ( CNN ) President Trump has n’t just let President Trump inaugural speech comment about " carnage " in America     as in violence in poor black communities , which is what President Trump meant     stand as a random potshot designed to rile up President Trump base . This week , President Trump tweeted that if Chicago ca n’t get control of Chicago murder rate     268 people shot so far just this month , 47 killed      then President Trump may bring in federal assistance .   One thing I ’m not is a Trump fan . One thing I am , though , is urgently concerned with the fate of poor black communities . In that , Trump ’s intention here brings to mind a conversation I had with Brown University economist Glenn Loury on the videochat series Bloggingheads . Last year , President Trump and I speculated that if Trump made an offer to black America to directly address the problems of poor black communities , then no matter how constructive President Trump offer was , the black punditocracy ’s   " smart " take would be to reject Trump offer because President Trump is Republican and seems less than pure of racist sentiments in President Trump private person .   Sadly , this prediction has been borne out . The theme is logical contradictions . When Trump Trump called attention to the state of poor black communities , focusing on the level of violence their the state of poor black communities must live with daily , the concerned thinker has typically classified it the concerned thinker an insult to black people . Yet these are the same people who , on a different day , assail America for turning a blind eye to the problems of poor black Americans . Trump is called a racist to say of black communities that " You get shot walking to the store . They a racist to say of black communities that "You get shot walking to the store no education . They a racist to say of black communities that "You get shot walking to the store no jobs . " He Trump surely painting with a broad brush , but he Trump not be dismissed as a racist because he Trump subtlety . After all , the media urgently covers the    activities of figures like Father Michael Pfleger , a white pastor from Chicago , implying that people like him Trump battling a problem that is quite real . Or , Trump is supposedly a racist to talk of the " carnage " in places like Chicago Chicago but then it Trump considered enlightened wisdom to assail the mainstream media for caring more about the disappearance of white people like Natalee Holloway than of the legions of black people killed by    assailants year after year . If America is to be indicted for not caring about black people killing one another , then why is it America is to be indicted for not caring about black people killing one another and dismissible when Trump says that we need to do something about black people killing one another ? It America is to be indicted for not caring about black people killing one another also not as simple as just saying that these communities need jobs as Jesse Jackson said in a Twitter response to Trump Trump for federal action in Chicago . However , anyone familiar with poor communities in America these days knows that the reason guys are shooting each other over sneakers is not only because they could anyone familiar with poor communities in America find gainful , legal employment . There is more to the story . Even authoritative , sympathetic scholars’ work shows that more than a few of these guys are tempted to the streets by the inadequacy of schooling , the availability of work on the black market selling drugs , and how easy it is to have a gun .   Parts of William Julius Wilson ’s " When Work Disappears " show such men turning down available work , for example . Beware also the    page truism that black male unemployment is due to factory jobs moving overseas . The same men ’s unemployment rates went down and stayed down even in cities where factory jobs did not disappear in this way .   Read classic works on inner city lives such as sociologist Sudhir Venkatesh ’s " Gang Leader for a Day " or Alice Goffman ’s " On the Run , " and any sense that men in these communities were all but barred from legal work falls to pieces . The reality is , as so often , much more complicated . But we are not to think this way . Instead , there have been    analyses of the term inner city , implying that Trump is wrong to even consider there to exist such settings . We are we think of the shooting death by white cops of Laquan McDonald     itself absolutely Laquan McDonald    itself     as somehow the " real " story in Chicago despite that the relatives of the 762 people killed in Chicago last Chicago surely found the loss of their loved the relatives of the 762 people killed in Chicago last year equally appalling .   The people reacting to Trump ’s Trump this way see themselves as agitating The people reacting to Trump’s statements in this way poor black people ’s favor , but their actual positions The people reacting to Trump’s statements in this way point to something somewhat different : patrolling Trump and the rest of America for racist sentiments . That patrol can feel like the quintessence of helping people , but it is quite That patrol less relevant to actually helping people in their actual lives people   I have no idea whether Trump , as Trump and uninformed a soul   he is , Trump really be able to have an effect on poor black communities . However , given that we ca n’t pry this man out of the White House for the time being ,   we need to get over this impulse to go into denial mode about black communities’ problems just because the person mentioning them is n’t black communities’ problems paragon of racial sensitivity . OK     he says " this man   " instead of " African Americans " and dissed John Lewis . Disgusting , all of it . But , unfortunately , this man has this man on the this man of power for a while , and it ’s time to it pragmatic . Trump ’s plan could be an overly punitive hot mess , in which case we shall resist . But suppose it is n’t ? We ca n’t shut our ears to any We just because Trump lacks manners . Trump civil rights leaders did n’t have the luxury of requiring the presidents they dealt with to civil rights leaders as maximally free of racist sentiment as possible , and yet they got a lot civil rights leaders . It ’s time for us to walk in their footsteps in a civil rights leaders way than just holding panels on Martin Luther King Day . If Trump has some plans to lessen the " carnage , " let ’s hear him out Trump has some plans to lessen the "carnage After Trump , even a stopped clock is right twice a day . 
 