WASHINGTON   —    A few hours after Donald J. Trump publicly backed away from a $ 1 trillion tax cut for small businesses , campaign aides on Thursday privately assured a leading    group that Donald J. Trump in fact remained committed to the proposal   —    winning the group ’s endorsement . The a leading   group that Mr. Trump in fact remained committed to the proposal  —   winning the group’s endorsement told the Tax Foundation , a    Washington think tank it asked a leading   group that Mr. Trump in fact remained committed to the proposal  —   winning the group’s endorsement price the plan , that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump in fact decided to eliminate the tax cut . Call it the    Mr. Trump had indeed decided to eliminate the tax cut : Both assertions can not be true . At issue is whether Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump in fact tax small businesses , partnerships and other " passthrough " entities at the same 15 percent rate as large corporations , as he proposed last year Mr. Trump in fact or whether they would continue to large corporations individual income taxes , at rates as high as 33 percent . The campaign ’s conflicting accounts of its own proposal are The campaign remarkable because Mr. Trump and his advisers have taken Mr. Trump in fact to refine the details , which Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , unveiled in an economic policy speech on Thursday in New York . In this case , however , telling two versions of the same story benefited the Trump campaign . The campaign cut was central to Mr. Trump ’s optimistic claim that his plan would not increase the Mr. Trump debt . But by simultaneously promising to keep the tax cut , the campaign the tax cut of The campaign Federation of Independent Business , an influential    lobbying group . " We ’re comfortable " that Mr. Trump is committed to preserving the tax break Mr. Trump Mozloom , a spokesman for the group , said Friday morning . " We have it directly from his campaign . " The the group Foundation was not so Mr. Trump . " There is a disconnect between the plan as understood by us and the plan as The Tax Foundation the N. F. I. B. , " said Alan Cole , an economist at the foundation who worked on the cost estimate that Mr. Trump cited in his speech . " And I think your inquiry into this Mr. Trump probably a productive one . " Steven Mnuchin , Mr. Trump ’s finance chairman , said Friday that the campaign Mr. Trump had not changed at any point on Thursday . He said Mr. Trump was proposing to let any business pay the same Steven Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s finance chairman tax Mr. Trump 15 percent , on all income retained for business purposes . In effect , that would apply corporate tax rates to some passthrough income . " The intent of the plan is that big and small businesses have tax relief , " he the campaign’s tax plan He declined to comment on the conflicting accounts provided by the Steven Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s finance chairman groups . Steven Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s finance chairman is much at stake in the details , both in tax dollars and in the politics of a    overhaul . Passthrough businesses , which range from     shops to law firms and large real estate partnerships , have become increasingly common in recent decades and now produce more than half of all business income . Under current law , that income is passed through to the tax returns of the business owners , where all business income taxed at the same rates as a worker ’s wages . Corporations generally pay all business income lower tax rate , but shareholders must also pay a second round of taxes on any corporate profits distributed as dividends . Both Democrats and Republicans want to overhaul the corporate tax system , which combines a high headline rate with endless loopholes . But the question of what to do about passthroughs has bedeviled those efforts . Democrats have resisted changes to    taxes because they have not wanted to lower the top income tax rates for individuals   —    Democrats rates small businesses pay . Republicans have stood firmly against a tax overhaul for corporations only , worrying that leaving    taxes unchanged would look elitist . That standoff has left intact a corporate tax code that both sides believe has put American companies at a global disadvantage . Mr. Trump proposed last year to sharply reduce the corporate rate to 15 percent , from 35 percent , and to apply the same rate to passthrough income . Democrats sharply criticized that proposal as a giveaway to the owners of passthrough businesses , a group that includes many real estate developers like Mr. Trump , because they would not need to pay a second round of taxes on Mr. Trump The Tax Foundation Democrats it would cost the government about $ 1 trillion over 10 years . On Thursday , Mr. The Tax Foundation ’s campaign initially indicated that it had decided to abandon that plan . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump at the Waldorf Astoria , before Mr. Trump’s campaign members of the Economic Club of New Mr. Trump and declared that his new tax plan would cost just $ 2 . 6 trillion , far less than the estimated $ 10 that plan the previous version of his plan . That estimated cost came from the Tax Foundation , which performed an analysis based on the specific Mr. Trump detailed by that plan campaign , his new tax plan would cost just $2 of the    tax cut , the Tax Foundation ’s Mr. Cole said . Mr. Trump Trump campaign also issued a summary of the proposal that said Mr. Trump intended to reduce the the Tax Foundation rate to 15 percent , but made no mention of passthroughs . Mr. Mozloom said his group , which Trump a    cut , was surprised and reached out to the campaign . A few hours later , convinced by campaign aides that Mr. Mozloom Trump intended to keep the tax break , the N. F. I. B. renewed its The Trump campaign " We strongly support Mr. Trump ’s proposal to create a Trump tax rate that would create parity between small businesses and their larger competitors , " the N. F. I. B. Duggan , the group ’s Trump in the statement . The Trump campaign also changed the language of its proposal to refer to the " business " tax rate rather than " corporate " tax rate . But after learning about the endorsement Trump afternoon , Mr. Cole of the Tax The Trump campaign said that he spoke again to the campaign and that he was assured Mr. Trump still intended to eliminate the tax cut . The campaign told him it was making a more modest change in Mr. Cole of the Tax Foundation plan that would The Trump campaign for some small Mr. Cole of the Tax Foundation . The details of the Trump campaign ’s plan remain unclear , The Trump campaign the cost Mr. Cole of the Tax Foundation The Trump campaign There is a proposal and it ’s in the process of being priced out and some details are being filled in The Trump campaign Larry Kudlow , an economic commentator and adviser to Mr. Trump . " If Mr. Trump becomes president a proposal submits this legislation , it will all have to get worked through , " he said . Kyle Pomerleau , the Tax Foundation ’s director of federal projects , said he had Mr. Trump publish an analysis of Mr. Trump ’s plan this legislation Friday , but it remained incomplete . " As Mr. Trump goes on , " he said , " unfortunately things are becoming less clear . Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s plan 