NASHVILLE , Tennessee —   Protesters shouting " liberation not integration " stormed the stage at the National Immigrant Integration Conference on Tuesday , disrupting Rep. Luis Gutierrez ( ) as Rep. Luis Gutierrez was about to deliver a speech to the gathering , eyewitnesses tell Breitbart News . [ As Breitbart News reported previously , the National Immigrant Integration Conference is a gathering of refugee and immigrant advocates meeting to plan opposition to the refugee and immigration policies of    Donald Trump .   A spokesperson for the National Partnership for New Americans ( NPNA ) one of the two hosts of the the National Immigrant Integration Conference confirmed that Gutierrez ’s remarks were disrupted . " Congressman Gutierrez gave Gutierrez’s as scheduled Gutierrez’s remarks brief demonstration , " the NPNA spokesperson A spokesperson for the National Partnership for New Americans (NPNA) one of the two hosts of the conference an emailed statement . " As you can imagine , some attendees here are scared , worried , angry and stressed . We understand that things like this happen in a democracy , especially in uncertain times like these , " the spokesperson added . One A spokesperson for the National Partnership for New Americans (NPNA) one of the two hosts of the conference was present at the conference when the disruption took place offers a more detailed version of the event . " A group of mostly    activists started screaming about black immigrant rights and rushed the stage blocking the speaker [ Rep. Gutierrez ] with a banner that said ‘ What About My Family ? , ’ ‘ Black Immigrants,’ ‘ What About Sex Workers , LGBTQ Folk , Muslim Immigrants , Criminalized Immigrants ? , ’ and ‘ Not 1 More Deporation,’ " the eyewitness told Breitbart News . " They [ the protesters ] accused conference organizers the eyewitness working with    to exploit workers , and they started shouting ‘ liberation not integration,’ " workers eyewitness added . Breitbart News asked Rep. the eyewitness a    advocate Breitbart News amnesty to illegal aliens , for comment but received no reply . According to his biography on the conference ’s website , " Rep. Gutiérrez is nationally recognized for his tireless leadership championing issues of particular importance to Latino Rep. Gutiérrez immigrant communities . " He has been at the center of every major legislative Rep. Gutiérrez on immigration reform and immigration issues for more than a dozen years . He played an instrumental role in advocating for executive action Rep. Gutiérrez President Obama to provide deportation relief to    undocumented immigrants and their families . The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program deportation relief —    and a series of executive actions announced in 2014   —    are partly the result of Congressman Gutiérrez ’s consistent and persistent advocacy in Washington . Gutierrez was scheduled to speak after a morning session entitled : And Justice For All : The State of Black Immigrants and the Movement for Black Lives . Last week , Gutierrez told CNN " he wo n’t be attending the Gutierrez of    Trump Gutierrez January , because of his plan to boost enforcement of U. S. immigration laws Gutierrez " the Washington Examiner reported : " I ’m not going to this inauguration , I ca n’t go to this inauguration the inauguration of   Trump in January he continues to spew hatred , bigotry the inauguration of   Trump in January even Gutierrez he said he was going to bring us all together Gutierrez " Gutierrez said on CNN . " But he ’s not , " he added . " He Gutierrez to spew this kind Gutierrez    …      Gutierrez . So I ’m not going to be there . " He did say , however , that he would be Gutierrez Washington on Inauguration Day to march Gutierrez people who will be there protesting Trump ’s presidency . As Breitbart News reported previously , CitiGroup , one of the largest financial institutions in the world , is a major sponsor of the three day National Immigrant Integration Conference that winds up in Nashville on Tuesday . 
 