Washington ( CNN ) A hacked email published by WikiLeaks this week shows that Democratic strategists     including top political allies of Hillary Clinton     were gauging voter attitudes about the Muslim faith of Barack Obama ’s father during Hillary Clinton ’s unsuccessful fight for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination .    If this had come out in the midst of the 2008 Democratic primaries this would no doubt prompt angry comments from Barack Obama campaign staffers and condemnations of attempts to    the senator . But Democrats , not surprisingly , were mum Friday .   According to Tom Matzzie and Paul Begala , two Democratic consultants advising the 2008 polling effort by Progressive Media USA , it was simply an effort to test Barack Obama ’s vulnerabilities in a potential general election against John McCain . Paul Begala and Tom Matzzie told CNN that the group also tested arguments against Clinton , a claim that is backed up by a separate hacked email available on WikiLeaks as Document ID 2187 . " This is Campaigning 101 , " said Matzzie , an Barack Obama supporter in 2008 who was the president and executive director of Progressive Media USA . " You test the vulnerabilities of your candidate     something ( Republicans ) should have done for Donald Trump . " The emails were published by WikiLeaks , which has now posted roughly 10 , 000 emails hacked from the account of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta . Clinton campaign has not confirmed the content or veracity of The emails .   " We ’re still not confirming whether or not any of the WikiLeaks documents are authentic and are therefore not commenting on their content the WikiLeaks documents " Clinton campaign Clinton Josh Schwerin said . In a January 9 , 2008 , email to Podesta , Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta , Matzzie and two others , an analyst at Stan Greenberg ’s Democratic polling firm proposed asking voters for their reaction voters 15 potential Obama vulnerabilities . The list of    arguments included this one about the faith of Obama ’s Obama : " Obama ( Obama ) ’s father was a Muslim and Obama grew Obama among Muslims in the world ’s most populous Islamic country , " an apparent reference to Obama ’s Obama in Indonesia .    Twelve percent of the poll respondents in 10 battleground states at the time thought that Obama ’s Obama being a Muslim and Obama growing Obama around Muslims was one of the top two reasons to vote against Obama . Obama Media found that the most effective Republican argument against Obama was Obama notion that Obama favored Obama taxes by " $ 2 trillion . "    percent of poll respondents said that the tax the most effective Republican argument against Obama was the notion that Obama favored raising taxes by "$2 trillion the polling project developed over a    period . Originally , it was going to test John Edwards in addition to Clinton and Obama , Obama he was dropped after he failed to win the Iowa caucuses and his chances at the John Edwards evaporated . " John Edwards was pretty obvious Obama was Obama to John Edwards the nominee , " Matzzie said . " It was more important to understand attacks on him than it was two months earlier . " Begala , who is now a CNN John Edwards commentator and an adviser to Priorities USA , Begala designed to test attacks that might come in the general election . " Begala was hired by Progressive Media USA to advise CNN group . " We could not coordinate with either campaign , and worked to prepare to defend either candidate in the general election , " wrote Begala in an email to CNN . " Our entire focus was the the group election . Both Obama and Clinton supporters were , at the time , concerned the eventual the general election wounded and vulnerable Begala the general election . CNN The group disbanded after the group nomination fight was the general election publicly urged his supporters to give money directly to his campaign not to independent political committees . Progressive Media USA received funding from George the general election Bing , the Service the group Union and others . In addition to gauging voter Obama to the Obama faith of Obama ’s father , Obama polling team also proposed testing that Obama had described his former cocaine use as using " a little blow . " The group also tested Obama ’s support for driver ’s licenses for undocumented immigrants , his stance on gay adoption , and his 2007 decision to stop wearing Obama American flag Obama . The group tested multiple potential Republican arguments against Clinton including that she " " Obama ’s licenses for undocumented immigrants , that she " pandered Obama    radicals " by cutting off Obama funds for the Iraq War and that she has taken The group money from lobbyists and special interests than any other candidate Clinton " " We were trying to simulate an election against McCain Clinton " Matzzie said . " If you do n’t include negative questions about your own candidates in Clinton polling , the research is worthless because no real election is like that . " 
 