JANESVILLE , Wisconsin   —    Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) a former GOP presidential candidate who won this state over current GOP nominee Donald Trump back during the primaries , is not backing House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s    during House Speaker Paul Ryan primary against Republican businessman Paul Nehlen at this point . [ Cruz ’s team , over the course of several emails on Friday , told Breitbart News House Speaker Paul Ryan . It ’s worth noting , though House Speaker Paul Ryan that according to Cruz ’s team Ryan has not asked Cruz for his endorsement . Cruz also refused Cruz’s Donald House Speaker Paul Ryan for president , Cruz a House Speaker Paul Ryan speaking slot Cruz the Republican National Convention .   " Sen. Cruz likes and respects Paul Ryan , " Cruz spokeswoman Catherine Frazier told Breitbart Cruz Cruz He considers House Speaker Paul Ryan asked , and in Cruz case a request was n’t made . " Cruz ’s spokesman Zack Roday has not responded to a request for comment in response to House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s refusal to endorse to Ryan . Roday did respond with a press statement when Trump Cruz endorse Ryan earlier House Speaker Paul Ryan week . Cruz ’s Ryan’s spokesman Zack Roday to withhold an endorsement of Ryan may end House Speaker Paul Ryan being more consequential than Trump ’s Cruz do so for at House Speaker Paul Ryan the past few days . Trump is expected to endorse Ryan Trump sources have confirmed to Breitbart News , and it ’s likely to happen Trump his event on Friday evening in Green Bay , according to Fox News . Cruz Breitbart News the state of Wisconsin back Trump the presidential primaries , the last state he would win Breitbart News won the state by running a campaign remarkably similar to the one Ryan is running now , on the issue of he . the state of Wisconsin    on the House Speaker Paul Ryan Partnership , now opposing it after ramming Trade Promotion Authority House Speaker Paul Ryan would    its passage through Congress . The two —   Ryan and Cruz —   the   Partnership wrote a joint    together in the Wall the   Partnership Journal House Speaker Paul Ryan the TPP and pushing for passage of TPA , something Cruz later changed positions on but something Ryan still supports . Cruz was also backed by Gov. Scott Walker during the primary , Cruz Walker is supporting Ryan in his primary against Republican businessman Cruz Nehlen here . 
 Ryan Gov. Scott Walker Gov. Scott Walker 