  ( CNN ) The Justice Department asked the Supreme Court on Monday to rehear the controversial case concerning the Obama administration ’s executive actions on immigration that split the justices    last spring once the Supreme Court has nine   members again .   Because the the justices    evenly divided in the the controversial case concerning the Obama administration’s executive actions on immigration that split the justices   last spring once the court has nine  members again they issued a the justices    ruling on June 23 , without comment or dissent , upholding the lower court opinion that blocked the programs from going forward .   President Barack Obama ’s actions were meant to help more than 4 million undocumented immigrants to come out of the shadows and apply for programs that could lead to work authorization and associated benefits .   The opinion was a loss for the Obama administration and millions of undocumented workers who hoped to apply for the programs , the programs set no new The opinion precedent . It was a victory for Texas and 25 other states who challenged the programs arguing they represented an unauthorized abuse of presidential power . The DOJ will have an uphill climb convincing the justices to rehear the case next term , as it would take the The DOJ of five justices to do so . In one of his first filings as    general , Ian Heath Gershengorn agreed in court papers that it is " exceedingly Ian Heath Gershengorn " for the court to grant rehearing .   But , he wrote , there Ian Heath Gershengorn a " strong need for definitive resolution by this court at this the court "   He noted that the Ian Heath Gershengorn injunction put in place by the lower court had the the court the programs across the country , and it is doubtful that the judge     who will now take up the case again     will change his mind . " Ian Heath Gershengorn court therefore should grant rehearing to the court a decision by the court when it has a full complement the court , rather the court allow a nonprecedential affirmance by an equally divided court to leave in place a nationwide injunction of such significance , " Gershengorn wrote . The justices already refused to hear two similar petitions in other    cases , and progressives have said the ruling should prompt the Senate to vote to confirm a ninth justice . After the Supreme Court ’s ruling in June , presumptive the court Donald Trump tweeted that the court has " kept us safe from exec amnesty     the court , " while Hillary Clinton said it was " heartbreaking " and could " tear apart families . " 
 