Comedian Nick Offerman heaped praise on Hillary Clinton in an interview this week , calling the Democratic candidate the " sane " and " moral choice " for president and said that the " election would be over already " if Hillary Clinton " were not a woman . " [ " I think unfortunately , for the democratic process , there ’s no logical or sane or moral choice to be made other than voting for Hillary Clinton , " the former Parks and Recreation star told Esquire in an interview . " But I also think that if she Hillary Clinton not a woman , we would not be in this boat . I think the election would be over already . "   The     actor said that he The    actor " incredibly excited " for the possibility of America ’s first female president , but believes Americans distrust Clinton because they Americans are very reluctant to see the patriarchy topple . " " I am incredibly excited that the glass ceiling will be shattered , " he The    actor . " I mean , we we had our we black president and we we probably have our we woman president . And of course we we going to go kicking and screaming as a nation into that , we we have it no other way . At the end of the day , we we all a bunch of big babies . But what an exciting accomplishment . " Last May , while hosting the 20th annual Webby Awards , Offerman cracked jokes about Clinton and lamented the fact that " grandma " wo n’t be as    as President Obama . Obama President Obama " be replaced by a grandpa who is a racist or a grandma who does n’t understand how ‘ reply all’ works , " he Offerman . Offerman Offerman the magazine that " it ’s usually easy for me to vote because one party usually offends me by being indecent . And that usually has to do with taking away the rights of some group . " Sharing his Offerman to Esquire about Donald Trump , Offerman Offerman he Offerman " the dissatisfaction that has led to his Offerman , " but contends that if the America people were attempting to " make a statement with your dissatisfaction , you really should ’ve found a better representative of your desires . " Read Offerman Offerman full interview with Esquire Esquire .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 