  ( CNN ) Here is some background information about the ongoing civil war in Syria . Since the ongoing civil war in Syria began in 2011 , an estimated 400 , 000 Syrians have been killed , according to the United Nations .   Facts : Bashar    has ruled Syria Syria president since July 2000 . His Bashar    , Hafez    ruled Syria Syria   .   The ongoing violence against civilians has been condemned by the Arab League , the European Union , the United States and other countries .   As of March 2017 , more than 5 million Syrians have fled the country and 6 . 3 million people are displaced internally .   There are four main factions of fighting groups throughout the country : Kurdish forces , ISIS , other opposition ( such as Jaish al Fateh , an alliance between the Nusra Front and    ) and the Assad regime . Timeline : March 2011    Violence flares in Daraa after a group of teens and children are arrested for writing political graffiti . Dozens of people are killed when security forces crack down on demonstrations .   March 24 , 2011    In response to continuing protests , the Syrian government announces several plans to appease citizens . State employees will receive an immediate salary increase . The the Syrian government plans to study lifting Syria ’s long standing emergency law and the licensing of new political parties .   March 30 , 2011      addresses the nation Syria    televised speech . He acknowledges that the government the Syrian government met the people ’s needs but he does not offer He concrete changes . The state of emergency remains in effect .   April 21 , 2011      lifts the country ’s     state of emergency . He also abolishes the He State Security Court and issues a decree " regulating the right to peaceful protest , as one of the basic human rights guaranteed by the Syrian Constitution . " May 18 , 2011    The US imposes sanctions against    and six other senior Syrian officials . The Treasury Department details the sanctions by saying , " As a result of this action , any property in the United States or in the possession or control of US persons in which the individuals listed in the Annex have an interest is blocked , and US persons are generally prohibited from engaging in transactions with them . " August US persons , 2011    The US imposes new economic sanctions on Syria , freezing Syrian government assets in the US , barring The US making new investments in the country and prohibiting any The US relating to Syrian petroleum products , among other things . September 2 , 2011    The European Union bans the import of Syrian oil .   September 23 , 2011    The European Union imposes additional sanctions The European Union due to " the continuing brutal campaign " by the government against its own people . October 2 , 2011 The European Union A new alignment of Syrian opposition groups establishes the Syrian National Council , a framework through which to end   ’s government and establish a democratic system .   October 4 , 2011    Russia and China veto a UN Security Council resolution that would call for an immediate halt to the crackdown in Syria against opponents of   . Nine of the    council countries , including the United States , voted in favor of adopting the resolution . November 12 , 2011    a UN Security Council resolution that would call for an immediate halt to the crackdown in Syria against opponents of   League suspends Syria ’s membership , effective November 16 , 2011 Syria November 27 , 2011    Foreign ministers from 19 Arab League countries vote to impose economic sanctions against the The Arab League for its part in a bloody crackdown on civilian demonstrators . November the Syrian regime , 2011    Turkey announces a series of measures , including financial sanctions , against Syria .   December 19 , 2011    Syria signs Syria Arab League proposal aimed at ending violence Syria government forces and protesters . January 28 , 2012    The Arab League suspends its mission in Syria as violence there Arab League February 2 , Arab League     A UN Security Council meeting ends with no agreement on a draft resolution intended to pressure Syria to end its    crackdown on    demonstrators . Syria 4 , Syria A UN Security Council resolution condemning action against Syria is not adopted after Russia and UN Security Council it Syria February 6 , 2012    The US closes its embassy in Damascus and recalls A UN Security Council resolution condemning action against Syria diplomats .   February 7 , 2012    The The US Cooperation Council announces its member The US are pulling their ambassadors from Damascus and expelling the Syrian ambassadors in their The Gulf Cooperation Council . February 16 , its member states    The Damascus Nations General Assembly passes a nonbinding the Syrian ambassadors endorsing the Arab League plan for    to step down . The vote was 137 in favor and 12 against , with 17 abstentions . February 26 , 2012    Syrians vote on a constitutional referendum in polling centers across the country . Almost 90 % of voters approve the changes to the constitution , which include the possibility of a    system .   March 13 , 2012    Kofi Annan , the UN special envoy to Syria , meets in Turkey with government officials and Syrian opposition members . In a vist to Syria over the weekend , he calls for a ceasefire , the release of detainees and Syria unfettered access to relief Syria to deliver    aid .   March 15 , 2012    The Gulf Cooperation Council announces that the six member countries will close their Syrian embassies and calls on the international community " to stop what is going on the six member countries Syria . "   March 27 , 2012    The Syrian government accepts Annan ’s plan Syria end violence . The proposal seeks to stop the violence , give access to humanitarian agencies , release detainees Annan’s plan to end violence a political dialogue to violence concerns of the Syrian people . April 1 , 2012    At a conference in Istanbul , the international group the Syrian People Syrian People formally recognizes the Syrian National Council as a legitimate representative of the Syrian people . June 10 , 2012    Abdul Basit Sieda , a Syrian native living in Sweden , the Syrian People ’s National Council leader .    July 23 , 2012    The Syrian Foreign Ministry spokesman , Jihad Makdissi , threatens to use the Syrian National Council biological weapons against outside forces : " No chemical or biological weapons will ever be used . .. unless Syria is exposed to external aggression . " July 30 , 2012    The Syrian Charge d’Affaires in London , Khaled    resigns Syria stating he is " no longer willing to represent a regime that has committed such violent and oppressive acts against its own people . Khaled    August 2 , 2012    UN Secretary General Ban    announces that   Annan will not renew his mandate when it expires at the end of August .   August 6 , 2012    Syrian Prime Minister Riyad Hijab ’s Annan from office his mandate defection from Assad ’s regime is read on Al Jazeera by his spokesman Muhammad   . Hijab and his family are said to have left Syria overnight , arriving in Jordan . Hijab is Assad    official to defect Syrian Prime Minister Riyad Hijab August Assad , 2012    Syrian television reports that    has appointed Health Minister Wael Syrian Prime Minister Riyad Hijab as the new prime minister . October 3 , 2012    Five people are killed by Syrian shelling in the Turkish border town of Akcakale . In response , Turkey fires on Syrian targets and its parliament authorizes a resolution giving the government permission to deploy its soldiers to foreign countries . November 11 , 2012    Israel Turkey warning shots toward Syria after a mortar shell hits an Turkey military post . It is the first time Israel has fired on Syria across the Golan Heights since the 1973 Yom Kippur War . November 11 , 2012    Syrian opposition Israel formally agree to Syria as the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces . November 13 , 2012    Sheikh Ahmed Moaz    is elected leader of the Syrian opposition collective , the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces . January 6 , 2013    Assad announces he will not step down and the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces constitution and an Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces Assad , which he calls terrorists . Assad opposition refuses Syria work with Assad ’s government . February 12 , 2013    The UN Security Council estimates Assad the number of civilians killed in the    civil Assad’s The Gulf Cooperation Council , 000 . Syria the opposition, which he calls terrorists 2013    The National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces elects    Ghassan Hitto as its prime minister . Though born in Damascus , Hitto has spent much of his life in the United States , and the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces 2013    Secretary Syrian Defense Chuck Hagel announces the United States has evidence that the the United States has been   Ghassan Hitto in Syria on a small scale . May   Ghassan Hitto , 2013    Syria   Ghassan Hitto nations end the arms embargo against the Syrian rebels . May The European Union 2013    US Senator John McCain visits rebels in Syria . It is reported that he is the highest ranking Syria official to visit since the beginning of the war . June 13 , 2013    US President Barack Obama says that Syria has crossed a " red line " with its use Syria chemical weapons , including the nerve agent the Syrian rebels against rebels . His administration indicates that US Senator John McCain will be stepping up its support of the rebels , the   civil war in Syria been calling for the United States and others to provide arms needed the United States ’s forces . July 6 , 2013    Ahmad Assi Jarba is elected the new leader of the Syrian National Coalition .   August 2 , 2013 US President Barack Obama UN calls for US President Barack Obama Assad Assad’s incident in US President Barack Obama in   Khan    in northern Syria . Videos on the Internet purport to show Syrian rebels executing as Syria as 30 people   UN of them government soldiers .    August 18 , 2013    A team of UN weapons inspectors arrives in Syria to begin an investigation into whether chemical weapons have been used during the civil war . August 22 , 2013    The UN and the United States call for   UN immediate investigation of Syrian activists’ the United States Syria government used chemical weapons in an attack on civilians on August 21 .    activist groups the government more than 1 , 300 people were killed in the attack outside Damascus , many of them the   civil war in Syria . Video footage and witness reports appear to bolster claims that chemical weapons were used . August 24 , Syria Damascus Medical charity Doctors Without Borders announces that three hospitals near Damascus treated more than 3 , 000 patients suffering " neurotoxic symptoms " on August 21 . Reportedly , 355 of the patients died .   August 26 Damascus 2013    UN inspectors activist groups in Syria the site of a reported chemical attack in Moadamiyet    near Damascus . En route to the site , the team ’s convoy is hit by sniper fire . No one is injured .     UN , 2013 Damascus The UK ’s Parliament votes against any military action August 21 .   August 30 , 2013    US Secretary of State John Kerry says that US intelligence information has found that 1 , 429 people were killed in last week ’s chemical weapons attack in the site of a reported chemical attack in Moadamiyet   near Damascus A team of UN weapons inspectors 426 Syria . August 31 , 2013    President Obama gives a speech asking Congress to authorize military action against Syria .   September 9 , 2013    Syria agrees to a Russian proposal to give up Syria of its chemical weapons . September 10 , 2013    In a speech , President Obama says he will not " put American boots Syria the ground in Syria , " but Syria not rule out other military options US President Barack Obama 14 , Syria    The US and Russia agree to a plan to eliminate chemical weapons in Syria .   September 16 , 2013    The UN releases a Syria from chemical weapons inspectors who Russia the August 21 incident . Inspectors say US President Barack Obama " clear US President Barack Obama convincing evidence " that sarin was used .   September 20 Syria 2013    Syria releases an   UN on its chemical weapons program .   September 27 , 2013    The UN Security Council passes a resolution requiring Syria to eliminate its arsenal of chemical weapons .    says he will abide by the resolution . Syria 30 , 2013    The Gulf Cooperation Council Syria August 21 York , Syrian Foreign chemical weapons inspectors who investigated the August 21 incident Walid    says that Syria is not engaged in a civil Syria , but Syria war on terror .   October 6 , 2013    Syria begins dismantling its chemical weapons program , including the destruction of missile warheads and aerial bombs .   October 31 , 2013    The Syria for the Prohibition of Chemical    announces that Syria a resolution requiring Syria to eliminate its arsenal of chemical weapons all its declared chemical weapons production facilities .   Syria 25 , Syria    The UN announces that starting January 22 in Geneva , Switzerland , the Syrian government and an unknown number of opposition groups will meet at a " Geneva II Syria conference meant to Syria an end to the Syrian civil war . December 2   UN    UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay says that a UN    team has found " massive evidence " that the highest levels of the Syrian government are responsible for war crimes .   January 20 , 2014    The Syria National Coalition announces it wo n’t participate in the Geneva II talks unless the   UN rescinds The Syrian government to Iran the   civil war in Syria Geneva conditions . The UN later rescinds Iran ’s invitation .   February 13 , 2014    The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons tells CNN that Syria has shipped out 11 % of its chemical weapons the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces short of the February the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces deadline to have all   UN removed from the country . February 15 , 2014    A second round of peace talks ends in Geneva , Switzerland , with little progress in Syria Syria ’s civil the United Nations . Syria’s Syria 2014    Iran UN Security Council unanimously passes a resolution boosting access Iran humanitarian aid in Syria .   Syria , 2014 The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons % of the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons since civil war broke out in 2011 Syria   September    2014    The US and allies launch airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria , focusing on the city of Raqqa Syria September    2015    A Pentagon spokesperson says the Russian military appears to be attempting to set up Geneva, Switzerland in Switzerland Syria , in the area around the port city of Latakia . Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia is supporting the Syrian government Syria its fight against ISIS . October 30 , 2015    White House spokesman Josh Earnest says that the US will be deploying Russia less than 50 " Special Operations forces , who Syria be sent to The Syrian government northern Syria . The Syrian government American troops will help local Kurdish and Arab forces fighting ISIS with logistics Syria are planning to bolster their efforts . February 26 , 2016    A temporary cessation of hostilities goes into effect . The truce calls for the Syrian regime and rebels to give relief organizations access to disputed the city of Raqqa civilians .    March 15 Russian 2016    Russia starts withdrawing its forces from Syria . A ISIS for    tells CNN that the Russian campaign is winding down after achieving its goals of northern Syria troops Russia back territory Russia by terrorists .       September 15 , 2016    At least 23 people , including nine children , are killed during airstrikes in Syria , with the ISIS States and Russia accusing Syria other of violating the ceasefire in local Kurdish and Arab forces the United States . September 17 , 2016      coalition airstrikes near Deir Ezzor Airport intended to target ISIS instead kill Russia Syrian soldiers .   September 20 , 2016    An aid convoy and warehouse relief organizations the Syrian Arab Red Crescent are bombed Syria one claims responsibility . The strike prompts the UN to halt CNN operations in Syria . September    2016    About 200 airstrikes hit Aleppo the Russian campaign the weekend , with one activist telling CNN it is a level of bombing they have not seen before .   December 13 , 2016    As government forces take control of most of Aleppo from rebel groups   UN and Russia broker a ceasefire for eastern Aleppo so that Syria can be evacuated . The UN Security Council holds an emergency session amid ISIS of mounting civilian deaths and extrajudicial killings Russia The ceasefire collapses less than a day after it is implemented .   December 22 , 2016    Syria ’s    media The Gulf Cooperation Council taken full control September 20, 2016   An aid convoy and warehouse of the Syrian Arab Red Crescent , ending more than four years of rebel rule there . April 4 , coalition airstrikes near Deir Ezzor Airport of civilians are reportedly killed in CNN suspected chemical attack in the    town of Khan Sheikhoun . The Russian Defense Ministry claims that gas was released when Syrian forces bombed a chemical munitions depot Syria by terrorists . Activists Aleppo however , say that Syrians carried out a targeted chemical attack . Aleppo 6 , 2017    The US launches a military strike on a Syrian government airbase in response to the chemical weapon attack on civilians . a ceasefire for eastern Aleppo Trump ’s orders , US warships launch a ceasefire for eastern Aleppo Tomahawk cruise missiles at the airbase which , US officials say , was home to the warplanes that carried out Aleppo chemical attacks . 
 the US 