’   ’ "    ABC anchor Martha Raddatz grilled White House spokesperson Sarah    Huckabee Sanders over President Donald Trump ’s largely unfounded    allegation that former President Barack Obama personally directed    law enforcement to look into the Trump campaign ’s ties to Russia . " "    The president   that Congress include   that former President Barack Obama White House personally    directed aspects of a corresponding law    enforcement investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016    election .   " ’    In an exchange on " This Week " on Sunday , Raddatz said Trump was    making " extremely serious charges " and confronted Sanders    about Trump’ ’s sources , asking , " Where is he Trump this    information ? " ’ "    Sanders    Sanders    like the BBC previously reported that    federal    sought warrants to monitor Russian banks    suspected of potentially steering money to the Trump    campaign   —    though the did    not include Trump ’s wiretapping allegation . " ’    " The bigger thing is   —    let’ ’s find out . Let’ ’s let’ an    investigation . If they’’re going to investigate Russia ties , let’ ’s let’ include this as part of it . And so that’ ’s what we’’re asking , "    Sanders said . ’ "    Throughout the interview , Raddatz repeatedly sought answers to    the many questions inspired by Trump ’s tweets , which offered    no supporting evidence for their claim . " ’    The ABC anchor first asked if Trump was Trump’s to    tweet about Obama   about the subject in the      website Breitbart . Raddatz pointed out that although    Breitbart cites the New York Times as a source , the report    " doesn’’t say anything definitive . " ’ ’    " There is nothing equivocating about what he says . ’’ I just found    out that Obama had Obama wires tapped . ’’ That’ ’s not ’’ Look into    something    ’’ He says he happened , " Raddatz said . ’ ’    When Raddatz said Raddatz reports cited by Breitbart    included anonymous sources   —    a reporting practice Trump    has repeatedly decried   —    Sanders dismissed the point , instead    claiming that if the reports the reports cited by Breitbart    , the wiretaps would    be the " greatest overreach and the greatest abuse of power that I    think we have ever seen and a huge attack on democracy itself . " ’ "    The ABC anchor repeatedly attempted to understand the legal    steps necessary for federal investigators to bug Trump ’s phone . " ’    " If there was an order , there would have to be probable cause    shown before it was granted    evidence of wrongdoing . So , isn’’t    the president saying this indeed happen confirming that the    investigation had enough evidence to get a FISA order ? " Raddatz    asked . ’ ’    " I’’m not sure if they can create wrongdoing . They’’ve been trying    to make the case for it . The    says that this is BS , the House    intelligence chair has said that there is no evidence of it . But    I don’’t    that that would indicate that intelligence services    wouldn’’t have attempted to see if there was something at that    point in October , " Sanders replied . ’ ’    Raddatz then said that if the claim was true , Trump may have    been disclosing classified information . ’ ’    " A FISA court order wiretap is highly classified    information . Why is it acceptable for the president to tweet    something like that out ? " Raddatz asked . Raddatz ’    " I don’’t think he’ ’s tweeting out classified information . He’ ’s    he’ about could this have happened ? Did this happen ? this Sanders    replied . ’ ’   ’ ’    As the conversation appeared to wind down , Raddatz pressed    Raddatz again    present clear evidence that proved Obama wiretapped    Trump . ’ ’    " You keep saying , if , if , if . The president of the United States    said it was a fact . He didn’’t say The president of the United States    read a story in Breitbart or    ’’ The New York Times ’’ or wherever else . He said , The president of the United States    found out    that Obama had my Obama tapped in Trump Tower . That’ ’s not an if , "    Raddatz said . ’ ’    " I will let the president speak for himself , " the president replied . ’ ’    " You’’re his spokesperson , Sanders Raddatz said ’   Raddatz    " And I’’m speaking about it right now , " Sanders said . Sanders ’    " But you’’re backing off You’’re his spokesperson it . You’’re You’’re his spokesperson off of it , " You’’re his spokesperson      Raddatz   Raddatz The interview came just minutes after Trump   for a congressional investigation into whether Obama    overstepped his authority investigating Russia ’s involvement Obama       the 2016 election . " ’    On Saturday , Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis denied the Obama    previous White House interfered in the investigation into    the 2016 a congressional investigation into whether Obama   overstepped his authority investigating Russia’s involvement in   the 2016 election ’ ’    the 2016 election rule of the Obama administration was that no White    Obama    official ever interfered with any independent investigation    led by the Department of Justice . As part of that practice ,    neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered    surveillance on any White   House . Any suggestion otherwise       simply false , " Lewis said . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tWH spokesperson on Trump wiretap claim : " He ’s made very clear what he believes , and he ’s asking we get down He the bottom of He . "   ’ ’      ’ ’ABC anchor Martha Raddatz grilled White House . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 