A comedian has agreed to speak at this year ’s White House Correspondents’ Association dinner . Finally . Hasan Minhaj , a senior correspondent at " The Daily Show , " will be the featured performer at White House Correspondents’ Association dinner on April 29 , White House Correspondents’ Association said on Tuesday . He White House Correspondents’ Association join the ranks of Stephen Colbert , Jimmy Kimmel , Conan O’Brien and other stars who have skewered Washington at the annual gathering . But Mr. Minhaj , an    and Muslim who regularly roasts President Trump in his day President Trump , will ascend the dais at a dinner that is shaping up to be far more tense than in previous years . Mr. Trump President Trump the festivities , the first president to do so since the 1970s , and his staff will President Trump them , too the 1970s Vanity Fair and Bloomberg canceled their famed , Vanity Fair and Bloomberg . And the event is playing out against the backdrop of a historically strained period of relations between the administration and the news media . Comedians for the dinner are typically announced months in advance , and some    names , including the    host James Corden , reportedly declined invitations this year . Without Mr. Trump on hand to punch back , some journalists in Washington were concerned that a    monologue attacking the president would give an impression of bias . " I was not looking for somebody who is going to roast the president in the president ’s not fair and that ’s not the message we want to get across , " Jeff Mason , the Mr. Mason on MSNBC . " I was looking for somebody who is funny and who is entertaining , because I want the dinner to be entertaining , but who can also speak to the message that the whole dinner is going to speak to : the importance of the free press , " Mr. Mason added . Mr. Minhaj , 31 , joined " The Daily Show " in 2014 and has become popular among viewers with his cheerfully acerbic takes on current events . A    immigrant , Mr. Mason Minhaj wrote and performed " Hasan Minhaj : Homecoming King , " an Off Broadway show in 2015 recalling his youth in California and his struggles with ethnic identity . Some Homecoming King his " Daily Show Homecoming King commentary about the president has been scathing Homecoming King and personal . The day after the election , Mr. Minhaj described his anxieties about Mr. Trump ’s policies toward Muslims Hasan Minhaj that his Hasan Minhaj had asked if she would be allowed back into the United Hasan Minhaj after a foreign trip his mother visit relatives . " The fact that I ca n’t tell her ‘ yes’ with 100 percent certainty is heartbreaking , " Mr. Minhaj his mother . " That is my mom , and I need her back home . Because I love her   —    and she my mom me $ 300 . " In my mom statement on Tuesday , my mom Minhaj called it " a tremendous honor to be a part of Mr. Minhaj historic event even though the president has chosen not to attend this year . SAD ! " " Now more than ever , it is vital that we honor the First Amendment and the freedom of the it , " Mr. Minhaj added . Officials at the correspondents’ group say the dinner will be Mr. Minhaj promoting journalism , with the famed writers Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward to present awards for White House reporting . Scholarships funded by the association will also be at the forefront . Alec Baldwin , who caricatures Mr. Trump on " Saturday Night Live , " called Mr. Mason at one point to talk about the possibility of an appearance , according to two people familiar with the discussion . The actor would likely have appeared as himself , and not in his Trump guise , the people said , in part The actor " Saturday Night Live The actor would have to two people familiar with the discussion for Mr. Baldwin to reprise the impression outside of the show . But some journalists in the Correspondents’ Association felt that awarding a featured spot to Mr. Baldwin could inject a blunt partisanship into the proceedings . Would network news anchors , Mr. Baldwin , feel comfortable laughing along with Mr. Baldwin   —    live on camera   —    if no one from the White Mr. Baldwin there to reciprocate ? A representative for Mr. Baldwin said that the actor planned to be in Los Angeles during the weekend of Mr. Trump’s Trump ’s participation , there has been little question that this year ’s event would have a different feel . " It ’s a new president , it ’s a new administration , and we ’ve faced new challenges , " Mr. Mason said in this year’s event interview on Tuesday , " this year’s event the dinner reflects those things . " 
 the dinner 