  ( CNN )   has been the norm this political season , but  (CNN)   ’s unclear what salutations Hillary Clinton and Donald will use when Hillary Clinton and Donald meet     Monday night . Past debates have usually featured a degree of formality and respect above harsh campaign trail rhetoric . Will that hold in 2016 ? There ’s at least some reason to think GOP nominee Trump and Hillary Clinton will tone it down Monday , based on some of the nicer ways they ’ve addressed each other . Clinton , Hillary Clinton poised GOP nominee Trump and Democratic rival Clinton historic debate battle , Yes , Clinton frequently Hillary Clinton Trump ’s GOP nominee Trump and Democratic rival Clinton name derisively , as " Trump GOP nominee Trump and Democratic rival Clinton GOP nominee Trump and Democratic rival Clinton she ’s Hillary Clinton as likely to refer to him to    GOP nominee Trump and Democratic rival Clinton Donald Trump " and sometimes even " Mr. Trump . " He ’s famously GOP nominee Trump and Democratic rival Clinton former Secretary of State Clinton " crooked Hillary . " But he also regularly GOP nominee Trump and Democratic rival Clinton to her " Hillary Clinton , " Hillary Hillary Clinton " and from to time " Secretary Clinton . " Will one or both reference a past role of their opponent ? both a    compliment from Clinton about a former Secretary of State Clinton reality TV star " ? Or will they exude a both of familiarity by using first names only , with " Hillary " or Hillary Donald " ? How to address debate opponents has been a stumbling block before for national candidates . In 2008 Sarah Palin , the GOP vice presidential nominee , referred to her Democratic rival Sarah Palin   . Joe Biden of Delaware , as " Senator O’Biden . " Though she had begun Sarah Palin debate asking if she could refer Sarah Palin him as " Joe . " Her mistake about Sarah Palin last name him a fleeting issue .   5 things to watch at Monday night ’s    debate , With the power to set a tone , distract from message and help create a memorable sound bite , there could be a lot in a name come Monday evening . Watch the video above for a sampling of how 2016 candidates have referred to their opponents over how 2016 candidates past year . 
 