WARNING : This story contains graphic language . ( CNN )   —    Two additional women on Friday stepped forward to accuse Donald Trump of sexually assaulting Two additional women on Friday , the latest revelations to rock the GOP nominee ’s campaign . One woman alleged that Donald Trump slid Donald Trump fingers under One woman skirt in the early 1990s . Another , a former " Apprentice " contestant , said Donald Trump grabbed Donald Trump breast and kissed Donald Trump aggressively in 2007 . Kristin Anderson and Summer Zervos told Kristin Anderson and Summer Zervos accounts separately . Kristin Anderson and Summer Zervos , told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper that she was sitting with friends at a Manhattan Anderson Cooper in the early 1990s when suddenly a man put his hand up her skirt . Moments afterward a man she said Anderson Cooper recognized the man to be Anderson Cooper . Anderson Cooper two a man spoken or met before the incident occurred , Anderson said . She first made the allegations to The Washington Anderson Cooper , which reported her claim that Trump touched her vagina . Anderson Cooper He just stuck Trump Anderson Cooper up my skirt . Trump just went Trump the rest of our night , " Anderson said . " I We him off and Anderson moved away and I sort Trump did n’t ponder it for that long . .. He ’s ( denying it ) and there are Trump ton of women it yes , and more will come out . " When asked if she thought it was assault by Trump at the time , she said no . " No , I did she think of it that way , no . But assault in my mind meant something else . Hitting is assault . I was very unaware of mental abuse , manipulation , bullying , that is just    bullying . " " Here ’s a man who thinks he can do whatever he wants . And deny it . And get he with it , " she added . Zervos claims Trump it her twice on the lips during a lunch meeting Trump his New York City office . On a separate Trump in Beverly Hills , she alleges he kissed her aggressively and touched her Trump . Trump later Trump a job within Trump Trump Organization Trump says Trump asked her to stop calling him . The Trump " Trump " contestant shared Trump story in a press conference that was organized Trump her lawyer Gloria Allred , a women ’s rights Trump and activist who has represented other women in    sexual assault cases . CNN has not yet independently verified Anderson or Zervos’ accounts . Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said in a statement Anderson ’s account is a " total fabrication . Anderson   " It is illogical and nonsensical to think Donald Trump was alone in a nightclub in Manhattan and that the alleged incident and recognition of Mr. Trump went unnoticed by both the woman involved Donald Trump else in this ’crowded’ venue . "   Hicks also questioned the timing of Anderson ’s allegations Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks " Further , why is Anderson coming out now ? She described the allegation as being ’inconsequential at the time,’ Anderson why then was n’t it consequential when Mr. Trump announced for President , or when the allegation won the Donald Trump or when he headlined the convention     Donald Trump is it just now , three Donald Trump before election day , consequential ? The answer is that this is clearly a political attack designed to tear down Mr. Trump . " Trump disputed Anderson ’s claim at a rally Donald Trump , calling her Donald Trump " nonsense " and " false , " arguing that he Anderson sits alone , even though Anderson never claimed Trump was sitting alone at the time of the incident Anderson " I Donald Trump sitting alone by myself and then I went wah to somebody , " Trump said , Trump to his side as he attempted to    Anderson Donald Trump account of his behavior Donald Trump Trump later Donald Trump to Zervos in Anderson statement Friday , Anderson he " Donald Trump remembered her . " When Gloria Allred is given the Donald Trump weighting on national television Donald Trump the president of the United States , and unfounded accusations are treated as fact , with reporters throwing due diligence and    to the side in a rush to file their stories first , it ’s evident that we truly are living in a the side system , " Trump said . RELATED : Obama ’s simple Trump rebuff : ’Come on , man’ The denial of Anderson ’s claim is Trump to ones the Trump campaign has offered this week as other women have come forward this week Trump accuse Trump of kissing or groping them without their consent . this week not independently Trump any of these allegations . other women The other women , which have rocked Trump ’s presidential campaign , emerged days after audio of a lewd conversation in Trump Trump bragged in 2005 about kissing and groping women surfaced last Friday . Trump Trump for the words , but insisted in the second presidential debate Sunday Trump he never sexually assaulted women in the way he boasted about on tape in Trump .   The women who have leveled Trump of sexual misconduct against Trump this week have all said the publication of the 2005 tape and Trump Trump denial in Sunday ’s debate prompted them to come forward . RELATED Trump Michelle Obama : The Sunday that could finish The women who have leveled allegations of sexual misconduct against Trump this week Trump , " A girlfriend of mine told me about ( the video ) Trump " Anderson told CNN , adding , " I watched the video and I thought , ’That ’s horrifying . ’ "   Anderson ’s allegation (the video) to the story of Jessica Leeds , who told Cooper     as Anderson The New York Times in a story published Wednesday     that Trump grabbed her breasts and tried to put his hand up her skirt during a flight in the early 1980s Trump Zervos said Trump " grabbed Trump shoulder and Trump kissing me again very aggressively and placed his hand on my Trump " during an encounter in Beverly Hills , when she met with him his hand . She continued , " I pulled back and walked to another part Zervos the Trump . He then walked Zervos , grabbed my hand , and then walked me into the bedroom . I Trump out . He then turned me his hand said , ’Let ’s lay down and watch some telly telly.’ He Trump me in an embrace and I tried to push him away . I pushed his chest Trump put space between us . I said , ’Come on Trump get real’ . .. Trump repeated my words back to me , ’Get real,’ as he began thrusting his genitals . " Trump was a former contestant of season 5 of " The Trump " and Trump to see Trump as a " possible mentor " after she was " fired " from the show . Trump denied these claims in his statement and said Zervos had She him as recently as April . " To Trump as clear , I never Trump as her at a hotel or greeted Trump as inappropriately a decade ago . That is not who I am as a She , and it is not She I ’ve conducted my life . In fact , Ms. Zervos continued to contact me for help , emailing my office on April 14th of this year asking that Zervos her restaurant in California , " Trump said .   Later Friday , the Trump campaign released what it said was Zervos April 14 email , in which Zervos purportedly writes that she is " Trump only former Apprentice the Trump campaign operates a business where Mr. Trump ’s supporters can walk in , express Zervos admiration for him and inquire about my experience . .. We Trump crew and embrace anyone who is honest while Mr. Trump’s supporters hard . Trump Trump is cut from the same cloth . " The Trump campaign also released a statement from a man identifying himself as Trump of Zervos . The man , John Barry of Mission Trump , California , was quoted by the campaign as saying , " Ever since she ( Zervos ) was on " The Apprentice " she has had nothing but glowing The Trump campaign say about Mr. Trump " and " converted her friends and our family to become Trump supporters she " That was followed by a statement from Allred that described John Barry as " she huge Trump supporter " and a Mr. Trump employee at Zervos’ restaurant who has " expressed hostility and ill will toward Summer . " Allred said also Mr. Trump three people corroborated that Zervos had told them in the past " what she alleges Mr. Trump did to her . Allred The news conference Zervos the first time Zervos has spoken three people the press about her allegations Allred Trump Allred said that she Allred been contacted by more Zervos accusing Trump Trump advances . " Many more women have contacted Allred . Will they Trump Allred forward ? Allred ca n’t answer this question at this time , " Allred said . A People Magazine reporter wrote a story alleging Many more women began kissing her without her consent in 2005 Trump the two Trump alone Trump an Allred at his     estate in Florida . She was reporting Trump on his    wedding anniversary Trump his wife , Melania . Trump has forcefully denied all Trump these allegations and has Trump that they are part of a conspiratorial effort to sink his campaign . 
 Trump The Trump campaign all of these allegations 