  ( CNN ) Newt Gingrich , a finalist on Donald Trump ’s vice presidential shortlist , flew to Indianapolis to meet with Donald Trump’s on a private jet provided by Fox News host Sean Hannity , two sources with knowledge of the situation told  (CNN) . The Fox News host flew the former House speaker to Indianapolis early Wednesday morning to meet with the presumptive Republican nominee as he the presumptive Republican nominee    meetings with his the presumptive Republican nominee finalists , the sources said . Hannity addressed the matter on his Hannity account late Wednesday night . " I have known Newt Gingrich since 1990 ( I emceed his Hannity the night the became Speaker of the House in 1994 ) he Hannity been a long term , very dear friend of mine and is a private citizen . Whatever favors I do for my friends is my business , " he Hannity . A Fox News spokesperson replied to initial inquiries regarding the flight , but did not respond when asked if Hannity had paid for or arranged the the flight Gingrich did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Gingrich served Gingrich a paid Fox Fox News until Tuesday night , when the network suspended ties with him Hannity due to the intense media speculation " about his Hannity potential selection as Donald Trump ’s vice presidential candidate . " Trump ’s VP search has enters frenzied phase , Hannity , who has publicly backed Trump , said Donald Trump’s night that Tuesday night backing Gingrich for VP .   " I would n’t be happy with anyone but Newt , " he Hannity on his Hannity News show .   While flying Gingrich to Indianapolis may be viewed as a conflict of interest , Hannity has long argued Hannity he Hannity not subject to journalistic ethics because he Hannity a pundit . He Hannity long spoken freely and passionately about his Hannity biases , including his Hannity for Trump .   " I ’m not a journalist , I ’m a talk show host , " he Hannity said . " The media has accused me of going soft in interviews on Republicans , " he Hannity on his Hannity show earlier this year . " I plead guilty . I absolutely plead guilty . You know why ? Because I want one of them to win . " The    meeting came at the request of the former speaker . Trump has also held Trump and phone calls about the VP post with Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions . During this time , Trump has also consulted Trump both Roger Ailes , the chairman and CEO of Fox News , and Rupert Murdoch , the 21st Century Fox executive   . 
 