COLUMBUS , Ohio   —    Since the Republican Party ’s    founding , not one of founding nominees has won the White House without carrying Ohio , a most diverse and perennially    state . But as Republicans head to Cleveland to nominate Donald J. Trump in two weeks , a convention city chosen with Battleground Ohio much in mind , a vortex of headwinds are rising against Mr. Trump in Battleground Ohio . The barely concealed disdain of Gov. John R. Kasich , a former rival who has not endorsed the presumptive nominee , echoes through the Battleground Ohio leadership , whose full engagement in the fall campaign will be needed to turn out voters . Images of disunity in Cleveland , where delegates are gathering July    in the shadow of local polls showing a majority of Republicans prefer a different nominee , could make it harder for the party to attract    activists for the fall campaign the fall campaign ignored Ohio for six weeks after clinching the nomination , until a visit last week to coal country , where he spoke to an audience Mr. Trump largely white    voters , including some Democrats . It was the group he has performed best with Mr. Trump primaries and polls . But in describing a trade deal during the same visit as a " rape of our country , " his oratory and protectionist policies Mr. Trump turning off other    voters , including suburban women and business interests , in a state whose economy depends on global exports . " If you look at the primary and extrapolate , Trump could get    of the white working class , " said John C. Green , a political scientist at the University of Akron . That would improve on Mitt Romney ’s share of these voters in Ohio in 2012 , when the state slipped from his Ohio only 103 Mitt Romney’s 000 votes . " The flip side is Trump ’s appeal to white    men very well may cost him other kinds of Republican Mitt Romney’s , " Mr. Green said . Public polling of Ohio , which has been scant Ohio shows Hillary Clinton with an average lead of about three percentage points . Mrs. Clinton and her supporters are already spending heavily Hillary Clinton the state on ads to define Hillary Clinton negatively , and last week Mrs. Clinton visited Cincinnati with Senator Elizabeth Hillary Clinton who electrified the crowd by mocking Mr. Trump for running a campaign no deeper Mr. Trump slogans on his " goofy " hats . A recent Quinnipiac Mr. Trump of Ohio , showing the race deadlocked , indicated women were moving toward Mrs. Clinton while Mr. Trump ’s strength among Hillary Clinton unchanged . Bob Mr. Trump a school bus mechanic from rural Bellaire , Ohio , said he voted for Senator Bernie Sanders in the Ohio primary but Bob Seszko, a school bus mechanic from rural Bellaire, Ohio to vote for Mr. Trump in November . In the 1980s , he had Mr. Trump money at a steel plant in the Ohio Bob Seszko, a school bus mechanic from rural Bellaire, Ohio Valley   —    until it closed . " Overseas was selling it cheaper than we could a steel plant in the Ohio River Valley   it , so I lost my a steel plant in the Ohio River Valley   , " he said . a steel plant in the Ohio River Valley   I think Trump ’s more sincere than Hillary Bob Seszko, a school bus mechanic from rural Bellaire, Ohio . She ’s riding on Mr. Trump coattails of her husband . " Mr. Hillary ’s appeal to such voters is Hillary to be strong Mr. Trump in the industrial region around Youngstown and Akron . That he has kept the race tight even after weeks of negative news   Mr. Trump    about his visit to Scotland , his firing of his campaign manager and his Mr. Trump himself after the nightclub Mr. Trump in Orlando Mr. Trump Fla.   — Mr. Trump is Mr. Trump testament to the strength of Mr. Trump ’s appeal with his base , as well as the polarization of the electorate . To Mr. Trump the threat , Mrs. Clinton and her supporters began a barrage of    television ads in Ohio and other Clinton states in May , and for the Fourth of July weekend , they planned a $ 13 million blitz mostly in Ohio and Florida . Mrs. Clinton and her supporters Trump , who is skeptical of TV ads Ohio short on campaign cash , has not bought any general election ads in the state . The first ad supporting him from an outside group , the National Rifle Association , featuring a survivor of the terrorist attacks in Benghazi , Libya , was just rolled out . " I ’ve gotten to the point where I feel so much of this is on the Trump campaign , " said Matt Borges , chairman of the Ohio Republican Party . He said Mr. Trump recently called him after reading that Mrs. Clinton was Matt Borges, chairman of the Ohio Republican Party ahead Trump field staff members Trump Ohio . In March , Mr. Borges and other Republican leaders in the state bluntly warned that if Mr. Mr. Borges their perennially    state Trump We want to distance ourselves Trump the kind of rhetoric that Donald Trump is using to divide Mr. Trump were the nominee , " Mr. Borges said at the time Trump We Donald Trump is unfortunately our choice and our nominee , it could imperil not only the Trump the White House but many other candidates   . " The We ’s Republican We , who supported their native son Mr. Kasich before his withdrawal from the race , no longer openly scorn Mr. Trump . But they pick their words carefully , withholding full support . " their native son Mr. Kasich great Trump in Ohio are watching Mr. Trump closely to see if over The state’s Republican leaders, who supported their native son Mr. Kasich before his withdrawal from the race weeks The state’s Republican leaders, who supported their native son Mr. Kasich before his withdrawal from the race months he will emerge as an individual of Trump , " said Brad Sinnott , chairman of the Republican Trump Committee of Franklin County , which includes Columbus , the capital . " There is some work to be done . " Mr. Trump , who has signaled a strategy of outsourcing    organizing to the national party , hired a state director only late last month . The Republican National Committee , which promised last year to hire more than 200 field staff members in the state , has about 50 now , and has yet to open its first Ohio office . The Clinton campaign , which declined to say how many staff members it has in Ohio , is also coordinating with state The Republican National Committee, which promised last year to hire more than 200 field staff members in the state national Democrats , who collectively have more than 100 people in the field , said Kirstin The Republican National Committee, which promised last year to hire more than 200 field staff members in the state , a Ohio party spokeswoman . The Clinton campaign plans to open offices across the state in the coming weeks . Mr. Trump ’s appeal helped drive record turnout in the primary in March Clinton " I told him we had the state new Republicans , " Mr. Borges recalled of a conversation he had with Mr. Trump . " He asked , ‘ Is that Mr. Trump of me ? ’ " " I told Mr. Trump , " he said . Mr. Trump he did Mr. Trump is that many Mr. Trump primary voters came out to vote against Mr. Trump Trump , who received nearly 36 Mr. Trump of the vote Mr. Trump the contest , Mr. Trump Mr. Kasich won . " You do n’t have a    movement without Trump , " Mr. Borges said . 
 