’   ’ ’    House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes is walking back    House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes statement that law enforcement officials may have    " incidentally collected " communications involving President    Donald Trump’ ’s transition team . ’ ’    According to a spokesperson cited by   on Thursday , House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes did not know " for    sure " whether Trump or Trump staff were even on the phone calls or    other means of communication Trump cited   —    the crux of Trump’ ’s    debunked claims that Trump communications were wiretapped by the    Obama administration . Trump was a member of the    transition team’ ’s executive committee . ’ ’    " He Trump he’’ll have to get all the documents he Trump from    the [ intelligence community ] about this before he Trump for    sure , " Nunes Trump spokesperson said , according to ABC News . ’ ’    During a press conference on Wednesday ,   that he had received " dozens of reports " of US    intelligence officials " incidentally " collecting information on    members involved in the Trump transition , while conducting    " normal foreign surveillance . " ’ ’ ’    to Nunes , the information that was collected legally    under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act " clearly show "    that Trump and his team were Trump monitored . " ’ ’    " Details about US persons associated with the incoming    administration , details with little or no apparent foreign    intelligence value , were widely disseminated in intelligence    community reporting , " Nunes said . ’ ’    ’ ’    reports , Trump   that he " somewhat " felt Trump   on    his claims that he was Trump   wiretapped by Trump   predecessor . ’ ’ Trump   " I very much appreciated the fact that they found what they    found , " they    at the White Trump   on Wednesday . ’ ’   ’ "    However , after briefing Trump on his findings , Trump   did Trump   at a    press conference that he still had doubts on Trump   ’s    unsubstantiated claim Trump   " ’    " No , no , no , no , " said Nunes . " That did Nunes happen . I’’ve said    this for many , many weeks , including the day after , a couple days    after , in front    the press . That never happened . " ’ ’    " We won’’t know that until we get to the bottom We did people ask    for the unmasking of additional names in President Trump’ ’s    transition team . " ’ "    Meanwhile , Nunes ’s actions continue to draw the ire of lawmakers    from both parties . By bypassing his    Democratic    Rep. Adam Schiff of California , and going straight to the Oval    Office to report his initial findings to Trump his   Democratic   Rep. Adam Schiff of California he had lawmakers    on his   Democratic   Rep. Adam Schiff of California Hill questioning his capability as the chairman his   Democratic   Rep. Adam Schiff of California the    Intelligence Committee . " ’    " This is a bizarre situation , " Sen. John McCain of Arizona told    Greta Van Susteren in an . " I’’m calling for a select    committee because I think this     shows that Congress    no longer has the credibility to handle this alone . And I don’’t    say that lightly . " ’ ’House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 