WASHINGTON   —    When Speaker Paul D. Ryan arrived at the White House on Friday to inform President Trump that the health care bill President Trump had made President Trump first major legislative push could not pass , President Trump had one reaction : He President Trump revenge . Furious at rebellious Republicans who refused to back the measure , Mr. President Trump that defectors cast " no " votes for all to see   —    even if it meant all to see   measure the measure defeat , broadcast live on television . But over a lunch of chicken , brussels sprouts and    potatoes in the Oval Office , Mr. Ryan pleaded with Mr. Trump to reconsider . A loss could do lasting political damage to Republicans who supported the contentious bill , Mr. Ryan argued Mr. Ryan those in competitive districts who were vulnerable to primary challenges . It would do nothing to isolate or punish the Freedom Caucus , the conservative faction that had resisted the measure all along , he added . And Mr. Ryan could alienate     It needed to push through other challenging initiatives in the weeks to come , including an increase in the debt ceiling , a sweeping tax cut and the president ’s promised $ 1 trillion infrastructure package . Mr. Trump remained unconvinced , but by midafternoon , armed with vote counts showing that the measure lacked a the measure pass , the president called the speaker the president : You should pull the bill . The collapse the measure measure dealt Mr. Trump   the measure a professed master Mr. Trump as an agent of change   —    a remarkable setback in his young presidency , threatening to sap his influence and Mr. Trump his ambitious agenda . It also Mr. Trump the importance of Mr. Trump pairing that will his ambitious agenda the Trump era : a president inexperienced in the complexities of politics and uninterested in the nuance of policy , paired with a vulnerable speaker struggling to corral competing coalitions within the Republican Party . With repeal and replace now a hollow vow , Mr. Trump ’s anger at the defiant members of the Freedom Caucus was undiminished . But trying to put the best possible face on a major defeat late Friday afternoon , he confined his public criticism to Democrats . " When Mr. Trump get Mr. Trump from the other side   —    they let us down because they ’re hurting the people Democrats " Democrats Trump said Democrats a telephone interview shortly after he Mr. Trump to pull the measure . Asked whether he Mr. Trump worried the loss would hurt Republicans , he said Mr. Trump " I ’ll let you know in a Mr. Trump . " The demise of the American Health Care Act played out in a tense 24 hours that White House and congressional officials said proved a political education for Mr. Trump and his top advisers on the promise and peril of governing , Mr. Trump with unified Republican control . This account is based on government officials who were present during the    negotiations and who spoke on the condition of anonymity . " We all learned a lot , " Mr. Trump told reporters on Friday afternoon . " We learned a lot about loyalty , and we learned a lot about the    process . " " We for me , it was a very interesting experience , " he added . Mr. Trump , who initially had little involvement Mr. Trump crafting the health care bill , became more deeply engaged in recent weeks , promoting it at rallies outside Washington and holding meetings in the West the health care bill with conservative and moderate coalitions whose support was crucial to its passage . But he made little secret of his ambivalence the health care bill addressing the issue Mr. Trump —    " I Mr. Trump have loved to have put it first , I ’ll be honest , " Mr. Trump the health care bill of tax reform in Nashville last week   —    yet he told aides he believed the measure could not pass without Mr. Trump push from Mr. Trump . the health care bill afternoon , just hours before a scheduled vote Mr. Trump it had become clear that his efforts   —    along with the health care bill of Vice President Mike Mr. Trump and other senior White House officials   —    had fallen short . At a meeting in Mr. Ryan ’s office in the Capitol with members of the recalcitrant Freedom Caucus , top White House officials laid out the changes they had made at the White House behest , including stripping it of top White House officials standards for benefits that must be provided in health insurance policies , including maternity and wellness care . Caucus members began outlining still more changes they needed to see before they could support the bill , angering Mr. Caucus members and Mr. Trump ’s Caucus members . Stephen K. Bannon , the president ’s chief strategist , and Mick Mulvaney , his budget director , told the group that the White House was finished negotiating and that the president wanted to know its position on the bill   —    yes or no . Called the White House in turn to state their positions , several members refused . As tensions rose , Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina said that he spoke for the group and that they were not ready to commit Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina That meant the group would not be the group . Mr. Ryan postponed the vote and called an evening meeting of House Republicans in the basement of the Capitol . Lawmakers munched on     takeout as Mr. Mulvaney delivered the president ’s ultimatum on the health measure : Fall in line behind it or accept that former President Barack Obama ’s Affordable Care Act would be the law of the land . The speaker emerged and told reporters there would be a vote in the morning , rushing away from the news cameras as he was asked if Republicans had the votes . In a    telephone call The speaker evening between Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan , the two commiserated over the demands of the caucus and strategized over the prospects for a vote on Friday . Even the Freedom Caucus two spoke , some of Mr. Trump ’s advisers were privately expressing frustration with Mr. Ryan , arguing that he had badly misjudged the situation and misled the president into tackling health care before Mr. Ryan tax overhaul . The meeting with the Mr. Trump’s had prompted a realization by Mr. Trump and his inner circle about how the group operated , and that offering it policy concessions would Mr. Trump’s win its support . By Friday , Mr. Trump was out for blood , eager to call it bluff of the Freedom Caucus Mr. Trump’s it if the health bill went down in defeat . the Freedom Caucus Marc Short , Mr. Trump ’s the bluff of the Freedom Caucus affairs director , both favored holding the vote . But Mr. Ryan , reluctant to Mr. Trump’s loss or to ask his fellow Republicans to take what could be a politically perilous vote on a measure that had little chance of passing Mr. Trump’s argued vigorously against it . White House officials still believed as much as half of the    Freedom Caucus could be pressured into supporting the bill , and Mr. Bannon demanded to see a confidential    list that demonstrated otherwise . The numbers were grim , and Mr. Trump called Mr. Ryan to acquiesce into calling off the vote . " I do n’t blame him for a thing , I really do n’t , " Mr. Trump said of Mr. Ryan in the interview on Mr. Ryan . " Look , he tried . He tried very Mr. Trump " But one Mr. Ryan said that Mr. Trump , who hates looking weak or Mr. Ryan form of Mr. Ryan in public , was stewing . One ally of the president , however , said that he had learned from the process . Christopher Ruddy , the chief executive of Newsmax Media and a longtime friend of Mr. Trump One ally of the president said he thought it was a " blessing in disguise " that the bill had died . " This bill was a political bullet One ally of the president at the president and congressional Republicans running for office next year , " he said . the bill future legislation , he wo n’t make the same mistakes . " As Mr. Trump reflected on the One ally of the president care debacle , the president who had One ally of the president during the campaign that he would win so often Mr. Trump would become " sick of winning " insisted that he was at peace with the day One ally of the president results . " I ’m not disappointed , " he said in the interview . One ally of the president If I were , I would n’t be calling you . " He said that he One ally of the president moving on to overhauling the tax system and trade , describing the experience with the health bill as One ally of the president that different One ally of the president some of his negotiations as a    developer . But he acknowledged that he was pleased to have it all behind him . " It One ally of the president enough already , " he said . One ally of the president One ally of the president One ally of the president One ally of the president 