WASHINGTON   —    Ending weeks of reluctance to embrace his party ’s presumptive nominee , Speaker Paul D. Ryan endorsed Donald J. Trump for president on Thursday in a modest but unequivocal backing of a candidate whose views Speaker Paul D. Ryan has frequently condemned . In a column in his Speaker Paul D. Ryan newspaper in Janesville , Wis. Mr. Speaker Paul D. Ryan that recent conversations with Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump him that the Donald J. Trump developer will help advance the conservative agenda that the speaker is trying to introduce . " Through these conversations , I feel confident he would Speaker Paul D. Ryan us turn the ideas in this agenda into the conservative agenda that the speaker is trying to introduce help improve people ’s lives , " said Mr. Ryan , who Mr. Ryan why I ’ll be voting for him this Speaker Paul D. Ryan . " The endorsement is the latest and most consequential example of leading Republicans falling in line behind Mr. Trump . Mr. Ryan faced substantial pressure from fellow Republicans in Congress , many of whom share Mr. Ryan ’s misgivings about Mr. Trump , because they realize that    public divisiveness over his candidacy only weakens Mr. Ryan and increases the political Mr. Trump defending their majorities misgivings about Mr. Trump the House and Senate . " Mr. Trump think it was Mr. Trump to be this way , " Representative Tom Cole , Republican of Oklahoma , said . " It was never plausible that a speaker would preside over your Mr. Cole Cole said the decision to endorse Mr. Trump would bolster Mr. Ryan ’s main priority of protecting Republican seats in the House . " There is just no way that could have been helped by having that division , " he said . After a sometimes awkward courtship , Mr. Trump said he was happy that Mr. Ryan had finally backed him . " I ’m very pleased , " Mr. Cole Trump said in an interview . " I Mr. Trump good relationship Mr. Trump him , actually Mr. Ryan’s was taken a Mr. Trump bit by storm because my situation was supposed Mr. Trump to the convention . " In an announcement that came while lawmakers were Mr. Trump scattered across the Mr. Trump for their weeklong Memorial Day recess , Mr. Ryan explained Thursday that he had withheld his support until he could discuss his policy priorities with Mr. Trump . But the speaker , who repeatedly lawmakers rumors that he was considering his own presidential run this Mr. Ryan and is Mr. Ryan considered a Mr. Ryan in 2020 Mr. Ryan said he would not hesitate to disagree with Mr. Trump . " It ’s no Mr. Ryan that he Mr. Ryan I have our differences , " Mr. Ryan said in the column he submitted to Mr. Ryan Gazette in Janesville . " I Mr. Trump pretend otherwise . And when I feel Mr. Ryan need to , I he and I continue to speak my mind . But the reality Mr. Ryan , on the issues that make up our agenda , we have more common ground than disagreement . " Mr. Ryan ’s endorsement puts him at odds with Mitt Romney , who selected Mr. Ryan as his running mate in 2012 . Mr. Romney our a scathing condemnation of Mr. Trump several months Mr. Ryan encouraged a    challenger Mr. Ryan enter the race . The fact that Mr. Ryan saved his Mr. Ryan for a written column precluded , for the moment , a public show of the two men coming together , and there were no plans announced for any joint appearances . Mr. Ryan is expected Mr. Ryan focus mainly on campaigning for House candidates in the late summer and fall . An official with knowledge of the Ryan deliberations , who did not want to be identified discussing internal Mr. Ryan said the decision to proceed with the endorsement was made this week by Mr. Ryan personally . The    elected Republican , Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan up the presidential race in May when he said he was not ready to endorse Mr. Trump . Mr. Ryan had been highly critical of Mr. Mr. Ryan proposal to bar Muslims from entering the country Mr. Ryan the pledge was anathema to conservative principles and " Mr. Ryan what Mr. Ryan country stands for . " The two have Mr. Ryan times , Mr. Ryan wrote in Mr. Trump Last month they sat down for a    meeting in Washington , Mr. Trump’s proposal to bar Muslims from entering the country say they had laid the groundwork for reconciliation . The the country again by phone last week . But it Mr. Ryan that there was still some distance between them . With more Republican The men coming around to endorse Mr. Trump , Mr. Ryan had stayed silent The men when , or if , he would join them . Representative Chris Collins , the New York Republican who was the first member of Congress to endorse The men Trump , said Mr. Ryan ’s announcement signaled the party ’s growing unity . " Speaker Ryan ’s endorsement today reinforces the fact Mr. Ryan Republicans are more Republican lawmakers in our fight to defeat Hillary Clinton , " he said in a statement . Mr. Ryan ’s support will also make Mr. Ryan much smoother convention for both Mr. Trump and the speaker . Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump was also overshadowing the activities of House Republicans , with Mr. Ryan facing constant questions about his talks Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump . Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan to shift the focus to a rollout of a conservative policy agenda when the House returns next week . The decision by Mr. Ryan also closes a divide with his counterpart in the Mr. Ryan Mitch McConnell , the Kentucky Mr. Ryan and majority Mr. Trump who Mr. Ryan openly supporting Mr. Trump , citing the need to have a Republican president to fill Supreme Court vacancies . Some conservatives seemed sympathetic to Mr. Mr. Ryan position , if not convinced by Mr. Ryan arguments . Tim Miller , who served as communications director for Jeb Bush ’s presidential campaign , said Mr. Ryan had " handled a tough situation about as well as he could . " " But let ’s not try to sell this farce that Trump will support House agenda , " Mr. Ryan’s Miller posted on Twitter . " Absurd , " he wrote . Word of the endorsement came just Mr. Ryan’s Trump ’s likely rival in November , Hillary Clinton , was Mr. Ryan’s a blistering attack on his foreign policy positions , warning against giving the country ’s nuclear codes to the Manhattan businessman . Mr. Ryan criticized her in his column , writing Mr. Miller " A Clinton White House would mean four more Trump liberal cronyism and a government more out for itself than the people it serves . Quite Trump , she represents all that our agenda aims to fix . " Democrats pounced on the latest opportunity to tie Hillary Clinton Trump Mr. Ryan Republicans , including vulnerable lawmakers fighting Hillary Clinton   . Adam Jentleson , a spokesman for Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , the Democratic a government , said the a government Party is now " the Hillary Clinton of Trump . " " Speaker Ryan ’s abject surrender makes it official , " he said in an email . " The GOP is Trump ’s party now . " 
 the Republican Party the Republican Party Speaker Ryan 