’     ’ "    Viktor Shvets is Macquarie ’s head of global equity strategy and      equity strategy . " ’    We recently spoke with him about the biggest problem facing the    Chinese economy .   ’ "    This is part two of a series .   was a discussion on the populism that ’s    sweeping the globe and the role technology has played . " ’ This interview was lightly edited for clarity . ’ " Jonathan Garber : China ’s FX reserves have been    falling for almost three years now . Is that China ’s biggest    problem , or is it something else ? " " Viktor Shvets : The essence of China ’s problem is    not reserves but the fact that not reserves but the fact that their saving rates are too high   (45%+ of GDP) saving rates are too high    ( 45%+ of GDP ) . When you ’re saving so much money , you either have    to invest    or you have to export    to other countries . China has been doing both . So the problem China China is that as it China continues to invest within the country itself , gradually return       investment and viability of those investments keeps declining .       China running now into constraints on how much they China invest    within China China and on the other hand , the global economy    increasingly can no longer absorb China China , because    global    is not growing and all other countries ( including    the US ) are trying to   . Global trade is only growing    zero to 2 % . It ’s Global trade growing 6 % anymore the way it did Global trade the    previous 25 to 30 years . " "    Every country Germany to export their domestic problems and    adjustments to other countries . That ’s why Germany is running 8 %    10 % current account surpluses and why the US does n’t want to run    the same current account deficit the way they used to the US the    past . That ’s the problem . China is a little bit like a squirrel    in a wheel , they have to China running faster and faster in    order to stand still . " "    The problem is the problem returns on investment continue to go down you    need to keep on borrowing , and so debt levels escalate . This is    pretty much what    in Japan in the 1970s and 1980s . That ’s    what happened in the US in the second half of the 19th century    when you had booms and busts on railways and canals . That ’s what    happened to Brazil in the 1960s , 70s , leading into the early    1980s . That ’s what happened to Thailand and Malaysia in the 1980s    and 1990s leading to the    crisis . China is on exactly    the same trajectory : a high level of investment , high level of    debt , and declining return on investment . " ’      ’ ’    Eventually , those sorts of processes blow up , but there is a    difference between running an externally or an internally based    economy . What I mean by that , if you think of Brazil in    the 60s , 70s , early 80s , they were the miracle you think of Brazil in   the 60s, 70s, early 80s prior    to China . But as Brazil ran out of Brazil , it started to depend    more and more on foreign capital flow . Brazil was sustaining    Brazil current account    . In other words , they had a high you think of Brazil in   the 60s, 70s, early 80s level of external vulnerability . When you’’re externally based and    your leverage reaches a certain level , you just collapse , because    the foreigners decide    " Okay , enough is enough . " That’ ’s what also    happened to Malaysia    Thailand leading to 1997 , 98 . ’ ’    On the other hand , if you have an internalized model , whereby    most of the things are done internally with very limited external    vulnerability   —    an example of that was Japan through    the 1970s and 1980s   —    then externally nobody can push you    around . These    tend to have very high saving rates and    run current account    , and so what happens is that those    sorts of countries tend to collapse much more slowly . These    countries tend These countries strong until suddenly they do not .    Younger These countries tend    forget how strong Japan looked in    the 1980s and the then prevailing view that Japan would take    over the Japan . ’ "    That ’s what China ’s going through . ROEs are declining , return on    invested capital is    , overinvestment is growing , total    factor productivity , we talked about the US being almost at zero ,    in China it    negative .    China are now higher than they    are in the    Leverage levels you include the the US . All the signs    are there ,    at this stage , it ’s still sustainable . " " All the signs    The reason it ’s sustainable is that unlike the All the signs    , or unlike    Brazil the US the 60s and 80s , in China there are no significant    differences between fiscal and monetary policies . There are no    differences between monetary policies and banking policies .    Although , notionally , the private sector is more than half    of China ’s corporates , the reality is quite China In most    cases , there has never been a proper delineation of asset    claims between the public and private sectors . If you happen to    be a property developing company , you ’re still basically    piggybacking on what the government wants to do    how the    government and local administrators want to allocate the land . If    you are a coal mining company , you ’re still in the same position .    If you ’re a cement company , you    still in the same position .    There are certain areas the same position economy    the state    never had claims in the first place . In those areas , there are    real private sector companies . certain areas of the Chinese economy where the state   never had claims in the first place to    mostly in IT and    technology areas , real private sector companies in most of China , there is really very    little difference in my view between the public and private    sectors . " "    If you ’re in a position that you do n’t have a difference between    fiscal and monetary policies and you do n’t have a difference    between monetary policies and banking policies and there is no    difference between the public and private sector , then    effectively you just keep pumping liquidity with limited    consequences , because you are not really facing currency and bond    market constraints . That ’s part of the reason why China has been    recently negating some of the capital deregulatory moves that    they have done over the previous two years . " "    To put it another way , how can Donald Trump make fiscal policy    proactive to a stage that it actually makes a difference ? Fiscal    policy can make a difference if it ’s large , quick , and it ’s    funded by Fiscal   policy new money . If it ’s Fiscal   policy , slow , and you borrow to    fund Fiscal   policy , it makes little difference . Hence , China    have Fiscal   policy a Fiscal   policy    impact , but most developed    countries can not because they tend to have a separation    between fiscal and monetary policies most developed   countries well as between monetary    and banking policies . However , there are no free lunches , and    China ’s high degree of policy flexibility creates    significant domestic dislocations China " ’   ’ " Garber :    ’s large for China ? What size is    needed ? " " Shvets : China example , global reflation in 2016 ,    it ’s all due to China pretty much . China delivered for everyone    improvements in leading China and manufacturing output China Why    can China do that and the US can not ? The    is China go back to my    original point . " "    In China , there is no difference between fiscal and monetary    policy China There is no independence of the central bank . There is no    difference between monetary policy and banking policy . In China ,    the People ’s Bank of China just injects liquidity China directs the    banks where that liquidity China go . As we discussed a second    ago , in most instances there is no difference between the public    and private sector , so basically corporates do in many ways what    they ’re supposed to do . The transmission mechanism is there    corporates    every time China invests , effectively it ’s brand new money       into China system . "       In the US ,    debate how much the Federal Reserve has been    politicized or not politicized , but there ’s no question the       Reserve enjoys much greater independence . Fiscal and    monetary the Federal Reserve coordinated . In fact ,    sometimes they actually act in opposite directions . In the    US    the US real private sector Fiscal and   monetary policy , as I said , it will bend    towards the public sector and politics but it does n’t break . The    private sector does not necessarily do what they ’re supposed to    do , and they do n’t necessarily push the money the way they The   private sector    supposed to into the real economy The   private sector That ’s part of the reason why    The   private sector ended up just being trapped in the financial sector and not    really    down to the ground at all . " "    The incoming    suggested that it wants to invest $ 1    trillion over 10 years ( remember China does $ 1 trillion The incoming administration    seven , China months ) . My principle is that to make a meaningful    difference it has to be large , quick and funded through new    money . If you spread it over time whilst trying to fund it    through    sheet    which by definition makes it it much smaller in size and if it ca n’t push it through Congress ,    or it you do push it through Congress but it ends up making it    projects here    there to satisfy the local it of Congress their it , and in order to fund it , if you borrow the    money , then you ’re crowding out other investments and you    actually are not going to achieve much at all . " "    On the other hand , the way China does it is that it is large and China they inject fresh money quickly . They determine how much    provisioning banking sector will do , how much of the loans they    they evergreen . They    the banks to increase or decrease    lending , which the they    do , and they on the other side    of the    , you actually the banks that in many ways will    do exactly as intended . As I said , there is a real private sector    in China , but it ’s much much China than what people think it    is . It ’s certainly not over 50 a real private sector   in China which is what statistics    indicate . In a real private sector   in China , therefore ,    have a China and command    system . That works . " "    Ultimately , that control and command system creates domestic    anomalies . That ’s why there are property bubbles and wealth    management bubbles . That system can only work within protected    barriers . In other words , you have to have capital that control and command system    place so that you ’re actually trapping that liquidity exactly    where you want it to be . China would argue that even they can not    really determine the outcomes , and China that liquidity true . But China have a    much higher degree of control , and that ’s why China China    stimulate , and why it can have a dramatic impact on the China    economy . " 
 China       