Radio talker and former Fox News host Glenn Beck wrote a blistering indictment of Fox News CEO Roger Ailes , comparing his Glenn Beck boss to accused sex offender Bill Cosby and praising Fox host Megyn Kelly for being the one to " slay the dragon in the end . " [ Beck Glenn Beck on his Glenn Beck page to an article by Gabriel Sherman in New York magazine reporting that Kelly Kelly told Fox Fox investigators that Ailes sexually harassed her Kelly in her Kelly . The embattled CEO became the subject of an internal investigation by the network ’s parent company after former Fox Fox Gretchen Carlson filed a sexual harassment suit against him former Fox host Gretchen Carlson   Beck , who left Fox Fox 2011 , posted the following to his Fox page : Who would have guessed it would be Megyn Kelly that would slay the dragon in the end . Because she Megyn Kelly as smart as she Megyn Kelly , she Megyn Kelly able to build her Megyn Kelly " brand " big enough to not be ruled by fear . Good for her Megyn Kelly not running for or to cover . A very sad ending to a tale that could have been so different . Roger Ailes was a true genius and one of the saddest disappointments in my life . As I have said , there were many reasons I left Fox . Roger Roger Ailes the reason I went , and the biggest reason I left . He Roger Ailes very powerful , in many ways more powerful than the president and surely more powerful than anyone I have ever met . A spooky amount of power but he Roger Ailes have been a truly great man . Somewhere , early on I suppose , it all went wrong . I always felt Roger Roger Ailes I could see through him Roger Ailes It seemed to me that he Roger Ailes a man that in the dead of night knew what he Roger Ailes become and wondered how different it could have been . It was always very sad to think about . In someways , I hoped that I was wrong and he Roger Ailes truly clueless as I thought of the torment of feeling trapped in your patterns and life and not feeling able to begin again with a clean slate . He Roger Ailes very concerned about how he Roger Ailes be remembered . He Roger Ailes to be remembered as a good man . This has destroyed that . Truly unfortunate as he Roger Ailes responsible for so many great moments in history . Instead , he Roger Ailes become Bill Cosby . Gretchen Carlson should be commended for having the courage to stand . I do n’t think people understand the power that was Roger Ailes . Total , complete and very far reaching . He Roger Ailes is , does he Roger Ailes away in the sunset or does he Roger Ailes down and advise Trump ? Can anyone hire him Roger Ailes even Trump Trump this now out ? My thoughts and prayers are with all of my friends at Fox . This changes everything . If Donald trump wins the presidency this changes his Donald to pressure and bully the media . ( I will explain why based on a little read fact buried in a story four months ago , that now you will see and truly understand . The good news is , Bill Shine is a good man and people have confidence in him a good man He Bill Shine n’t miss a step . I have a lot of thoughts to share . 
 