Washington ( CNN ) As his colleagues played baseball in his honor Thursday evening , MedStar Washington Hospital Center medical gave an update on Rep. Steve Scalise , who remains in critical condition but has improved . Scalise , the third ranking member of House Republican leadership , was among six people who were injured after a gunman opened fire Wednesday in Alexandria , Virginia , during a Republicans’    practice ahead of a charity baseball game .   The gunman , identified by officials as James Hodgkinson , died after the shootout . " Earlier today , Congressman Steve Scalise underwent a second surgery related to Congressman Steve Scalise internal injuries and a broken bone in Congressman Steve Scalise leg , " MedStar said in a statement Thursday . " Congressman Steve Scalise remains in critical condition , but has improved in the last 24 hours . Congressman Steve Scalise will require additional operations , and will be in the hospital for some time . " The Congressional Baseball Game , an annual tradition , went on as planned Thursday Thursday Though the game pegs Republicans against Democrats , attendees and participating lawmakers showed unity in wake of the shooting . More than $ 1 million has been raised for Congressional Sports for Charity so far , the The Congressional Baseball Game, an annual tradition organizers announced . Instead of wearing hats representing their home Instead of wearing hats representing their home teams , as is the normal tradition , this year players on both teams wore Louisiana State University hats in honor of Scalise , a Louisiana Republican , for part of the game The Congressional Baseball Game, an annual tradition Speaker Paul Ryan and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " Erin Burnett OutFront " that despite party affiliation they were both party affiliation " Team Scalise " on Thursday . President Donald Trump Trump video message that played at the start of the game . " By playing tonight , you are showing the world that we will not be intimidated by threats , acts of violence , or assaults on our democracy , " Trump said . " The game will go on . " 
 