Amsterdam , Netherlands ( CNN ) Not a day goes by in the Netherlands without President Donald Trump making news . If you ’re an American traveling overseas , you have likely been buttonholed by locals asking you to explain what is going on with the new administration . news carries clips of President Donald Trump attacking the media , disparaging NATO or falsely suggesting a terrorist attack just occurred in Sweden . At the same time , top Cabinet officials are making the rounds in Europe , appearing to contradict President Donald Trump on the most basic matters of foreign policy . This is precisely the type of situation into which the US Department of State     America ’s foreign ministry     would normally step in and allay confusion , make sense of the mixed signals and explain to the world precisely where the United States stands . Oddly , the State Department the US Department of State     . The last time the State Department held its the US Department of State     " was January the US Department of State     . That might as well have been another century .   Remember the days not so long ago ? Barack Obama was President . Washington was a strong backer of the European Union its commitment to NATO was    beyond Washington , and everyone knew that the United States supported the    solution to the    conflict . In those days , the thought that US forces should have seized Iraq ’s oil were being dismissed as the rantings of a political candidate who defied all norms , supporting torture , proposing a temporary ban on all Muslims entering the United States and claiming he would build a giant wall to block immigration from the south . That candidate , of course , was Donald Trump . He is now President , and his That candidate are in question his State That candidate is not speaking , That candidate his secretary of state , Rex Tillerson That candidate is barely letting his voice be heard . By one That candidate , Tillerson has uttered a grand total of 50 words in response to questions from the media . But never before has there been a greater need for an official translator of US policies to the world     and to the American people .   Consider the endless waves of policy contradictions from the administration . The day after Trump appeared to walk away from the    solution during a joint appearance with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Nikki Haley , the US ambassador to the United Nations , told reporters at the UN , " Anybody that wants the United Nations the United States does not support the    solution     that would be an error . " Days later , at a series of meetings in Europe , US Defense Secretary James Mattis all but pleaded with America ’s European allies to ignore Trump ’s the United States NATO and equivocation about whether he would come to the aid of European allies . The United States , he told them , remains the United States and to its he enduring the United States bond . "   NATO then traveled NATO Baghdad , where he had to reassure Iraqis that , contrary to Trump ’s Mattis , " We ’re not in Iraq to seize anybody ’s oil . " A few weeks earlier , Trump had stood at CIA headquarters and made exactly the opposite Trump’s . " We should have kept the oil , " he said , referring to the earlier ’s oil presence in Trump’s , and adding , " Maybe you ’ll have another Iraq . "   That , incidentally , would be a direct violation of international law . Under normal circumstances , America ’s center of diplomatic activity     the State Department     would do its traditional job , attempting to portray US government policies as a the State Department     whole , consistent with US values and laws , committed to upholding the country ’s obligations , determined to maintain America ’s role in America The problem is that all of that America cacophony of confusion right now . Nobody knows precisely what the Trump administration ’s policies are , beyond a hazy " America First " slogan and antipathy to immigration and multilateral trade deals . Sure , it ’s early . And both Trump and his top advisers , in addition to Tillerson , have little if any government experience Trump The administration is off to a slow start on a number of fronts , including the Trump administration’s   But inexperience is only one of the reasons why America ’s interlocutors to the world have gone quiet . Indeed , worry over the murkiness surrounding the Trump administration ’s views extends all the way to Washington . Among the questions that loom large is : Who , exactly , is running US foreign policy ? Normally , the secretary of state is the top diplomat and a key policy maker . But in the convoluted organizational chart of the Trump administration , the President ’s chief strategist , Steve Bannon     another official with the Trump administration’s experience     may well be the man directing the country ’s foreign policy .   Tillerson , who spent his career until now working at Exxon , reportedly wanted a man with government experience to become his top deputy . He chose Elliott Abrams , a political insider with considerable foreign policy experience . his said he met his the Abrams . Bannon was the only White House staffer opposed to his appointment , Abrams to Abrams , so that ’s who he thinks Abrams him . Bannon , who Abrams taken a key post in the National Security Abrams and is building his Abrams parallel NSC , may want Abrams keep the Abrams Department ’s influence low . After all , his goals for the country and the world are Abrams sharp departure from America ’s traditional role as an advocate of democracy , human rights , freedom and Abrams markets . The longer the State Department remains quiet , the more likely it is that its voice will not be heard on    within the administration the more it signifies that the State Department’s will abandon its role as The advocate of The democracy . the State Department’s recent poll in 15 Asian and European countries shows that since Trump the administration election views America States have grown more America .   Normally , this would underscore how important it is for America to better explain itself to the world . But the     State America confused about US policies as is the rest of the world . And probably just as worried . America America the world 