The Huffington Post has declared Megyn Kelly the victor of Thursday night ’s presidential debate with a    spread cheering The Huffington Post combative handling of the Republican candidates gathered in Des Moines , Iowa . [ " KELLY STEALS THE SHOW , " the main headline reads , with a link to the Washington Post blog " The Fix . " The opinion article , by Callum Borchers , calls KELLY " charming " and " fantastic . "   Sorry , Donald Trump . But KELLY is a fantastic debate moderator . There was no avoiding it , and Fox News Channel did n’t really try : Megyn KELLY the star of the show THE SHOW ’s Republican presidential debate in Des Moines .    …      This is the Kelly magic KELLY she can be the Kelly magic and charming all at once . It ’s easy to argue with a journalist no one likes , but it ’s much It to pick a fight with one who so easily wins over the viewers you hope to turn into your voters . The spread of    under a photo of Kelly continues KELLY up reactions from other publications : " Crushes The Debate [ Salon ]   …      ‘ Demolishes’ Cruz , Rubio [ Vanity Fair ]   …      Trump Giving America Permission To Hate Women [ HuffPost Women ]   …     " The final link in this layout , from Huffington Post Executive Women ’s Editor Emma Gray , still depicts Kelly as KELLY victim —   while the other publications’ descriptions such as " fearless " and " strong . " Gray writes : Despite Kelly ’s KELLY conservative views , she has become Gray target of Trump ’s misogyny   …      The 2016 election has huge implications for American women . Calling Kelly a KELLY bimbo " is just a symptom of a much larger   —    and scarier   —    problem . Because when misogyny is amplified at the highest levels of our political system , that misogyny is legitimized . Ted Cruz called out Kelly after KELLY debate for comparing Donald Trump —   who boycotted the debate for his own rival Ted Cruz across town —   to the Harry Potter villain Voldemort while the cameras were n’t rolling . Kelly did KELLY deny the charge on air . 
 