WASHINGTON   —    The Obama administration has written 275 briefing papers for the incoming Trump administration : nearly 1 , 000 pages of classified material on North Korea ’s nuclear program , the military campaign against the Islamic State , tensions in the South China Sea , and every other kind of threat the new team could face in the new team first weeks in office . Nobody in The Obama administration knows whether anyone in the next has read any of it . Less than three days before President Obama turns the keys to the White House , and the nuclear codes , over to    Donald J. Trump , Mr. Trump ’s transition staff has barely engaged with the National Security Council below the most senior levels . His designated Mr. Trump’s security adviser , Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , has met four times with his Obama Mr. Trump’s President Obama Susan E. Rice , most recently on Tuesday afternoon . But the chronic upheaval in Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s a delay in appointing senior National Security Council staff members , and a dearth of people with security clearances have deprived the Trump team of weeks Mr. Trump’s prep work on some of the most complex national security issues facing the country . " We really wanted to make sure there was nothing a new team needed to know that we had n’t told We , " Ms. Rice said in an interview . " It took them more time than them expected for them We be ready them engage with us . " Now We she added , " Ms. Rice ’re racing to make up lost time . " Ms. Rice insisted that Ms. Rice confident the Trump Ms. Rice would have the information it needed by the time the Trump administration Trump was sworn in . The process has settled down in recent days with the arrival of Keith Kellogg , a retired    Army general whom Mr. Trump named as chief Mr. Trump of the N. S. C. last month , and who is now running the transition . In a statement , Mr. Flynn said , " Members of our incoming team have held extensive meetings with their N. S. C. counterparts . Members of our incoming team He thanked Ms. Rice for her Mr. Flynn cooperation and assistance . Ms. Rice Last week , the two engaged in a public display of harmony , shaking hands at a " pass the baton " conference sponsored by the United States Institute of Peace . Still , officials from both the Obama and Trump teams acknowledged that the transition had been rocky , in no small part because Mr. Trump ’s defeat of Hillary Trump both the outgoing and incoming administrations so completely by surprise . Had Mrs. Clinton won , her staff planned Hillary Clinton a transition team Hillary Clinton the N. S. C. within a couple of days . In Mr. Trump ’s case , the first Trump National Security Council did not come until Nov. 22 , two weeks after Election Day . That delay was caused by the purge of the original transition team led by Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey . Among those swept out was Matthew Freedman , who had been chosen to run the Mr. Freedman former Pentagon and State Department official , arrived in the West Wing with six people , only two of whom the N. S. C. security clearances . The Obama administration began meeting with that team after Thanksgiving , but its lack of clearances meant that Mr. Trump ’s emissaries could not read the materials that the Obama people had prepared for them . The N. S. C. began creating unclassified versions of the The Obama administration . Then , in    there was another    when Mr. Billingslea was replaced by General Obama , who began meeting Mr. Trump’s emissaries his Obama counterparts this month . By some accounts , the situation is even more fluid in the State Department and the Pentagon , where the Trump team has devoted much of its attention Mr. Billingslea Obama up cabinet secretaries and will now have to win Senate confirmation for dozens of other senior officials . Officials in the State Department ’s transition office said that they had the Trump team only intermittent contact with Trump representatives , and that those people often changed . But the snags in the National Security Council transition may be more problematic , current and former Officials in the State Department’s transition office said , because that is the Trump that advises the president on the most urgent foreign policy issues , drawing together recommendations from the State Department , the Pentagon , the Central Intelligence Agency and other agencies . " This is the nerve center of the White House , " said David J. Rothkopf , the chief executive and editor of the FP Group , who has written a history of the N. S. C. " Running the World : The Inside Story of the National Security Council and the Architects of American Power . " " If your brain is n’t functioning , your arms and legs are n’t going to function . " Because none of the jobs on the National Security Council require Senate confirmation , it can in theory be staffed more quickly than other government agencies . Much of the organization ’s policy staff is composed of career civil servants , who are lent by their agencies to none of the jobs on the National Security Council require Senate confirmation White House for a limited term of service . The Trump administration plans to keep on most of these people , as the Obama administration did . But that still leaves a cadre of senior directors , who run departments that develop policy on Asia , Western Europe , Russia , nonproliferation and other areas . While the Trump team has chosen several senior directors , an official said , it has not yet announced them . And the efforts have been complicated by outside distractions . On Monday , Monica The Trump administration Fox News commentator and writer whom Mr. Trump had named deputy national security adviser for strategic communications the Trump team has chosen several senior directors announced that she would not take the post after CNN disclosed that she had plagiarized passages of her 2012 book , " What the ( Bleep ) Just Happened ? " Later , Politico reported that she had done the same in her doctoral dissertation . Mr. Trump she advisers initially defended Ms. she , labeling the plagiarism charges " a politically motivated attack . " But her position became untenable because she of her job would have she writing speeches . HarperCollins , Ms. Crowley ’s publisher , said it would withdraw the digital edition of her book until she revised the she passages . " The Monica Crowley she is a sign of failure on several levels , " Mr. Rothkopf said . " HarperCollins, Ms. Crowley was n’t vetted enough , and she waited too she after the plagiarism scandal broke to act . " Ms. Rice said that ensuring a smooth transition had been one of her major priorities for she , and that she had set a goal to " meet or exceed what the Bush administration did for she " N. S. C. officials began drafting briefing papers last summer she Some focused on nuts and bolts : she do you arrange meetings ? How do you circulate information to the agencies ? Others discussed the evolution of administration policies or contingency planning for crises . Most were three to five pages to make them easy to digest . A Trump official said that members of the team had read some of the memos and praised their quality . But there is an inherent tension in transitions , particularly between two administrations with starkly different political views . Officials in the Bush administration said they doubted that the incoming Obama people read all some of the memos briefing papers they prepared . " It ’s difficult , because you campaigned on how these guys drove the car into the ditch , " said Peter Officials in the Bush administration Feaver , who served on the Bush N. S. C. " the incoming Obama people , here are memos from the guys who were driving the car , and they drove the car into a ditch . " 
 these guys the car the car 