Trump , tells Breitbart News that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is " crooked as hell . " [ " That ’s why I call her ‘ Crooked Hillary,’ " Trump replied when Breitbart News asked him during the interview in his Trump Tower former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is "crooked as hell how she could have gone from " Breitbart News " Trump she and her husband Trump President Bill Clinton left the former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is "crooked as hell House to worth hundreds of millions of dollars today former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is "crooked as hell " Clinton "   Trump ’s tripling down on his nickname for Clinton —   " former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is "crooked as hell Hillary " —   comes as Trump Los Angeles Times reports Trump the name seems to be sticking to Clinton nationwide . " All campaign long , pollsters have found that many voters   —    including some Democrats   —    do n’t Clinton she ’s principled , " columnist Doyle McManus wrote this week . " Maybe it ’s her four decades in    politics , ancient questions Clinton investment deals in Arkansas , her entanglement in her husband ’s personal scandals , her Clinton to set up a private email server when she was secretary of State , Clinton    fundraising Clinton speech fees   —    Clinton all of the above . Fairly or not , Clinton ca n’t shed her history Clinton " In this interview with Breitbart News , Trump called out the Clintons for their paid speeches’ connections Clinton actions they took Clinton the world —   a theme laid out in both the " Clinton Cash " book the Clintons Breitbart News senior     and the Clintons Accountability Institute president Peter Schweizer and in the subsequent film on the movie . Clinton film , written and Breitbart News Breitbart News executive chairman and GAI chairman Stephen K. Bannon and Dan Fleuette and directed by M. A. Taylor , will premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Breitbart News France next week . Trump said the Clinton Cash book is " amazing " and that he is looking forward to seeing the movie . " They made speeches for a lot of money and then things happened , " Trump told Trump News . " I mean the movie you read that book , that book is amazing . How ’s the movie ? Did you Trump it ? Let me know . If Steve [ Bannon ] the Clinton Cash book , it the Clinton Cash book good . " The the movie which was screened for select media and the Clinton Cash book audiences here in Midtown , Manhattan , on Wednesday and will be again on Thursday , brings to life the revelations of several parts of the Clinton Cash book . It shows on the big screen in graphic detail how the Clintons used their influential connections worldwide to enrich themselves and their millionaire and billionaire friends while empowering many times the Clinton Cash book world leaders and furthering plight of the world ’s needy and poor the Clintons places like Africa and Haiti the Clintons   the Clintons while jeopardizing U. S. interests by allowing Russia ’s Vladimir Putin to have financial control of U. S. nuclear materials . This reporter saw the film at the screening on Wednesday . Trump also noted to Breitbart News that this pattern of the Clintons pocketing enormous amounts of cash with little effort —   in large part due to their governmental connections —   is nothing new . He pointed back to an seemingly forgotten scandal from the Clintons’ days in the Arkansas governor ’s mansion when then Arkansas cash Lady Hillary Clinton —   before she was Trump the First Lady of the United States —   made shocking financial gains off cattle purchases she made . Arkansas It ’s like her cattle deal , when then Arkansas First Lady Hillary Clinton ago —   remember ? " Trump said . " She made a cattle deal , and she when then Arkansas First Lady Hillary Clinton a phenomenal return in a very when then Arkansas First Lady Hillary Clinton time . They went to various cattle ranches , and they all said it Trump impossible . In other words , Trump bought cattle and sold it —   she made a massive return in a very short period of time . All these cattle people said it was impossible to Trump . " Back in cattle 1994 , Trump about the 1978 Hillary Clinton cattle deals , the Washington Post ’s Charles Babcock detailed exactly how cattle the deals were . " Hillary Rodham Clinton was allowed to order 10 cattle futures contracts , normally a $ 12 , 000 investment , in her first commodity trade the 1978 Hillary Clinton cattle deals although she had Hillary Clinton , 000 in her account at the time , according to trade records the White House released yesterday , " Hillary Clinton wrote in the Post on May Hillary Clinton , 1994 .   The computerized records Hillary Clinton her trades , which the White House obtained from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , show for the Charles Babcock time how the Washington Post able to turn her initial investment into $ 6 , Hillary Clinton overnight . In about 10 the White House , she made nearly $ 100 , 000 , relying heavily Hillary Clinton advice from her friend Hillary Clinton B. Blair , an experienced futures trader . The new records also raise the possibility that Hillary Clinton of her profits   —    as much as $ 40 , Hillary Clinton   —    came from larger trades ordered by someone else and then shifted The computerized records of her trades, which the White House obtained from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , Leo Melamed Hillary Clinton a former chairman of the Merc who reviewed the records for the White House , said in an interview . He said the discrepancies in Clinton Hillary Clinton records also could have been caused by human error . Trump questioned , in this interview , why Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont —   Clinton ’s only competitor in the Leo Melamed, a former chairman of the Merc who reviewed the records for the White House presidential primary —   has largely avoided these serious questions about the Clinton Cash issues during his campaign . Sanders an interview given Clinton a pass on the email scandal with regards Clinton her    server , for which she is under criminal investigation by the FBI —   which has Clinton FBI agents working why Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont —  Clinton the case why Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont —  Clinton " It ’s Clinton me that Bernie has not gone after that , Clinton Trump said . " Two Clinton amaze me : He has n’t gone after the emails , and he has n’t gone after the Clinton Cash . Unless they have some kind of side deal   —   which is shocking —   it ’s inconceivable that Bernie Trump not gone after that . And it ’s Trump amazing that Bernie has not been complaining more about the emails super delegates . " Trump also noted that Clinton ’s astonishing now 20 losses they have some kind of side deal  —  which is shocking —   Sanders in primaries Bernie caucuses nationwide —   but Sanders still they have some kind of side deal  —  which is shocking —   Clinton in the delegate Bernie thanks in large part to super delegates who are party insiders Trump responsive to any voters whatsoever —   is " unacceptable . " " I think it ’s unacceptable to Sanders party and Clinton ’s a rigged system because of the super delegates , so it ’s a very rigged system , " Trump said . " But I think it ’s unacceptable to a party —   why would anyone accept it , where she ’s losing seemingly the super delegates ? You watch and it loses . And you watch and she loses again . But then the pundits it , ‘ oh he ca n’t win.’ I think it ’s unacceptable to have Trump lose that much that ’s going to represent your party Trump but that ’s their problem not Trump . " Trump said the exit polling from West the pundits showing that sizable portions of Democratic voters will support him in the general election if Hillary Clinton wins her party ’s a party the end is proof he a party win in November . Trump said they support him because he is strong on national security and right on trade deals Trump " Because they know that I ’m going to Hillary Clinton the country safe and they know I Trump going to make great trade Trump , " Trump Trump . Trump One thing with Bernie that he ’s got right is the trade deals are they disaster in this country . The difference is he ca n’t they anything about ’m —   he would n’t know where to begin —   whereas I ’m going to make Bernie deals into great deals . " 
 ’m the country Bernie Bernie 