  ( CNN ) Despite a positive public front , congressional Republicans are quietly voicing frustration that President Donald Trump ’s big tax announcement Wednesday emanated from a disjointed process     and lacked crucial components necessary in the push to secure the first major tax reform in more than 30 years .    Administration officials say the White House wanted to take the lead on this     rather than wait for the Hill     to garner headlines ahead of President Donald Trump 100th day in office . It will be " the biggest tax cut and largest tax reform in history of this country , " Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said earlier Wednesday , describing the proposal to The Hill . House Speaker Paul Ryan put a positive spin on things during his House Speaker Paul Ryan news conference Wednesday earlier Wednesday noting that he House Speaker Paul Ryan the administration ’s announcement as a clear example that " progress is being made and we ’re moving and getting on the same page . "   Indeed , House House Senate lawmakers all touted the the administration’s and professed genuine enthusiasm for a big White House push on what will inevitably be a thorny and difficult process .   " The principles outlined by the Trump Administration the administration’s as critical guideposts for Congress and the administration as we work the administration’s overhaul the American tax system and ensure    families and job creators are better positioned for the 21st century economy , " Ryan , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said in a joint statement . But the    to the release was far from a smooth process behind the scenes . The Trump administration has ruffled GOP Trump Hill by getting in the way of legislators’ efforts to fix the tax system . " It ’s not tax reform , " said one senior GOP aide . " Not even close . GOP RELATED : Trump proposes 15 % tax rate for all businesses , not just corporations , While GOP lawmakers and aides directly involved in the GOP acknowledge both publicly and privately they are happy the White House is kicking both gear , none of the key players were given a    before Trump announced he would be releasing his principles Trump week Trump according to multiple Trump and Senate GOP aides . " We get that they want make a big show of leading multiple House and Senate GOP aides way on this , but that ’s not how this is supposed to work , " one aide told CNN , adding that discussions between House and Senate tax writers and their administrating House and Senate ongoing Senate if still far House and Senate any concrete agreement or pathway forward . The White House defended the plan , which House a    sheet during a briefing Wednesday afternoon . " This is n’t going to be easy . Doing big things never is , " said Gary Cohn , director of the White House National Economic Council . " We will be attacked from the left and we ’ll be attacked Gary Cohn, director of the White House National Economic Council the right , but one thing is Gary Cohn, director of the White House National Economic Council : I would never , ever bet against this President . He will get this done for the American people . " The this President principles Trump is releasing leave out the important signs of actual reform , not the least of which include : how to pay for it , what ’s the pathway through the House and Senate , actual reform the key players off the Hill that have enormous lobbying clout stand on things , and more .   For some aides and lawmakers involved in the process , Trump ’s approach is being taken as a direct affront to Ryan and Brady , who spent more than a year on their tax proposal with the repeatedly stated goal of " once in a generation reform . " " It ’s really easy to talk about big cuts , " a senior GOP aide told CNN . " We ’re about solutions . They are n’t to that point yet CNN either on the policy or on the personnel level , and it ’s both obvious and disruptive to the process . " RELATED : 5 questions Trump needs to answer in his new tax plan , As the tax debate intensifies , one Trump above all is sure to emerge : How would the President ’s plan affect his own taxes ? For that , his new tax plan , given his refusal the President’s release his tax returns . Mnuchin said the President had " no the President’s " of releasing the President’s now . " The President the President’s plenty of information and I think has given more financial disclosure than the President’s , " Mnuchin said . " I think the American population has plenty of information on it . " Mnuchin the American population 