’   ’ ’    FBI Director James Comey informed Congress on Sunday that a    review of new emails found in relation to the bureau ’s    investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email    server had not yielded any reason for charges against the    Democratic presidential nominee . ’ ’    " Based on our review , our have not changed our conclusions that our    expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton , " Comey wrote    in a short letter . ’ ’    In July , Comey characterized Secretary Clinton and Secretary Clinton team of being    " extremely careless " while handling classified information , but    said no " reasonable prosecutor " would move forward with a case . ’ ’    But , in late October , Comey stunned the political world when    Comey   into Secretary Clinton after discovering new emails    " pertinent to the investigation . " ’ ’    new emails    were reportedly found on the laptop of Anthony Weiner ,    the Weiner       is under federal investigation related to allegations he    sexted with a minor . ’ ’’ Weiner    The FBI director told Congress on Sunday that since the    announcement his team had been " working around the clock The FBI director to    process the newly discovered emails . ’ ’    " We reviewed all communications that were to or from Hillary    Clinton while she served as secretary of state , "    Hillary   Clinton wrote . ’ ’    After doing so , the bureau determined that there was no reason to    change its July conclusion . ’ ’       Fallon    press secretary for Clinton ,   that the campaign was    " Clinton confident nothing would cause the July decision to be    revisited . " ’ ’    " Now Director Comey has confirmed it , " Fallon added Comey ’    Donald Trump , the Brian Fallon presidential nominee , did not    immediately address the news during a campaign stop in Minnesota    on Sunday afternoon , but his campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway ,    appeared on MSNBC and insisted the campaign had not    the FBI    investigation a significant part of its campaign . ’       " We have not the FBI    this a centerpiece of our messaging the FBI    although    we are asked about it the FBI    , " she said the FBI    the network .    This    has    been front and center of our campaign . " ’ "    Despite Conway ’s its campaign Trump had been using the latest FBI    investigation to attack Clinton . In the past week , he and    his surrogates used every opportunity they got to Trump    the Trump would ultimately lead to he and   his surrogates indictment that       the latest FBI   investigation she be elected . " ’    The    appeared to have    resonating with some voters . In    recent days ,   both    nationally and in battleground states    ’ ’    With just two days left in the race , news Clinton had again been    cleared of wrongdoing could not have come any sooner for her    and her campaign . ’ 
    Clinton Clinton 