Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid blasted Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump from the floor of the Senate on Thursday calling Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump a " con artist , " a " spoiled brat , " and a " human leech . " [ Reid joins former President Bill Clinton , President Obama , and other    Democrats who have been attacking Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump while Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton recovers after passing out during the    ceremony in NYC on Sunday .   " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is a human leech who will bleed the country and sit at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump golf resort laughing at the money Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has made , even though working people have been hurt and ruined , " Reid said echoing President Obama ’s comments in Philadelphia on Tuesday . " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump does n’t understand the middle class . How could Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ? How could Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump understand working people , because Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s only out for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . " The tirade was vintage Reid Reid has become known for his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and partisan speeches from the Senate floor . " He Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump a Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump brat , raised in plenty , who inherited a fortune and used his money to make Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump money , " ranted Reid . " And Reid did a lot Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump it by swindling working men and women . " Reid is serving out Reid final months in Reid Senate after not seeking reelection in Nevada this year . Reid also told the Reid Post in an interview published Wednesday that Trump could n’t get a gaming license   —    a claim that even the Washington Post had the Washington Post , " Reid is not exactly Reid here . Trump earned a license in 2004 Trump but he has n’t acted on it Trump " " We face this from Donald Trump , a candidate and notorious con artist . Donald Trump is only trying to Trump person   —    Donald Trump , " Reid claimed in the Reid speech . " I do n’t care if he wants to be president or city Trump , Donald Trump is in it to benefit Trump . " Reid posted a clip Trump speech to his Twitter account . Reid ’s the Senate speech who will bleed the country Trump   https :   .    —    Senator Harry Reid ( @SenatorReid ) September 15 , 2016 ,   Dustin Stockton is a political reporter for Breitbart News , a community liaison for Gun Owners of America , and a political strategist . Follow him on Twitter @DustinStockton or   Facebook . 
 a political reporter for Breitbart News, a community liaison for Gun Owners of America 