’   ’ ’    During a phone call with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto on    Friday , US President Donald Trump disparaged Mexico and    threatened to use military force against the drug trade ,    according to Dolia Estevez , a journalist based in Washington , DC . ’ ’    In an   with the Mexican news outlet    Aristegui Noticias , Estevez , who cited sources on both sides of    the call , said , " It was a very offensive conversation where Trump    humiliated Peña Nieto . " ’ ’    Estevez said that while both the White House and the Mexican    president have released information about the call , both sides    characterized it as a " " conversation and neither disclosed    what was said . ’ ’    Estevez said Estevez " obtained confidential information "    corroborating the content of the discussion . ’ ’    " I don’’t need the Mexicans . I I don’’t need Mexico , " Trump   the Mexican president . " We    are going to build the wall and you all are going to pay for the wall ,    like it or not . " ’ ’    Trump  the Mexican president hinted that the US would force Mexico to fund the wall with    a 10 % tax on Mexican exports " and of 35 % on those exports that    hurt Mexico the most , " Estevez   in Proyecto Puente . ’ ’    Before the call , White House press secretary Sean Spicer   a tax on imports    from Mexico to pay for the the wall ’ ’   ’ ’    " He even complained of the bad role the [ Mexican ] army is playing    in the fight against narco trafficking , " Estevez , who   and is close to the Mexican    journalist and anchorwoman Carmen Aristegui , said during an     with Aristegui’ ’s eponymous news    outlet . ’ ’    Trump " even suggested to [ Peña Nieto ] that if they are incapable    of combatting [ narco trafficking ] he may have to send troops to    assume this task , " she said they are incapable   of combatting [narco trafficking] he may have to send troops to    ’ ’    The US president " said he would The US president permit the drugs coming from    Mexico to continue massacring our cities , " Estevez added . She    they are incapable   of combatting [narco trafficking] he may have to send troops to    Trump went so far as to say , " I really didn’’t want to go to    Mexico   Mexico Mexico " referring to   to the Mexican capital last    year . ’ ’    Peña Nieto was accompanied on the call by people from his    country’ Peña Nieto foreign ministry , while Trump was joined Trump " , " likely meaning senior    adviser Jared Kushner , and chief strategist Steven Bannon .    Kushner is   senior   adviser Jared Kushner Mexican Foreign Minister    Luis Videgaray , and they were seen ’s foreign ministry, while Trump was joined by " the likely    for    the two governments . ’ ’    " Before this unusual onslaught , Peña was not firm , " Estevez said .    " He was stammering Peña " ’ ’   ’ ’    Despite this confrontation , the Mexican government still believes    in negotiating    the Trump administration , Estevez said . Estevez ’    She also   that Videgaray met with US officials    on Tuesday    Tapachula , near the    border . ’ " the Mexican foreign minister met with     a member of Trump ’s National    Security Council handling the Western Hemisphere ; Adm. Kurt Tidd ,    commander of US Southern Command ; and Roberta Jacobson , the US    ambassador to Mexico . The Mexican Foreign Ministry has made no    mention of the encounter . " ’    Estevez   was to address Mexican    cooperation in deterring the flow of Central American migrants    through Mexico to the Mexico . However , neither US nor Mexican    officials Mexican    Estevez would confirm Estevez   meeting . ’ ’During a phone call with Mexican President . Mexican ’ 
 