’   ’ "    National security adviser Michael Flynn said Monday that National security adviser Michael Flynn    may have discussed sanctions with Russia ’s ambassador to the US    before President Donald Trump was sworn into office , despite    previously insisting National security adviser Michael Flynn had n’t . " ’    Meanwhile , the White House sent mixed signals about National security adviser Michael Flynn future in    the job . One of Trump’ ’s top advisers said One of Trump’’s top advisers still had " full    confidence " in One of Trump’’s top advisers national security adviser , but the White House    press secretary said later that Trump was " evaluating the    situation . "   ’ ’    Flynn’ ’s admission came in the form   USA Today    reported , citing a White House the White House    Pence had defended Flynn    in an interview with CBS last month , saying he " didn’’t a White House official discuss anything   ’ ’ continues to    " enjoy    full confidence of the president . the Vice President ’    White House press the White House    Spicer said in a subsequent    statement that Trump is " evaluating the situation " involving    Flynn . ’ ’    Trump " is speaking to Trump President Pence relative to the    conversation the Vice President had with General Flynn and also    speaking to various other people about what he considers the    single the Vice President important subject there is   —    our national security , "    Spicer said . ’ ’    When pressed by Kornacki about whether Trump was bothered by    Trump fact that Flynn may have lied to General Flynn House officials ,    including the vice president    about the calls , Conway replied    that Kornacki was "    hypotheticals Kornacki " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Top Democrats   to step down , noting that he may    have violated Conway Logan Act by discussing sensitive topics such    as sanctions with a foreign official . House Minority Leader Nancy    Pelosi on Monday became the latest Democrat to call for Trump to    fire Flynn . ’ ’    ’ ’National security adviser Michael Flynn said . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 