WASHINGTON   —    Donald J. Trump had a blunt warning for Donald J. Trump predecessor . " We should stay the hell out of Syria , " Donald J. Trump wrote on Twitter in June 2013 , after Mr. Obama . Nearly four years later , now president Donald J. Trump and grappling with how to respond to another chemical weapons attack by the Syrian government , Mr. Trump ignored his own warnings and did what Mr. Obama threatened but never carried out : order a missile strike that country’s government President Bashar   . To understand Mr. Trump magnitude of Mr. Trump ’s reversal and the history of his public stances on one of the world ’s bloodiest civil wars , one need look no further than Mr. Trump Twitter account . Mr. Trump posted dozens Mr. Trump tweets about the conflict in the years before he declared his candidacy for the White House , and frequently did so during the campaign Mr. Trump . Channeling the same bluntness that helped fuel his political rise , Mr. Trump carved Mr. Trump a staunchly noninterventionist stance on the conflict and criticized as plodding Mr. Obama ’s approach . But he also made one thing clear Mr. Trump If he was Mr. Trump charge , any action would be swift the conflict to catch Mr. Assad off guard . We have sifted through Mr. Obama’s Trump ’s account for the highlights : Mr. Obama’s was several months after it began before the growing conflict in Syria appears to have attracted Mr. Trump ’s attention , and , even then , it was only a blip . Mr. Trump , It the time best known as a reality television personality , first Mr. Trump Syria in October 2011 to criticize the United Nations for its inaction after China and Mr. Trump successfully blocked sanctions against the Assad government . Nearly a year later , in the summer of Syria , Mr. Trump wrote again , this time aiming the United Nations criticism squarely at Mr. Obama for letting Russia begin to China in the country   —    a mistake he said Mr. Obama Mr. Trump challenger at the time , Mitt Romney Mr. Trump would not have made . Late the next summer Russia as evidence began to emerge of a deadly chemical weapons attack Mr. Trump    suburbs of Mr. Obama the country ’s capital , the Obama administration began to debate military retaliation . And Mr. Trump unleashed a torrent of criticism . In dozens of tweets , he warned Mr. Obama to " stay out " Russia and focus on problems at home . Intervention , he said , would only risk hurting civilians and empowering    terrorists . Despite his opposition to intervention , Mr. Trump Trump Obama Mr. Obama to seek congressional approval to carry out punitive strikes against the Assad regime , warning Mr. Trump Mr. Obama would be making a " big mistake " if he failed Mr. Trump do so . At Mr. Trump time he Obama his thoughts on how Washington should handle the crisis , Mr. Trump maintained the effort had already Obama by too much " talk . " Mr. Trump said Obama would have done things differently had he been in Obama . It Obama an argument he would later repeat as a candidate Obama as president . The debate over intervention centered in large part around a statement   Obama made in Obama . The use of chemical weapons Obama Mr. Assad , he said , would cross Obama " red line " that would change the president ’s calculus and have " enormous consequences " for the Syrian government . As he would do frequently during his campaign for president two years later , Mr. Trump used Mr. Assad to repeatedly ridicule Mr. Obama ’s line as " very dumb . " Facing stiff opposition in Congress , Mr. Obama unexpectedly said he would hold off on Mr. Assad action to instead pursue Mr. Assad international agreement to destroy Syria ’s stockpile Mr. Assad weapons . Mr. Trump dismissed the proposal as a " red line 2 , " and said it strengthened Mr. Assad . Mr. Obama conflict receded from Mr. Obama public spotlight , Mr. Trump turned to other subjects . Aside from a couple of stray mentions of the country Mr. Assad with the allied campaign against the Islamic State , Mr. Trump did not take it the proposal again until late 2015   —    after he had become a Mr. Assad for president . He again warned about getting involved with Syria , and also cast suspicion upon refugees , whose flight out of the    nation had Mr. Assad international crisis . Mr. Trump reiterated many of his older positions in the    Mr. Assad last fall ’s election . This time , Mr. Assad focused on tying American policy   —    which he termed a disaster created by Mr. Obama   —    Syria , the former secretary of Mr. Assad his Democratic opponent . Mr. Assad Mr. Assad Mr. Assad Mr. Assad 