Wednesday on MSNBC , while discussing President Barack Obama ’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court left by Schumer ( ) said despite the Republican Senate leadership insisting they wo n’t giving Judge Merrick Garland a hearing , Schumer " will crack " and have a Schumer and a vote .   Schumer said , " Well , we ’ve seen the ice beginning to crack , Chris . Today , six Republican senators said they would meet with Judge Garland , including six Republican senators Ayotte . Before today , no one was going to meet with him . That ’s the first step , Chris I think the pressure is going to be so large —   these people go home , and there are people outside all their meetings , holding up signs saying ‘ these people your job,’ and they do n’t have any good answer as these people why not . If they want to hear the person and give these people very convincing reason to vote no , that ’s one thing . Saying , ‘ I wo n’t even talk to the person,’ every single week the poll numbers have gone up and up and up . So the way this is going to happen is not McConnell giving in first . " " He always gives into the hard right who McConnell nothing better than to have a hard right Supreme Court , that ’s their number one goal , " he continued . " But either Chuck Grassley McConnell chairman of judiciary , who are getting a lot of heat back home , not just from their editorial pages , from a lot of Republican leaders have said this , and they will crack . And I think the Chuck Grassley, chairman of judiciary, who are getting a lot of heat back home, not just from their editorial pages, from a lot of Republican leaders is we will have a hearing and a vote . I ca n’t predict how this will come out , but you know these hearings are sort of magical . If the nominee comes off very well , they get appointed and confirmed and we ’ve these hearings that . Two Democrats and we Republicans , the last four justices on the court , two by Democrat , two by Republican , both approved by bipartisan majorities . The hard right ’s approved that once there are hearings , a guy like Garland will get on , but I believe there are going to be hearings . And there ’s one other point , Chris , that is this —   now that Trump looks like the    a lot of people are going to say , I do n’t want Donald Trump choosing my nominee . Let ’s Trump this guy . I think Republicans might say a guy like Garland " 
 