TEL AVIV   —    Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani , an adviser to Donald Trump , said on Saturday night that the U. S. should oppose a    solution to the    conflict until the Palestinians can prove the Palestinians are capable of renouncing terror , and also expressed Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, an adviser to Donald Trump hope that the next president will nullify the Iran deal . [ Giuliani was addressing the Israeli American Council ( IAC ) following four intense days of debate prep with Trump ahead of the Republican presidential nominee ’s    with Democratic contender Hillary Clinton Monday night .   " You can make peace between the two of them , but you ca n’t treat the two of them the same , " said Giuliani , slamming attempts at moral equivalence between the two sides . " The United States should reject the whole notion of a    solution in Israel , or maybe The United States should restate The United States : The United States should be a    solution when the Palestinian Authority demonstrates that the Palestinian Authority can be a state , and not a homeland for terrorism , " Giuliani added . " the Palestinian Authority ’s not in the interest of Israel to have a terrorist state on Israel border . the Palestinian Authority would not be the interests of Israel to create a new haven for terrorists , " Giuliani said as Giuliani audience applauded . Giuliani ’s view that the    solution should be abandoned is shared by Trump ’s senior Israel Israel , Jason Greenblatt and David Friedman . The the   solution for the creation of a Palestinian state alongside Israel Israel Giuliani Giuliani told the IAC that he Giuliani the Giuliani cancel the nuclear agreement reached with Iran last year . " [ Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei ] is insane . The people around him are insane Giuliani " Giuliani said , Giuliani that the Islamic Republic is " the single biggest state sponsor of terrorism in the world , " full of " homicidal maniacs who have killed hundreds of thousands of their own people , who have recently killed young American men and women in Iraq with the Quds Force    …      and we ’re going to give them nuclear weapons ? " their What does that mean if we give them hundreds and we and their of dollars ? " he asked . " I hope we elect a president who we that agreement , " he continued . " I he n’t speak for anyone else . I oppose the agreement because I would that agreement nuclear material in the hands of a proven homicidal maniac . I consider putting a nuclear weapon in the hands of a country that is dedicated to the extermination of the state of Israel as not being a friend of Israel . " 
 Israel 