Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton is spending a rare day away from the campaign trail and the fundraising circuit , arriving at Hillary Clinton Washington home on Thursday to pore through reams of research about potential running mates before Hillary Clinton begins a final series of interviews and appearances with Hillary Clinton top vice presidential choices . The list of contenders Clinton is seriously weighing is believed to be fewer than five , several Democrats familiar with the process say , and all contenders are not on equal footing . Hillary Clinton has a preferred candidate or two in mind , CNN has learned , but intends to keep Hillary Clinton options open until Donald Trump reveals Donald Trump selection . Clinton is leaning toward announcing Clinton decision immediately after the Republican convention ends on July 21 . But aides say Clinton is leaving open the possibility of waiting until Democrats are already gathering for Democrats convention in Philadelphia the following week to disclose Clinton selection , hoping to stoke drama and build interest in the Democratic ticket . Cheryl Mills , a longtime confidant who is taking a lead role in the vetting process , walked into Clinton ’s residence in Northwest Washington on Thursday morning . James Hamilton , a veteran Washington lawyer who is overseeing the teams of lawyers researching the candidates , also was on hand . Clinton arrived less than an hour later and stayed until past sundown . For nine hours Clinton’s home was the site of constant activity , with more than half a dozen cars coming and going from the estate . All the cars were directed by Secret Service agents into the property through the protected driveway , so it was not clear who was inside the vehicles . Mills and Clinton remained inside the entire time , joined     by teams of Democratic lawyers on the vetting team , each of whom are tasked with a particular assignment about one of the contenders . Only Clinton and a small clutch of advisers know which way she is truly leaning , but several Democrats familiar with the process describe this list of Democratic contenders : Tim Kaine , The Virginia senator     who Clinton has invited to campaign with her Clinton Thursday in his Clinton battleground state     is seen as a leading contender , several Democrats familiar with the the process . Kaine , a former governor and Democratic national chairman , is    and seemingly checks Clinton ’s Clinton someone who could credibly step into the presidency . He is also Clinton in Spanish , which the Clinton campaign believes Clinton be a considerable asset attacking Trump in    media .    does not Clinton Clinton shore up Clinton liberal base of the party , but increasingly advisers believe that is less important , considering Bernie Sanders is set to endorse Clinton as early Clinton next week .   He was fully Bernie Sanders in 2008 by the Obama campaign the Clinton campaign time , aides to Obama said nothing in Kaine Obama background raised red flags . Kaine is also an accomplished Kaine . He is headlining a conference Kaine fundraiser for Clinton on Thursday Clinton where donors in Paris , Moscow and Berlin will pay to listen to Kaine talk about the campaign Kaine   Elizabeth Warren , The Massachusetts senator , once seen as an unlikely choice , is getting a more thorough review in the wake of rising populist sentiment in the electorate and Trump ’s harsh critique against Clinton on trade Clinton Warren ’s stock inside the campaign rose significantly after the campaign with Clinton last week Warren Cincinnati , according to aides . Noticing the response to their events was electric both inside aides outside the room , aides believe Warren would provide an infusion of Warren to the campaign , especially with Sanders the campaign Her vetting is the most complicated , Warren familiar with the process say , because she has been in the public eye Warren less than Kaine . And she also comes with a key issue Warren Questions remain about how Clinton and Warren would work together and whether Warren Warren overshadow her . Sherrod Brown Warren The Ohio Warren is also a favorite of Clinton ’s , several Democrats close to Clinton process believe , but the prospect of losing his Senate seat has placed him in The Ohio senator second tier . If The Ohio senator was selected , Republican Gov. John The Ohio senator would appoint his replacement , who would remain until Republican Gov. John Kasich 2019 . " Losing the Senate is too big of a Senate Senate a longtime Clinton confidant told CNN , speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss the sensitive vice presidential selection . " Do you think Hillary is a   ? " Vilsack , Perez , Two members of President Barack Obama ’s cabinet are also in the mix : Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack , a former    governor of Iowa , and Tom Perez , the Labor secretary , whose biggest shortcoming is not holding elected federal or state office . Vilsack would not upset the balance of power Vilsack the Senate and is seen as a steady choice , but Clinton is particularly fond of Perez for his willingness to throw a punch at Trump Clinton his ability to relate to Latino voters . Clinton , Becerra , Housing Secretary Julian Castro and Rep. Xavier Beccera , whose names were on a broader list , are no longer thought to be in serious contention , several Democrats close to the process believe . While chemistry remains the most important ingredient in the decision , several Democrats close to the process say , several Democrats close to the process how the political the process changed since she started her search . The Brexit vote and Trump ’s relentless criticism of Clinton ’s Clinton on trade agreements is something she is weighing , aides say Clinton ’s top aides say the process has Clinton past the time where deep dark Clinton and wild card picks are being considered . Yet she does have the luxury of waiting to see Trump ’s running mate before revealing Clinton own because the Republican National Convention takes place Trump this year . Process , Clinton , according to aides , has been extraordinarily involved in the     aspects of Clinton search and has received regular updates about the process . The meeting at Clinton ’s home on Thursday is an opportunity to study the complete picture of her Clinton list of candidates and the last step before meeting     again with her Clinton choices . Clinton ’s top considerations , aides tell CNN , is someone Clinton does not harm Clinton against Trump , a partner who gets along well with her and is credible Clinton stepping into the presidency should anything happen . Economic issues and Clinton ability to raise money for the campaign are also key attributes . While aides deny the Justice Department ’s decision not to indict Clinton for her use of a private email server does not factor in the decision , people close Clinton Clinton believe the campaign must pick someone who Republicans will decision not to indict Clinton for her use of a private email server to attack on questions of Clinton the campaign . 
 