Bon Jovi frontman Jon Bon Jovi is concerned that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has a chance to win the White House in November . [ In an interview with music website Gigwise this weekend , the     rocker said that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump political ascent in the United States , along with former UKIP leader Nigel Farage ’s rise in the UK , represents " history repeating itself . "   " It itself an unbelievable time in American politics and it itself the sh*t out of me , " Bon Jovi said . " I pray he the man not the next president of the the United States It ’s incredible itself the man can lie to you . You tell him here ’s the man what you said that ’s incorrect and then he tells it the man same [ again ] . " Bon Jovi   —    who has performed at fundraisers for the Democratic candidate , Hillary Clinton , and last week helped Bill Clinton close out his final Clinton Bill Clinton Initiative Bill Clinton in New York   —    blamed the media for blowing Trump ’s candidacy " out of proportion . " Still , the rocker seemed concerned that Trump could win Trump’s election . " If Hillary Clinton has Bill Clinton debate next week then we could be in for trouble , " he added . In Bill Clinton interview with the Mirror this weekend , Bon Jovi defended Clinton over claims that Bill Clinton is not healthy Bon Jovi to be president . Concerns about Clinton ’s health received Bill Clinton this month after the candidate appeared to stumble Bill Clinton into a van outside a September 11 memorial event in New York City . Clinton ’s campaign later said the Bill Clinton been diagnosed with pneumonia Bill Clinton I think she ’s in good health , she ’s Bill Clinton [ a ] much better Bill Clinton and you can completely understand why she needed a moment , " he told Bill Clinton paper . " You get Bill Clinton running around like that . " Bon Jovi ’s comments come as other American rock stars have weighed in on the 2016 race . In portions of an interview with Rolling Stone published Friday , Bruce Springsteen slammed Trump as a " moron " whose candidacy , he said , represents a " tragedy for Bruce Springsteen democracy . " " The republic is under siege by a moron , basically . The whole thing is tragic , " the E Street Band leader told the outlet . Other singers who have ripped the Republican candidate in recent weeks include Green Day frontman Billie Joe Armstrong , Cher and Barbra Streisand .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 