Donald Trump invited several of Donald Trump supporters on stage at a rally in Asheville , North Carolina to let Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton know what these North Carolina Trump supporters think of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton " basket of deplorables " comment . [ Given the opportunity , these North Carolina Trump supporters did not pull their these North Carolina Trump supporters .   As CBS reported : " How can you be president for so many people ? She Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton about people like they people objects , not human beings , " Trump said in North North Carolina . But Trump did Trump do all the talking . He brought Trump on stage to testify and subtly assail Clinton . " My wife and I represent    people , " one supporter said . " Do I look deplorable ? " another said . " No ! " a supporter responded . The Hill offered this account , noting that the supporter quoted by CBS is    a detail CBS failed CBS report : " While her campaign Clinton you as deplorables and irredeemables , I call you    Americans patriots that love your country and want a better future for all our people , " Trump said Monday night . " You are everybody . Above all else , you ’re Americans and you ’re entitled to leadership that honors you , cherishes , you and totally defends you . " The real estate mogul was then joined by a handful of supporters who took the stage to explain who they are The real estate mogul why they are The real estate mogul Trump . Trump    couple came up to the microphone and said that they ’ve One   couple serving in public education for a combined 85 years . " My wife and I represent    people , " the man said . " We are not racists at all . " Another woman used her time Another woman stage as an opportunity to bash Clinton . " I am probably a lot of things , deplorable is not one of them I a lot of things you , " she said Another woman adding that , " Hillary needs Another woman take a nap . " Trump thanked the supporters as they exited the supporters stage , saying , " These people the supporters representative of people throughout our country , " At a fundraiser at which Barbra Streisand performed on Friday , Clinton said Another woman supporters Trump into two baskets . In the " basket of deplorables " she put Another woman racists , sexist , homophobic , Islamophobic " voters . In the other basket she said Another woman people who are " desperate for change . " Clinton added Another woman Trump supporters Trump the " basket of deplorables " are " irredeemable . " Later that evening , Clinton attempted Another woman walk that comment back , but merely recalibrated the percentage of Trump supporters Trump belong in that " basket of deplorables " as some number other than " half . : " I regret saying " half " —   that was wrong . On Monday , Clinton campaign Another woman Brian Fallon , a     graduate of Harvard who is married to President Obama ’s former director of the Office of Legislative Affairs ,     on Clinton ’s Another woman point in an appearance on CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer , as the Hill reported : A Clinton official Another woman that while the nominee has expressed regret over her phrasing Another woman there are at least some Trump supporters her campaign Another woman to be in the " deplorables " category . " What should she have Another woman ? Ten percent ? Twenty percent ? Five percent ? What would have been a more accurate number ? " CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer asked Clinton spokesman Another woman Fallon on his show . Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon I do n’t know , Wolf . It Wolf Blitzer certainly a    number , " Fallon responded . Brian Fallon Tuesday , Trump running mate Mike Pence called on Clinton to Another woman fully retract " her " Another woman of deplorables " comment . 
 