In a rare New York City performance , comedian Dave Chappelle railed against the Black Lives Matter movement , calling the slogan that provides the group ’s name the " worst " comedian Dave Chappelle ’s ever heard . [ The former comedian Dave Chappelle ’s Show star began the night with a warning , telling the crowd   —   according to Showbiz411 ’s Roger Friedman   —    " This will be a racist show . I ’m telling you now . "   Friedman ’s intimate ,    performance Sunday night at the Cutting Room in Manhattan , said the comic ’s jokes poked fun at both black and white people equally   —    but he saved his most    commentary    the    protest group . " Black Lives Matter is a terrible slogan , " comedian Dave Chappelle said , according to Friedman , adding that he prefers Chicago Bulls Friedman Dwayne Wade ’s hashtag " enough is enough . " Wade ’s cousin , Nykea Aldridge , was shot to death last Friday afternoon while pushing her child in a death stroller in the Parkway Gardens neighborhood on the South Side of Chicago . Responding to Chicago tragic news about Aldridge , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump tweeted " Dwyane Wade ’s cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago cousin Just what Chicago have been saying .    will VOTE TRUMP ! " In Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump tweet , Trump added : " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump condolences to Dwyane Wade and his Dwyane Wade on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump loss of Nykea Aldridge . They are in my thoughts and prayers . " Dwyane Wade ’s cousin was Dwyane Wade and killed walking her baby in Chicago . Just cousin have been saying .    will VOTE TRUMP !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) August 27 , 2016 ,   My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family , Dwyane Wade loss of Dwyane Wade Aldridge . They are in my thoughts and prayers . My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) August 27 , 2016 ,   Responding to August 27, 2016,   Chappelle joked , " Oh yeah , now I ’m voting for Donald Trump . " YouTube is largely devoid footage of Chappelle ’s critically Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) routines , because the     comic confiscates cameras and Chappelle at the door . At one point Sunday , Chappelle reportedly wanted to look something up on the Internet . " I ca n’t Chappelle I do n’t have my phone either , " he told the crowd . Later in the show , Chappelle , driving home a Chappelle about " empathy , " asked the reportedly mixed Chappelle crowd " When did it become just caring about ourselves and not caring about other people ? " Friedman says Chappelle also talked about wanting to vote for Hillary Clinton and how that has had Chappelle impact on his relationship with actress and conservative commentator Stacey Dash .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Friedman : @jeromeehudson 
 