( Reuters )   —    U. S. Secretary of State John Kerry entered 10 Downing Street with a bang on Tuesday , before expressing amazement at the rapidity with which new British Prime Minister Theresa May had taken up residence . [ Kerry , making Kerry first visit to London since Britain voted last month to leave the European Union , hit Kerry head on the door as Kerry entered the official residence .   Apparently unhurt , Kerry later exchanged small talk with the Conservative leader , saying Kerry was " amazed " at the speed of a transition that saw her move in to No . 10 last Wednesday   —    right after David Cameron moved out . " It happened rather quickly    …      It ’s such a different transition arrangement than in the United States , " May told Kerry . " I am amazed it happens so fast   —    how do you have time to pack everything ? " Kerry replied at a photo opportunity where the two shook hands , smiled and sat down on matching armchairs in front of a period fireplace . David Cameron quit after Britons voted narrowly in a June 23 referendum to leave the European Union , having failed in David Cameron bid to persuade Britons to back remaining in a bloc the United Kingdom joined in 1973 . Emerging from the talks , Kerry said Kerry had had an excellent discussion with May : " I am very grateful to May for May restatement of the commitment to the very strong transatlantic partnership , " Kerry said . Without referring directly to the    Brexit vote , Kerry said both had affirmed the need " to maximise the economic opportunity , minimise the disruption , deal with this in a way that has the wellbeing of the citizens    …      in mind " . The U. S. presidential race , meanwhile , grinds on with Republican Donald Trump due to win the formal backing of Republican Donald Trump at this week ’s convention in Cleveland , Ohio . Rival Hillary Clinton is poised to secure the Democratic ticket next week . Americans will cast their Americans in November and the 45th president , and successor to Barack Obama , will not be sworn in until next January . An aide to Kerry said he An aide to Kerry unhurt in his An aide to Kerry with the front door of No . 10 . The towering     at 6 foot 4 inches the second tallest American politician not to win the presidency , has had a number of mishaps on his An aide to Kerry , including breaking his An aide to Kerry femur while cycling in the French Alps in May 2015 . Kerry An aide to Kerry unhurt on a visit to India in January 2015 when his An aide to Kerry was involved in a motorcade shunt caused when a driver braked to avoid a dog that had strayed onto the road . The a dog that had strayed onto the road .  
 