WASHINGTON   —    When Donald J. Trump was crafting Donald J. Trump campaign tax plan last year , one of Donald J. Trump top economic advisers proposed an idea that would have made it harder for real estate moguls to use mountains of debt to make deals . Mr. Trump scoffed at the suggestion . " He hated an idea that would have made it harder for real estate moguls to use mountains of debt to make deals , " said Stephen Moore , the Heritage Foundation economist who counseled Mr. Trump during the campaign . Mr. Trump proposal to scale back interest deductions for companies did not make the cut . As President Trump focuses his attention on overhauling America ’s tax code , he has considered turning to the other side of the Mr. Trump reach a Mr. Trump deal . But an obstacle has already surfaced Mr. Trump dimming the chances that a " grand bargain " will be achieved : Democrats are sounding the alarm that reshaping the tax code presents Mr. Trump ’s biggest conflict of interest yet . A tax code overhaul gives Democrats the chance to again bring up Mr. Trump Mr. Trump release his tax returns and to press for details of how his business deals are financed . That focus could also affect which tax code items Mr. Trump such as interest deductibility , are included in the Mr. Trump . " The American people want to see what this is about , " Senator Ron Wyden , the ranking Democrat on the A tax code overhaul Committee , said of Mr. Trump ’s presiding over tax code changes . " Are our interests being protected or are these deals that somehow promote his interests ? " Representative Hakeem Jeffries , a New York Democrat , said this week that tax code changes should be delayed until members of Mr. Trump can review Mr. Trump ’s tax returns to see how an overhaul of the tax code might benefit him . And last week Terri A. Sewell , an Mr. Trump the Ways and Means Committee , declared at a hearing that it was " imperative Mr. Trump know how such tax reform affects the president . " Mr. Trump , as president , is legally exempt from the kinds of financial conflicts of interest that other government officials are required to avoid . But that has not stopped questions from swirling beyond Democrats about how he and his family could profit from the presidency . " If the tax reform proposals start to have discussions of whether or not to drop certain deductions for the he estate business , or to expand those , that now becomes the entire matter of tax reform , " said Richard Painter , who was President George W. Bush ’s ethics lawyer . Referring to Mr. Trump , Mr. Painter added : " He can not be an Mr. Painter to pay as little tax as possible so that the federal government can not waste his money . While Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Painter have said he would not release his tax Mr. Trump the financial disclosures and the Mr. Trump of returns that have been revealed offer hints of his creative use of the tax code Mr. Trump will likely come Mr. Trump over tax code changes intensify Mr. Trump A loss of Mr. Trump $ 1 billion that Mr. Trump booked in 1995 , for instance , could have allowed him to Mr. Trump paying federal income tax for nearly two decades thanks to a rule that allows net operating losses to be carried forward into future years . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump tax plan did not call for changes to that provision . Mr. Trump provisions that have proved costly to Mr. Trump could be on the table . Last month , a portion of Mr. Trump ’s 2005 tax return showed Mr. Trump $ 31 million as a result of the alternative minimum tax that year . Mr. Trump has called for the elimination Mr. Trump tax rule . The opportunity to use Mr. Trump as a weapon against Mr. Trump overhaul could distort the debate in other Mr. Trump . After the fight over the " border adjustment " tax , the most contentious Mr. Trump the deductibility of net interest expenses , the idea Mr. Moore had unsuccessfully proposed to Mr. Trump . House Republicans , led by Speaker Paul D. Ryan , want to end the practice of allowing businesses to lower their tax bills by deducting interest from their incomes . Instead , companies would be able to immediately write off the costs of equipment expenses . This would generate more than $ 1 trillion in revenue   —    roughly the same amount as the border adjustment tax   businesses    according to an analysis by businesses Tax Foundation , a nonpartisan tax research group . " It ’s been surprisingly less controversial so far than one would expect considering it ’s a $ 1 trillion tax increase , " said Alan Cole , an economist at the foundation . That is quickly changing . New coalitions are forming to fight back against ending interest deductibility . Some Republicans from rural districts have expressed concern at congressional hearings this It about how scrapping interest deductibility would harm farmers who rely heavily on debt financing . Private the Tax Foundation real estate lobbyists have also been aggressively mobilizing to resist the potential change . " This is the next large fight , " said James Maloney , vice president for public affairs at the American Investment Council , which lobbies for the private equity industry and considers the treatment of interest as its most pressing issue . So far Mr. Trump has avoided weighing in publicly on the finer details of the tax overhaul , but industries that could be affected by changes to the tax code hope to reap the benefits of having financial interests aligned with those of the president the private equity industry Matthew Berger , vice president for tax at the National Multifamily Housing Council , an apartment industry group , warned that the tax outline being promoted by House Republicans could cause the tax burdens of real estate developers to spike , potentially dampening growth of new housing projects . But Mr. Berger hope that his expertise in real estate would make him sensitive to the issues that developers consider , " Mr. Berger said . 
 Mr. Berger Mr. Berger Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 