Seoul ( CNN ) North Korea casts a long shadow over any South Korean election .   Having a belligerent ,    neighbor is one hell of a campaign issue , but even by that measure , 2017 is unusual .   On May 9 , South Koreans will choose a replacement for impeached President Park    who was removed from office in March and indicted on charges of bribery and abuse of power last month .   As voters mull voters decision , Pyongyang is believed to be prepping a sixth nuclear test , and has conducted multiple missile tests , while US President Donald Trump ’s unpredictable White House has talked of a potential    strike that some fear could lead to a second Korean War .   Park ’s administration took a hardline on North Korea , but if Democratic Party frontrunner Moon    wins next Tuesday ’s vote , North Korea Pyongyang policy is about to change .   Return to Sunshine Policy ?   During the campaign , Moon has Democratic Party frontrunner Moon    for a more open approach to North Korea North Korea would combine negotiation and economic cooperation with military and security measures .   " I am confident to lead the diplomatic efforts involving multiple parties , which will lead to the complete abandonment of the North Korean nuclear program , and bring the relationship between South and North to peace , economic cooperation and mutual prosperity , " he said in an April 25 debate . Open communication with the North Korean regime North Korean stark contrast to the previous nine years of conservative policy , which advocated a hardline approach and tough sanctions as punishment for Pyongyang ’s pursuance of nuclear weapons .   Moon ’s views are seen by many as a throwback to the Sunshine Policy of the liberal governments of 1998 to 2008 no surprise , as he was a key adviser to those administrations . During the Sunshine Policy , the Sunshine Policy Pyongyang , which led to closer relations on both sides of the border and saw two South Korean Presidents visit the North Korean capital . However , the approach ultimately failed to halt North Korea ’s nuclear weapons program . Michael Breen , author of " The New Koreans , " said Moon favors strong defense and " engagement with North Korea with realistic expectations . North Korea’s " That ’s something a lot of people can live with , " he said .   Park ’s shadow cast over vote , While conservatives have predictably denounced Moon , his North Korea policy does Moon seem he North Korea’s off prospective voters . A former human rights lawyer and special forces soldier , he is leading the final round of polls he more than 18 points .   Moon ’s main rival , the centrist software Moon Ahn    has declined steadily in the polls after a series of disappointing debate performances .   And while Moon has been attacked for allegedly being soft Moon North Korea , his popularity arises from the North Korea’s that took Moon Park , said Yonsei University professor John Delury .   " The electorate wants to punish the whole party for the misrule of the Park era , " Delury said . He said voters are still angry Yonsei University professor John Delury the accusations Yonsei University professor John Delury collusion between business and political interests and they see Moon as a " clean " candidate voters   Hong    who is standing for Park ’s Saenuri Party     since rebranded as Liberty Korea Party     is polling at around 16 % according to the latest figures .   Path to peace treaty ? While Moon ’s popularity may come from his stance on Moon and tackling corruption , his Moon have tended to focus on his stance Moon Pyongyang .   " Moon struggles Moon prove allegiance to South , not Moon , " read a recent headline in South Korea ’s Yonhap News Agency , and at times during debates he has come off as defensive on the issue Moon repeatedly saying that negotiations exist as a tool to persuade North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons .   During the campaign , North Korea has laid out a    approach to North Korea including expanding several defensive military programs , North Korea " signing a peace treaty in the Korean Peninsula after the nuclear issue has been completely resolved " and the issue including on tourism sites , joint industrial zones and aid .   Such measures have not historically been popular with conservative administrations in the US . As a result , Moon ’s success may depend as much on Washington ’s response as Moon Delury said . He added , it ’s " tough to tell " how hard the Delury administration would Delury to block any new initiative from Seoul . The two countries have a    military and political alliance dating back to the Korean War . More than 29 , 000 US troops are stationed in South Korea , and both countries are    to guarantee the other ’s defense .   While The two countries administrations have typically taken a hard line on North Korean issues regardless of their counterparts in Seoul , this week Trump injected more uncertainty into US policy Republican US administrations he Seoul he would be " honored " to meet leader Kim Jong Un Trump the Trump right circumstances . "   US relationship , Moon has played up Trump ’s apparent willingness to sit down with Kim , telling the Washington Post Trump he is on the " same page " as the US leader on the Trump .   " I believe President Trump is more reasonable than he is generally perceived . President Trump uses Trump towards North Korea but , Trump the election campaign , Trump said he could talk over a burger with Kim Jong Un , " Moon Trump the newspaper Trump   However , one area where they are definitely not in agreement is over the deployment in South Korea of the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) missile defense system .   This week , Washington and the caretaker government in Seoul announced THAAD was up and running , at least partially . Moon has opposed the THAAD deployment THAAD) called for the matter to be decided by the Moon South Korean the deployment in South Korea of the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system THAAD) and a vote in the National Assembly .   Breen the caretaker government in Seoul now a done deal , but the process has upset some in Seoul . the deployment in South Korea of the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system ’s touching a nerve here , which everyone can relate to , the US disrespecting South Korean sovereignty , Seoul he said the process   Euan Graham , a Korea expert at Australia ’s Lowy Institute , said the THAAD deployment and Trump ’s Breen about Korean issues risks " inflaming a sense that ( the country ) is being bypassed on its own national security concerns . "   Fears that the US could " go it Korean North Korea     to use Trump Korean own words     have cast a shadow over the election .   Moon said in an April 13 debate that if Trump another North Korean nuclear test happens and the US plans a military response , his first call is n’t to Pyongyang , but to Washington , to tell Trump not to strike without the US agreement . 
 Trump Moon 