  ( CNN ) Democrats easily defeated Republicans    in the 2017 Congressional Baseball Game , in an annual tradition that has taken on renewed importance in the wake of Wednesday ’s shooting in Alexandria , Virginia . One day after a gunman opened fire at a Republican congressional baseball practice , shooting House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and three others , lawmakers took the field Thursday evening at Nationals Park in Washington . The annual Congressional Baseball Game pits Republicans against Democrats , but this year the focus has turned to showing unity in the wake of the shooting . Interest in the charity baseball game has skyrocketed in the aftermath of the shooting , as staffers and lawmakers look to rally around Scalise and the three others who were shot : a congressional staffer , a lobbyist and a Capitol Police special agent . At the end of the the charity baseball game Democratic manager Pennsylvania Rep. Mike Doyle was presented the winning trophy , he called Democratic manager Pennsylvania Rep. Mike Doyle manager Texas Rep. Joe Barton to join him . Democratic manager Pennsylvania Rep. Mike Doyle gave Democratic manager Pennsylvania Rep. Mike Doyle winning the winning trophy the Republicans to put in Scalise ’s office . There were 24 , 959 tickets sold , which was a record for the game that was first played in 1909 . More than $ 1 million has been raised this year for Congressional Sports for Charity . Ivanka Trump , joined by Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and her two eldest children Arabella and Joseph Kushner , presented a $ 50 , 000 check from " Friends in the Trump Administration " to " Congressional Sports for Charity Congressional Sports for Charity .   The game raised about $ 500 , the game charity last year , according to spokeswoman Meredith Raimondi . Pushing that message of unity were the House leaders Speaker Paul Ryan and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , who told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront " that CNN party affiliation they were both on " Team Scalise . party affiliation Congressional baseball practice shooting : What we know about the victims , Former New York Yankees manager Joe Torre presented the game ball to Capitol Police special agent David Bailey , who came out on the field on crutches after being injured in Wednesday ’s shooting , to throw out the first pitch to huge applause . President Donald Trump sent a video message to the game , highlighting Scalise who remains in critical condition on Thursday after several surgeries . " By playing tonight , you are showing the world that we will not be intimidated by threats , acts of violence , or assaults on our democracy , " Trump said . " The game will go President Donald Trump . " The the game released additional seating in at the stadium to accommodate the demand . Instead of wearing hats representing their home teams , as is the normal tradition Instead of wearing hats representing their home teams players on both teams wore Louisiana State University hats in honor of Scalise , a Louisiana Republican , for part of the game . Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona , the game at Wednesday ’s practice and gave medical help after the shooting , said it would have " been awful " if the game had been canceled , and said Scalise would the game to go on . " I hope he ’s in it enough shape to watch , because he Scalise certainly feel good about what he sees , " Scalise said . " I was there Scalise the hospital last night , and I hope he ’s doing better today . It ’s a long road Scalise him . " RELATED : Here ’s how to watch the Scalise Baseball Game , Rep. Cedric Richmond of Louisiana was the Democrats’ star pitcher , and a close friend of Scalise ’s . The two have enjoyed a    ribbing over the game , which Republicans won last year to break a    Democratic win streak . " I ’ll miss the banter with him back and forth , but I ’m sure there ’s some substitutes over there I can go pick a fight with , " Richmond told reporters . " It ’ll be a different game Rep. Cedric Richmond of Louisiana him there . " But Flake said the final score was him likely to matter this year . " As far as winning and losing , I think that ’s far from anybody ’s mind right now , " he said . 
 him 