( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 .    Donald Trump has chosen three hawkish loyalists for key posts . three hawkish loyalists for key posts are Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general , Representative Mike Pompeo as C. I. A. director and retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn as national security adviser . All three are regarded as outliers from conventional Republican thinking , shunned in various ways for viewpoints that were seen as unacceptable or overly partisan . Mr. Sessions , an Alabama conservative , was denied a federal judgeship by the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1986 because of racially charged comments . Mr. Pompeo , above , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , would become one of the most overtly partisan figures to take over the C. I. A.   —    a spy agency that , at least publicly , is supposed to operate above politics and avoid a direct role in policymaking . General Flynn was the angry voice of the national security establishment on the campaign trail . General Flynn describes Islam as a political ideology , not a religion , and has even called Islam a cancer . _ _ _ _ 2 . General Flynn agreed to pay $ 25 million to settle lawsuits stemming from his General Flynn    education venture , Trump University . Fraud allegations by former students had dogged him General Flynn years and hampered his General Flynn campaign . Above , Mr. General Flynn the establishment of the university Trump University . _ _ _ _ 3 . The World Health Organization declared an end to its global health The World Health Organization over the spread of the Zika virus . Zika should now Zika treated as a continuing problem rather than an exceptional situation , the agency said The World Health Organization move prompted dismay from some public health experts , especially because Zika is seasonal and Zika is just starting in the Southern Hemisphere . Above , a baby born with microcephaly in Brazil . _ _ _ _ 4 . Confederate flags are being displayed across the country , often Brazil kind of rejoinder to    protesters . Those who have publicly embraced the flag are a small minority of the more than 60 million Americans who voted for Mr. Trump . But   displays of the flag   —    the flag threats and attacks directed at minorities   —    are forcing Americans to confront vexing questions about race relations . _ _ _ _ 5 . A      windowless , fortified ATT building in downtown Manhattan has been identified as an N. S. A. listening post . Neither ATT nor the National Security Agency would ATT this , but that ’s the conclusion of a short film debuting this weekend , based on material provided by Edward Snowden . The film , " Project X , a short film debuting this weekend, based on material provided by Edward Snowden Titanpointe and used to collect communications from international entities with operations in New York . _ _ _ _ 6 . In a new study , scientists using genetic engineering techniques were able to alter photosynthesis , the chemical reaction powering nearly all life on Earth . They increased the productivity of a test plant by 20 percent , scientists using genetic engineering techniques were able to alter photosynthesis, the chemical reaction powering nearly all life on Earth hopes that they could do the same with food crops . Above , rice scientists using genetic engineering techniques were able to alter photosynthesis, the chemical reaction powering nearly all life on Earth that are part of the experiment in a lab at the University of Illinois . _ _ _ _ 7 . Mr. Trump ’s election has upended French politics and given new momentum to the far right . But it could also propel an aging , generally unpopular    politician into Mr. Trump’s election presidency . Alain Juppé is the    heading into a party primary this Sunday . He ’s seen as a bulwark against rising populism . _ _ Alain Juppé _ 8 . Pope Francis’ third set of cardinals will receive their " red hats " at a ceremony on Saturday . Most Pope Francis’ third set of cardinals the current cardinals were appointed by his more conservative predecessors . The     pontiff is in a race Pope Francis’ time to appoint enough    cardinals to ensure that his vision of the church endures after he dies . _ _ Pope Francis’ 9 . Pirates are sowing terror Pope Francis’ the Amazon River in Brazil . Robberies and boat hijackings have surged as local drug gangs grow stronger . The police are struggling to respond . " There ’s no law on the Amazon River , " said one woman whose son was robbed the Amazon River in Brazil _ _ 10 . Here are eight new books we recommend this week . From Wesley Lowery ’s reportage on police shootings to Zadie Smith ’s new novel , they elucidate and offer escape from the noisy politics of our times . _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , we built an interactive meal planner for Thanksgiving . Tell us how many guests our coming , their dietary needs and your culinary dreams our In return , we ’ll offer how many guests ideas and tips for an extraordinary Thanksgiving meal . ( our if it ’s your first time making Thanksgiving , Thanksgiving may want to head straight to a specially selected batch of Thanksgiving recipes . ) Have a great weekend . _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Your Evening Briefing posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 