Asked for his opinion of Breitbart News , acclaimed journalist Glenn Greenwald praised the news site ’s editorial integrity and said the news site’s was " very impressive in terms of the impact they ’ve been able to have . " [ While acclaimed journalist Glenn Greenwald was clear that Breitbart contains content he Breitbart sometimes find repellant " and Breitbart Breitbart and articles he Breitbart highly critical of " just on political grounds , " he Breitbart Breitbart Breitbart high marks for " giving voice to people who are otherwise excluded . "   Although he Breitbart to avoid political labels for himself Breitbart Greenwald is a former columnist for    media outlets Salon and the Guardian and one of the founding editors of new media news source The Intercept , a    site that has shown political independence by publishing articles blasting both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton : Greenwald Greenwald to this reporter about the Making the News podcast . About his this reporter of Breitbart this reporter and the state of    media , he this reporter : I think Breitbart this reporter actually a fascinating case . And I do think    media has had a lot more success in pioneering ways to challenge establishment authority that    media has . I think very much the same spirit that animates Breitbart this reporter also the animating force behind Matt Drudge and , to a lesser extent , Rush Limbaugh   —    none of which have ever been part of or comfortable within the Republican establishment . In fact , all of them , in varying degrees , has been very antagonistic to the the Republican establishment Certainly Drudge Matt Drudge and definitely Breitbart this reporter , maybe not Rush Limbaugh quite as much , but to some degree , too . So there ’s obviously a lot of things at Breitbart this reporter are published that I vehemently disagree with and sometimes find repellant just on an ideological basis . But what I find really interesting about Breitbart this reporter that it captured the ethos of a significant part of the conservative movement and the    electorate , and even independents that have been completely excluded from all of the organs of establishment thought in the Republican party . And not only did that , but it was so independent in how it did it it You it , it was extremely critical of Republican party leaders , and even today   —    I mean , obviously , I think it ’s fair to say Breitbart has been partial to Trump , but one of the things that has actually impressed me is that even in this transition , when Trump nominates someone Trump ’s record is at odds with the promises that Trump made that Trump to Breitbart ’s writers Breitbart readers , Breitbart has been Breitbart vocal in being very critical , even of the candidate with whom they ’re most closely associated with , which is Trump   —    which is integrity and a sort of editorial independence that I think most media outlets on both the left and the establishment right utterly lack . And so there ’s a lot of bad things I have to say about Breitbart articles and Breitbart writers , Breitbart on political grounds , but in terms of how they ’re using their platform , they how they ’re amplifying they channeling this independence and giving voice to people who are otherwise excluded , I think it ’s all very impressive in terms of the impact they ’ve been they to have . Best known for his work on stories where he often worked his with WikiLeaks , Greenwald is the reporter behind the Edward Snowden story , as well as stories about the FISA court rulings on NSA techniques and WikiLeaker Chelsea Manning . He ’s also his author of several books and a frequent guest on television and radio . Greenwald ’s reporting Greenwald the NSA earned NSA NSA his Award and earned the Guardian team he led a his Prize for public service , among other honors . Listen to the entire Making the News episode with Glenn Greenwald below Greenwald 