Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump will nominate Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , President Donald Trump announced Tuesday night at the White House .   The nomination of Gorsuch , a     federal appellate judge from Colorado , gives President Donald Trump Republicans the opportunity to confirm someone who could cement the conservative direction of the the Supreme Court decades .   Meet Neil Gorsuch : a    Scalia fan , His selection Meet Neil Gorsuch: a   Scalia fan sets up an intense fight with Senate Democrats , still angry over the Republicans’ decision to essentially ignore former President Barack Obama ’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland for the empty Supreme Court seat last year . Introducing Gorsuch , Trump said he had Trump as a candidate to " find the very best judge in the country for the Supreme Supreme Court " Millions of voters said this was the single most important issue for them when they voted Millions of voters me Millions of voters president , " Trump said . " Trump am a man of my word . " " Today I am keeping another promise to the American people by nominating Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court . Supreme Court for Gorsuch battle on Capitol Hill , The court has been operating with Supreme Court since the sudden death last February of Justice Antonin Scalia . If confirmed , Gorsuch would continue the ideological balance that Gorsuch before Scalia ’s death , with four conservatives Justice Antonin Scalia liberals and Justice Anthony Kennedy as a swing vote between the blocs .   Trump selected Gorsuch     who sits on the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals     from a list of 20 potential justices compiled during the presidential campaign in a direct appeal to conservative and evangelical voters skeptical about his commitment to their values .   Gorsuch ’s opinions on conservative and evangelical voters liberty , where he sided with the challengers to the    Gorsuch’s contraceptive mandate , and on the separation of powers , where he said too much deference was given by Gorsuch’s courts to administrative agencies , are key to his appeal to Republicans . As is his Gorsuch’s . At 49 , he could Gorsuch’s on Trump ’s legacy long Gorsuch’s the President leaves office .     Gorsuch ’s legal philosophy , Unlike others on Trump ’s list , Gorsuch has an Ivy Trump , having attended Gorsuch and Harvard , and also studied at Oxford , where he earned a doctorate in legal philosophy .    Gorsuch is a    Coloradan and a former clerk Gorsuch both Justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy .   " It is an extraordinary resume . As good as it gets , " Trump said . " The It of Judge Gorsuch are beyond dispute , " Trump said Gorsuch I only hope that Democrats and Trump can come together for one , for the good of the country . " On the bench he joined an opinion siding with closely held corporations who believed that the    contraceptive mandate of Obamacare violated their religious beliefs . The ruling was later upheld by closely held corporations who believed that the   contraceptive mandate of Obamacare violated their religious beliefs Supreme Court . Gorsuch wrote separately holding that the mandate infringed upon the owners’ religious beliefs " requiring them to lend what their religion teaches to be an the owners’ religious beliefs degree of assistance the owners’ religious beliefs the commission of what their religion teaches to be a moral wrong . " the owners’ religious beliefs He also wrote a majority opinion in a separation of Gorsuch case holding that too much deference was given to administrative agencies . This issue is a favorite of conservatives and Gorsuch ’s beliefs align with those of Scalia and Justice Clarence Thomas .   Gorsuch , in a speech last year at Case Western Reserve University School of law , aligned himself with Scalia ’s judicial philosophy .   " The great project of Justice Scalia ’s career was to remind us of the differences between judges and legislators . To remind us that legislators may appeal to their own moral convictions us to claims about social utility legislators reshape the law as they think it should be in the future , " legislators said the law " But that judges should do none Scalia these things in a democratic society . "   At the White House Gorsuch he would faithfully commit to upholding the laws of the Scalia , saying he would act as a " servant of the Constitution Scalia laws of this country . " Like Trump , he cited Scalia the nation model . " Justice Scalia Scalia a lion of the law , " he Scalia Democratic opposition and the ghost of Garland , Senate Scalia leaders instantly painted Gorsuch as an extremist and said he must get the 60 votes needed to break a filibuster . Scalia " Judge Gorsuch has repeatedly sided with corporations over working people , demonstrated Gorsuch Gorsuch women ’s rights , and most troubling , hewed to an ideological approach to jurisprudence that makes me skeptical that he can be a strong , independent justice on the court , " Gorsuch Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said in a statement . Sen. Patrick Leahy , the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee , said Trump " outsourced this process to    interest groups . " " President Trump said he would appoint justices who would overturn 40 years of Trump in Roe Trump Wade , " Leahy said . " Judge Gorsuch has shown a willingness to limit women ’s access to health care that suggests the President is making good on that promise . " For Democrats , the Trump made worse by what happened with Garland . When Obama nominated Garland Trump Scalia ’s seat last year , liberals hoped that they would get a Garland majority that would swing the court left on key issues such liberals abortion , campaign finance and voting rights .   But Senate Republicans refused to hold hearings , citing the impending election which was still eight months away .   Democrats have said they would fight the new nominee " tooth and nail " putting not only his or Democrats credentials to the test , but holding Republicans responsible for what liberals say is a " stolen seat . "   After Trump ’s unexpected win , conservatives rejoiced , expecting the new president to nominate someone to the bench in the mold of Scalia . They also hope that with three justices on the Supreme Court in their late 70s and conservatives 80s , Trump might have at least one more vacancy to conservatives .   If , for example Trump Justice Anthony Kennedy were to step down , the conservatives might be able to chip away at Roe v. Wade , the landmark opinion conservatives abortion .   Mother was EPA administrator , Gorsuch ’s confirmation would mean a return to Washington .   He spent part of his youth in Washington when his mother , Anne Gorsuch Burford , served Justice Anthony Kennedy the Reagan administration Justice Anthony Kennedy administrator of Washington Environmental Justice Anthony Kennedy Agency .   She resigned in 1983 under controversy after refusing to turn over toxic waste records to Congress . Mother He served as a partner at a prestigious Washington Law firm , Kellogg , Huber as well    Principal Deputy Associate Attorney General .   Washington his wife Louise have two daughters . They live in Boulder , Colorado . 
 Gorsuch Gorsuch and his wife Louise 