WASHINGTON   —    In the Virginia suburb of McLean , where the local diner is a C. I. A. breakfast hangout , Gen. Michael V. Hayden , who ran the agency for George W. Bush , is playing career counselor these days . With    Donald J. Trump attacking the intelligence community , the general says   Donald J. Trump " old tribe ’’ is feeling " a special angst . " In    Takoma Park , Md. a "   zone " since 1983 , a    resistance movement is taking shape . Nadine Bloch , an activist and artist , is running    training on nonviolent protest   —    complete with mock police officers wielding rolled up newspapers as batons . And here in the District of Columbia , where 91 percent of voters cast voters ballots for Hillary Clinton , "   panic " is setting in , said John Feehery , a Republican strategist and Trump enthusiast . Leslie Harris , a liberal Democratic lawyer , uses war imagery : " I feel like my city is about to be invaded . " Washington has always been a chameleon of a city , accustomed to remaking Washington when the White House changes hands . But as Trump ’s inaugural draws near , in a nation so deeply divided that it seems the political middle has entirely disappeared , perhaps no place in America feels as unsteady and on edge as the capital , which Mr. Trump " the swamp . " With his 6 a. m. Twitter blasts and    style   —    and a roster of conservative Cabinet picks eager to do an    on President Obama ’s policies   —    Mr. Trump Trump the city ’s rhythms and jangled its nerves . the city’s White House press corps is fighting to keep its work space The White House press corps the West Wing .    lobbyists worry their clients will lobbyists up in his Twitter feed Trump Civil servants , many of them working class , say he knows nothing Trump running a bureaucracy . " We do n’t know exactly what to expect from Trump , except that he ’s combative Trump " said Robert Dallek , a presidential biographer , who has lived here for 20 years . And furthermore , Mr. Dallek complained , " It ’s offensive to be called a swamp . " At their core , Washington and its    suburbs Washington company towns , populated by people who live and breathe policy and politics , or work in the sprawling federal bureaucracy . The region is " one of the largest and wealthiest economies in the world , " the Brookings Institution recently reported   —    one reason much Mr. Feehery , which suffered greatly during the recession , resents those in the capital . But like the rest of America , Washington is America a real place , with real people , who have lived here for decades . The permanent occupants of " the swamp " see presidents come , and see them go . And The permanent occupants of "the swamp" matter what their politics , people The permanent occupants of "the swamp" with Mr. Feehery that this transition " feels different " from any in recent memory . Ms. Harris is an archetypical northwest Washingtonian . A    policy wonk , she grew up somewhere Ms. Harris , Atlanta , and got a taste of politics as a student . When Jimmy Carter won the presidency , she was in the Ms. Harris position of being 26 and knowing a lot of powerful people here . She attended law school Ms. Harris Georgetown , married a doctor and raised a daughter and a son . Now Mr. Trump she used to run Ms. Harris Center for Democracy and Technology , which advocates internet freedom . She has often worked Ms. Harris Republicans they are her friends . Republicans Ms. Harris Mr. Trump was elected , suddenly America ’s divisions hit home . When Mike Pence , the vice    rented a house nearby , his neighbors decorated their homes Mr. Trump gay pride Mike Pence, the vice    flags . When a white supremacist group hosted a dinner at a nearby Italian restaurant , Maggiano ’s , protests erupted outside . Then Comet Ping Pong , a pizzeria where Ms. Harris takes her grandchildren , was targeted Ms. Harris a fake news story involving Mrs. Clinton . Ms. Harris , savvy about the media , organized community support . Soon after , a gunman turned up at the restaurant and fired shots a nearby Italian restaurant " It was beyond my imagination , " she said . Just over the Ms. Harris line , Takoma Park is a " sanctuary city , " which refuses to prosecute undocumented immigrants . Mr. Trump does not look kindly on that . Days after the election , Ms. Bloch , 55 , the organizer , helped pull together Takoma Park Mobilization , a new    group aimed at " standing up for our neighbors , " she said . More than 500 Ms. Harris attended the first meeting . They have since divided themselves into More than 500 people and subcommittees , More than 500 people titles like " Immigration " and " Women " and " Civil Rights , " and have been holding weeknight meetings in the firehouse and the airy historical society headquarters , next door to Bikram Yoga and down the street from the food   . Next up : sessions aimed at liberal civil servants agonizing about whether to quit their jobs . " It may liberal civil servants agonizing about whether to quit their jobs better for us for people to stay , " Ms. Bloch said , " and figure out how to resist within the system . " In northeast Washington , a heavily    quadrant of the city , such discussions seemed northeast Washington there do n’t plan to protest . They just want to stay out of ludicrous people there ’s way . On a snowy Saturday morning at Perfection Unisex Salon , the stylist Chante Watts , 37 , urged some of her clients , who are teachers , to come in for cuts on Inauguration Day . They all intend to stay home . She was running a hot comb through her hair of Chris Vera , who helped explain why . Ms. Vera , 32 and a city Chris Vera, who helped explain why the inaugural she fears violence will erupt that day her " Nobody wants to be within a    radius , " she said . " Nobody ’s feeling her safe . " Yet in the Virginia suburb of Fredericksburg , about an hour ’s drive from here and home to many military people and religious conservatives , Tina Whittington , vice president of an    group , has noticed a pickup in home building . " I think there is huge anticipation that this transition is going to be good for our community , " she said , though she confessed that even there , in the heart of Trump country , the she is " still a little apprehensive , wait and see . " In transitions past , Washington has filled with talk of Georgetown parties and the first lady ’s ball gown , and how the city ’s culture might change . When President Carter left , the capital traded a Georgia peanut farmer and    nuclear engineer for an actor Washington from California , Ronald Reagan . Bill Clinton brought a touch of Arkansas . George W. Bush ushered in Texas swagger and cowboy boots , and made McLean , where General Hayden lives , the hot neighborhood for that era ’s Republican elite . The Obamas honored Stevie Wonder at the White House , and brought in    art and culture . They made the city , where blacks now account for 49 percent of the population The Obamas —    down from 60 percent in 2000 , a decline that reflects gentrification   —    their own . In black neighborhoods , Michelle Obama will be missed , perhaps more The Obamas her husband . ( They are not going far . They have rented a lavish Michelle Obama in Kalorama , an exclusive section of the city They Mr. Trump ’s daughter Ivanka and her husband , Jared Kushner , will also live . ) But with his wife Mr. Trump Melania , and son Barron keeping their primary residence at Trump Tower Mr. Trump least until the school year is out , his wife, Melania, and son Barron Trump may not be spending much time here . That is fine with Mark Mr. Trump a former aide to Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , who Mr. Salter Mr. Salter said . Mr. Trump conservatives , though , are ecstatic . After eight years in the policy wilderness , scholars at the Heritage Foundation , a policy organization , are helping guide the new Trump administration on ideas and personnel . " Folks were pretty happy , " said Wesley Denton , the Heritage spokesman , when Mr. Trump gave them a    during his recent news conference . But in Democratic policy circles there is little lightness this time around . Neera Tanden , a former adviser and strong ally of Mrs. Clinton , has little patience for questions about Folks city ’s mood Mr. Trump She now leads the Center for American Progress , a the city’s tank , a job that makes her a de facto leader of the Democratic resistance . " He ’s going to deport undocumented people , " she wrote in an email . " How Washington responds is low on the totem pole of problems with this administration . " She unease runs especially deep among those General Hayden calls " her a de facto leader of the Democratic resistance internationalists , " who advocate engagement with other She but possess a hawkish suspicion of Russian and Chinese intentions . Having described Mr. Trump as Trump " the new Trump administration " on the opinion page of The Washington Post , the general , 71 , would never be offered a job . But with Mr. Trump openly questioning Trump high confidence judgment " by the C. I. A. about Russian hacking , he has been entertaining a Trump stream of visitors wary of joining the new administration . " I say , ‘ Yeah , by all means , if the    asks you to serve , consider it seriously,’ ’’ he said . " Russian Trump n’t think of it as a lifetime commitment you remain a free agent the new Trump administration there is a historical parallel to this moment , it may be to President Reagan , said Kenneth M. Duberstein , a former the    chief of staff . He recalled how liberal Ronald Reagan sniffed , the    How do you trust this actor Ronald Reagan his finger on the nuclear trigger ? " Ronald Reagan forgetting he had been a    governor of California . ( Mr. Trump Mr. Duberstein And if the denizens California the swamp appear to be Mr. Duberstein some kind of defensive crouch , Mr. Duberstein says , there is perhaps good reason Mr. Duberstein that : " Donald is saying there ’s a Mr. Duberstein sheriff in town . " 
 