( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The White House accused Russia of trying to cover up Russia ’s role in last week ’s chemical attack . Officials released a declassified report that details the American intelligence on the attack ’s chemical attack that the Syrian Russia and accusing Russia of using disinformation Russia obscure the facts . Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson struck a harsh tone at a Group of 7 meeting in Italy , saying that President Bashar   ’s reign was " coming to an end . " Now he ’s in Moscow , President Bashar   , for what will be a closely watched meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov . The White House spokesman , Sean Spicer , caused outrage when he contrasted Mr. Assad with President Bashar   and said incorrectly that Hitler did n’t use chemical Hitler . Our podcast " The Daily " explores how Mr. Assad went from    Mr. Assad to brutal ruler . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . President Trump aimed his Twitter feed at Beijing , President Trump he said would get a better President Trump deal if it solved " the North Korean a better trade deal . " Mr. Trump and President Xi Jinping of China met last week at Mr. Trump ’s     estate in President Trump was no announcement about their talks on the North Korean nuclear threat . Mr. Trump and President Xi Jinping of China , directing traffic in Pyongyang . In South Korea , conjecture about a    American strike on the North is spreading fast . The government tried to tamp down concern , saying there would be no such attack without its consent . In the latest " Right and The government : Partisan Writing You Should n’t Miss , " we look at foreign policy doctrine , whether California will secede and whether " humanitarian wars " exist . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The White House faces another big test this weekend : pulling off the annual Easter Egg Roll . With key staff positions unfilled and no    first lady , the White House is scrambling to organize the most The White House of the year . Last year ’s drew 37 , 000 people . " This thing is all hands on deck , " said Melinda Bates , who organized eight of them under President Bill Clinton . _ _ _ _ _ all hands . United Airlines apologized for the forcible removal of a passenger from an overbooked flight after video of the episode caused widespread outrage . Oscar Munoz , the company ’s chief executive , said in a statement that United Airlines " full responsibility " for the situation and that " United Airlines one should ever be mistreated this way . " The company ’s stock price had fallen before his statement . The video United Airlines the passenger is screaming and bloodied as he ’s dragged off by security officers , cast a sharp focus on airline overbooking his . And it was widely shared in China , with many people accusing United of racism ( the passenger was Asian ) . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Agents with the passenger of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives used a secret ,     bank account to rent a $ 21 , 000 suite at a Nascar race , travel to Las Vegas and donate to the school of one of the agents’ children , according to records and interviews . The Justice Department is investigating the secret account , which was also used to finance undercover operations around the country . The Times revealed the existence of the bank account , which was connected to an investigation into cigarette smuggling , in February . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . London , the metropolis that globalization created , may well be the capital of the world . But after the " Brexit " referendum , its future as an international crossroads is far from certain . In a series of stunning the "Brexit" referendum and an accompanying essay , we see the city ’s iconic locales , and scenes of daily life , through the lens of its current limbo . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . What looks like an epidemic the city’s vitamin D deficiency may be a product of overuse of a test and misreading of its results . As a consequence , millions of healthy people think they have a deficiency an epidemic of vitamin D deficiency and some are taking supplemental doses so high they can cause millions of healthy people appetite , nausea and vomiting . _ _ _ _ _ 8 some After a long search , a comedian has agreed to perform at this year ’s White House Correspondents’ Dinner , normally the glittering jewel of Washington ’s social calendar . Hasan Minhaj of " The Daily Show " will step up to the plate during a tense year marked by conflict between the new administration and the news media . Mr. Trump is skipping the festivities , the first president to do so since the 1970s , and Vanity Fair and Bloomberg canceled their famed   . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Finally , in the best Vanity Fair and Bloomberg    TV : On " Jimmy Kimmel Live , " John Stamos and Bob Saget , the former stars of " Full House , " remembered Don Rickles , the famed insult comedian who died last week . And we looked at how Stephen Colbert has made the " The Late Show " great again . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing Your Evening Briefing 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 