This week on Boston ’s AM680 WKRO ’s " The Kuhner Report , " Republican presidential    Donald Trump told host Jeff Kuhner Republican presidential   Donald Trump thought Republican presidential   Donald Trump can win the states of New York , Pennsylvania , Ohio , Florida and Massachusetts in the general presidential election against the Democratic    Hillary Clinton .     Donald Trump said , " They say that if I run against the Democratic   Hillary Clinton it will be the single greatest turnout in our country for voting . A lot of those people are going to vote for   Donald Trump because A lot of those people are tired of the system . That ’s why A lot of those people never voted before . A lot of those people are tired of the system . And I think that ’s right . I think I ’m going to win places   —    I have a chance at winning New York , which the Republicans do n’t even think about . And New New York very big    …      I mean I think I ’ll win Pennsylvania . I think I ’ll win Ohio . I think I ’ll win Florida . I think we do great . And all the polls have me leading the various people like , you know , Kasich is the governor of Ohio and Ohio ’m ’m ahead of him in Kasich — Ohio you know , in the poll . " He continued Kasich " If you look at Bush and you look at Rubio , I ’m ’m ahead of them both you look at Bush and you look at Rubio Florida . Florida was a governor and one was a senator , and I ’m ’m ahead . So I think we are going to win a lot of states that nobody had in mind . I think we are we to win a lot of people . I think a lot of Democrats are going to cross over because you know they may a lot of Democrats Democrats but they are a lot of Democrats and tired of what ’s going on in the country . " When asked specifically about New York Trump said , " You know I ’m liked in New York . They respect specifically about New York Trump . I think I ’ll do very well in New York New York do n’t think Hillary is particularly liked in New York . New York I ’ll win states that they were specifically about New York Trump counting on winning . Your electoral college will be much different then you would think . " He added , " Your electoral college had a 52 percent poll number against the other Republicans , which is unbelievably high . I think I can win Massachusetts . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 