He deemed BuzzFeed News " a failing pile of garbage , " mocked an inquiry about He tax returns   —    " Gee , I ’ve never heard that one before "   —    and , in an    moment for a presidential news conference , shouted down questions from a CNN reporter , declaring , with some menace , " Not you . " " Your organization is terrible , " said    Donald J. Trump ,   Donald J. Trump voice rising as Jim Acosta of CNN tried to interject . " No , I ’m not going to give you a question . I ’m not going to give you a question . " " You , " the    said , as Mr. Acosta and other stunned journalists looked on , " are fake news . " Any hope that   Donald J. Trump would temper his   Donald J. Trump on the news media after the campaign seemed to dissipate in the marble atrium of Trump Tower on Wednesday , as the    holding his   Donald J. Trump news conference since July , turned a controversy over his   Donald J. Trump to Russia into a deft and unrelenting attack on the journalists who reported it . It it a spectacle that attracted nearly 300 reporters to Midtown Manhattan   —    the news conference was carried live in Australia , England and Germany   —    and it came against an extraordinary backdrop : reports that intelligence officials had briefed Mr. Trump on a document alleging collusion between the Russian government and his Mr. Trump . CNN broke the news on Tuesday but declined to publish specific allegations , saying its CNN could not verify them specific allegations BuzzFeed News published the unverified claims in full , a move that prompted an ethical debate in journalistic circles   —    and offered Mr. Trump an opening . " The fact that BuzzFeed and CNN CNN the decision to run with this unsubstantiated claim is a sad and pathetic attempt to get clicks , " the incoming White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , said , inaccurately lumping the two news organizations together . But the result was classic Trump : Not only did he Trump: Not the norms of presidential engagement with the news media , snubbing organizations because of an unflattering story , but he Trump: Not had elements of a frustrated political press corps warring with one another . Immediately after the news conference , CNN defended its CNN and drew a sharp distinction between its CNN story and " BuzzFeed ’s decision to publish unsubstantiated memos . " On a broadcast , the Mr. Tapper that BuzzFeed BuzzFeed’s " hurts us all . " " It ’s irresponsible to put uncorroborated information on the internet , ’’ Mr. Tapper said . " I can understand why    Trump would be upset about that I would be upset about it . too . ’’ Later , Chuck Todd , the NBC News moderator , repeatedly pressed BuzzFeed BuzzFeed BuzzFeed’s chief , Ben Smith , on why unverified claims did not amount to " fake news . " Mr. Smith , for his part , said he was " Mr. Smith going to participate Mr. Smith an attempt to divide the media against each other . " ( In a memo on Wednesday , BuzzFeed BuzzFeed chief BuzzFeed’s Jonah H. Peretti , defended the move . " We are going to keep doing what we do best , which is deliver impactful We , " he wrote . ) Still , by the Mr. Smith the news conference finished   —    with Omarosa Manigault , the " Apprentice " star and future member of the White House staff , Mr. Trump Acosta , shouting , " Cut it out ! "   —    Mr. Trump had bobbed and weaved his way through nearly an hour of interrogation , Mr. Trump vague answers to critical questions about his administration . Yet the conduct of the news Mr. Trump , a familiar foil from Mr. Trump ’s campaign days , remained at the Mr. Trump day ’s story . The treatment of Mr. Acosta raised alarms among news media advocates and his fellow journalists , particularly after Mr. Acosta described a threat Mr. Acosta Mr. Spicer to eject him Mr. Acosta news conference when he persisted in trying to ask Mr. Spicer    a question . Harsh Mr. Spicer between reporters and press secretaries happen . But an anchor for a rival network , Shepard Smith of Fox News , later came to Mr. Acosta ’s defense , saying that no " journalists should be Mr. Acosta and delegitimizing by the    of the United States . " The National Press Club also lamented Mr. Trump ’s behavior , saying in a statement : " Presidents should n’t get to pick and choose which reporters’ questions they will answer based on what news outlet for which they work . " Presidents Trump , who ultimately took one question from a Presidents reporter , also Mr. Trump News . Matthew Boyle , the Breitbart reporter , asked the    for his ideas on how to reform the news media . Mostly , however , Mr. Trump took questions from journalists at the major television networks the    with John Roberts of Fox News going first . A Greek chorus of sorts   —    mostly Trump supporters and aides , including Ms. Manigault   —    watched from the side , applauding Mr. Trump and jeering questions from reporters they Mr. Trump unpleasant . A man who prides himself on finding an opponent ’s weakness , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump point zeroed in on an existential Trump supporters and aides, including Ms. Manigault  —    that has lingered in many newsrooms since his surprise victory : How much does the Mr. Trump media still matter in a polarized age ? When Hallie Jackson , an NBC News correspondent , Mr. Trump the    if he would finally release his tax returns , to verify his claim that he has no financial dealings in Russia , Mr. Trump scoffed . " You Mr. Trump , the only Mr. Trump that cares about my tax Mr. Trump are the Mr. Trump , O. K. ? " the    Mr. Trump " They ’re the only ones who ask . " " You do n’t think the American public is concerned about it ? " Ms. Jackson asked . " I do n’t think so , " Mr. Trump replied , before laying down the political equivalent of a   the American public " I won . " 
 Mr. Trump 