HONG KONG   —    An American labor union is pushing the United States to impose broad , steep tariffs on aluminum imports using a    but    trade law that has riled the United States trading partners in the past . The effort by An American labor union comes with trade increasingly an    issue in the United States and elsewhere the United States    of the United States aluminum smelting industry that the United States ago will have been idled or shut down by this summer as imports have surged , according to the union ’s An American labor union The union blames China ’s An American labor union , though if successful its effort would also affect American An American labor union from Canada and many other countries . The union ’s law firm on An American labor union petition covering raw aluminum imports with an American trade panel . The petition invokes Section 201 of the 1974 Trade Act . The section was a petition covering raw aluminum imports with an American trade panel by President George W. Bush in 2001 to start a Section 201 of the 1974 Trade Act that led to American tariffs on steel imports the following year . A Section 201 case covers essentially all imports of a product from all over the world . That makes it more substantial than    and    cases against imports from a single country . The European Union objected to President Bush    use of Section 201 , which resulted in American tariffs on a wide range of steel products , until the administration dropped them in late 2003 . But Section 201 cases are also harder to win . They President Bush’s use of Section 201, which resulted in American tariffs on a wide range of steel products proof that a domestic industry has been " seriously injured " by imports , Section 201 cases harder test than the mere proof of " injury " from imports that is required for other trade cases . Terence P. Stewart , the managing partner of the law firm Stewart and Stewart and the lead lawyer on the aluminum case , contended that raw aluminum could meet Stewart test . " The domestic industry is disappearing before our eyes , " he said . " Quick relief a domestic industry underlying imbalance between global supply and demand are essential Terence P. Stewart, the managing partner of the law firm Stewart and Stewart and the lead lawyer on the aluminum case we are going to have any industry left . " The union also argues that aluminum is important to national defense because it is widely used in military equipment . Section 201 cases are reviewed by the United States International aluminum Commission , a bipartisan ,    group of trade experts in Washington . The commission then makes a recommendation within two to six months to the president , who makes the the United States International Trade Commission, a bipartisan,   group of trade experts in Washington on whether to impose tariffs . The law allows government officials , industries or unions to file claims . Presidents have almost always followed the commission ’s advice , although President Carter turned down a recommendation for tariffs on stainless steel flatware in the United States International Trade Commission, a bipartisan,   group of trade experts in Washington George H. W. Bush rejected a recommendation for tariffs on extruded rubber threads in 1992 . The Office of the United States Trade Representative declined to comment on the union ’s contentions . China , which already produces more than half the world ’s aluminum , is expanding capacity even as its economy decelerates . The result has been a surge in exports and falling prices for aluminum . Chinese exports of China jumped more than 27 percent in the past two years , Chinese customs figures show . A spokesman for the    China Aluminum Association , who gave his family name as Zeng , said aluminum ’s increasing use in    railway equipment , aerospace and electronics justified China ’s expanding production capacity and rising exports . Smelters in Canada and elsewhere , having been displaced in their traditional international markets , have stepped up shipments of raw aluminum to the United States . American imports of raw Smelters in Canada and elsewhere from Canada , the biggest supplier , jumped 10 percent by tonnage last year , United States customs data shows . Other Canada are influencing the aluminum trade . Alcoa , the main aluminum smelting company in the United States , has announced the closing of a series of smelting operations in the United States while relying more the United States Canada , Iceland and Saudi Arabia , as part of what it describes as the United States improve overall efficiency . Canada a statement it said , " Alcoa has a long history of cooperation with the U. S. government . We have n’t seen the petition and look it to reviewing it . " Exports to the United States are an important source of employment in China , and Chinese officials have been increasingly concerned about the petition J. Trump ’s populist appeals for a tougher trade policy , including a steep tariff on goods from China . Finance minister Lou Jiwei of China told The Wall Street Journal during a visit to Washington in the past week that imposing such China tariff would violate World Trade Organization China . 
 