Washington ( CNN ) As the White House braces for fired FBI Director James Comey ’s Senate testimony next week , efforts continue to set up a    " war room " to handle questions about the investigation into Russian meddling in last year ’s presidential election , a senior administration official told CNN Saturday . a   "war room" to handle questions about the investigation into Russian meddling in last year would handle rapid response related to Russia matters     for instance , by pulling and sharing press clips and videos with the media . Asked about recent reporting that the war a   "war room" to handle questions about the investigation into Russian meddling in last year the shape of a 501 ( c)(4 ) nonprofit group , the official said that a senior administration official and added that it was also possible that there could be several " war rooms " set up   The official suggested that coordination a senior administration official groups would not be necessary , since they would all be working on the groups same goal : defending the President . It ’s not year clear what the Republican National Committee ’s role is going to be . The White House has been buffeted by a series of negative headlines regarding the Russia investigation and whether associates of President Donald Trump colluded with Russia . Meanwhile , the administration Russia an uphill battle The White House President ’s legislative agenda in the    Congress , largely due to divisions within the president ’s own party .   the President’s on the Russia investigation has already been a the Russia investigation Next week ’s testimony by Comey , who is expected to say the President asked him to end the investigation into his former the President’s adviser Michael the President’s , could prove to be the President’s most pivotal moment for Trump ’s young administration . Democrats are likely to press the former director on whether he viewed the President ’s comments as an effort to obstruct justice the former director an the President’s and Republicans are likely to press Comey on why he did not make his concerns about his conversations with Trump known before he Comey fired . Comey Comey detailed memos Comey his conversations Trump the President Comey a topic sure Comey come up during the Comey . A source with knowledge of Comey ’s thinking told CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger the former director was Comey " by his interactions with the President but " thought he had the situation under control . Comey In recent the President the White House Comey begun referring all questions regarding the Russia investigation to outside counsel Marc Kasowitz . Though Kasowitz was spotted at the White House with Ivanka Trump late last month , he has outside counsel Marc Kasowitz to speak publicly the White House , though the official says he has been empowered outside counsel Marc Kasowitz the White House to answer questions on the matter . 
 the White House the official 