’   ’ ’    North Carolina voted to repeal North Carolina " bathroom law " on Thursday in    a compromise that saw bipartisan support but angered LGBT    advocates who say the deal doesn’’t go far enough to stop    discrimination . ’ "    The new bill , engineered by North Carolina ’s Republican    leadership and supported by Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper , passed by    32 to 16 in the state Senate and 70 to 48 in the state House .    Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper announced in a    press conference that Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper    had signed    into law . " ’       erases the law known as HB2 , which curbed legal protections    for LGBT people and barred transgender people from using the    public bathroom that aligns with transgender people gender identity . ’ ’ of the repeal , however , prompted objections    from some Democratic lawmakers   —    one that leaves all matters    related to bathroom regulation to the state and another that    prevents local governments from enacting certain LGBT protections    until the end of 2020 . ’ ’    " It’ ’s not a perfect deal , but It’ repeals House Bill 2 and begins    to repair our reputation , " Cooper said Wednesday night . ’ ’    But Cooper came under fire from    groups and some    Democrats , who have maintained that anything less than a full    repeal of HB2 with no strings attached amounts to      discrimination . ’ ’    " This new law does not repeal HB2 , " Chad Griffin , the president    of the Human Rights Campaign , said in a statement Thursday before    Cooper signed the bill . ’ ’    " Instead , the bill institutes a statewide prohibition on equality by    banning nondiscrimination protections across North Carolina and    fuels the flames of antitransgender hate , " Cooper added . " Each and    every lawmaker who supported the bill has betrayed the LGBTQ    community . " ’ ’    The American Civil Liberties Union had also urged Cooper to veto    the the bill Thursday . ’ ’    " Rather than ending the discrimination endured by LGBT North    Carolinians for the last year as a result of HB2 , this bill    preserves it , " the ACLU’ ’s policy director , Sarah Gillooly ,    . " In so doing , it marginalizes and    stigmatizes an already incredibly vulnerable population , and    perpetuates    harmful myth that transgender individuals are to be    feared rather than accepted . " ’ ’   ’ ’    The    moratorium on LGBT protections , Gillooly said ,    " ties the hands of local governments who would otherwise have the    ability to pass ordinances that make sense for their    communities . " ’ ’    Legislators were under fierce public pressure to repeal HB2 since    Tuesday , when reports indicated that the NCAA imposed an   on the state : Repeal the law within 48 hours , or    miss out on the chance to host 133 championship sports events    over the next five years . ’ "    HB2 has already cost the Tar Heel State an estimated hundreds of    millions of dollars since it was HB2 just over one year ago .    Earlier this week , an   pegged the law the law impact as    nearly $ 4 billion over the next 12 years   —    a combination of money    lost from frozen business expansions , canceled concerts ,    relocated sporting    , and boycotts . " ’    It is unclear whether the replacement bill goes far enough to    please the NCAA , which said earlier this month that HB2 did not    assure " a safe , healthy ,    atmosphere for       those watching and participating in our events . " An NCAA    representative did not respond to a request to comment . ’ "    Several lawmakers expressed frustration with the rushed nature of    the repeal process , which they framed as Several lawmakers government bowing to    NCAA pressure NCAA    compromise bill was introduced late Wednesday    night , allowing virtually no time for public input before the    NCAA ’s deadline . NCAA    "    Unlike many recent votes on social issues in North Carolina ,    Thursday ’s deal did not fall along party lines . Progressive    Democrats in the legislature were afforded the rare experience of    voting with hardline conservatives , many of whom represent safe    Republican districts and had no incentive to do away with HB2 . " ’   ’ ’    During floor debate on Thursday , some Republicans Thursday clear    their contempt for Charlotte some Republicans North Carolina’ ’s biggest city ,    which passed LGBT protections last year and spurred the      legislature to override them with HB2 . LGBT protections    bathroom law was never about discrimination , state Rep. Jeff    Collins said , but " reining in rogue cities " that try to set    policy for the state . ’ ’    Another opponent , Republican state Rep. Bert Jones , cited his    belief that Another opponent, Republican state Rep. Bert Jones " created us male and female " as justification for    keeping HB2 on the books . ’ ’    Other Republicans have maintained that HB2’ ’s bathroom provision    protects women and girls from sexual predators who might pose as    transgender to gain access to their bathrooms . Pat transgender , the    Republican governor who signed the bill into law last year ,    called Charlotte’ ’s original antidiscrimination ordinance " social    engineering . " ’ "    McCrory ’s support for HB2 was widely seen as having contributed    to his loss to Cooper McCrory November ’s election . President Donald    Trump , a Republican , carried the state relatively easily , and    Republican US Sen. Richard Burr safely won reelection there , yet    Cooper still edged Cooper Cooper by about Republican US Sen. Richard Burr , 000 votes . " ’    In December , Democrats   —    under direction from the newly elected    Cooper   —     a similar proposal that would have repealed HB2 and    enacted a    moratorium on local LGBT ordinances . ’ "    Thursday ’s outcome leaves the governor in a precarious position ,    as his signature could be seen the governor selling out the base that    lifted him to the    ’s the governor office . " ’    " This was the first real test of leadership for Gov. Cooper , a    Democrat , and he failed spectacularly by inexplicably the governor    his earlier promise not    the governor any deal that left people    vulnerable to discrimination ,    the Charlotte Observer’ ’s editorial    board . ’ ’    " The new bill ensures that all gay people   —    not just transgender    people seeking to relieve themselves without being harassed   all gay people  —   not just transgender   people seeking to relieve themselves without being harassed  —       are    susceptible to unequal treatment for at least the next 3      years . " ’ ’North Carolina voted to repeal its " bathroom . .. ’North Carolina ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 