  ( CNN ) So maybe a few times in your life you have screamed at the television set . And then what ? You flip the channel , and get on with your life . Ah , unless you ’re the current President of the United States . Because he probably watches way more TV than you do , and when he he something he he n’t like , he he n’t flip . He he . He he his he and complains . He he . And then he he , because he he . According to a source with knowledge , Trump told friends he Trump increasingly concerned that FBI Director James Comey had grown " out of control " and was " pursuing his Trump agenda . " Comey FBI Director James Comey last week , this a source with knowledge , " pushed him to the FBI Director James Comey . " So he acted out FBI Director James Comey and decided to fire Comey , in FBI Director James Comey childish , impetuous     and dangerous     manner . Then he looked for FBI Director James Comey rationale , and found it in a a rationale written by Rod Rosenstein , deputy attorney general .   The White House used that cover story so did the vice president . But now Trump has blown up that explanation by telling NBC that he would have the vice president Comey no matter FBI Director James Comey Justice officials had recommended . ( Did Trump lie to Trump like Mike Flynn did ? Just asking . )   And all credibility is lost . Apparently , no one is able to tell the     newbie how to behave . That firing the current FBI director in the middle of the Russia investigation     no matter how tarnished his reputation     is a bad idea . No one can tell him that , his matter how furious he is about his investigation that is growing and requiring more resources , trying to kill it by striking at the FBI director the current FBI director , very bad idea . And that it might be interpreted as obstruction of justice . But none of this matters to Trump . It never has . As this matters Sunshine , a former Trump organization employee told me Trump ago , Trump had always lobbed grenades Trump and then walked away . " Nobody ever knew when he walked in a meeting Trump he was going to say Trump do because he did n’t , " Trump said . " Donald Trump always managed to Trump into a meeting and say something that nobody else expected him ever to say , Trump the entire meeting , leave a meeting and control every situation that way , so by the time he leaves the room , Trump has the store , Trump owns the store . Trump But this is the store ’s store anymore .    Trump has clearly learned little in office . Trump still throws tantrums , and his staff Trump sent to clean up the Trump . The pattern was set on the first full day in office .   That ’s when Trump fumed about the pictures about crowd size Trump his inauguration , and sent his press secretary Trump Spicer , out there Spicer Then came the president ’s Trump assertion that there were Trump illegal votes cast in the election     and that ’s why he lost the popular vote . That ’s when Trump came out to try and explain the unexplainable . The solution     just set up a presidential commission to examine the fiction , which the White House finally announced Thursday . Then came the president ’s impulsive    early on Saturday morning Trump 4 , when he accused his predecessor of having him wiretapped . Never Trump that Trump was accusing Barack Trump of a felony , or Trump it was n’t true . He did it , anyway . So then , once Trump , came the shovel brigade . Because to balk , even a bit , would be seen as disloyal to Trump     that is not allowed . Ever . Only this time it was really hard to figure out how to explain the unexplainable . And so a plan was hatched : call for congressional investigations . And stop talking about Russia hacks and potential Russian collusion with the campaign , but focus instead on investigating leaks that cast a negative light on Trump and his people . You get the idea . The President tweets nonsense Trump     and Trump     staff scrambles to make it sensible . Even if the emperor has no clothes , you ca n’t tell him . So it was with the firing of James Comey .   The the emperor decides he wants to fire Comey , and the staff is tasked The President up with The President rationale . But James Comey was very the staff time     absurd on its face . After he praised Comey in late October on the campaign trail and last this time     his spokesman declared Comey in the FBI director , are we to suddenly believe that the Comey really thought Comey was unfair to Hillary ? Really ? As one source close to the president tells me , his real concern was that if Comey had treated Clinton so the president he would do the the president to Donald Trump . Comey , and as he told NBC Comey Comey was a " showboat " and a " grandstander . " Comey was a telling Comey in Trump ’s galaxy , there can be no star brighter than Trump . One requirement of the Donald Trump to believe that your job is about something greater than Donald Trump     your country .   But first you have to believe there is something greater than yourself . 
 