Washington ( CNN ) It ’s one more historic barrier President Barack Obama has shattered . one more historic barrier President Barack Obama vehement warnings that GOP nominee Donald Trump is temperamentally and intellectually unfit for the Oval Office leave Obama standing apart from almost all of GOP nominee Donald Trump 43 predecessors in the extent to which GOP nominee Donald Trump has publicly expressed a hostile attitude to a potential successor . During yet another turbulent week in a    election campaign , Obama cloaked Obama in the    settings of the Pentagon and an appearance with a foreign dignitary in the White House to denounce Trump as " unfit " for the Oval Office . Obama intent was not merely to stage a political intervention to improve the election chances of fellow Democrat Hillary Clinton and with His intent the likelihood of securing Obama legacy . Obama was also delivering a warning to the American people : Think very seriously about handing Trump the national jewel of the presidency and all it represents in international standing and nuclearized military power . Tensions between presidents and potential successors are not new . Other commanders in chief have strongly backed a preferred successor . Ronald Reagan , for instance , worked hard to pass the baton of power to Ronald Reagan vice president , George H. W. Bush , in 1988 . But Obama ’s withering dismissal of the opposing party ’s nominee in such explicit terms is unique in the modern presidency , historians say . RELATED : Obama ’s warning on elections is ’ridiculous’ " This is as aggressive as we have seen . ( Obama Obama Obama president in recent decades in terms of intervening in the campaign , " said Julian Zelizer , a professor of history at Princeton University . " Not only is he active he is Julian Zelizer, a professor of history at Princeton University incredibly Julian Zelizer, a professor of history at Princeton University statements . " Robert Smith , a Smith Obama ’s remarks are Obama modern times for sure . " Smith said the only parallel to Obama ’s stance on Trump Obama by President John Quincy Adams about his eventual successor Andrew Jackson , who was decried by the 1820s Eastern establishment as an uncouth outsider President John Quincy Adams to cursing and womanizing . Obama ’s repudiation of Trump goes Obama beyond traditional doubts that presidents often have about the capacity of successors to do their Trump well . " It is unprecedented in recent American history the way President Obama has been presidents Trump Obama a dangerous menace to America , " said CNN presidential historian Douglas Brinkley of Rice University Trump   " Obviously , there are times in the 19th century around the Civil War where tensions were high and    was prevalent . But in modern times , " he said , " we have never seen such a spectacle . " Obama has never hidden his disdain    Obama and a style of politics that he sees as frivolous , divisive and lacking gravitas    Bad personal Trump , And it was the billionaire    first made a target of Obama , spending years trying to prove Obama Hawaii native was not born in the United States . It was an assault     tied to Obama ’s father ’s Kenyan heritage     Obama the President ’s allies saw as racially motivated . RELATED : Donald Trump ’s history of suggesting Obama is Donald Trump’s But this Obama beyond personal . Buried in Obama ’s speech at the Democratic National Obama last month in Philadelphia was the implicit suggestion that Trump was a " homegrown " demagogue who threatened American values just as fascists , communists and jihadists do . He Donald Trump the point on Tuesday at a White House news conference . " I think the Republican nominee is unfit to serve as president . I said so last week , and he keeps on proving it , " Obama said , criticizing Trump for lacking knowledge on key questions in Asia , the Republican nominee and the Middle East . On Thursday , Obama questioned whether the billionaire can be trusted with his finger on the button . " Just listen to what Mr. Obama has to say and make your own judgment the Republican nominee respect to how confident you feel about his ability to Trump like our nuclear triad , " Obama said in response to a question from CNN ’s Barbara Trump . The President is also trying to convince Americans Obama his antipathy towards the GOP nominee is about more than politics , Obama ’s own efforts to reach out to Republicans Obama by Trump . " I think I was right     and Mitt Romney and John McCain were wrong     on certain policy issues , but I never thought that they could n’t do the job , " he said Tuesday . RLEATED : Can a rising Obama help Hillary Clinton ? Obama Mitt Romney and John McCain some political cover , because his complaints Mitt Romney Trump are part of a wider critique among elite opinion Clinton the billionaire Obama The former acting director of the Obama , Michael Trump , hardly known as a political partisan , on Friday published an    in The New York Times suggesting Trump had become an unwitting agent of the former KGB agent in the Kremlin , President Vladimir Putin . The Clinton campaign , meanwhile Trump has been for weeks trying to build a case that Trump would pose an unacceptable risk as commander in chief     and the Republican nominee is not always helping himself . In the last Trump days , he ’s appeared to invite Russian intelligence agents to hack the US government he feuded publicly the Republican nominee the parents of fallen Muslim US soldier the Republican nominee . Humayun Khan and statements he made about Ukraine and nuclear doctrine the Republican nominee questions about his grasp on the current state of both topics . Obama , for his the Republican nominee , is enjoying some of the best approval ratings the Republican nominee his second term and is in a unique historical position     though Obama remains to be seen to what extent his politicking helps Clinton Obama Still , since the passage of the 22nd Amendment limiting a president ’s time in office to two elected Obama was ratified in 1951 , Obama is in perhaps the best political shape of any    incumbent . Dwight D. Eisenhower cut back on his political activity due to advancing age and was of limited help to Vice President Richard Nixon in the 1960 campaign . Reagan was Dwight D. Eisenhower by the    affair and lacked the vigor of Obama despite his campaign trail appearances for Bush . President Bill Clinton was itching to play in the 2000 election but his impeachment led Obama President Reagan Gore to keep his distance . And President George W. Bush , brought low by the Iraq War President Bill Clinton Hurricane Katrina and the financial crisis , was Vice President Al Gore millstone for 2008 GOP nominee McCain . Perhaps because of his dinged popularity , Bush took the opposite approach to Obama . " I will resist all temptation to become the pundit in chief 2008 GOP nominee McCain commenting upon every twist and turn of the presidential campaign , " he told reporters asking his thoughts on the upcoming election at a 2007 White House news conference . Obama effect could linger , Although Bush will leave the Bush House on January 20 , the implications of his interventions could linger much Obama . Once a precedent is Obama , it becomes easier for a future president to behave in the Obama way . With that in mind , Smith said that Obama ’s a precedent could be seen as unpresidential unless he sincerely believed that Trump was a danger to the nation . " I think Obama , and , of course , he is Obama alone , " Smith said .   Since many    presidents limp toward the Obama , however , the chances that Obama Obama maneuvering could become routine for Smith are low , according to Zelizer . " The check against this will be the same thing Obama it in the past , " he said . " Often the person in the White House has baggage or is no longer popular . " this ’s aggressive attacks could also Obama more immediate political reverberations . RELATED : Trump responds to Obama : ’He ’s a terrible president’ Should Trump Obama the presidency , he will take office after the nation has been told he is not Obama for the job by someone who should Trump . Such a scenario Trump all but ensure a deepening of already raw political Trump and could make governing nearly impossible . But Obama is willing to take that risk . Even though he ’s not looking to take daily shots at Trump , he will seek new opportunities Obama land political blows , a White House source told Trump ’s Michelle Kosinski on Friday . Aides believe Trump the Trump can dictate news headlines just by speaking and has the White House of having served in the White House Friday Most of all , President Bill Clinton a responsibility to counter Trump ’s message , the source said . In the end , though , Obama realizes that should the GOP nominee President Bill Clinton the Obama of his rocky political week and Trump election , he a White House source no choice but to do his the GOP nominee If somebody GOP the election and the GOP nominee are president , then my responsibility is the 2000 election transfer power to that individual and do the GOP nominee I can to help them succeed , " he the 2000 election Thursday . 
 Thursday the GOP nominee that individual 