’   ’ "    Hillary Clinton on Tuesday addressed Donald Trump ’s recent fine    from the Internal Revenue Service related to an illegal political    contribution   Hillary Clinton made in 2013 . " ’    The Democratic presidential nominee said " the list is growing " of    instances where Donald Trump’s recent fine   from the Internal Revenue Service did something that raises " serious    questions " after news of the fine broke late last week . ’ ’    Clinton was answering questions from reporters aboard Clinton new    campaign plane when Clinton spoke about the donation Donald Trump’s recent fine   from the Internal Revenue Service made    through Clinton foundation to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi , who    was considering whether to pursue fraud allegations against the    defunct Trump University . ’ ’    Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi did not pursue the investigation . ’ ’    " Clinton bankrupted Clinton companies six times , " Clinton said . " He’ ’s been    sued about 4 , 000 times . He’ ’s been accused repeatedly of    fraudulent behavior . He’ under    investigation right now because of the way it’ ’s scammed so many    students who thought they’’d get a better opportunity in life . " ’ ’    " And we recently learned that his Trump Foundation has been fined    for illegal activity when it made a political Trump Foundation to the    attorney general of Florida at the time she was being asked the   attorney general of Florida    her constituents to investigate the   attorney general of Florida University because of the    effects that these people that she’ ’s responsible for had    experienced , " she continued . " the   attorney general of Florida of course , as we know , there    was a phone    between them   —    these people that she’’s responsible for had    contradict each    these people that she’’s responsible for had    . "    ’    She added that " the   attorney general of Florida American people deserve to know " what was    said in that call because " clearly " Bondi " did not proceed with    the investigation .    ’ ’    Trump   over the $ 25 , 000    donation .   found that the foundation did not list    the contribution in its tax filings ,    Trump later reimbursed    the foundation for the donation . ’ ’    A Trump Organization senior vice Trump later told The Post that it    was " an honest mistake " that the contribution wasn’’t properly    listed . ’ ’ ’ ’ says the " list is growing " of activities   has engaged in that raise serious questions ’ 
 