Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe had Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe Twitter account unlocked after Twitter users bombarded Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe CEO Jack Dorsey with around 20 , 000 tweets , demanding that Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe be reinstated on the platform . [ O’Keefe ’s account was locked on Wednesday , with Twitter claiming that Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe had " violated the Twitter Rules , " resulting in Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe having to " wait some time before using Twitter again . "   Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe claimed that " Twitter is trying to block our journalism "   —    Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe organisation , Project Veritas , has in the past exposed Democratic corruption and voter fraud . Before Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe suspension , Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe was planning on releasing a video with    footage of a US Senator inside a fundraiser . " We ’re too effective —    and there are bombshells coming out all week , " Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe continued . all week we drop smaller bombs across the country . Next week we we atomic bombs . https :   .    —    James O’Keefe ( @JamesOKeefeIII ) October 10 , 2016 ,   O’Keefe told Breitbart News in an email that Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe was gaining " around 10 , 000 followers on Twitter every day in the last few days " so Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe videos would have an enormous potential audience . After Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe account was locked , there was an immediate backlash against Twitter Twitter attempting to silence Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe . @wesearchr @Cernovich @twitter @JamesOKeefeIII @HillaryClinton Is this it ? Is this when I finally delete my his account   —    Richard Smacky ( @RichardSmacky ) October 13 , 2016 ,   @Varneyco @JamesOKeefeIII The suppression   collusion tactics engaged by social   MSM are more like Uganda than USA https :   .    —    Mr Bumbles ( @Mrbumbles11 ) October 13 , 2016 ,   Many more then spammed Jack Dorsey in an attempt to shame Twitter into ensuring O’Keefe had a space on the platform . Hey , @jack @twitter , why are you protecting election fraud by blocking @JamesOKeefeIII ? @RealDonaldTrump # MAGA # HillaryForPrison # RapeyBill ,   —    Genr8n_VH ( @Genr8n_VH ) October 13 , 2016 ,   . @jack restore @JamesOKeefeIII ’s account so he can SHARE HIS INFORMATION . he is @twitter ’s mission after all . # freejamesokeefe ,   —    Karyn Ciscowski ( @ciscowski ) October 13 , 2016 ,   On Thursday evening , Twitter finally gave O’Keefe access to his account again Twitter after making him delete an Twitter innocuous " tweet , which , in a video put on Twitter , O’Keefe Twitter was a " strawman " for his violation . O’Keefe thanking the thousands of users who had put pressure on Twitter , he Twitter that Twitter tweet was asked to be deleted because " they had to come up with a reason to let me back on Twitter . " Twitter BACK ! pic . twitter .    —    James O’Keefe ( @JamesOKeefeIII ) October 13 , 2016 ,   Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter Jack Hadfield _ Twitter email him at jack@yiannopoulos Jack Hadfield net . 
 