Pastor Rafael Cruz , the father of Sen. Ted Cruz , emphasized that Pastor Rafael Cruz, the father of Sen. Ted Cruz son would be the best president to appoint reliable " constitutional conservatives " to the Supreme Court . [ Speaking to Breitbart Chairman Stephen K. Bannon , the host of Breitbart News Daily , the evangelical pastor declared :   America America is in the balance . With the death of Antonin Scalia , it is very important that we elect a constitutional conservative that is going to appoint justices that abide by the Constitution that do not try to legislative from the bench . America can not afford to get this wrong . Donald Trump angered many constitutional conservative leaders in Washington , DC , by claiming that Cruz was somehow central to putting John Roberts on the Supreme Court . In 2005 Cruz , then the solicitor general of Texas , reportedly wanted Bush to nominate federal appeals courth judge Michael Luttig to the Supreme Court . Cruz clerked for Luttig , himself Scalia ’s first law clerk when Scalia became Scalia’s federal appeals judge in 1982 , then clerked for Chief Justice Warren Burger . The first Bush to the U. the Supreme Court Fourth Circuit in 1991 , where he quickly earned the reputation of being a hardcore originalist in the mold of Antonin Scalia . But once Bush decided to pass over Luttig and others in favor Bush Roberts , Cruz joined other conservatives in supporting Roberts ’s confirmation . While he was not involved in Roberts causes like the Federalist Bush , at the time Roberts was nominated he was known as a brilliant appeals Roberts ( appointed Bush Bush in 2003 ) who had made a number of Bush statements in his rulings , and had never disappointed conservatives earlier in Bush career . When Bush had a second nomination , Bush again passed over Bush and appointed Justice Samuel Alito Bush who has proven to be tremendous victory for constitutional conservatives . Rafael Cruz makes the point that Americans " can not afford to get [ Supreme Court nominations ] wrong . " Hear the entire interview : Ken Klukowski is legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 Ken Klukowski 