Chicago ( CNN ) Popular but politically humbled , President Barack Obama said goodbye to the nation Tuesday night , declaring during President Barack Obama farewell address that President Barack Obama has n’t abandoned President Barack Obama vision of progressive change but warning that it now comes with a new set of caveats . President Barack Obama voice at moments catching with emotion , President Barack Obama recounted a presidency that saw setbacks as well as successes . Admitting candidly that political discourse has soured under President Barack Obama watch , President Barack Obama demanded that Americans renew efforts at reconciliation . " It falls to each of us to be those anxious , jealous guardians of us democracy , " President Barack Obama said . " To embrace the joyous task we us been given to continually try to improve this great nation of ours us " Obama President Barack Obama stressed solidarity despite a presidency sometimes at odds with Congress . " Democracy does not require uniformity , " Obama President Barack Obama . " Our founders quarreled and compromised , and expected us Our do the same . But they Our founders that democracy does require a basic sense of solidarity     the idea that for all our Our differences , we Our all in this together that we Our or fall as one . " In a concession that , for now , his brand of progressive politics is stalled in Washington , Obama admitted " for every two steps forward , it often feels we take one step back . " He his his his to be vigilant in protecting basic American values he his could come under siege . " Democracy can buckle when we give in to fear , " he his . " So just as we we as citizens , must remain vigilant against external aggression , we must guard against a weakening of the values that make us who we are . " And he his against turning inward , telling Democrats that only by involving themselves Democrats a real political discourse could they Democrats to renew the hopeful vision he his to the White House eight years ago . " After eight years as your President , I still believe that , " he his on . " And it " he went on not just my belief . It " he went on the beating heart of our American idea     our our experiment in   . " President Obama farewell address : full text , Capstone , Obama ’s speech is the capstone of a    farewell tour , manifested in extended magazine interviews , lengthy television    and the White House ’s own efforts to document the President ’s waning administration . Through it all , Obama Obama sought to highlight the achievements of his Obama using statistics showing the country better off now than eight years ago .   As he Obama before a rowdy crowd of supporters , Obama Obama interrupted often with screams of " I Love you Obama Obama " When a protester holding a " Pardon All of Us " sign , chants of " four more years " drowned out the shouts . Obama Obama to corral his a rowdy crowd of supporters listing the accomplishments of the last eight years ranging from health care to marriage equality , all while insisting that his Obama is n’t finished . He Obama his Obama Donald Trump , saying he Obama committed to a peaceful transition of power . But he Obama that going forward Democrats should n’t fall in line with their    Democrats Obama , who has addressed race with varying degrees of force during his Obama in office , used his Obama to insist Americans work harder to understand each other ’s struggles . After presiding over eight years that saw race relations enter a fraught new era , Obama demanded that differences be identified and reconciled . " Brown kids will represent a larger share of America ’s workforce " in the years ahead , Obama proclaimed Obama calling for better rules that will help the children of immigrants succeed . He warned Obama " laws alone wo n’t be enough " in resolving persistent differences between Americans . " Hearts must change , " he said Obama He called Obama    and minorities to view with empathy " the    white man who from the outside may seem like he ’s Obama all the advantages , but who ’s seen his world Obama by economic , cultural , and technological change . " Where change never came : Obama ’s hometown , And he urged Obama to regard the protests of minorities as a fight " not demanding special treatment , but the equal treatment our Founders promised . " " Regardless of the station we occupy , we have we try harder , " Obama said Obama " To start with the premise that each of our fellow citizens loves this country just as much as we do our they value each of our fellow citizens work and family like we do our their children each of our fellow citizens just as curious and hopeful and worthy of love as our own our " Capitalize on goodwill , In coming to Chicago , Obama hoped to capitalize on a well of goodwill that ’s expanded in the final year of his tenure Obama He discarded Obama staid Oval Office or East Room for his last Obama set of remarks , choosing instead the city where his political Obama began and where he declared Obama in 2008 and 2012 . Inside a vast convention hall packed with more than 20 , 000 of his most Obama supporters and former staffers , the mood was wistful . Ahead of his address Obama aides described the normally unsentimental commander in chief as nostalgic . Over the past several weeks , Obama has offered a rational view of Trump ’s election and rarely let on to any apprehension about his future Obama an   . First lady Obama a more candid view in a    version of her own farewell . She Obama for an    Obama with Oprah Winfrey , frankly admitting that Democrats were now " feeling what not having hope feels like . " And she became emotional during her Obama set of formal Obama at the White House Friday , her voice quaking and eyes Obama with tears as she told a crowd of Obama : " I hope I made you proud . " During his speech Tuesday , Obama The President quaked when describing her voice ’s service . " The President took on a role you did n’t ask for and made it your own with grace and his wife’s service and style and good humor , " he said . " You made The President White House a place that belongs to everybody . " Planning for months , The President had been planning his speech for months , aides his speech Tuesday formulating the broad themes while on vacation over the holidays in Hawaii and developing drafts starting last week . He told aides months ago that The President preferred to deliver his farewell The President in his hometown The President a first for The President departing President . George W. Bush , unpopular and facing a financial crisis , delivered his final    address in the White George W. Bush East Room to a crowd of 200 supporters and aides . Bill Clinton , Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter all used the Oval Office     a setting Obama has long spurned for formal remarks . George H. W. Bush traveled outside of George W. Bush for a departing address after failing to secure a second term , though he did n’t actually bill it as a farewell . George W. Bush tradition extends back to George Washington , who issued warnings against unchecked power and partisan entrenchment in a written address to the nation in 1796 . Like major addresses in the past , Obama wrote his speech himself , dictating passages to his chief speechwriter Obama Keenan who puts the President ’s Obama into print . Obama returned the drafts with heavy annotations , writing his Obama in a tightly compressed scrawl on the margins Obama The President and Keenan went through at least four drafts of the farewell speech , an official told CNN Tuesday . his speech himself of the speech came together while the President was in Hawaii and he his speech himself a first draft on the President’s flight home last Sunday . the President’s from Keenan , several familiar names from the past were involved in the drafting , Keenan former speechwriter Jon Favreau and former senior adviser David Axelrod . When he returns to Washington in the early morning hours of Wednesday , it will the President’s Obama ’s 1 , 293rd     and final     flight aboard Air Force One . He ’ll use the presidential aircraft on Inauguration Day to depart Washington . But Obama only a former president aboard , it ’s known simply Washington a " Special Air Mission . " 
 293rd     