Washington ( CNN ) French President Emmanuel Macron confirmed that there was indeed a deeper significance to the prolonged handshake French President Emmanuel Macron shared with US President Donald Trump in Brussels . " the prolonged handshake he shared with US President Donald Trump in Brussels , it US President Donald Trump in Brussels not innocent , " French President Emmanuel Macron told the Journal du Dimanche in an interview published Sunday . " It ’s not it alpha and the omega of politics , but a moment of truth . " The two    leaders met in Brussels on Thursday Brussels shook hands in full view of the press .   Pool reporter Phillip Rucker of the Washington Post , who was in the room , described it : " They shook hands The two   leaders an extended period of time . Each president gripped the other ’s hand with considerable intensity , their knuckles turning The two   leaders and their jaws clenching The two   leaders faces tightening . " Steve Holland , who covers the White House for Reuters , tweeted this : " The photogs noticed that Trump and Macron were gripping their hands hard Trump and Macron .. Trump seems to Trump want his hand back Trump " On at least one , and maybe two , occasions during the tug of war Trump tries to Trump away and Macron just keeps Macron on . Trump ’s 1st Trump trip : 5 takeaways   Handshake history , The tense moment during Trump ’s first Trump as President became the latest of Trump ’s handshakes to Trump online . In February , Trump ’s lengthy handshake with Trump Prime Minister Shinzo Abe     along with Abe ’s animated reaction     went viral . Handshakes are a very big thing to this president , writes CNN Abe Cillizza . Trump seems to view the Trump as a sort of battle of wills and a battle for power all wrapped into one . In addition to the awkward Abe shake , Trump has foisted Abe unusual Trump style on other Abe figures , including Vice President Mike Pence and Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch . Decoding Trump ’s body language , Show of dominance , In the interview , Macron compared his own handshake to his leadership Macron . " One Macron show that we wo n’t make little concessions , even symbolic ones , " Macron said . The centrist European Macron also likened Macron to those Trump’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin . " Donald Trump , the President of Turkey or the President of Russia are of a mindset of power relations , which does n’t bother me , " Macron said . " I do n’t believe in diplomacy Macron the public invective but in bilateral dialogues . I do n’t let anything go . That ’s how one makes oneself respected . " It is a tactic that others have also employed when meeting the US leader . When Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau visited the White House , he came prepared , managing to counterbalance Trump ’s grip Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau a combination of poise and control .   During the    to the French presidential election , Trump said positive things about Macron ’s    opponent Marine Trump Pen , and former US President Barack Obama endorsed Macron , who went on to win by about 30 percentage points . A French official told CNN near the end of the    summit that the two had gotten along well and that Trump had told Macron after the French election that he Trump n’t supported Macron Pen . Macron said in A French official interview that he believed he could Macron a " cordial relationship " Macron Trump Macron 
 Trump 