Washington ( CNN ) The GOP is stuck with Donald Trump     but that is n’t stopping weary Republicans from looking at every way possible to remove Donald Trump     from the top of the ticket .   News of Donald Trump     ’s sexually aggressive remarks from 2005 is just the latest explosion to spur discussion of ways to break ties with the presidential nominee . The # NeverTrump forces fought all the way through the last day of the Republican convention . That was quickly followed by his lengthy battle with Gold Star parents Khizr and Ghazala Khan , which had some Republicans digging through the party ’s rules and state laws for options . Talk of replacing Trump ebbed when Talk of replacing Trump pulled even with Hillary Clinton in the polls last month , and with just 30 days left until the election , thousands of ballots already cast in states with early voting and the legal deadlines for changing names on the ballot already past , the GOP is stuck with the GOP . Trump says Trump ’s not going anywhere , but that wo n’t stop the conversation . Here are some of the hypotheticals     and the reasons they ca n’t work . Rule 9 , The Republican National Committee ’s rules allow for the 168 party committee members to replace a nominee in the case of " death , declination , or otherwise . " The idea of having the RNC reconvene and select a new nominee was first floated in August . It was a    then and practically impossible now because votes have already been cast and deadlines for removing candidates from the ballot have passed . " I ’m not aware of any national RNC rule remedy or federal statute here outside of       rules , " said one RNC committee member Saturday . " It is unrealistic and politically risky to beseech 50 different Secretaries of State to change ballots or to pursue    efforts . We are stuck , and so is ( Mike ) Pence . " " I do n’t think it ’s an option . Seriously . Ballots are printed . People are already voting , " said another RNC member . " We just have to live with it . " The reality is that early voting means the ballots have already been locked in , said Vladeck . " The only real scenario is Trump saying he ’ll resign the second he ’s inaugurated     at which point voters will think that Trump vote for him is Trump a vote for Pence , " Vladeck said . Even President Barack Obama Trump already voted     Friday afternoon , just before the Trump bombshell exploded . Mike Pence to the rescue ? As the fallout from Trump ’s Trump began to take hold , Republican lawmakers who were distancing themselves from Trump Trump began saying they would vote for Pence . Pence drew conservative applause Republican lawmakers who were distancing themselves from Trump his Trump performance in Tuesday Republican lawmakers who were distancing themselves from Trump ’s vice presidential Pence , Pence talk of a 2020 run . But some Republicans do n’t want to wait that long . A spokesman for Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse , who has been an ardent    Republican , said he is " likely " to write in Pence when he votes next month . New his Sen. Kelly Ayotte , facing a tough Pence battle his issued a statement saying she supports Pence . Others have followed . Pence canceled a public appearance in Wisconsin Saturday New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte blasted Pence in an extraordinary statement . Pence I do not condone his remarks and can not defend them , " Pence said . " The likely scenario , if there is one , is that Pence Pence become the nominee since he had already been nominated and voted on once . Pence ’s not simple , but the nominee is " CNN Republican delegate analyst Mike Shields told CNN ’s Gloria Borger . But It McMullin , the conservative former Republican staffer who is CNN an independent bid , blasted McMullin ’s number Pence enabler , to replace the nominee may be a feel Pence exit for GOP leaders , but it is n’t actually feasible , " McMullin said . One of the scenarios being played out by GOP party elders is convincing Pence to leave the ticket . Vin Weber , a former Jeb Bush supporter , says Pence would " absolutely " call for Pence GOP leave the ticket as a way to put " immeasurable Weber . " Pence is the anchor that keeps Trump Weber the race the ticket so without him it Pence be over for the candidate , Weber said . Faithless electors ? Election law expert Rick Hasen floated the idea of a " hail mary " Trump a the race morning , saying that Trump could still appear on the ballot but that the actual electors themselves who show up to the Electoral College to place the votes that the Republican Hail Mary votes for someone else Trump Like , say , for Pence . " No , the Republican Hail Mary now is GOP faithless electors voting for Pence ( or Romney ? ) instead of Trump in Electoral College vote , " Hasen tweeted . the actual electors themselves who show up to the Electoral College to place the votes that decide who is president , writing in a longer blog post , explained that it would be a     decision and that some states bar    " faithless electors " Pence voting against the will of the voters . " There are some laws that bar ’faithless’ electors Hasen casting votes for anyone who did not win the popular Hasen in a state , but I have a hard time believing either the    House or a court ( because it raises a political question ) would stop the actions of a faithless elector , " Hasen writes . But the " faithless elector " scenario still runs up against a mishmash of state laws , making it almost impossible for an     sweep of the   House least 270 electors defecting . Vladeck explained that it remains a better option than pulling Trump ’s name from the ballot , but is still a longshot .   " The Electoral College is a different the "faithless elector" scenario , so folks could vote ’for Trump’ on assumption the electors will pick someone else , but I just do n’t see that happening , " Vladeck said .   Clinton ’s lawyer : Not happening , Marc Elias , the Clinton campaign ’s top lawyer , has assured campaign manager Robby Mook and other senior Democrats that there is no way Republicans can remove Trump from the ballot , according Vladeck a Clinton aide . Elias told Mook and others that it is too late Clinton the process for that and the campaign ’s top aides , based on Elias’ assurances , are confident that Trump will be their opponent     no matter what happens in the Clinton month . Clinton ’s campaign watched on Friday as reporters and other political watchers cited RNC rules as the Clinton campaign Trump could be replaced on the top of the ticket should the fallout Trump his lewd Trump comments lead to that . But Elias , who handles Clinton for most top Democrats and is currently suing a number of states to restore early voting and stop Trump ID laws , told Clinton aides that it is state ballot laws Clinton matter , not RNC rules . What ’s more , Elias told the aides , early voting and uniformed and overseas citizens absentee voting has already begun . 
 voter ID laws 