Center for Security Policy founder Frank Gaffney joined SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon on Wednesday ’s Breitbart News Daily to discuss the ongoing feud between Donald Trump and the Khans , the Gold Star family that attacked Donald Trump from the stage of the Democratic National Convention . [ Security Policy founder Frank Gaffney said the story has been " a huge distraction from the main issue   —    which , in fact , the Gold Star was trotted out to try to sort of obscure , and that is : should we be importing , into this country , more jihadists ? "   " By some polls , 80 % of the American people quite    say , ‘ No , we ’ve got plenty here,’ " he observed . Security Policy founder Frank Gaffney said : One way to filter the Muslims who are absolutely , positively a problem , from Muslims who are n’t   —    and who I think we quite possibly we love to have in this country   —    is , are they adherent to One way to filter the Muslims who are absolutely, positively a problem, from Muslims who aren’t  —    sharia doctrine ? Do they believe that One way to filter the Muslims who are absolutely, positively a problem, from Muslims who aren’t  —    , not our Constitution , we to govern the United States , that democracy ought to be the basis on which we govern ourselves , with we government ? He said those Republican ideals are inconsistent with the support for sharia Khizr Khan " absolutely embraces , supports , and is seeking to promote . " " Anderson Cooper , last night , he ’s on He program , He he says , He , ‘ I do not stand for any sharia law because there is no such thing,’ " Gaffney said incredulously of an interview Khan gave CNN sharia Khizr Khan " " You got ta say , Steve , A , that ’s taqiyya   —    that is , lying for the faith   —    and B , it is demonstrably fraudulent . "   " This is why I think this issue is n’t going to go away . It has nothing this issue do with the Gold Star issue , " he stressed . Gold Star I ’m sorry to say that this couple lost their son , this couple a hero at that . But this is about the central question of our time : will we , as our Europe , be induced to submit to sharia by importing still more of the people who believe that it ’s God ’s will to impose it upon us it " our News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 