Washington ( CNN ) Video was released Friday of Donald Trump acknowledging that Donald Trump    comments calling Mexicans " rapists " harmed Donald Trump business interests . A District of Columbia Superior Court released earlier this summer transcripts of Donald Trump deposition and sworn testimony from his Donald Trump over his Donald Trump of business following his Donald Trump on Mexico . CNN and a group of other news outlets petitioned successfully for the release of the actual video from the lawsuit involving two Washington restaurateurs . The the actual video from the lawsuit involving two Washington restaurateurs release caps a challenging week following an underwhelming debate performance and comes with a little more than a month until the election .   Shortly after he launched his campaign he Macy ’s department store , Serta , Univision and others cut their ties Univision and others him . he later Univision with him for he a substantial " but undisclosed amount of money , according to Trump . " I guess they did n’t like my comments , " Trump told Trump in a lawsuit over two restaurateurs who backed out of plans for his recently Trump hotel at the Old Post Office Building in Washington , just a few blocks from the White House . Trump sued Trump two celebrity chefs , Geoffrey Zakarian and Jose Andres , after they cited Trump comments Trump Mexicans in their decision Mexicans cancel the planned restaurants . Both Zakarian and Geoffrey Zakarian filed countersuits . Another deposition taken in the lawsuit shows Ivanka Trump Trump understand the damage by her father ’s Trump and she " suggested Trump clarification because I felt that his comments were her father’s comments . " " Basically I was playing around with the idea of the fact that the media was spinning what he said to Trump about Hispanic people generally , as opposed to illegal Immigrants , which he subsequently clarified Trump his own , Trump Ivanka Trump told lawyers . Trump ’s lawyers had Ivanka Trump the release of the video , saying that it would likely become campaign the video , but the judge in the case decided that was not a strong enough argument in a filing issued Thursday evening . 
 