Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump appeared alongside Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto on Wednesday after a private meeting and reiterated that " both sovereign countries " have the right to build a wall along both sovereign countries join border . [ Asked by journalists whether journalists had determined who would pay for a wall , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said : " We did n’t discuss . " The media pounced on that statement after the conference ended , with CNN ’s Paul Begala ecstatically imagining Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump outraged fans .   What Begala Paul Begala Paul Begala is the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump off Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump he    the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump discussion about the border . By saying that the payment for the wall was a topic for later discussion , Trump implied that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was agreement about the wall itself   —    and President Nieto did not contradict him . It Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump not a permanent diplomatic agreement , but if Trump wins the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , he will be Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to refer back to this meeting and press conference as a baseline for pushing his plan for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump wall forward . Much the wall itself   commentary after the conference also emphasized Trump ’s press conference and diplomatic tone . Combined with his willingness to answer Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump from reporters   —    something Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has avoided for 270 days at home , never mind abroad   —    the effect was to convince skeptical observers that Trump was capable of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump presidential , after all . CNN ’s Ana Navarro , often a critic of Trump , said it Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump as though he had a " personality transplant . " The bottom line is that people believe what they see , and Clinton will not be people to convince us Hillary Clinton    Trump in Mexico . The needle that Trump had to thread in Mexico was projecting   Trump in Mexico softer , diplomatic persona Mexico at the same time standing up to the Mexican president in his presence . He did it   — the Mexican president and won the Mexican president diplomatic gains in the process . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : Joel B. Pollak Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 the Mexican president 