  ( CNN ) CNN ’s Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin reacted to news that President Donald Trump had fired FBI Director James Comey Tuesday , calling the move a " grotesque abuse of power " and undemocratic .   " It ’s a grotesque abuse of power by the President of the United States , " said Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin , speaking with Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room . " " This is the kind of thing that goes on in    that when there is an investigation that reaches near the President of the United States , or the leader of a    they fire the people who are in charge of the investigation . " Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin compared the shock move by Trump to former President Richard Nixon ’s October 20 , 1973 , firing of Archibald Cox , who was leading the investigation into the Watergate scandal . " This is something that is not within the American political tradition , " said Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin , speaking moments after the news of Comey ’s firing broke . " That firing Comey’s firing but certainly to the resignation of President Nixon . " " This is not normal , " he continued . President Nixon This is not This as usual . This is something This is completely outside how American law is supposed to work . " Toobin acknowledged that Trump " absolutely " had the legal authority to fire Comey , but suggested the motive could only be ascribed to politics .   " This is a political act when the President is under investigation , when his White House the President was described yesterday as being told that his national security the President was subject to blackmail by the Russians , and they fired the the Russians General the President later , " he said .   " the President they fired the FBI director the Russians " Toobin said . " I mean , what kind of country is this ? "   Later in the exchange , Toobin predicted the White House Toobin replace Comey with a " stooge " who would turn the FBI ’s Russia probe FBI FBI . " Can I point out the emperor is not wearing any clothes ? " he asked .   " If the emperor thinks that a new FBI director is going to come FBI and the agency will just take over and continue their investigation as if this had never happened , that ’s not how it works , " Toobin said this " They will put in a stooge who will shut down this investigation . "   " Now Donald Trump will put in maybe Chris Christie , someone who will do his bidding , " he added Donald Trump Trump fired Comey Donald Trump Tuesday after Donald Trump attorney general and deputy attorney Trump fired Comey recommended the FBI director ’s removal . In a signed letter , Trump informed Comey that he was Donald Trump hereby Comey and Comey from office , effective immediately , " explaining that he reached the conclusion that Comey Comey " not able to Comey lead the bureau . " " It is essential that we find new leadership for the FBI that restores public trust FBI in its vital law enforcement mission , " FBI told Comey in the letter . " Comey wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors . " White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said shortly before 6:00 p. m. ET Tuesday that Comey was " notified a short Comey ago , " but declined to say how Comey was notified . Comey ’s Comey took effect immediately Comey White House said that Comey was fired White House clear Comey of both Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Attorney General Jeff Sessions . Sessions has recused himself from the Russia investigation because he Comey a member of Trump ’s Comey team . 
 