Democratic leaders nationwide sought to exact a political price from Republican officials and candidates on Monday for continuing to support Donald J. Trump after Donald J. Trump explosive remarks challenging the objectivity of judges with Mexican or Muslim backgrounds . In an unusually coordinated series of attacks leveled from congressional offices and the Senate floor , in state capitols and sidewalk protests , Democrats excoriated Donald J. Trump as racist and demanded that Republicans either stand behind his Donald J. Trump or condemn him Donald J. Trump even rescind their Republicans of his Donald J. Trump . Democrats received unexpected ammunition from Mr. Mr. Trump Mexican heritage   —    and then rebuked his Donald J. Trump staff for having suggested otherwise . allies Trump ’s doggedness , and his chastisement of his own aides , contributed to a sense of powerlessness among Republicans who said they increasingly saw no way to influence Mr. Trump Mr. Trump behavior or Mr. Trump convince him that his actions could hurt the party in competitive House , Senate and governor ’s races . Reince Mr. Trump chairman of the Republican National Committee Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump discussions with Mr. Trump about his attacks on Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Mr. Priebus Trump University , according to Mr. Trump briefed on Mr. Trump talks . But Mr. Priebus has had similar conversations over many months with Mr. Trump , to little avail . And other senior Republicans said there was confusion about whether it was worth approaching any of Mr. Trump ’s aides about doing Mr. Trump with him . Republican candidates in tough races this fall were left to fend for themselves . Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to retract his comments about Judge Mr. Trump , calling them " offensive and wrong . " Other candidates lay low . Senator Marco Rubio of Florida , a former Republican candidates in tough races Mr. Trump Trump ’s , Mr. Trump Senator Susan Collins of Maine both criticized Mr. Trump , yet neither they nor Ms. Ayotte indicated that they would reject his candidacy . " I continue to Mr. Trump Mr. Trump will rethink his position and take back those words Mr. Trump respect for the separation of powers doctrine that is enshrined in our Constitution Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a former rival of Mr. Trump " Susan Collins said in Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a former rival of Mr. Trump interview . Mr. Trump continue to believe Mr. Trump redemption . " No prominent elected Republican came to Mr. Trump ’s defense unreservedly . And others found themselves wondering aloud what it would take   —    what Mr. Trump would have to say or do   —    for Republicans who have endorsed Mr. Trump jumping ship . Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , another former primary rival of Mr. Trump ’s others Mr. Trump who have backed Mr. Trump to rescind their endorsements , citing the remarks about Judge Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump ’s expression of doubt on Sunday that a Muslim judge could remain neutral in Mr. Trump lawsuit , given Mr. Trump ’s proposed ban Mr. Trump noncitizens entering the country . " This is the most    thing from Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, another former primary rival of Mr. Trump’s since Joe McCarthy , " Mr. Graham said . " If anybody was looking for an    this is probably Mr. Trump he added . " There ’ll come a time when the love of country will trump hatred of Hillary . " Republican hopes that Mr. Trump would tone down his language and heed advice were also undercut after he laced into his own campaign team during a strategy discussion with political surrogates . On Mr. Graham conference call , reported first by the Bloomberg News website and later confirmed by two participants , Mr. Trump argued that talking points sent by his campaign to Mr. Trump allies , directing them not to discuss the Mr. Trump University case Mr. Trump were ill advised . " Take that order and throw it the hell out , " Mr. Trump said . He then went further in excoriating his campaign staff : Mr. Trump there any other stupid letters that were Mr. Trump to you Mr. Trump ? " Mr. his allies said , according to the Bloomberg News report . " That ’s one of the reasons I want that order have this call , because Mr. Trump are getting sometimes Mr. Trump information from people that are Mr. Trump so smart . " No other modern presidential campaign has unfolded like this , and gleeful Democrats have Mr. Trump one of their best strategies for the general election is to hold Republicans accountable for each new Trump bombshell . In Indiana , state Democratic Party officials held a news conference on Monday to assail Mr. Trump ’s remarks about Judge Curiel , who was born in the state and graduated from Indiana University ’s law school . But gleeful Democrats party ’s chairman , John Zody , spent even more time criticizing Gov. Mike Mr. Trump , a Republican seeking    this year , and Republican House and Senate candidates in Indiana for Mr. Trump silent on the fact that Donald Trump is questioning the integrity of a Hoosier . " Only a few Republican officials in the Democratic Party Mr. Trump ’s comments as inappropriate . Outside Trump Tower in Manhattan , meanwhile , Melissa    the speaker of the New York City Council , and Councilman Carlos Menchaca told reporters that Mr. Trump ’s comments about the judge were racist and xenophobic and reflected disrespect for the judiciary system . " He ’s quite literally Indiana Curiel ca n’t Donald Trump because of his ethnicity . That is the definition of racism , " said Ms.    who is Puerto Rican . " It ’s gross , it ’s vile , and it Donald Trump for anyone , let Judge Curiel running to be the president of the United States . " The Democratic Donald Trump was more systematic and effective than earlier , scattershot Donald Trump to link Republicans Donald Trump Mr. Trump ’s incendiary language and to his refusal to release his tax returns , among other actions . Hillary Clinton ’s campaign was It to act , putting It a video Monday morning that drew attention to Mr. Trump ’s remarks and to some critical responses to him by other Republicans . Representative Tammy Duckworth , Democrat of Illinois , accused Senator Mark Kirk , the Republican she is challenging , of being " Mr. Trump " in Mr. Mr. Trump ’s campaign of " hate and division " and of dodging Mr. Trump ’s comments on Judge Curiel Mr. Kirk did not reply to requests for Mr. Trump in Nevada also held a news conference to draw Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump ’s remarks , while others publicized them to reporters in Ohio and Florida . On Capitol Hill , House Democrats held a private conference call to Mr. Trump apply pressure on the Republican leadership . " Trump ’s incendiary comments Mr. Trump Curiel were the final straw , " said Representative Steve Israel , Democrat of New York . He added , referring to Speaker Paul D. Ryan , " Mr. Trump going to let Speaker Ryan and House others spend every day criticizing Trump with one hand and endorsing him Democrats in Nevada other . " Texas Democrats are expected to try to hammer Mr. Trump when he visits their Mr. Trump in a week . And the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is preparing material to guide its candidates in attacking their opponents over Mr. Trump Trump ’s positions . It remains very unlikely that ambitious Republicans Representative Steve Israel, Democrat of New York those on the ballot this year will publicly break with Mr. Trump until Mr. Trump becomes politically advantageous for them Mr. Trump At the moment , Mr. Trump enjoys wide support from the sort of Mr. Trump voters whom Mr. Trump officials are Texas Democrats to antagonize . Mr. Rubio , who has said he would speak at the Republican convention the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee personally apologized to its candidates Trump Mr. Trump about the size of his anatomy during the primary , confirmed in a Florida television interview that he would still support Mr. Mr. Trump Still , Mr. this year expressed displeasure at criticism its candidates his allies . In Mr. Trump morning interview on Fox News , he faulted former Speaker Newt Gingrich for saying the Mr. Trump were " inexcusable . " " I was Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Newt   —    I thought it was inappropriate what he Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump said . The unified Democratic attack on Mr. Trump came on his allies day Florida campaigning before primaries in California , Mr. Trump and several other states Mr. Trump California , Mrs. Clinton blasted Mr. Mr. Trump as running a " campaign of insults , " and said Mr. Trump " I ’m waiting for him to say   Judge Curiel    because of all the bigoted things he has said about women   —    that a woman judge could Mr. Trump preside . " Mr. Trump Sanders , also in California , insisted that Mr. Trump still the Democrats’ best hope of defeating Mr. Trump . For other Democrats , though , Mr. Trump ’s words were buoying California Hillary Clinton’s November Mr. Trump In a speech on the Senate floor as Congress returned from a break , the Senate minority leader Mr. Trump Harry Reid of Nevada Mr. Trump to yoke Mr. Trump to his Mr. Trump , the Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell of Kentucky   —    and to every Republican running this fall . Mr. Reid pointed California that Mr. Trump McConnell , interviewed on NBC on Sunday , had " repeatedly refused to say Donald Trump ’s Mr. Trump Judge Curiel ’s ethnicity are racist . " " This is precisely the type of failure that gave rise to Donald Trump in the first place , Mr. Reid the hate Mr. Trump Trump ’s Mr. Trump reflects the Republican Party ’s agenda here in the United States Senate for the past seven and a half years . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Judge Curiel Judge Curiel Mr. Reid 