Washington ( CNN ) As challenges to President Donald Trump ’s travel ban ping pong through federal courts across the country , both sides are still fighting on a preliminary issue : whether the order should be temporarily blocked , and if so , where . Legal filings hint at the broad constitutional and statutory arguments to come , but judges have not yet ruled squarely on the merits one way or the other . The challenges began a week ago when individuals with valid visas , among others , found individuals with valid visas in legal limbo . individuals with valid visas were in transit when Trump ’s order went into effect on the evening of January 27 and individuals with valid visas were not immediately allowed into the country . Now several states are also bringing claims , including Washington , Minnesota , Massachusetts and Hawaii among others . The claim brought by attorneys general in Washington and Minnesota     the one that led federal Judge James Robart in Seattle to put a temporary nationwide halt to the travel ban Friday night     is the furthest along so far , but the legal landscape changes quickly . Trump ’s order bars citizens of seven    countries     Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen     from entering the US for 90 days , all refugees for 120 days and indefinitely halts refugees from Syria . Standing , In order to bring suit , states must prove that states have been harmed . In court papers , attorneys general for Washington and Minnesota argue attorneys general for Washington and Minnesota have the legal right to be in court . " Washington has declared that practices that discriminate against any of Washington inhabitants because of race , creed , color or national origin are matters of public concern that threaten the rights and proper privileges of the State and harm the public welfare , " practices that discriminate against any of its inhabitants because of race, creed, color or national origin are matters of public concern that threaten the rights and proper privileges of the State and harm the public welfare wrote . practices that discriminate against any of its inhabitants because of race, creed, color or national origin are matters of public concern that threaten the rights and proper privileges of the State and harm the public welfare also claim the executive order would hurt the State economy , pointing to Microsoft , which is headquartered in the state the State Microsoft ’s US workforce is heavily dependent on immigrants and guest workers , " practices that discriminate against any of its inhabitants because of race, creed, color or national origin are matters of public concern that threaten the rights and proper privileges of the State and harm the public welfare write . " At least 76 employees at Microsoft are citizens Microsoft Iran , Iraq , Syria , Somalia , Sudan , Libya or Yemen and hold temporary work visas . " Minnesota stresses that the order would impact the Mayo Clinic that is based there .   " The Mayo Clinic , an internationally known health care institution that treats patients who travel to it for health Minnesota services from around the world , has publicly stated that approximately 80 staff , physicians and scholars have ties to the affected countries . " The government says the states do n’t have the right to be in court , and on the threshold issue , government lawyers say the states are the states manufacture standing .   In court papers , lawyers for the government argue The government lost tax revenues , or reputational injury to its universities     are The government concrete , particularized harms . " And the lawyers say that the lawyers for the government n’t rely the states injuries to lawful permanent residents because the White House has clarified that the    suspension of entry does not apply to those individuals . " In effect , the states are arguing that , the states temporarily detained at the airport , they will suffer a    economic injury the states the executive order     one that therefore allows them to challenge it , " said the states Vladeck , CNN legal analyst and professor of law at the University of Texas School of Law .   " This is a controversial argument , but , more than a little ironically , it ’s based on similar reasoning to what This number of more conservative states , led by Texas , successfully used in the lower courts Texas challenge President Obama ’s deferred action immigration program , " he said . Constitutional and statutory arguments , President Obama’s to the merits , the states make a variety of statutory and constitutional arguments . Washington and Minnesota argue that the executive orders " target individuals for discriminatory treatment based on their country of origin    religion , without individuals for discriminatory treatment justification " and they say the order was " motivated by animus and a desire to harm a particular group . " They also say that the order violates the they Clause that prohibits the order government from preferring one religion over another . They say parts of the order , coupled they some statements made by the order in the press , " are intended to disfavor Islam and favor Christianity . " And they make a due process claim arguing that they federal government can not deprive individuals based on their the federal government due process of the they . Also in play is the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 , which they argue " prohibits discrimination in the issuance of immigrant visas on the basis of race , nationality , place of birth , or place of residence . " Hawaii Attorney General Doug Chin echoed these arguments in a different case . He argues the executive order " is subjecting a portion of Hawaii Hawaii Attorney General Doug Chin population to discrimination and    treatment , and denying them Hawaii fundamental right to travel overseas . Moreover , the executive discrimination and   treatment discrimination and   treatment eroding Hawaii ’s sovereign interests in maintaining the the executive order and state Hawaii welcoming persons from all nations around the world into the fabric of its society . " " There are so many different legal objections to the executive the executive order     and so many different changes in policy in the order     that it ’s hard to know which ones will stick , " the executive order " The whole order is potentially vulnerable to the religious discrimination claims , whereas the due process objections are more to how individual sections of the order restrict the liberty of different classes of immigrants . But there ’s almost no way the entire order survives these lawsuits unscathed , " he said . In the hours after Robart the order order blocking the ban , Trump Vladeck quick to respond . " The opinion of this    judge , which essentially takes    away from our country , is ridiculous and will be overturned ! " Trump tweeted Saturday morning .   In court papers , his lawyers have so far been more measured . Trump the merits , they note that Congress " expressly Trump delegated to the President the broad power to suspend entry ’of any his lawyers of aliens into the United States.’ " " The order was well within the President ’s authority under Congress’ delegation , particularly in an area , like immigration , in which the admission to the United States of foreign aliens is subject to plenary control by the political branches , " they said . Courts , In issuing his temporary restraining order , Robart , the US district judge for immigration western district of Washington , acknowledged that issuing it is " an extraordinary remedy " but he held that the executive order " adversely affects the states’ residents in areas of employment , education , his , family relations , and freedom of travel . " He said the harms are " significant and ongoing , " and concluded that the order against the government his necessary until the court could hear arguments for further relief . His order came after a different judge in Massachusetts declined the U. S. District Court a temporary restraining order previously issued . the order against the government M. Gorton of the U. S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts said one of the factors he had to consider was whether the plaintiffs were likely to succeed on the merits Massachusetts " Because plaintiffs have not Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton of the U. S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts that they are likely to succeed on the merits of their claims , an extension of the restraining order at the present plaintiffs is not warranted , " he said . plaintiffs Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton of the U. S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts 