In answering a question about fitness for the presidency , Republican nominee Donald Trump claimed that the Hillary Clinton campaign paid protesters to " be violent " and to " cause fights . " [ : MOSTLY TRUE ,   James O’Keefe ’s recent video sting with Project Veritas revealed that contractors for the Hillary Clinton campaign trained activists   —    in some cases paid , in other cases volunteers   —    to disrupt Republican nominee Donald Trump rallies . The activists were used to trained activists   fights , " as Trump Republican nominee Donald Trump , with the goal of creating " anarchy " around the candidate .   Trump Republican nominee Donald Trump a bit too far in describing the tactic , however . He Republican nominee Donald Trump : Just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence ? She Republican nominee Donald Trump the one and Obama that caused the violence . They hired people such violence    they paid them $ 1 , 500 They and They ’re on tape saying be violent They cause fights , do bad things .    …      And I ’ll tell    what , in particular in Chicago , people were hurt and Chicago could have been killed in that riot .   It is important to note that the activists were not told to " be violent , " but rather to incite violence . And the figure of $ 1 , 500 appears to refer to one case , not to the general tactic used . Clinton ’s defenders might claim she did not know anything about the Clinton being used , but that defense does not suffice . The consultants who carried out the tactic , centered around Robert Creamer the general tactic used Democracy Partners organization , told O’Keefe ’s Robert Creamer investigators that they had set up a " " system The consultants who carried out the tactic, centered around Robert Creamer and his Democracy Partners organization that Clinton would not have to know directly about Clinton particular action being taken on her behalf , but Creamer appeared to admit Clinton video that Clinton Robert Creamer general knowledge about their activities . Clinton The consultants who carried out the tactic, centered around Robert Creamer and his Democracy Partners organization 