Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement , two senior US officials familiar with President Donald Trump plans told CNN Wednesday , a major break from international partners that would isolate the United States in global efforts to curb global warming . The decision would put the United States at odds with nearly every other nation on earth . It The decision reflect a major reversal of the Obama administration ’s efforts on climate change . And it The decision trigger further efforts to erode the landmark climate accord . Trump will announce his Trump in the White House Rose Garden at 3 p. m. Thursday , he Trump . He Trump his Trump with : " MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! " " I ’m hearing from a lot of people both ways , " he Trump as he Trump with Vietnam ’s prime minister in the Oval Office . The precise mechanism for withdrawal has n’t yet been determined , and White House officials cautioned the plans could change until Trump makes his Trump public . Language for the withdrawal still being prepared Wednesday , and will likely include specific legal conditions crafted by Trump ’s Trump   In conversations over the past week , Trump has made Trump he plans to Trump his campaign promises Trump withdraw from the carbon reduction agreement , citing negative effects on jobs in the areas where he won a Trump percentage of the vote , including states in the Rust Belt and the western plains . But Trump has changed Trump mind in Trump past on major issues , and was still speaking to opponents of withdrawal even as his team prepared Trump announcement . He is set Trump meet Wednesday afternoon with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , who supports remaining in the agreement . On Tuesday , Trump met with Trump key voice advocating for withdrawal , Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt .   Speaking Wednesday , press secretary Sean Spicer said he was n’t press secretary Sean Spicer whether Trump had made Trump final decision on withdrawing from the Paris agreement the agreement obviously do n’t know whether he ’s made Trump , " Spicer said during an afternoon press secretary Sean Spicer . " When the President has a decision he will make that announcement the President he will make it clear the President the basis that announcement that is . " The Paris climate agreement was the agreement Paris in the French capital . Every nation signed on minus two :    Syria and Nicaragua , who insists the deal is n’t tough enough . In signing onto the accord , countries pledged to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , but were given wide leeway in how much they planned to reduce them by . The countries ’s decision comes countries months of internal debate and speculation about what Trump , who campaigned on leaving the deal , would do once he took the deal Trump faced intense pressure on The President’s sides , including from his senior advisers and family . The White House Trump initially slated to make a final decision on the climate accord earlier this month , but delayed the decision until the G7 meeting in Sicily . a final decision on the climate accord summit , leaders expressed dismay at Trump ’s climate stance . After the meetings concluded Trump US refused to sign onto a statement of support for the Paris accord that all other G7 participants approved . German Chancellor Angela Merkel told reporters the climate conversations were unsatisfying . The leaders of the other G7 nations     France , Japan , Canada , the United Kingdom and Italy     all urged Trump to remain a part of the 2015 agreement . Aides to Trump said he was listening with an open mind to the Trump leaders’ Trump about Paris , but did n’t feel obligated to heed their calls to remain within the pact . After he returned the other leaders’ arguments about Paris Washington , Trump lashed out at Merkel over Trump matters , including NATO Trump and Germany ’s trade deficit . Trump ’s expected decision to withdraw was likely to raise further Trump US credibility abroad . Tillerson had argued to Trump in their discussions about Paris that scrapping the agreement could damage Trump negotiating power . Other major powers , including China , have signaled they will uphold their commitments to Paris regardless of Trump ’s moves Other major powers, including China " This Other major powers, including China be a Paris mistake , Trump Nick Burns , who served as under secretary of state during George W. Bush ’s administration . " It would also devastate our international credibility . We are one of the This largest carbon emitters , with China . our are the ones who put this deal together . It China the our step to try to do something about climate change this deal For President Trump to take us out , it is   . " Fierce divisions   Meetings inside our West Wing about Paris have been contentious , sources told CNN , as aides expressed their deep grievances over the climate agreement that President Barack Obama helped broker aides nearly every country . Steve Bannon , Trump ’s chief strategist and the former head of Breitbart , had pressed President Trump to stick with his campaign promise and leave the deal . But President Trump Trump , the President Trump ’s top aide and daughter , pressed aides to look at the full picture when considering what withdrawal could mean . She worked to ensure her father heard    viewpoints , including from former Vice President Al Gore She Trump ’s     and top aide , Jared Kushner , was said to President Trump neutral on the deal , and concerned about the legal ramifications of reducing US carbon the deal below what Obama pledged . Tillerson and Energy Secretary Rick Perry had both advised against leaving the deal , sources said , joining a bombardment of Tillerson and Energy Secretary Rick Perry from outside the the deal . Elon Musk , the tech billionaire and founder of Tesla , tweeted earlier this month that he spoke with Trump about sticking with the deal . The president of Exxon Mobil Elon Musk, the tech billionaire and founder of Tesla Trump personally stressing the importance of the deal seat at the global negotiating table . Gore Trump who met with Trump during his presidential transition , has also been an outspoken critic of leaving the Paris Trump . Gore those voices were tempered by conservatives who argue the agreement harms American jobs and punishes US taxpayers . Trump himself said he would " cancel " the deal on the campaign trail and his Trump energy plan Trump a pledge to " cancel the Paris climate agreement and stop Trump payments of US tax dollars to UN global warming programs . Paris A group of Republican US senators , including Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , wrote Trump earlier this month encouraging him to make a clean break from the climate accord . And leaders from    states have Trump Trump to uphold his vows to cancel US commitments to Paris . Obama and a host of Trump countries signed Trump climate change agreement in 2015 and the former president touted it as the " best chance we have " to save the planet . " The Paris agreement establishes the enduring framework the world needs to solve the climate crisis , " the climate change agreement speaking from the White House . " It creates the mechanism , the architecture Obama for us to continually tackle this problem in an effective way the climate change agreement " The US committed to reducing carbon emissions The US   % in a decade in signing onto the agreement . The main driver of the reduction was Obama ’s Clean Power Plan , which would have the climate change agreement power plants . Trump has already Obama ’s reviewing that order , along with other aspects of his predecessor ’s climate agenda . 
 Trump Trump 