  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton spent some time last week testing out one of Hillary Clinton potential vice presidential running mates , Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts . The two Democratic powerhouses made a series of stops where The two Democratic powerhouses promised to champion American workers and blasted Donald Trump . Although Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton campaign team are wise enough to understand that Hillary Clinton vice presidential pick wo n’t create a " " moment , Clinton and her campaign team also do n’t want to make any big mistakes . In a campaign where the threat facing Democrats is uncertain and unpredictable , Democrats also will want to make a choice that has the potential to become a tool against the insurgent Republican campaign . So who are the possible candidates being considered , and what value do Democrats bring to the ticket ? The selection will come down to the person who will be a good partner in governance and who will do no harm to the ticket . At the same time , the The selection really depend on what qualities Clinton wants to stress about the insurgent Republican campaign . Clinton the progressives    If Clinton wants to Clinton a pick that will energize her candidacy and Clinton the millions of voters who came out for Bernie Sanders demanding that the party embrace its progressive ideals the party there are four main choices on the table .   Elizabeth Warren : Sen. Warren would Elizabeth Warren the most energizing pick for Clinton and for Clinton campaign . Selecting Warren would add the Elizabeth Warren of star power to the Democratic ticket that would greatly enhance the historic nature of Clinton ’s candidacy Clinton would excite for two Elizabeth Warren . First , she is the most commanding Elizabeth Warren , other than Bernie Sanders , in the progressive wing of the Democratic Party . Selecting Warren would send a clear Elizabeth Warren to Democrats that a Clinton White House will Clinton the need to address the economic struggles facing so many middle class Americans and the need to impose stronger regulations on financial and business institutions . Second , in states like Pennsylvania and Ohio , where Trump will make a play for disaffected Democratic voters , Warren could offer a powerful retort and remind these voters that the economic disaffected Democratic voters Trump and the GOP do n’t really match up with the promises he is making about restoring their Warren security .   Her disaffected Democratic voters are clear . Most Warren , she will give Trump the opportunity Warren tag Trump Democrats as left of center . She does n’t have as much Warren policy experience as Clinton might like in these turbulent times , and Warren has already faced a small controversy by having claimed Native American identity earlier in her career . And if a Warren bias is a big part of this electorate , having two women on the same ticket could give Trump an advantage .    Sherrod Brown : The senator from Ohio is a swing state liberal with political experience who could energize the Democrats . He has a long record of The senator from Ohio hard on the economic issues that have so concerned Democratic and Republican voters and he could help make sure that The senator from Ohio does not steal the swing Trump that will be essential to his victory .   Brown has The senator from Ohio ability to play Sherrod Brown with blue collar workers who are looking for evidence from either party that they will keep listening to them either party the ballots close . either party has been one of the Sherrod Brown voices against free trade agreements , which will help in states like Pennsylvania . Like Warren , he gives Trump the opportunity to Sherrod Brown Democrats as left of center , but without bringing the kind of excitement and energy that Warren adds to the ticket . Warren Reid would not be happy with Brown on the ticket , since that would the ticket a chance to take back Brown ’s seat in the Senate . Brown Tom Perez : The secretary of labor is well liked in the liberal community for his progressive domestic agenda . His record The secretary of labor the Justice Department ’s The secretary of labor rights division , fighting on issues like police misconduct , would be a compelling factor for Clinton to do well with    voters . Like Julian Castro , he also would help to ensure that The secretary of labor large number of Hispanic voters come out in November . His problem is that he does n’t The secretary of labor the    value The secretary of labor the other two progressive possibilities , Warren and Brown . He would create a ticket of two The secretary of labor Obama cabinet members , which could be less than thrilling for voters . Cory Booker :   The senator from New Jersey and former Mayor of Newark represents many of the values and outlooks about politics that younger voters have been clamoring for . He has worked hard to address some The senator from New Jersey and former Mayor of Newark the biggest domestic issues that concern millennial and Generation X voters , such as job growth , education and    measures . He has a strong progressive record on The senator from New Jersey and former Mayor of Newark like criminal justice reform and financial regulation . He would also help bring out the The senator from New Jersey and former Mayor of Newark voter , which could prove to be crucial in a number of swing states . He is young , smart and savvy The senator from New Jersey and former Mayor of Newark knows how to work his Twitter account . His ties to The senator from New Jersey and former Mayor of Newark Street could be The senator from New Jersey and former Mayor of Newark problem in the current environment , and his support for charter schools might be The senator from New Jersey and former Mayor of Newark source of friction with teachers unions . But picking Booker would surely excite a significant part of the party and bring youthful energy to the campaign trail . Join us on Facebook . .   Aiming for Latino and Millennial voters , If Clinton wants a selection that will excite Latino and millennial voters and improve the odds that they will come out on voting day Latino and millennial voters two names loom larger than any other .     Julian Castro : The U. S. housing secretary and former mayor of San Antonio , only 41 years old , has been talked about frequently as a vice presidential pick who would energize Clinton ’s campaign by providing a younger Clinton figure . Castro has tackled    issues such as Julian Castro education and urban planning . Coming from an immigrant family , he could also make sure that the Julian Castro levels of immigrant voting anticipated for the Clinton ticket come to fruition . This Clinton of the vote could be extremely helpful in states like Florida , Nevada and Colorado , where Latinos are a major part of the population . He could also help with millennial voters Julian Castro generally have been lukewarm for Clinton . The combination of the two Clinton make a stark contrast with Trump ’s rhetoric , offering a reminder that Democrats are the party of pluralism , diversity and integration .   His negatives revolve around his lack of Julian Castro and the fact Julian Castro he has not been tested on the Julian Castro stage . Clinton , who is    would take a huge gamble by putting him out front . He would also Julian Castro Republicans an opportunity Julian Castro undercut one of her central attributes     experience and command of policy .    Xavier Becerra : The    Latino in Congress would be a bold choice for Clinton . Though he does n’t have the same name Xavier Becerra: The   Latino in Congress as Castro , Becerra has a stellar record on the Xavier Becerra: The   Latino in Congress and is widely respected within the Latino community .   With a Republican candidate who spends much of his time railing against immigrants , this Xavier Becerra: The   Latino in Congress would send a strong signal that the Clinton administration would fight for legislation to Clinton immigration . At the same time , given Becerra ’s resume , he would also Xavier Becerra: The   Latino in Congress the impression that Xavier Becerra: The   Latino in Congress Democratic ticket is one with governing experience . Appealing to Trump ’s base , If Clinton wants to make a pick that Clinton appeal to moderate suburbanites and white male voters     with whom Trump has been doing well     while Trump her case of being the ticket with Clinton most governing experience , there are three choices that are being considered . Tim Kaine : The senator from Virginia is often described as the safe and " boring " pick for Clinton . He brings to the ticket Clinton experience The senator from Virginia having been governor , mayor and senator     in governance , including foreign policy , and the potential to shore up Clinton ’s support with centrist Democrats who Clinton worried about the Sanders wing of the Democratic party gaining too much of a voice at the table . Given that Clinton has seen some troubling data regarding Clinton vote of white men in the election , Kaine ’s addition could help on that front . His calm demeanor and moderate disposition could Kaine assuring when many voters worry about the temperament of Trump . But there are problems Trump well . Liberal Democrats would see his selection as a rejection of everything Liberal Democrats has been discussing Bernie Sanders His ties to Wall Street have already Liberal Democrats moderate views Wall Street can also cause concern .   Given Liberal Democrats one of Clinton ’s challenges has been to create excitement about her candidacy , Clinton the Clinton’s candidacy boring " person on the list Clinton wo nt help . The recent revelations that he has accepted more than $ 160 , 000 in gifts as governor Liberal Democrats a political figure in Virginia , all of which were legal under Virginia law , can be Virginia problem in the politics of perception . Virginia understands better than almost anyone that the way things look can matter Clinton much as the technicality of the law . As Trump ramps up his attack on the Trump as Virginia law who make money off of elected positions , this story will provide him more fuel for the attacks . Trump Tom Vilsack : Like Kaine , he is a white male candidate who could help Clinton with Kaine important Kaine of voters while also bringing an impressive record Clinton governance , leadership and policy to the table . His work as governor of Iowa and as the U. S. secretary of Kaine would add to the long resume of the Democratic ticket .   Like Kaine , Vilsack certainly wo n’t excite the Democratic ticket his presence wo n’t calm Kaine among liberals Tom Vilsack Clinton ’s    commitment to Sanders’ Kaine .    Amy Klobuchar :   Clinton Minnesota lawmaker is one of the star figures in the U. S. Senate . Kaine the Senate could retain her seat even if she departs . A strong proponent of gun control and    policies , she could have immense appeal in suburban communities her which will play an important role in most key states . She her be exciting , adding to an already historic    ticket without being a real flashpoint of controversy . She her help compete in the Midwest where Trump will be making a strong play Trump voters . One of her her , like those of some of the other choices , is that she does n’t have much of a her policy record .   What should worry Republicans is the breadth of this her and the number of prominent politicians in the mix . The Democrats have a pretty strong range the Democrats to take this job . 
 