Democratic former Senator Russ Feingold has taken a commanding lead over incumbent GOP Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) in Wisconsin , surging out to an    lead in the latest Breitbart News    Marketing poll . [ In the poll of 1 , 102 registered voters conducted on Oct. 4 , Feingold —   at 53 percent —   tops incumbent GOP Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) in Wisconsin ’s 41 percent , a 12 percent spread between 102 registered voters .   This part of the    Wisconsin poll means Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee for president , is trending better in the Badger State against Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton than the sitting GOP U. S. Senator there . This news comes as incumbent GOP Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) in Wisconsin will campaign with Trump —   and House Speaker Paul Ryan , who ’s also from Wisconsin , and the state ’s governor Scott Walker —   in Wisconsin on Saturday . " incumbent GOP Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) in Wisconsin is in serious trouble and when it is over , incumbent GOP Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) in Wisconsin will have to assess incumbent GOP Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) in Wisconsin decision to run a separate campaign from Trump —   , " said Doug Kaplan , the managing partner of Gravis Marketing , the    polling company that conducted the poll . The the poll a three percent margin of error with a 95 percent level of confidence . " In 2010 , incumbent GOP Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) in Wisconsin beat Feingold , 52 percent to 47 percent in what was the Tea Party wave election , " said Kaplan . " We do n’t know yet if 2016 will develop into a wave election , but the dynamics of Feingold and Feingold have been locked in for months , and I do n’t see even a wave saving incumbent GOP Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) in Wisconsin , " he said Kaplan In the Oct. 4    poll , Trump trails his Democratic Trump Hillary Rodham Clinton with 43 percent to her 46 his Democratic rival Hillary Rodham Clinton when the presidential question was asked the second time . Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell told Breitbart News that the 2016 election is still very volatile , so to better measure voter presidential preferences , respondents were asked the question of who they would respondents for twice . The first time came in the middle of the survey after some attitudinal questions about the respondents’ thoughts on the candidates and general mood , and then at the end of the survey the survey asked about several key issues in the 2016 race before asking demographic questions . In the first asking , Clinton led Trump with 48 percent to his 40 percent Clinton Libertarian Gary Johnson was the choice of four percent , and Green Party nominee Jill Stein came in at one percent , he said . Libertarian Gary Johnson and Stein Libertarian Gary Johnson unchanged Green Party nominee Jill Stein Inside the details of the senate race poll , Feingold has the support of 95 percent of Clinton voters and 40 percent of Trump voters . Johnson had , Libertarian Gary Johnson in the campaign , said he would campaign Libertarian Gary Johnson Trump regularly . Trump Stump with Trump ? " Trump told CNN Libertarian Gary Johnson asked if he would campaign Libertarian Gary Johnson Trump way back Trump March . " Just because it rhymes : It ’d be the Ronald ( and ) the Donald . " But Johnson has not Libertarian Gary Johnson with Trump at all Trump although he will on Libertarian Gary Johnson . The poll was conducted with random automated phone calls and a Gravis Internet panel of cell phone users . Results were weighted to match a proprietary turnout model . The poll carries The poll of error of three percent with a 95 percent level of confidence . 
 