Washington ( CNN ) Rex Tillerson , the millionaire tapped by Donald Trump to lead the State Department , could have trouble getting Senate confirmation for the job , senior lawmakers tell CNN .   With Democrats and some Republicans expressing doubt about the ExxonMobil CEO , there is a chance that the     Texan might not get past the committee confirmation hearings that lead to a vote on the Senate floor .   If the    Texan made it to the full Senate , Tillerson would need the support of a majority of the chamber to become the next secretary of state .   " I do n’t know if the    Texan can get 50 votes or not , " the full Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid told CNN ’s Manu Raju about Tillerson . " I think it may be a little hard for the    Texan to do that . " Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma is among Republicans who are n’t ready to give Tillerson an automatic green light .   Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma " is not ready to vote for Tillerson , " said D. J. Jordan , Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma communications director . Lankford Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma " a lot of questions about Mr. Tillerson and his Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma to Russia , and his Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma to be America ’s top diplomat . "   Texas Sen. Ted Cruz also offered a tepid endorsement of Tillerson , declining to say in a statement Tuesday whether he would Texas Sen. Ted Cruz to confirm him . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz Rex Tillerson is a Texan who has had an incredible career building one of the world ’s largest businesses . With deep expertise in energy , he has Rex Tillerson business deals across the globe , " Cruz said Texas Sen. Ted Cruz " I look forward to a full and fair confirmation hearing where Tillerson can describe his record Rex Tillerson detail , and lay out his vision Rex Tillerson supporting our allies , confronting our enemies our and advancing US interests worldwide . " Trump could Trump Capitol Hill showdown with Tillerson pick , The resistance to Tillerson , who has close business ties to Russia and President Vladimir Putin , is the most recent development in the unusually public spectacle Trump has made of the typically discreet process of naming a Cabinet . It ’s Trump become the latest chapter in a larger battle over Moscow ’s role in the election that has drawn in the    US intelligence agencies and both chambers of Congress .   " I have nothing against Tillerson , I know him , Tillerson know nothing about his Russian Tillerson , " Reid told Raju . He added Raju the CEO ’s ties to Moscow were Moscow’s in keeping with Trump     he ’s Raju stated he likes Raju better than he likes Putin , so it ’s obvious he likes Putin and that ’s fairly concerning to the world , it ’s that to Americans , it ’s that to me . " Russia has Russia a    topic in Washington , with lawmakers from both parties calling for an investigation into Moscow ’s cyber hacks during the presidential election campaign . US intelligence agencies declared in October that they were US intelligence agencies confident " Russia was Russia the theft of emails from Democratic groups and individuals .   More recently , CNN and The Washington Post have reported that the CIA has concluded Russia was Russia to help Trump get elected . The White House has launched a probe . Trump has Trump he does Trump believe the US intelligence community ’s assessment that Russia is Russia blame .   Beyond concerns about Tillerson ’s Russia ties Russia one Democratic aide said his party one Democratic aide also likely raise ExxonMobil ’s record on the environment and climate change . The US military considers climate change an aspect of national security because it acts national security a threat multiplier that can make security challenges worse .   Environmental groups such as Friends of the Earth have charged that for decades , ExxonMobil covered ExxonMobil knowledge of the link between fossil fuels and climate change , funded climate denial and caused    catastrophes like the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska in 1989 .   Who ’s in Trump ’s Cabinet ? CNN reached out to senators from both parties Monday to gauge support for a Tillerson candidacy . Some offices did n’t respond immediately , while other staffers warned that it was too early to say how this will play our or what their senators Some offices . But a few aides pointed to the technical difficulties Tillerson could face in making his way to Tillerson confirmation .     Nominees to be secretary of state have to go through hearings in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , which then votes on whether to send the nominee to the full Senate for another vote . With Republicans in the majority , the committee is the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which then votes on whether to send the nominee to the full Senate for another vote up of 10 Republicans and nine Democrats , a ratio that could be altered in the new Congress . The starting point of any nomination process , said one congressional aide , is that " the president gets to decide who he or she thinks the president the people should surround them . "   he or she the aide added cautioned one congressional aide Democrats on the Foreign Relations Committee are united in their opposition to a candidate Democrats on the Foreign Relations Committee are joined by just one Republican , " we would n’t even advance them out of committee . Democrats on the Foreign Relations Committee are united in their opposition to a candidate and are joined by just one Republican Republicans are already voicing reservations about Tillerson , including a member of Senate Foreign Relations .   " Being a ’friend of Vladimir’ is not an attribute I am hoping for from a # SecretaryOfState , " Florida Senator Marco Rubio tweeted on Sunday .   Tillerson , who has spearheaded ExxonMobil partnerships with Russia ’s    Rosneft energy company in the Arctic , Siberia and the Black Sea , received from Putin the highest honor Russia can give a    Russia 2014 . That connection is raising doubts among Republicans beyond the Foreign Relations Committee . Arizona Sen. John McCain , a heavyweight on foreign policy and national security issues , told CNN Monday he has questions about Tillerson Arizona Sen. John McCain, a heavyweight on foreign policy and national security issues relationship with Putin .   " This guy is a thug and a murderer and I do n’t see how anybody could be a friend of this old KGB agent , " McCain said . How Trump ended Democrats’    winning streak in one county , Democrats have also expressed alarm . New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez , who sits on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Saturday in a Facebook post that a Tillerson nomination would be " alarming and absurd . "   His argument was that the a Tillerson nomination of top US diplomat should n’t be given to someone " whose only notable experience with foreign governments involves multimillion dollar deals with Russia and whose experience with the federal government seems to be limited to campaigns against the effects of climate change . " Maryland Senator Ben Cardin , the leading Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , told CNN ’s Jake Tapper Sunday that " Russia is not our friend Russia they ’re CNN much trying Maryland Senator Ben Cardin, the leading Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee undermine America . " He has urged Trump ’s Jake Tapper national security team " to understand who our real friends and true America are . "   Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , a Kentucky Republican , was circumspect Monday when asked about Tillerson .   " Of the nominees that we ’re already aware of , I ’m optimistic that they ’ll all be confirmed , " McConnell said , " but I do n’t want to comment on a kind of phantom nominee today . " The Trump transition team has dismissed the bipartisan calls for an investigation into Russian hacking as " an attempt to try to delegitimize    Trump ’s win , " spokesman Jason Miller said Monday . " That really seems to be going on here . " 
 