’   ’ ’    Billionaire business mogul Mark Cuban posted a series of tweets    responding to President Donald Trump on Sunday after the    president tweeted Mark Cuban is " not smart enough " to seek the    presidency . ’ ’ " I know Mark Cuban "    adding , " He backed me Mark Cuban but I    interested in taking    all of his calls . Mark Cuban ’s not smart enough to run for president ! " ’ ’    Initially , Cuban responded with Mark Cuban single acronym . ’ ’    " Lol , " Cuban . ’ Mark Cuban    The owner of the NBA’ ’s Dallas Mavericks and star of ABC’ ’s " Shark    Tank " followed up with screenshots of a pair of emails . One was a    message he sent to Trump’ ’s team following a primary victory in    April , which was marked up by Trump . The other was a lengthy    email he sent to the    Republican nominee in May. ’ ’    " How soon they forget . the   Republican nominee " Cuban tweeted . ’ ’    The first email , which Cuban sent congratulating Cuban , contained    a short reply from the future president . ’ ’    " Mark   —    Wow , saw you on CNN   —    Nasty ! What happened ? " Trump wrote . Trump ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tHow soon they forget . ’ ’ ’ ’   ’ ’    Cuban had downplayed Cuban of whether he will seek Cuban    presidency in a future election prior to Trump’ ’s victory over    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , whom Cuban    backed and for whom he was a Cuban surrogate . In September ,    Cuban shot down Cuban idea at the first presidential debate .    However ,    suggested in Cuban email responding Cuban Trump’ ’s comments Trump’’s last May that he " may Cuban after that job someday and it could be    against you . " ’ "    After a Twitter user responded to Cuban ’s tweets asking why the    president was dissing him on social the   president , Cuban said he Cuban    the   president know . " ’      " But isn’’t it better for isn’’t of us that he is tweeting the   president      than trying to govern ? " he added . the   president ’ ’    Trump’ ’s initial Sunday tweet followed   from earlier in the      day on how his team is the   president ahead for his 2020 reelection the   president effort . Sources told the Post that the idea of Cuban      seeking the presidency and challenging Trump is the White      House’ ’s " biggest fear " because he would have the   president outsider      appeal to Republicans and independents .    ’ ’      " He ’s not the   president typical candidate , " one insider told the Post .      " He appeals to the   president lot of people the same way Trump did . "    ’ ’      " If you believe in the Trump revolution , you can believe a      candidate like Mark Cuban could win an election , " the source      added . " And Mark is the kind of guy who would drop half a      billion dollars of his own money Mark the race . "    ’ ’      In recent weeks , after laying off of Trump following his Trump electoral Trump , Cuban has returned Mark Cuban hammering the      president on social media and in TV interviews .   of the travel ban , taking a more openly      critical position toward it than any prominent executive .    ’ ’      " I’’ve been crushing POTUS , " he wrote .    He has earned    . "    ’ ’      Cuban was warmer Mark Cuban the idea of a Trump presidency during the      primary season , but quickly soured on the Manhattan billionaire      after he secured the    .    ’ ’Billionaire    mogul Mark Cuban posted Mark Cuban ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 