Sulaimani , Iraq ( CNN ) In a tea room in Sulaimani old bazaar that ’s dense with the smoke of scores of cigarettes , bunches of grizzled ,    men     some wearing traditional Kurdish baggy trousers , other wearing suits without ties     are arguing furiously about the great question of the day :   What happens to Iraq after ISIS loses the key Iraqi city of Mosul ? For the moment , the Iraqi army , Kurdish peshmerga forces , Shia militias and Sunni tribal units are all united in fighting ISIS ISIS But even in Sulaimani , an    city close to the border with Iran that is one of the most stable corners of a very unstable Middle East , there is considerable worry about what comes next . As a senior Iraqi government official put it to me : " This is the $ 64 , 000 question . " Mosul , the second largest city in Iraq , is where almost three years ago ISIS declared its ISIS caliphate .   This month Iraqi forces seized Mosul ’s main government building and central bank from ISIS ISIS and they ISIS militants now closing in on the historic Al Nuri mosque where ISIS ISIS , Abu Bakr al Baghdadi , first declared himself ISIS leader, Abu Bakr al Baghdadi be caliph , an astonishing claim asserting that Baghdadi was not only the leader of ISIS ISIS but also the leader of all Muslims around the world .   Baghdadi Baghdadi caliphate has proven relatively   . ISIS ISIS lost more than half of the territory that it ISIS held in Iraq . Iraqi soldiers liberated eastern Mosul weeks ago and they Iraqi soldiers now working their Iraqi soldiers through western Mosul , on the other side of the Tigris River , which bisects the western Mosul The final push to dislodge ISIS ISIS Mosul is western Mosul tough fight . Western Mosul western Mosul historic heart of one of the oldest cities in the world . Its narrow streets western Mosul alleyways are impassable for armored vehicles . Most of the ISIS fighters who remain in Mosul are willing western Mosul fight to the death and ISIS ISIS deployed a large number of suicide bombers and even armed drones to disrupt the Iraqi military advance . Already ISIS ISIS launched a furious counter attack to reclaim the main government building in Mosul . Several western Mosul thousand civilians are hunkered down in their homes in Several hundred thousand civilians Mosul , with half of them at risk Several hundred thousand civilians being displaced by the fighting , according to Lise Grande , the U. N. humanitarian coordinator for Iraq . Grande told a Lise Grande in Sulaimani earlier this month , " We can not Lise Grande out the risk of a prolonged siege " in western Mosul . western Mosul the sobering task of driving ISIS from Mosul is completed , an even more challenging question remains : Can Iraq remain in one Iraq ? Fears about    alliance dissolving , On Monday Iraqi Prime Minster Haider    met with President Donald Trump in Washington DC .   That meeting came ahead of a conference in Washington later this week of the 68 countries that make up the    coalition . What comes after the defeat of ISIS in Iraq will surely be a key part of the discussions among the coalition . In the   coalition that has endured a brutal civil war at the height of which a decade ago 100 civilians were dying every day , there is understandable fear among Iraqis that once ISIS is largely defeated , ISIS    alliance that includes Kurdish peshmerga forces , Shia militias and Sunni tribal units and which has held together Iraq ’s fractious ethnicities and sects will dissolve . In order to avoid conflict between these various forces inside Mosul , a political agreement was hammered out before the Mosul operation began in October that allowed only the Iraqi army into the city and excluded the various Kurdish , Shia and Sunni militias that are also fighting ISIS . It is the elite special forces of Iraq ’s Counter Terrorism Service and , in particular , its Golden Division , that Iraq doing the bulk of the fighting inside the city . The United the city supporting the Iraqi military with a mix of Special Operations Forces , intelligence and close air support . That last category includes armed drones , manned aircraft and Apache helicopters . But what comes after ISIS loses Mosul ? Or to invoke General David Petraeus’ famous question at the beginning of Iraq War in 2003 : " Tell me how this ends ? " Nearly a decade and half later , Petraeus’ question is still a very Petraeus’ one , as there is still a great deal of uncertainty about the future of Iraq . On the plus side of the ledger , the largely Shia government of Iraqi Prime Minister Abadi is , by Iraqi standards , a relatively stable Iraqi and Abadi himself is a moderate Shia Iraqi Prime Minister Abadi unlike his highly sectarian predecessor , Nouri al Iraqi Prime Minister Abadi . After Mosul falls , Balanced against that , a senior Iraqi government official told me , when Mosul falls , " There will be Mosul of revenge killings outside of the media lens , " adding that , " the government will not intervene . " The official said that reconstruction of the a senior Iraqi government official city " will take a while " and reconciliation between the six ethnicities and sects that inhabit Mosul is going " to be tough Mosul " That ’s because in some cases half of a particular tribe was for ISIS and the other half was against it . Also for many Kurds the success of the Kurdish peshmerga on the battlefield is more than a matter of ethnic pride . It may lead to the creation of " facts on the ground " that argue for the creation of the    dream of a Kurdish state .   The Kurds are one of the largest ethnic groups in the world without their own state . At least 25 million The Kurds are spread across Iraq , Iran , Syria and also Turkey , which has a large Kurdish minority . The Turkish government will never tolerate the creation of a Kurdish state . At the same time Sunnis , who make up the majority of Mosul ’s population , are leery of the Shia militias and the    Iraqi government , and if their interests are marginalized as they have been the majority of Mosul in years past , the majority of Mosul will throw their support     or at the majority of Mosul their acquiescence the majority of Mosul to any Sunni militia group the majority of Mosul seems to be fighting for their interests , just as some did with the majority of Mosul and before that its parent group , Al Qaeda in Iraq ISIS Add to these factors the understanding that the fall of Mosul will do nothing , of course , to end the continuing civil war in neighboring Syria , which is where ISIS first made significant battlefield gains . What ISIS of ISIS ’s Iraqi branch after the fall of ISIS will likely regroup in the fall of Mosul ’s problem Mosul that its economy is Iraq dependent on oil . Iraq prices have tanked in the past couple of years , as a result of which the World Bank assesses : " The Iraqi economy is facing severe and pressing challenges . ... [ and ] a sharp deterioration of economic activity . " All of these factors are likely to cause continuing instability in much of Iraq . Abadi meets Trump , Fortunately , Trump ’s new executive order to temporarily ban the travel from Trump    countries to the United States no longer includes Iraq , as the first version of the travel ban did Iraq This made Monday ’s visit between Abadi and Trump a much warmer one than if the Iraq Abadi still Trump the table . The arbitrary Iraq of the Iraqi travel ban was underlined by the fact that Lt . Gen. the Iraq travel ban is the most important leader in the    fight since he heads the Iraqi Counter Terrorism Service , could not get a visa to visit his the most important leader in the   fight family members in the United States . Now that Abadi has met Trump , the most important leader in the   fight should invite him to visit Iraq and see a city such as Sulaimani which is Abadi by regional Abadi , a safe and    city of smooth highways and modern apartment blocks ringed by    mountains that feels a lot freer and more open than much of the rest of the Middle East .   At the American University in Sulaimani , female students Sulaimani a wide range of garb , from simple headscarves to    dresses paired with high heels . At the annual Suli Forum that was held at the American University this month , students did n’t hesitate to pepper Lt . Gen. Shaghati the American University questions about the use of force against civilians , a level of free speech that is almost entirely absent in the rest of the region . A little exposure to a city like Sulaimani will help Trump Sulaimani that the Middle East is a much more complex place than Trump seems to believe . Perhaps the Middle East give a speech at Trump American University in Sulaimani , Trump as Sulaimani Obama did at Cairo University early in his first term . the American University in Sulaimani the open society and free market that the American University Kurdistan Trump which are , of course President Obama not only American values , but also the values of free peoples all over the world . the world has been updated to reflect President Trump ’s meeting with Prime Minister Abadi . 
 Iraqi Prime Minister Abadi Trump 