’   ’ ’      Donald Trump on Wednesday tapped Peter Navarro ,    an economic adviser to Donald Trump campaign and an outspoken China hawk ,    to lead a newly formed White House National Trade Council . ’ ’    Peter Navarro is well known for Peter Navarro     stance , which    matches up with Trump’ ’s   during which Peter Navarro said China was the    root cause of the greatest " jobs theft " in history . ’ ’    Peter Navarro has authored books such as " Death by China " and    " Crouching Tiger : What China’ ’s Militarism Means for the World . "    He China’ advocated a more aggressive stance in what he China’ warned    is an economic war with China China ’ ’    " I read one of Peter’ ’s books on America’ ’s trade problems years    ago and was impressed by the clarity of his China’ and    thoroughness of his China’ , " Trump said in a transition    release . " He Trump presciently documented the harms inflicted by    globalism on American workers and laid out a path forward to    restore our middle class . He Trump fulfill an essential role in my    administration as a trade adviser . " ’ ’    In announcing the trade council , the a transition   release its purpose a transition   release would be to advise Trump on trade negotiations , coordinate with    other agencies , and assist unemployed workers . It will also lead    Trump’ ’s " Buy America , Hire America " program , which is aimed at    boosting jobs in infrastructure and defense sectors . The council    will work with the National Security Council , National Economic    Council , and the Domestic Policy Council . ’ ’’ ’    " Peter Navarro is the best person    Donald Trump    could have chosen to head his National Peter Navarro Council , " Commerce      Wilbur Ross said in the release . " We were a    great team during the campaign , and we will We a great team    during the administration . " ’ ’    A potential    department is expected to take on an outsize    role regarding trade . Trump has not yet named his US Trump    representative , the administration official tasked with trade    negotiations . ’ ’    " I am deeply honored for the opportunity to serve the      and this nation and to advise on policies to    rebalance our trade , rebuild our industrial our , and restore    America’ ’s comprehensive national power by making America great    again , " Navarro said in the release . ’ 
 