’    ’ "      Donald Trump   that he     Donald Trump   to nominate South Carolina    Gov. Nikki Haley as US ambassador to the United Nations   —    but the    politicians’ relationship has n’t always been genial . " ’    Haley Gov. Nikki Haley   within the Republican Party    throughout campaigning for the 2016 election . ’ ’    Earlier this year , she Gov. Nikki Haley the rebuttal to President Barack    Obama’ ’s final State of the Union address , and it was widely    hailed as a       . In the speech , she Gov. Nikki Haley by imploring Americans not to    succumb to " the angriest voices . " ’ ’    " We live in a time of threats like few others in recent memory , "    she Gov. Nikki Haley . " During anxious times , it can be tempting to follow the    siren call of the angriest voices . We must resist that    temptation . " ’ "    Haley is the daughter of Indian immigrants and the first woman    governor in South Carolina ’s history . Some accused Trump of    stoking       during his campaign for       . " ’’ ’    Trump Trump went after Haley Haley the primaries . In March , when    Haley Haley Republican Sen. Marco Rubio ,   " The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by    Nikki Haley ! "   with " bless your heart , " which is not exactly    a nicety in the South . ’ ’    In September , Haley possibly Haley Trump’ ’s general election    rival , Democrat Hillary Clinton , when she tweeted Haley she    Haley her day Haley " Fight Song " by Rachel Platten   —    the same    song Clinton blasted at nearly every public campaign appearance    she    Clinton ’ ’    " Wanted to share so that everyone gets an additional boost ! "    . ’ ’    Haley supported Trump once he became Haley Republican nominee . And    she has    mentioned as a possible future Republican    presidential contender . ’ ’    Haley rose Haley national prominence when she   Haley the South Carolina capitol    grounds after nine black people were killed in a Charleston    church in June 2015 . Removing the flag was seen as going against    the grain of traditional Southern conservative politics . ’ ’    " It came down to one simple thing , " she   at the time . " I couldn’’t look my son    or daughter in the face and justify that flag the flag . " ’ ’ that it " was a moment of political and racial    drama , and a signature moment for Ms. Haley , who blended the    traditional values of the South   —    faith , family , empathy   —    into a    powerful call for taking down the flag as the flag of unity ,    healing and renewal . " ’ "    Haley has had a high approval rating in South Carolina , but it    fell to   Haley % in a Public Policy Polling . She ’s also fairly   Haley among Democrats . " ’    She was elected to   Haley South Carolina House of Representatives in    2004 and five years later was running for governor . ’ ’    Haley’ ’s campaign for the South Carolina House the South Carolina House of Representatives    times .   one state lawmaker called her a    "   Haley , " and " campaign fliers compared a ’’ white       owner ’’ to an ’’ Indian      . ’’ " ’ ’    She became the youngest   Haley in South Carolina history at 38 . ’ ’ Allan Smith contributed to this report . ’ 
 