Washington ( CNN ) White House adviser Kellyanne Conway is denying White House adviser Kellyanne Conway suggested there was wider surveillance of President Donald Trump during the campaign , telling CNN Monday that White House adviser Kellyanne Conway comments in a recent interview were taken out of context . Sunday night , White House adviser Kellyanne Conway appeared to expand President Donald Trump allegations that the Obama administration wiretapped White House adviser Kellyanne Conway phones at Trump Tower     a claim for which the President has not yet provided evidence     when White House adviser Kellyanne Conway told the Bergen Record there could have been even wider spying on the Trump campaign , including the use of microwaves and television sets .   White House adviser Kellyanne Conway did not provide any evidence for the claims . Pressed about the comments by CNN ’s Chris Cuomo on " New Day , " Conway insisted White House adviser Kellyanne Conway was not alleging actions by the Obama administration against the the Trump campaign " I was answering a question about surveillance techniques generally , " White House adviser Kellyanne Conway said . When Cuomo pressed Conway Chris Cuomo White House adviser Kellyanne Conway Conway     saying the question posed to White House adviser Kellyanne Conway was " asked specifically " rather than generally     Conway shot back Conway countering that White House adviser Kellyanne Conway was not responsible for providing proof of such surveillance .   " I ’m not Inspector Gadget , " Conway said . Conway I do n’t believe people are using the microwave to spy on the Trump campaign . However , I ’m not in the job of having evidence that ’s what investigations are for . " Rather than alluding to wider surveillance of the Trump campaign the Trump campaign she was simply noting that she were news reports of advanced technologies that facilitate spying , an observation that had been warped thanks to people ’s desires to " fit things how they want , " Conway people’s .   " I was talking about surveillance generally , but people are going to fit that the way they want to fit it people " Conway said .   When Conway brought up current controversy over Trump campaign officials’ relations with Russian politicians     " this seems to be a distraction " from that controversy , Cuomo said     Conway shot Cuomo . " Conway ( it seems that way ) to you and maybe to other people who do n’t necessarily want Donald Trump to be president Trump to other people , they see it as what it other people     talking about news it and talking about surveillance generally , " Conway answered . " My Conway of you . .. is not about not wanting the President to be President , " Cuomo countered . " That ’s unfair and it ’s hurtful because you are feeding people ’s animosity . " " Feeding people ’s animosity ? Look over your shoulder , " Conway shot back . " Conway have    Secret Service protection because of people feeding people ’s animosity . Do n’t claim that privilege . " Trump ’comfortable waiting’ over wiretap claims , Monday is the deadline set by the House Intelligence Committee for the Department of Justice to provide evidence of Trump ’s wiretapping allegations . A number of Republican lawmakers     including Sen. John McCain     have also called for the President to explain his claims that Obama arranged for the President to be surveilled . On Trump’s , Cuomo repeatedly probed Conway on why the President President did n’t " pick the President phone " and clarify his recent accusations himself .   " the President has more power than the President , yet he has n’t the President call to ( the President Director ) Jim Comey , " Cuomo said . " Why ? " " the President ’m not going to discuss who he does and does n’t call , " the President replied . " The President is comfortable Conway . " Conway the President to condemn recent leaks , saying Conway " somebody in the government is giving information they should not be . " " We have somebody in the government of the President ’s readout of somebody in the government conversation he ’s the President a head of state , " the President added . " That ca n’t be . " Conway Conway said " we know ( former national security adviser Conway General ( Michael ) Flynn was wiretapped , " Cuomo immediately interrupted her : " General Flynn was not wiretapped . " Flynn adviser then Flynn Flynn saying , " I ’m sorry     that people Flynn the conversation . " Asked whether Trump was right to call Obama " bad or sick , " Conway demurred . " I ’m going to let the President speak for himself , " Conway said . " He ’s perfectly capable the President that . Conway Employment statistics now the President meaningful number’ Conway later steered the conversation toward recent employment numbers : 235 Conway 000 new jobs in February and a dip in the unemployment rate . " Let ’s talk about real things , not fantasy things , " Conway said . " Let ’s talk about the jobs he Conway created . " Noting ’s the numbers were similar Conway statistics from the month of February in recent years , Cuomo also brought up Trump ’s February attacks on the same Conway from the Bureau of Labor Statistics . " ( Trump ) has    the job numbers as phony every Trump Trump " Cuomo said . " Now he says they ’re phony phony Conway , and you do Conway think that ’s worthy phony criticism ? " " Why flick your wrist at that as if you ’re one of the guys in construction ? " Conway countered . " It ’s a meaningful number . " ’Everybody will have coverage’ Also meaningful , Conway said , was the GOP ’s bill to repeal and replace Obamacare , Conway about which a Congressional Budget Office analysis is expected Monday .   " The President has said everybody will have coverage and they will have a smooth transition , " Conway responded after Cuomo asked whether everybody would lose coverage under the new law Conway Contrary to recent reports , nobody currently insured under Medicaid would lose coverage , Conway said . " I ’m not going to let that stand , " Conway said . " The fact is if you ’re on Medicaid now and Conway ’s how you get your health insurance , that ’s Medicaid you ’ll get your health insurance in the future . " When asked about opposition from Republican your health insurance replied that the President was working hard to ensure the legislation passed . Conway " He ’s working the phones , he ’s doing what leaders do , he ’s listening the President he ’s negotiating , he the President " Conway said . " He the President receiving all this the President . " Last the President Conway White House press secretary Sean the President downplayed the CBO ’s upcoming scoring , saying at a briefing , " If you ’re looking to the CBO for accuracy , you ’re looking in the wrong place . " But Trump the CBO’s the CBO ’s analysis once it is released , Conway said .   " The CBO is a the CBO’s important component of Trump , " Conway said . " We ’re the CBO’s scoring . " 
 Conway 