’   ’ ’    In his testimony on Thursday , Comey    , made clear that President Donald Trump did not ask his    to close the broad Russia inquiry . Rather , when Trump asked Comey    to " let President Donald Trump go , " Trump was referring specifically to the    President Donald Trump criminal investigation into whether former national    security adviser Michael Flynn lied to FBI investigators . ’ ’    So FBI Angus King asked Comey whether   would have interfered with Comey    broader    Russia investigation . ’ the   ancillary criminal investigation into whether former national   security adviser Michael Flynn lied to FBI investigators " Comey said . Then he paused to Comey    , and said Comey    was    " unlikely . " And then he described how halting the criminal    Comey    into Flynn could possibly interfere with the    broader counterintelligence investigation . former national   security adviser Michael Flynn ’    " There the   ancillary criminal investigation into whether former national   security adviser Michael Flynn lied to FBI investigators you have a criminal case    against someone and you bring it and squeeze them , you flip them ,    and they give you information about something else , " Comey said them ’       them Comey    a lot about " loyalty , " but loyalty for him is usually    a    street : Others are supposed to be loyal to Trump . Comey    even said Trump   if Comey    investigation flushed out untoward    Trump by other campaign satellites of Trump ’ ’’ "    But when Comey    came to Flynn , Trump leaned on Comey to back off .    With Flynn Comey    Trump ’s loyalty Trump street Trump Why ? Is it that    he has special Flynn affection Trump ? Or is it because he    is afraid of what Flynn might Trump prosecutors to get out from Flynn under a criminal investigation ? Trump "    I am not Flynn that Trump and Flynn engaged in a    ,    quid pro quo scheme with the Russians . That seems too    complicated Flynn and there are simpler explanations for Trump ’s      behavior and Russia ’s    behavior . "       But I am positing that Trump is a person with no ethical    standards who openly describes himself as " greedy , " and that Trump Flynn is a person who has shown a willingness to   from hostile and    foreign powers and    then act in his official capacities to benefit those foreign    powers . And I am positing that Trump and Flynn tended to get up    to no good together . ’ ’    Who knows what unknown unknowns are Flynn there   —    and what Trump    and his buddy Flynn could have gotten up to . ’ ’    " In any complex investigation Trump you start Trump Flynn rocks ,    sometimes you find things that are unrelated to the primary    investigation that are criminal in nature , " Comey    on    Thursday . ’ ’    There are certain rocks that Trump seems to have really not    wanted turned over    —    rocks he told the FBI director he " Trump " he    would not    over , and rocks over which he Trump to have fired    Trump FBI director out the FBI director    frustration that they might be turned    over . the FBI director "    I would    the FBI director ’s under those rocks the FBI director " ’In his testimony on Thursday , James Comey , the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 the FBI director 