Washington ( CNN ) China has agreed to return the US underwater drone that China seized in international waters earlier this week , the Pentagon said Saturday . " the Pentagon have registered the Pentagon objection to China ’s unlawful seizure of a US unmanned underwater vehicle operating in international waters in the South China Sea . Through direct engagement with Chinese authorities , we have secured an understanding that the Chinese will return the UUV to the United States , " Pentagon spokesman Peter Cook said in a statement . Details were not immediately available on when or how the drone may be returned . Earlier , China ’s Defense Ministry said authorities had decided to return it , but criticized the US for having " hyped up " the issue .    Donald Trump weighed in on the incident , calling China’s action " unprecedented . "   Later in the day , he Donald Trump , " We should tell China that we We n’t want the drone they stole back .   let them they it we don’t want the drone they stole back " " Upon confirming that the device was a US underwater drone , the Chinese side decided to transfer it the device the US side in an appropriate manner , " Chinese Defense Ministry spokesman Sr . Col . Yang Yujun said . " China and the United States have been communicating about this process . It is inappropriate     and unhelpful for a resolution     that the the United States unilaterally hyped up the issue . We express our regret We that . " The statement added that the US the United States been frequently deploying ships and aircraft to conduct    surveillance and military surveys in waters facing China . China firmly opposes China acts and demands the US cease the United States . China will stay alert China relevant US activities and will take necessary measures to counter them . " A relevant US activities left with the State Department was not returned . RELATED : Pentagon demands China return US underwater China , Saturday morning , Trump tweeted , " China steals United States China research drone in international waters    rips it out of water United States Navy research drone in international waters    takes it to China in United States Navy research drone in international waters    act China " Trump initially tweeted that Trump was an " unpresidented " act , leading him to delete the Trump and retweet it with the correct the message . Incident in international waters , The incident , the latest encounter in international waters in the South China Sea region , occurred earlier this week about 100 miles off the Philippine port at Subic Bay . The USNS Bowditch had stopped in the water to pick up two underwater drones . At that point , a Chinese naval ship that had been shadowing the Bowditch put a The USNS Bowditch into the water . That small the water up alongside a small boat crew took one of the drones . The US got two underwater drones from the Chinese on the radio when it said the drone was American property , a the radio defense official told CNN . As they turned away , the Chinese did come up The US the radio and the Chinese were returning to their own the radio US oceanographic the Chinese vessels are often the Chinese in the water under the assumption they are spying . In this case , however , the US oceanographic research vessels was simply measuring ocean conditions , the official said the drone earlier in the week said said China a US defense official unlawfully seized " the drone , calling for its immediate return . Although it ’s the drone the motivation was for the China , the seizing of China drone comes on the heels of other provocative incidents that have happened the drone received a congratulatory call from Taiwan ’s President , a violation of the US ’s agreement with China ’s " One China policy . " China publicly voiced its disapproval of that incident and contacted the China House at the China . 
 China 