’   ’ ’    Are there more damaging tapes of Donald Trump making lewd    remarks ? ’ ’    The rumor mill hit a fever pitch over the weekend as the    Republican presidential nominee faced an onslaught of backlash    for a leaked recording of    him ’ ’   ’ ’    Late on Saturday , a producer from the first two seasons of NBC’ ’s    " The Apprentice , " the show Trump famously hosted ,   when it    comes to the trumptapes there are far    worse . justthebegininng . " ’ ’    Fox News host Geraldo Rivera also chimed in on Sunday , saying    that Fox News host Geraldo Rivera uncovered more " embarrassing " remarks Trump made with Fox News host Geraldo Rivera    during past interviews . ’ ’’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’surprised " similar stories to Friday’ ’s    leak in The Washington Post haven’’t happened . ’ ’    The source said the Manhattan billionaire " talked like that all    the time . " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " If a $ 5 million ’’ leak fee ’’ is what stands between truth and    total Trump implosion , sign me up , " David Brock , the founder of    American Bridge and a leading Clinton ally , . ’ ’    Another source told BuzzFeed that Mark Burnett , the producer of    " The Apprentice , " is backing Trump and has threatened staffers    with legal action should staffers   with legal action decide to leak additional    material .    ’ ’    Friday’ ’s shocking leaked recording of Trump , which was    picked up by a hot mic and   on Friday , came from an interaction between Trump and television personality Billy Bush in 2005 . In addition to his Trump comments about grabbing women " by the    " Trump Trump a litany    of other sexually suggestive remarks . ’ ’    Almost immediately , Trump Trump under fire from those on both    sides of the aisle   —    as many top Republicans either strongly       the his   comments about grabbing women "by the    unendorsed the Manhattan billionaire    altogether . ’ "    Just a short time before the start of Sunday night ’s debate ,    Trump Trump a press conference with three women who accused former    President Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct , and one woman who    was a victim in a rape case in which the former secretary of    state defended the accused . It was viewed as an attempt to    move the conversation away from the latest tapes and back onto    the Democratic nominee . " 
 