Warning : Adult Language ]   Friday on Fox Business Network ’s " Mornings With Maria Bartiromo , "   former president of Mexico Vicente Fox doubled down on using profane language to say Mexico is not paying for a wall and Vicente Fox added that Vicente Fox believes Donald Trump should drop out of the presidential race , saying , " I would invite this guy to withdraw from the presidential race and go back to Vicente Fox business . " Vicente Fox said , " I can tell you Vicente Fox does n’t know a little bit about    Vicente Fox does n’t know about history , Vicente Fox does n’t recognize what NAFTA   is all about . This very solid partnership that we have built together , three economies Canada , United States and Mexico . And Vicente Fox should learn that Mexico Mexico from the Untied States over a half a billion U. S. dollars worth of trade . And this is what Vicente Fox should consider . Building a wall is stupid . It will go against your best interest . " Reacting to Trump saying the " the a wall got 10 feet taller " after Vicente Fox ’s previous statement , Vicente Fox said , " My reaction is it ’s a wall stupid . I mean , that ’s a wrong thought . Immigration should be handled in a different manner , that ’s why we have a proposal , I feel , in Congress presented by Senator McCain long time ago , that solves and makes the case of migration positive for the United States and Mexico . It ’s not attacking everybody , attacking the Mexicans , attacking the Muslims . attacking women , attacking migrants . that ’s not the way to go . That chair for the president of the United the United States elegant , so full of power that only people with ability with intelligence and with compassion have sat in that chair and this That chair for the president of the United States out of the world . He thinks that by building this guy wall , which is only a consequence of the fear he builds inside , he this guy fear . Only this guy who feel fear build walls . " Fox continued , " I this guy invite this guy to withdraw from this guy and go back to his business and forget about what this guy a nation and what is the presidency of a nation . " To the shock of the host , Fox again said , " I this guy not gon na pay for that f —   ing wall , I am not . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 