New York ( CNN ) Donald Trump finally took the plunge . Donald Trump will appear on " State of the Union with Jake Tapper " this Sunday at 9 a. m. EDT .   The real estate mogul and TV reality star launched his presidential campaign Tuesday , ending more than two decades of persistent flirtation with the idea of running for the Oval Office . " So , ladies and gentlemen , I am officially running for president of the United States , and we the United States going to make our the United States again , " Trump told the crowd in a lengthy and meandering    speech that hit on his signature Trump like currency manipulation from China and job creation , while also taking shots at the president and his competitors Trump the Republican side . " Sadly the American dream is dead , " Trump said Trump the end of his speech Trump " But if I get elected president I will bring it back I get elected president and better and stronger than ever before . " Just over four years after he came Trump than ever to launching a campaign before bowing out , Trump made Trump announcement Trump the lavish Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York , laying out a vision to match his incoming Trump slogan , " Make America Great Again . " The    tower venue Trump used Trump was more than just the backdrop to Trump ’s Trump , instead becoming a physical embodiment of what Trump is bringing Trump the table and the challenges he ’ll face Trump he formally enters Trump : it ’s both a sign of his overwhelming success Trump business and , as the site of the famous " Apprentice " boardroom , a symbol of the reality TV label he ’ll struggle Trump shake off . The Tower , also home to " The Apprentice " television shows , crystallized the challenge Trump faces as he looks to Trump over voters . Many Americans now view him primarily as Trump reality TV star after 14 seasons of his " Apprentice Trump series , and his numerous flirtations Trump a presidential run     first in 1987 , then 1999 and again in 2004 , 2008 and most recently in 2011     have left voters    as he prompted yet Trump round of    or won’   speculation . Trump has already billed himself as the Trump most successful person ever to run for the presidency , by far , " pointing out even that he owns a Trump Gucci store that ’s worth more than Romney . " That Gucci store was Gucci far as Trump made his Trump     Trump ’s located Gucci store the lobby of the Trump Tower . But Trump showed Tuesday Trump he wo n’t Trump away from the     luxury and opulence that makes up his     lifestyle Trump Instead , he flaunted his Trump and Trump in business as a centerpiece of his presidential platform Trump and he began that Trump on Tuesday , trumpeting Tuesday whopping $ Trump . 7 billion net worth during his announcement speech Trump Trump ’s net worth was previously estimated at roughly $ 4 billion . " That ’s the kind of thinking our country needs , " Trump said after Trump off his net worth Trump to the thousandth dollar . He pointed out Trump his wealth and Trump business career not only qualified him to be Trump     " I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created . "     but that it would allow him to rid Trump of the Trump interests that he said control Trump politics . That ’s because the billionaire said he would    the billionaire presidential campaign the billionaire not only ridding himself of some the billionaire influences , but also freeing up more time to campaign as candidates can often spend about half their time raising candidates to keep their campaign coffers candidates depleting . " I ’m really rich , " Trump said , adding that his confident attitude Trump what the country needs after having " losers " run the country . the country press Trump a    summary of his assets and liabilities on Trump’s press aide and Trump pledged to release Trump full financial disclosure , including income tax returns , required by the Federal Election Commission before the first debate . Trump ’s wealth and Trump is business is part of what he hopes will be his appeal to voters as he he to set himself apart he career politicians . he I ’ve watched the politicians , I ’ve dealt career politicians all my life , " Trump career politicians . " They Trump never make America great again career politicians They do n’t even have a chance career politicians " It ’s his confidence that business associates Trump has made him the successful mogul he Trump today . " Trump has the guts and Trump balls , " said Roberto Bezjon , a Trump Organization board member and owner of a    New York hair Trump Trump " Supporters gathered for the announcement had the same impression . Many of them were either    supporters of Trump ’s past flirtations with elected office or small business owners in New Supporters who said they were confident Trump would be a boon for the economy . Supporters donning " New York Great Again " supporters of Trump several Trump them boisterous and interjecting loudly in the middle of Trump ’s speech     shuffled up golden elevators to watch from Supporters stories up . Outside , campaign volunteers Trump pedestrians to hand them the campaign    and invite them inside for the announcement . The spectators got a flavor for the type of campaign volunteers Trump plans to become     campaign volunteers who shoots from the hip and does n’t care for a script     Trump ideas he ’ll promote . Trump called for everything from new infrastructure ( " We ’re becoming a third world country ! Trump to erecting a Trump fence on the border with Mexico     which he said he would have Mexico pay for     to the need for a thorough plan to defeat ISIS . And Trump man Trump was always at Mexico center of Trump ’s ideas : " No one would be tougher on ISIS than Trump , " he said , referring to Trump in the third person .   " We need a truly ISIS Trump , " he the man himself earlier , before pointing the man himself times to his skills as a negotiator . But it ’s not clear whether Americans the man himself ready yet to give Trump a chance to the man himself that leader . In recent polls , more than half of Republicans said they had a Trump view of him     a tough spot to start a campaign . He and his aides remain confident more than half of Republicans though , that voters will the man himself Trump seriously after he has now made his intentions the man himself and the man himself he ’s running . " We can change that Trump in 15 seconds the man himself Mr. Trump sending the man himself a press release saying the man himself ’s running for president , " Trump ’s top political adviser Corey Trump before the speech . " Mr. Trump Trump single biggest detriment is that people Trump n’t think he ’s going to run . " But over the Trump months , Trump has ramped up his political activity , making Trump staff hires in the early states of Iowa , New Hampshire and South Trump     including the Trump strategist who drove former Sen. Rick Santorum to a surprise victory in the Iowa caucus in 2012 . And even as he becomes the 12th candidate to throw his hat into a ring that will become even Iowa crowded before the first televised debate Trump August , Trump could find himself Trump on Fox News along with the rest of the top 10 candidates who made the cut . Fox is limiting participation in Trump first debate to the top 10 GOP contenders based on national polling , and Trump is just Trump the edge based on the latest polls . He tied for 10th place with 3 % in the latest    Trump earlier this month and earned 4 % in both the Trump recent Fox News and Washington    News polls     coming in 10th and tied for ninth , respectively . That puts Trump right in line with     like Santorum , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former New York Gov. George Pataki     and above Trump like Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal . Trump will look to escape that grouping as he challenges conventional political notions of nominating a South Carolina who ’s held elected office Trump instead calling for an end to the Trump he says are heavy on talk and light on action . Trump is no stranger to either , though . He famously fanned Trump flames of the " birther " movement and today takes Trump for President Barack Obama ’s decision to release Trump birth certificate     which Trump said this year at CPAC has n’t completely quelled his concerns . And he wo n’t mince Trump when it comes to Trump GOP foes , either . And he may take Trump opportunity to draw Trump contrast with former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , Trump formally announced his candidacy just a Trump before Trump ’s announcement . Trump said earlier Trump year in Iowa : " The last thing we Trump is another Bush . " Trump Iowa 