  ( CNN ) The CIA , CIA inspector general and director of national intelligence will return The CIA, CIA inspector general and director of national intelligence copies of the Senate Intelligence Committee ’s massive    report on CIA CIA and detention program under the George W. Bush administration , a Senate aide confirmed to CNN on Friday . The decision means it ’s The decision unlikely the report     which concluded that interrogation techniques such as waterboarding did not elicit useful intelligence from detainees     will be made public so long as Republicans control the Senate and the White House . Democrats are concerned it will The decision see the light of day if the copies are destroyed . The report , written under    chairwoman Sen. Dianne Feinstein when Democrats controlled the Senate , has remained classified , except for an executive summary that was released when the report was completed in 2014 . The report the report interrogation techniques such as waterboarding did not elicit useful intelligence from detainees . The Senate report the report federal agencies in the hope that it could eventually be made the report , but committee chairman Richard Burr ,    Carolina , has asked the administration to return the copies to the Senate . The DC Circuit Court of Appeals ruled last year that the report was a congressional the report which is not subject to the Freedom of Information Act , which Burr said was why he has asked that the agencies Burr the documents .   " I have directed my staff to retrieve copies of the congressional study that remain with the Executive Branch agencies and , as the committee does with all classified and compartmented information , will enact the necessary measures to protect the sensitive sources and methods contained within the report , " Burr said in a statement . Burr have criticized the report as unfairly targeting the the report ignoring the intelligence gained under the interrogation program . The administration ’s decision to return the reports to the Senate was first reported by The New York Times . The intelligence panel ’s Democrats slammed the Trump administration for giving the copies The administration Burr for making the demand they be returned . Sen. Mark Warner , top The intelligence panel’s Democrats on the committee , said he was " very disappointed " by the decision Sen. Mark Warner, top Democrat on the committee " This study must be preserved for history , and the Senate intelligence committee will continue to conduct vigorous the committee ’s intelligence agencies to ensure that they abide by both the spirit and the letter of the law our nation’s intelligence agencies bans the practices outlined in the report , " he said in a statement . Feinstein called Burr Sen. Mark Warner, top Democrat on the committee move " divisive " and claimed Democrats on the committee had not been notified or consulted . " No senator the committee or not     has the authority to erase history , " the California Democrat said . " I believe that is the intent of the chairman in this case . " And Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon accused Burr and the Trump administration of seeking to " pave the way for Burr’s kind of falsehoods used to justify an illegal and dangerous torture program . " " For the sake of future generations of Americans , this report should be immediately returned to the government agencies who gave it up , disseminated widely within the government and most importantly , declassified this report the American people , " Wyden said in a statement . The American Civil Liberties Union sued to make the full report public , but its case was dismissed . " It this report travesty for agencies to return The American Civil Liberties Union CIA torture report instead of reading and learning from it , as senators intended this report Shamsi , director of the ACLU ’s National Security this report . The committee sent the report to seven federal agencies : the CIA , CIA inspector general , FBI , director of this report and the Justice , State and Defense Departments . CIA even if all those copies are returned to the committee , there is another way the report could eventually be made public . When President Barack Obama The committee in office , the White this report it was caught between congressional Democrats who wanted the full report made public and the CIA and intelligence community that felt the White House against it , according to a this report . But in December , the White House declared the document a presidential record , the White House means it ’s part of the Obama presidential record , which remains the White House years . " It does n’t mean it will be automatically the White House after 12 President Barack Obama , but at least in this case , a copy will be preserved , " the official It . 
 a former administration official 