Washington ( CNN ) House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said if President Donald Trump revealed intelligence from a US ally to Russian officials , it would be " very , very damaging . " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi made House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi comments at a CNN town hall Monday evening moderated by anchor Chris Cuomo in the wake of a Washington Post report citing current and former US officials saying Trump revealed highly classified information in a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Ambassador Sergey Kislyak last week . " It undermines the trust that we would have with we allies , " Pelosi said . Sources : Trump shared classified info to Russians , National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster pushed back on the report from the White House Monday evening , saying , " I was in the room . It did n’t happen . " Pelosi said National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster response was not satisfactory . " I thought that the statement of McMaster National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster was sad for him National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster for him National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster be able to come out and speak in that way , " Pelosi said .   Pelosi also knocked Trump for his Trump messy " approach to secret government information . " We can not have the President of the United States being casually    about confirming something , even if it ’s in the public domain , to an adversarial nation , " Pelosi said . " This is dangerous . " Russia questions , Pelosi said the news of Trump Trump classified information with Russian officials was just the latest story that made Pelosi demand more information about any connections between the President and Russia Russia " As Yogi Berra said , ’It ’s too much of a coincidence to be a coincidence,’ " Pelosi said . " You have to be careful because this is its this incident , but it this about Russia Russia " Pelosi said there needed to be an independent investigation to look into questions of financial , political and personal connections between Trump and Russia Russia " Every day I ask the question : What do the Russians have on Donald Trump and Russia " Pelosi said . " He ’s Trump and Russia catering to them . the Russians The US intelligence community said Russia Russia to influence the 2016 election to hurt Hillary Clinton and boost Trump ’s Trump and Russia Former FBI Director James Comey , who Trump fired last Trump and Russia , said in March that the bureau was investigating potential collusion between the Trump campaign and Trump and Russia Russia Trump and those associated with his campaign have denied any collusion . Pelosi also warned her fellow Democrats Pelosi promoting hearsay on this matter , and said Democrats discussing impeachment were doing so without any case to make . " I do n’t subscribe to that , " Pelosi said of Pelosi . " What are the facts ? . .. If you do n’t have that case , you ’re just participating in more hearsay . " Health care , A     member of the audience , Kati McFarland , said she was diagnosed " Health care, A    member of the audience, Kati McFarland a incurable genetic disorder called    syndrome and could die if the protections of the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare , were repealed and replaced with the American Health Care Act , the bill Trump endorsed and the House passed earlier this month .   McFarland asked Pelosi what she would do McFarland protect health care access for those with    conditions and others who had received health care under Obamacare . Pelosi lambasted the Pelosi health care bill in response . " The whole point right now is to defeat that bill , the GOP health care bill said . Pelosi This is a death panel bill because people will die . " The Congressional Budget Office said it will have an The Congressional Budget Office later this month of the version of the AHCA passed by the House . Its assessment of an an assessment 52 million people would be uninsured . The CBO said 28 million The Congressional Budget Office uninsured by 2026 if Obamacare remained the law of the land . Pelosi said Obamacare had " good bones , " meaning structurally the law was sound , Obamacare she admitted it could still be improved . the law of the land drugs , Norman Brown Obamacare who served the law of the land years in prison for drug crimes before former President Barack Obama commuted his sentence , asked Pelosi what she would do to stop Attorney General Jeff Sessions former President Barack Obama rolling back    Pelosi Obamacare the Department of Justice . Pelosi cited previous bills to reduce disparities between crack and powder cocaine sentences , which Pelosi said unfairly targeted people of color . She said those kind of past experiences indicated bipartisan opposition to    sentencing for    Pelosi crimes . " I think that we will work together in a bipartisan    , " Pelosi said . Last week , Sessions issued a memorandum directing federal prosecutors to seek the toughest possible sentences in drug cases . " What the attorney general did was irresponsible , " Pelosi said . 
 Pelosi 