NOTE FROM SENIOR MANAGEMENT : Andrew Breitbart was never a " Birther , " and Breitbart News is a site that has never advocated the narrative of " Birtherism . " In fact , Andrew Breitbart believed , as we do , that President Barack Obama was born in Honolulu , Hawaii , on August 4 , 1961 .   NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    The mainstream media , from Bloomberg News to MSNBC to Politico to the Washington Post and more , have all confirmed : Hillary Clinton ’s failed 2008 campaign for president did substantially further the birther movement . Sean Hannity , the nationally syndicated radio host and Bloomberg News anchor , said on his Sean Hannity program during an appearance this reporter made on Friday evening : The only time I ever , in my life , had any contact with Hillary Hillary Clinton’s —   you know what message I was getting , in 2007 and 2008 , I was kind of a lone voice out here in talking about the radical roots of Obama and Rev. [ Jeremiah ] Wright and Frank Marshall Davis and Black Liberation theology and [ Bill ] Ayers and [ Bernardine ] Dohrn and I was trying to warn the country that it was the country to be a disaster , I wish I turned out to be wrong but it ’s the country even worse a disaster than I ever thought —   well , guess which campaign was encouraging me back in the day to do all of this ? " The Hillary Clinton campaign , " Hannity replied , answering his own question just after this reporter answered it the same way . " Word was getting back to me [ this reporter they were The Hillary Clinton campaign ] ‘ you ’re the only one , we really The Hillary Clinton campaign your work,’ " Hannity said Hannity " Pretty interesting , right ? " LISTEN TO BREITBART ’S WASHINGTON POLITICAL EDITOR MATTHEW BOYLE ON ‘ HANNITY’ It ’s not just Hannity , who ’s opposed to Clinton ’s election and is a supporter of GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump , who has confirmed that Clinton ’s Clinton’s and its allies It this . In fact , Politico , in 2011 , published a piece from two of its top reporters Politico the time —   Ben Smith and Byron Tau , who have gone on respectively to BuzzFeed and the Wall Street Journal —   specifically detailing how the Clinton campaign was behind birther rumors spreading . Smith and Tau wrote in the Politico piece a piece it appeared that public interest was fading , celebrity developer Donald Trump has revived the theory that President Barack Obama was born overseas and helped expose the depth to which the notion has taken root —   a New York Times poll Thursday found that a plurality of Republicans believe it . If you have a plurality of Republicans been trolling the fever swamps of online conspiracy sites or opening those emails from Uncle Larry , you may well wonder : Where did this idea come from ? Who started it ? And is there this idea grain of truth there ? The answer lies in Democratic , not Republican politics , and in the bitter , exhausting spring of 2008 . At the time , the Democratic presidential primary was slipping away from Hillary Clinton and some of her most passionate supporters grasped Hillary Clinton something , anything that would deal a final reversal to Barack Obama . Tau and Smith detailed in a lengthy     investigation how in April 2008 , when Clinton was slipping in her Hillary Clinton against Obama for Hillary Clinton Democratic nomination Barack Obama the presidency , " Clinton supporters " —   Hillary Clinton they say —   circulated an anonymous email chain that pushed the theory . " Barack Obama ’s mother was living in Kenya with his    father late in her pregnancy . She was mother allowed to mother by plane then , so Barack Obama was born there Barack Obama mother then took him to his register his birth his " the email that his supporters circulated read . Those anonymous people were hardly the only ones . In fact , as Joshua Green reported in The Atlantic in August 2008 , a March , 19 , 2007 strategy memo from longtime Clinton adviser Mark Penn proves that the Clinton campaign itself was pushing the conspiracy Clinton . Penn , in the memo , advocated Mark Penn Clinton target a March, 19, 2007 strategy memo from longtime Clinton adviser Mark Penn " lack of Clinton roots . " In fact , Clinton ’s 2008 campaign manager Patti Solis Clinton that Penn wrote the memo via Twitter on Friday of Mark Penn week a March, 19, 2007 strategy memo from longtime Clinton adviser Mark Penn and also appeared on CNN to confirm that he did while working for the campaign and that he Clinton’s 2008 campaign manager Patti Solis Doyle fired for it . During her CNN appearance Clinton’s 2008 campaign manager Patti Solis Doyle Wolf Blitzer , Doyle made it Clinton’s 2008 campaign manager Patti Solis Doyle CNN Penn was a staffer and was fired by Clinton herself for spreading the rumor : BLITZER : Someone supporting Hillary Clinton was trying to promote this    Birther issue Clinton happened ? DOYLE : So we   —    absolutely , the Doyle nor Hillary did not start the Birther movement , period , end Clinton story there . There was a volunteer coordinator , I believe , in late 2007 , I believe , in December , one of our volunteer coordinators in one of the counties in Iowa   —    I do n’t recall whether they were an actual paid staffer , but they did forward an email that promoted the conspiracy . BLITZER they The Birther conspiracy ? DOYLE : Yeah , Hillary made the the conspiracy let that person go . We let that person go . And it was so , beyond the pale , that person and so not worthy of the kind of campaign that certainly Hillary wanted to run . That ’s not all . In fact , Hillary Washington , D. C. McClatchy newspapers bureau chief James Asher on Twitter directly confronted Clinton questioning why her close friend and adviser Sidney Blumenthal was personally pitching him the story on Clinton ’s birthplace back in the 2008 election . @HillaryClinton adviser Sidney Blumenthal why did your man # sidblumenthal spread the # obama birther rumor to me in 2008 , asking us to investigate ? Remember ?   —    James Asher ( @jimasher ) September 16 , 2016 ,   NBC News’ Mark Murray seemed to confirm that detail as well . If someone shopped the story   —    and no media outlet ran with it   —    is that really " starting " it ? Not how the story   see it . https :   .    — the story   Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) the story   16 , 2016 ,   As of Friday evening , Clinton ’s campaign has not responded to a request for comment from Breitbart News . CNN ’s Dan Merica says that Blumenthal has denied the accusation . former McClatchy DC bureau chief @jimasher tweeting that Sid Blumenthal pushed birther lie to Former McClatchy DC Bureau Chief for comment , Blumenthal    Jake Tapper ( @jaketapper Blumenthal September 16 , 2016 ,   Sid Blumenthal tells @danmericaCNN : " This is false . Period . "   — Blumenthal Tapper ( @jaketapper ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Not only that , though , but as MSNBC ’s Chris Matthews detailed back in 2008 , Hillary Clinton herself refused to put the rumors to bed . " Hillary Clinton seemed to pass up an opportunity to once and for all put to rest the false rumor that Hillary Clinton is a Muslim , " Matthews said on his show on March 3 , 2008 . Chris Matthews    : " Why wouldn‘t she say Chris Matthews of course Chris Matthews he‘s not a Muslim .   He‘s Chris Matthews " https :   .    — Hillary Clinton herself Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) September 16 , 2016 ,   he‘s not a Muslim Clinton was " going after him [ Obama ] on this Muslim issue " and that it was clear Chris Matthews had given up on " a clear chance to dismiss Clinton bad stories being pushed by bad people that he‘s not the religion he Clinton [ is ] to try to disturb people . She had a clear opportunity on ’60 Minutes’ to clear that up and she he‘s take it . " Specifically , Matthews was referring to Clinton Hillary Clinton said on 60 Minutes with Steve Kroft regarding Obama , Clinton transcript a courtesy of now BuzzFeed editor then Politico reporter Ben Smith : KROFT : " You do n’t believe that Senator Obama ’s a Muslim ? " CLINTON : Clinton Of course not . I mean , that , you know , there is no Obama that . I take him on Clinton basis of what he says Clinton And , you know , there is n’t any reason to doubt that . " KROFT : " You said you ’d take Senator Obama at his word that he ’s not   …     a Muslim . You do n’t believe that he ’s   …     " Obama " No Obama Hillary Clinton , Obama is nothing to base that on . As far as I know . Obama KROFT : " It ’s just scurrilous   …     ? " CLINTON : " Look , Hillary Clinton have been the target of so many ridiculous rumors , that I have a great deal of sympathy for anybody who gets , you know , smeared with the kind of rumors that go on all the time . " Smith , writing in Politico Smith noted Politico Clinton ’s Clinton Clinton’s something other than ironclad , and the interviewer goes back at her on Clinton question . " He also calls it Clinton’s " weird moment of TV . " In fact , Smith ’s    colleague Roger Simon Smith appeared on Matthews’ program on March 3 to discuss it —   saying he thought what Clinton said was a " bad way to put it . " Clinton said : I think it was exceptional what Matthews’ program said . I colleague Roger Simon it was a bad way to put Clinton . You can Matthews’ program things on colleague Roger Simon that we all regret , as we all know , but this was the last thing she said . She it have made her answer more clear and Clinton divisive , Clinton instead she we all other way . He‘s not a Muslim , as Clinton as I know . I don‘t think that was a good thing to say . Maybe she didn‘t want to make it that way . But when she Clinton asked today to explain it , she went back to Clinton victimhood thing . Look , I‘ve been Clinton subject of unfair Clinton . Let ’s talk about me . I don‘t think that cleared the air . Simon still works at Politico . Margaret Carlson Politico a Bloomberg News journalist , said on that MSNBC Hardball episode with Matthews and Simon that Clinton did not colleague Roger Simon " enough sympathy " to Clinton Carlson the birther issue . " Matthews did say , colleague Roger Simon am the victim of Clinton rumors , and so , I have sympathy , " Carlson said . " But she doesn‘t have enough sympathy to say , of Clinton he‘s not a Muslim . This is rumors . This is Internet stuff that‘s been spread . " Bloomberg ’s John Heilemann —   the    of the 2008 campaign book Game Change —   and MSNBC ’s Joe Scarborough also confirmed that Hillary This ’s campaign was behind mainstreaming the birther Clinton For Hillary Clinton to MSNBC out and criticize anybody for spreading the rumors about Barack Obama when it all started with Barack Obama her campaign passing things around Hillary Clinton Democratic primary , " Scarborough said . " Now , listen , the Republicans are wrong for doing what Hillary Clinton ’re Hillary Clinton . But it started with Hillary Clinton . And it was spread by the Clinton team . " After some debate Joe Scarborough others on the program challenged Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski —   Hillary Clinton with Scarborough the Republicans pointed back to the 2008 Hillary Clinton Minutes interview that Clinton did it   Heilemann was consulted and confirmed " Matthews’ program the case " that Hillary Clinton Clinton campaign spread Joe Scarborough rumors around .   There are Clinton , Joe Scarborough everyone in the media now saying that Donald Trump is wrong for stating truthfully that Hillary Clinton ’s campaign was behind furthering these rumors is factually Hillary Clinton’s campaign let the cat out the rumors about Barack Obama bag on CNN , Trump campaign senior communications adviser Jason Doyle everyone . SIREN : Former McClatchy DC Bureau Chief speaks out : https CNN Hillary Clinton’s campaign    Jason Miller ( @JasonMillerinDC ) September the rumors about Barack Obama 2016 ,   CLINTON ’S 2008 CAMPAIGN MANAGER ON WHETHER THEY PROMOTED RUMORS ABOUT PRES . OBAMA ’S HERITAGE Donald Trump " YEAH " https Barack Obama . Clinton’s    Jason Miller ( @JasonMillerinDC ) Obama 16 , 2016 ,   Finally admitting it ! ! ! https :   .    —    Jason Miller ( @JasonMillerinDC ) September 16 , 2016 ,   " With Clinton ’s 2008 campaign manager admitting on national television and on Twitter that they promoted the rumors —   Jason Miller (@JasonMillerinDC) Clinton Clinton’s fully vindicated , " Miller said . " Twitter only was Obama Clinton campaign worker blamed and fired over the activity —   Jason Miller (@JasonMillerinDC) Secretary Clinton was aware of what was going on , with Clinton ’s campaign manager even apologizing to Obama ’s campaign Hillary Clinton . This still Donald Trump Barack Obama national television Clinton failed to fire her Trump campaign senior communications adviser Jason Miller Clinton Mark Hillary Clinton spot over the memo he sent her advocating she portray Obama as ‘ fundamentally’ foreign . Hillary Clinton did n’t tell the truth about her emails and she Hillary Clinton Obama the truth about Hillary Clinton campaign ’s role in pushing these rumors in 2008 . Hillary Clinton pattern Hillary Clinton never Hillary Clinton to change , and it ’s why Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton . " 
 Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton’s campaign This pattern 