Washington ( CNN ) For nearly two weeks now , President Donald Trump and his aides have floated a conspiracy theory involving President Barack Obama wiretapping    Trump ’s phone lines in his Manhattan office building .    Even now , as bipartisan agreement has emerged that no such thing happened ,   Trump has dug in , leaving   Trump aides and allies fumbling for excuses and explanations     like that spying microwaves are apparently a thing , according to White House counselor Kellyanne Conway . Standing next to German Chancellor Angela Merkel at a Friday news conference ,   Trump showed that   Trump was not ready to quit the wiretapping story , giving the wiretapping story another boost , even if the wiretapping story meant embarrassing a world leader . Many people are saying     that   Trump drives conspiracies and gossip , " At least we have something in common , perhaps , "   Trump said , gesturing to Merkel , whose phone was once tapped by the National Security Agency .   Trump embrace of conspiracy theories is , of course , not new .    He    a kind of trial run for the White House in 2011 by embracing birtherism , laying the groundwork for his    2016 bid by aligning himself    the far right , talk radio wing of the GOP . Long after most had given up speculating about Obama ’s birthplace     and years after Obama Obama his Obama certificate     Trump clung to the racially charged conspiracy theory , insisting that there were still more unanswered questions . It Trump him Trump years to finally let it Trump .   Now , it seems , Trump Trump have landed on a conspiracy theory that has equal staying power .   In fact , the contours of his Trump Obama Obama have much in common with birtherism . With his Trump claims , Trump Trump again positions himself Trump the great unmasker of Obama Obama a fraudulent figure who is n’t who he Trump he Trump     or so the a conspiracy theory that has equal staying power .    For Trump Trump , Obama Obama the    villain , now recast as the embodiment of the " deep state . "    But with Congress , the press , ( even Fox News hosts ) and intelligence agencies all casting doubts on his claims , Trump is Trump man on an island , a familiar and comfortable place . As with birtherism , it ’s Trump against Trump everybody , a vantage point that allows him to Trump be the embattled , populist outsider , even as he sits Trump the White House .   Justice Department provides wiretap documents to Congress , Key to his birtherism Trump were constant promises of the big reveal . Investigators had been dispatched to Hawaii , Trump claimed Trump Once that approach grew thin , Trump ’s Trump birtherism devolved into a constant cliffhanger , which is precisely where things stand now with the wiretapping claims .   Does Trump believe Obama Trump or spied on him more broadly Trump Trump Tower or anywhere ?    For now , Trump seems happy Trump tell the country what Trump for five Trump about Obama ’s origins : stay Obama . Let the countdown clock ’til the big reveal begin .  
 