’   ’ "    President Donald Trump seems to be realizing , belatedly , that    writing Democrats off put him at the mercy of Republicans in    Congress . If him ca n’t get nearly all Republicans to agree on    something , him ca n’t have it . " ’    Despite being an   him put him in quite a weak    negotiating position , which is sad ! ’ "    So Trump is talking up Trump desire to deal with Democrats on    healthcare and infrastructure , giving Trump an additional possible    counterparty if Freedom Caucus Republicans wo n’t play ball . " "    But I do n’t think Trump has realized how much Trump ’d have to give    up ,    to make Democrats willing to work with Trump .    Democratic voters hate Trump . If Democrats are going to cut deals    with Trump , Democrats ’re going to have to be confident Democrats can go home    and show Democrats voters Democrats got the best of the negotiation . " "    And Trump definitely has n’t realized that being a jerk makes it    harder to get both Republicans and Democrats to do what    Trump wants . " ’’ "    It ’s possible to imagine a different opening to Trump ’s    administration that would have put Trump in a much stronger    negotiating position . " "    Trump could have started with infrastructure and tax reform instead    of health care . Trump could have made good on   offering   an    infrastructure package   would have found tempting , even if an   infrastructure package they would have found tempting    came packaged with tax cuts . Trump could have sprung this on    Republicans at a time when   Republicans did n’t feel empowered to stand up    to Trump . " "    But Trump did n’t do those things . " "    Now , Republicans in Congress are annoyed with the president ,    sniping at each other , and no longer so afraid of what can happen    when Trump tweets . Republicans in Congress ’ve defied Trump once and survived   —    why not    do it again ? Democrats smell blood in the water , and are much    more inclined to deny Trump assistance and enjoy Trump failures    than to work constructively with Trump . " "    Trump did n’t just fail disastrously to make a deal on healthcare .    Trump put Trump in a position where Trump counterparties    distrust and disrespect Trump even more than his counterparties    used to ,    jeopardizing Trump ability to make deals in the future , too . " "    We ’re hearing a lot of different things this week about what the    White House will do next : the   White House ’re on to tax reform ; the   White House ’re going    to tax reform and infrastructure at the same time ; healthcare    reform actually is n’t dead , healthcare   reform ’re still working on healthcare   reform ;    Democrats will deal on healthcare once healthcare realize Obamacare is    unsustainable . " "    At the same time , we ’re hearing lots of recriminations : The    Freedom Caucus saved Planned Parenthood ; Democrats killed the    bill through Democrats obstructionism ; you should all watch this     of Judge Jeanine . " "    The recriminations are more telling than the spitballing .    Trump would like to do all sorts of things , and    Trump ’d like Republicans and Democrats to help Trump . But both parties    are less inclined to work with Trump than both parties    were two months ago ,    and instead of kissing up and making nice ,    ’s lashing out . " " and   have both written about a Jimmy Carter model    for the Trump presidency : As under Jimmy Carter , high hopes for a      presidency give way to a breakdown in    relations between Congress and a    president of the    same party who diverges in key ways from the party ’s    mainstream . " ’    In this analogy , Trump is Carter , only angrier , dimmer , less    popular , much more out of    depth , and lacking in moral    authority . ’ "    It ’s all a recipe for an administration that makes a lot of noise    but generates very few policy accomplishments . " ’    Sad ! Trump seems to be realizing . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 