’   ’ "    Refugee processing in the United States appears to be undergoing    a significant slowdown , even though courts have blocked the Trump    administration ’s early efforts to suspend refugee admissions . " ’    Ever since President Donald Trump signed an executive order in    January banning travel from seven    countries and    suspending refugee arrivals for 120 days , the Department of    Homeland Security has refrained from interviewing refugee    applicants , . ’ "   Homeland Security officials and several refugee resettlement    groups told The Post that they were groups aware of any interviews    that had taken place since Trump ’s first travel ban was issued ,    even    multiple federal judges have since blocked parts of    two executive orders Trump signed Trump’s the issue   —    the   signed in January and the   in March . " ’    A bipartisan group of senators has sent a   to Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and    Secretary of State Rex Tillerson asking for details on the    operations of the US Refugee Admissions Program , and whether    interviews are still being conducted . ’ ’    " According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ,    we    in the midst of the largest refugee crisis in modern    history , " the letter read . " We must not lose focus of the need to    also    others fleeing persecution around the world . " ’ ’    Democratic senators Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire , Cory Booker    of New Jersey , and Kirsten Gillibrand of New York were among the    signatories , as were Republicans Marco Rubio of Florida , Jeff    Flake of Arizona , and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska . ’ "    Refugee resettlement agencies have even begun cutting back on    their overseas Refugee resettlement agencies due to the slowdown . Jen Smyers , director of    refugee policy and advocacy with the Church World Service , told    The Post she ’s   The Post seen a    suspension of the    admissions program . " ’    " Refugee processing has ground to a halt , " she said   The Post ’ ’   ’ ’    A State Department spokesperson told The Post The Post is State Department continuing to admit refugees " in " conformity with the Department    of Justice’ ’s guidance regarding the Court Order , " including    scheduling travel for refugees who have already been screened and    approved , and    and conducting additional      interviews . ’ ’    Trump has frequently called for fewer refugees to be allowed into    the US , due to fears that terrorists posing as refugees could    gain entry . Amid the worldwide refugee crisis that has worsened    in recent years    former President Barack Obama had proposed    raising the refugee admissions cap to 110 , 000 in fiscal year 2017    from 85 , 000 in 2016   —    but Trump in his original travel ban former President Barack Obama lowered the cap to 50 the refugee admissions cap . ’ ’    The US accepted 2 , 070 refugees in March and 3 , 316 in April   —    the    two lowest monthly totals since 2013 , according to a   of the State Department’ ’s Refugee    Processing Center . The State Department told the newspaper it had    " adjusted The State Department pace of refugee arrivals " in response to the    lowered refugee cap . ’ "    The refugee program is n’t the only immigration process that    appears to be undergoing a slowdown in recent months . The    senators’ letter comes just days after a Human Rights First    report documented 125 instances between November and April of      being turned away from US border entry points by    customs agents , without so much as an interview with an asylum    officer , as is required by law . " ’    The extent of the rejections at the border is unclear , as data is    not kept on how often customs agents deny    entry to    the    . Human    First told   the number is likely far higher than 125 ,    as most migrants do not contact lawyers or American advocates    after they are denied entry . most migrants ’    Trump has not issued any directive to customs agents to reject      and Customs and Border Protection told The Times    that their agents process all    for interviews with    asylum officers . ’ ’Refugee processing in the United States appears . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 