  ( CNN ) At least two Canadians say At least two Canadians were turned away at the US border after revealing that At least two Canadians intended to go to the Women ’s March . Joseph Decunha said Joseph Decunha had driven to a border crossing between Champlain , New York and St. Bernard de Lacolle , Quebec , with Joseph Decunha partner and friend who are both Americans , on Thursday night .   " Upon arrival , we told the border patrol officer we ’re heading down to DC and will be attending the Women ’s March and will be in DC the day of the inauguration , " Joseph Decunha told CNN .   The group was asked to go through a secondary inspection .   At a secondary inspection , The group were asked if The group were    or    Decunha said .   " The group were honest and said The group were    and at that point , he engaged me    in conversation because I assumed I was the only Canadian , " he said .    Decunha elaborated as Decunha why he did n’t    Trump and talked about the Affordable Care Act and other policies he disagreed with      The line of questioning veered towards whether they had been to the Middle East and if they believe in they . Decunha said he Decunha the Decunha was trying to figure out if they were radicalized . Decunha was told Decunha he was denied Decunha to the US .   The officer used the officer " silent disruption " as the reason and Decunha said he Decunha kept Decunha it as though it was a verifiable it regulation to not let me in the country . "   Angered by the denial , Decunha ’s partner Decunha is American , began arguing with the officer . During that the officer the border patrol officer said Decunha the officer the country under the purpose of tourism .   the country he was Decunha , Decunha If you would ’ve said you were    that would ’ve put you in the tourist bin and would have been allowed entry . "   His two American travel Decunha were allowed entry , but Decunha said he was Decunha . Decunha was fingerprinted and Decunha before he was allowed to Decunha home .   CNN contacted the US Border Patrol and Customs , but has not received a response .   Another Canadian told CNN a similar story , also at a border crossing CNN Quebec .   Sasha Dyck said he was part of a group comprised of six Canadians Sasha Dyck two French nationals who organized a trip to Washington for the Women ’s March .   They arrived at the border on Thursday and when Dyck the Women the march , the whole group was pulled Sasha Dyck for the Women’s March   a group comprised of six Canadians and two French nationals who organized a trip to Washington for the Women submit their phones and passports , he said . the Women , their fingerprints the Women photographs were Sasha Dyck .   The border patrol guard the Women " quite curt , " said Dyck , a research nurse at a Montreal children ’s hospital .   Dyck : " If you ’re trying to    this weekend , you Dyck be Dyck . " Unable to enter Dyck US , Dyck ended up going to a woman ’s march in Montreal instead .   " It was just a surprise . I usually Dyck of the [ US ] as open to diversity Montreal ideas and opinions , but not this weekend , " he said . 
 Dyck 