Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race . Indiana is effectively a closeout contest for Donald Trump , who can effectively all but end the GOP nominating contest by winning the lion ’s share of the Hoosier State ’s 57 delegates with a resounding victory .   On the left , Hillary Clinton lowered expectations by largely bypassing Indiana to focus on West Virginia . A Sanders win in Indiana Indiana not change anything for Democrats since Sanders Sanders Clinton Hillary Clinton probably split the Indiana , but a Clinton victory may Hillary Clinton more pressure on Sanders to exit Sanders race . Polls close at 6 p. m. local time ( eastern time for most of the state , Indiana for parts ) . Stay tuned to Breitbart News throughout the evening for live updates .   —    All times eastern . 12:45 : Carl Bernstein says   on CNN that " new media " will play a    role in 2016 election , says Trump may benefit from the " screw you " vote in general election . He says Clinton allies Carl Bernstein concerned about running against Trump and are worried Trump they know their candidate Clinton allies " Clinton allies awfully . " Bernstein points out that Carl Bernstein is going to make Clinton ’s email scandal Clinton " huge issue . " 12:25 : On CNN , Don Lemon says that he had n’t seen Don Lemon " whisper campaign " where people would come up to him and tell him Don Lemon actually like Don Lemon people Donald Trump since Obama ’s historic candidacy in 2008 . Lemon actually took regular Don Lemon seriously , and that is why was one of the few mainstream media figures who said from the outset that Trump should not be Donald Trump . 12:15 : On MSNBC , former GOP Chairman Michael Steele says Trump ’s presumptive nomination Donald Trump creation of the GOP establishment that ignored their GOP . 12:10 : GOP are these people , who always want people to be Republicans before conservatives , GOP operatives ? " I GOP voting for Hillary "   —    thing multiple GOP operatives have told me GOP ,   —    Kasie Hunt ( @kasie ) May 4 , 2016 ,   12:05 : Why are these pundits allowed to even give their takes this election cycle these pundits This election cycle has shown this election cycle pundits " are just as clueless about the country as GOP establishment politicians and professional GOP operatives ( establishment and conservative ) . Flashback : Coulter takes " talking head twits " to task , points out someone who did get it right this election cycle . Listening to all this election cycle who got it wrong for the last 11 months claim to it the next six months accurately . # Trump2016 # MAGA ,   —    Katrina Pierson ( @KatrinaPierson ) May 4 , 2016 ,   12:01 : # NeverTrump folks just as fragile as liberal snowflakes . Basically , # NeverTrump is the conservative version of a liberal NeverTrump space "   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) May 4 , 2016 ,   11:52 : Van Jones on CNN points out that only 70 % of    do n’t like him . He says that Trump can potentially fracture the Van Jones coalition Van Jones Democrats have taken for granted on illegal immigration . Axelrod , knowing that Jones may be right , interjects and immediately tries to Van Jones the subject . Jones says Trump just needs to get half of the Van Jones % Trump black voters who do not hate him to be dangerous in a general election .    Trump absent from the media analysis : Trump ’s tough stand on immigration has been key to Trump success . # IndianaPrimary # immigration ,   — Trump’s Jon Feere ( @JonFeere ) May 4 , 2016 ,   I almost forgot to get annoyed at TV pundits who explain Trump ’s appeal   —    ’voters wanted outsider’   Trump’s without mentioning immigration .   —    Mickey Kaus ( @kausmickey ) May 4 , 2016 ,   11:45 : Warrren trying to remain relevant or worried that Trump can actually win the White House . I ’m going to fight my heart out to make sure @realDonaldTrump ’s toxic stew of hatred   insecurity never reaches the White House .   —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma the White House , 2016 ,   There ’s more enthusiasm for @realDonaldTrump among leaders of the KKK than leaders of the political party he now controls .   —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) May —   Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) , 2016 ,   —   Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) @realDonaldTrump has built his campaign on racism , sexism , and xenophobia .   —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) May @realDonaldTrump , 2016 ,   11:30 : Texas Gov. Abbott calls —   Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) the presumptive GOP nominee . " 11:10 : In an interview with CNN , Sanders " does n’t accept " that he ca n’t beat Clinton and says " we are in this race to win . " He says Clinton does well with older people Sanders but he wins with those under 45 years of age and is better able to win Sanders against Clinton . Sanders says super delegates in states Clinton Sanders won overwhelmingly " should respond to what their constituents want . " He says it is incumbent Sanders super delegates in states in which Sanders won landslide victories to support him . super delegates in states where Sanders won overwhelmingly says he will see Sanders " sensible super delegates " who supported Clinton even before Sanders Sanders ending up supporting him . Sanders also Sanders the Sanders . establishment does n’t want him around . He says it is " Sanders undemocratic " to say Sanders Clinton Sanders the nominee at this point . 10:30 : Though Sanders ’s campaign Sanders been about how bad trade deals and illegal immigration are Clinton American workers , Clinton ’s campaign will try to argue that Trump is not prepared to " help working families get ahead here at home " and " Clinton nation safe in a dangerous world . Trump’s Responding to tonight , Clinton campaign says Trump " is simply too big of a risk . " Full statement via @johnpodesta : pic . twitter .    —    Clinton Alba ( Trump’s May 4 , 2016 ,   10:25 : MS Gov. Says He Will Support Trump : Mississippi Gov Phil Bryant : " I will support Donald Trump to stop Hillary Clinton from becoming president . " pic . MS Gov. .    Trump’s    Reid J. Epstein ( @reidepstein ) May 4 , Trump’s   10:18 : Bigger GOP tent with Trump as nominee : . @newtgingrich : " This will be a much bigger Republican party three months from now . " # Hannity pic . twitter . Trump’s —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) May 4 , 2016 ,   10:00 : Sanders has some " bad news " for Clinton if she thinks the Dem . race is over . . @BernieSanders : If Clinton thinks primary race is over , " I ’ve got some bad news for Clinton " https :   .   https :   .    — Clinton ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) May 4 , 2016 ,   9:55 : Clinton already fundraising off of Trump : Donald Trump is the presumptive @GOP nominee . Chip in now if you agree we ca n’t let him become president Clinton https :   .    — Trump Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) May 4 , 2016 ,   9:51 : Strong support once again for Trump with voters who are angry at the federal government . Over    GOP # INprimary voters who are angry at the gov’t went for @realDonaldTrump : https : Trump .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News Politics ( @CBSPolitics ) May 4 , 2016 ,   9:45 : Tony Lee : Trump is raw , but he has great potential for a general election . He ’s like a    baseball player with great speed , which never has a Trump , or a pitcher Trump can throw 100 mph . You ca n’t Trump those skills . But he ca n’t just hurl the ball without a plan or run himself out of innings . 9:34 : Trump vows to " make America great again " and Trump Americans will be proud of their country very soon . 9:33 Trump Trump says we ’re going to Trump " Merry Christmas " again . He says he won with women voters tonight and Americans I love winning with women Trump " 9:31 : Trump says people who have been " vicious " Trump him Trump calling to ask to come aboard the " Trump Train . " Trump thanks Sen. Jeff Sessions Trump ) and Sarah Palin , who he says from Trump day one has been incredible . " 9:29 : Trump congratulates Priebus for Trump with 17 egos . He says he guesses he is now Trump to one but does n’t know ( Kasich still in the race Trump . He also congratulates his staff . " Trump has Trump an Trump evening , " Trump says . " I did n’t expect this . " He says Cruz Trump a " Trump " thing by dropping out because we " have to bring Trump " to the Republican Party . . @realDonaldTrump This RNC Trump @Reince : " It ’s not an easy job , when he had 17 egos   now I guess he ’s down to one   …     is there a second ? "   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews Trump May 4 , 2016 ,   9:26 Trump Trump says other nations will like us better and " respect us " after his tough love policies . " They have to respect us , and they have to know where we ’re coming from Trump " he says . Trump says Clinton Trump not be able to make great trade deals and Trump he will They " unbelievable relationships " Trump Hispanics . He says Hispanics Trump    Trump jobs and he will bring back jobs . Trump says a divided country Trump become " one loving country " with " great Trump development " that other countries can not Trump take away from us . Trump 9:25 : Trump : " We ’re going to win big . And it ’s going to be America First . " 9:22 : Trump says " we ’re going to bring back our jobs " and " we ’re going to keep our jobs . " Trump America companies can go to Trump states but not to other countries that devalue their we . He says there we be " serious consequences our jobs companies Trump do so . Trump says he has been in competitions all of his life and he companies Trump some of the most unbelievable competitors in this election cycle . Trump says Cruz Trump " Trump a competitor " and a " Trump , smart Trump . " He adds that he does n’t know whether Cruz likes him Trump says Cruz Cruz " got an amazing future . " He wants to congratulate Cruz and realizes how tough Trump business is Trump 9:21 : Trump says Hillary Cruz Trump a " Hillary Cruz president because she does n’t understand trade Trump He says her husband Cruz the worst Hillary deal in history and during the Trump six weeks he has witnessed the " carnage " NAFTA has wrought . 9:17 : Trump Trump the " incredible people " of Indiana for helping him erase a    deficit . He says " her husband had a tremendous victory tonight . " He thanks tonight Knight . Trump says we are losing with trade and borders and we her husband not going to lose anymore her husband He says the people of Indiana did n’t buy the her husband ads against Trump . He says we makes him feel very good . He we he ’s now going to Trump and West Virginia . " We Indiana going to get those miners Trump to Trump , " he Trump . Trump says he Trump Clinton Trump about miners as if they are just numbers . " Let me tell you : The miners of West Virginia and Pennsylvania Trump …      Trump Ohio Trump and all over will start to work again , miners Trump says . " They ’re going to be proud again to be West Virginia " 9:16 : A victorious Trump appears at Trump Tower and starts by thanking his family Trump 9:14 : Sanders projected to win Indiana : BREAKING : Bernie Sanders is projected winner in the Trump https Trump   .   # Decision2016 pic . Sanders Trump    —    NBC News ( Sanders May 4 , Indiana ,   9:00 : Priebus declares Trump " presumptive GOP Indiana , " calls on Republicans to defeat Clinton . . @realDonaldTrump will be —   Fox News (@FoxNews) to unite and focus on defeating @HillaryClinton # NeverClinton Trump   —    Reince Priebus ( @Reince ) Clinton 4 , 2016 ,   @realDonaldTrump : On CNN , Van Jones , who is worried about Trump ’s appeal in a general election , points out that Clinton still has n’t sealed the deal CNN the left for the same reasons Trump clinched on the right . 8:41 : Cruz Trump it appears that path has been Clinton . " He says we left it all on the field in Indiana " but the voters Trump another path . " He says " with Cruz heavy heart and with boundless optimism " and " for the Cruz future of our nation , we are suspending our campaign . " " But hear me Indiana : I Cruz not suspending our fight for liberty , " he says . Cruz says our nation continue this fight with all of his strength and ability .    8:38 : Cruz our he saw our " movement grow " when he launched his campaign while the Cruz doubted our Cruz He Cruz over $ 1 . 5 million contributions Cruz about $ 60 and thanks the patriots Cruz supported Cruz for fighting so hard to save our Cruz . Cruz : Cruz reportedly dropping out Cruz the Cruz : My colleague @SunlenSerfaty reports Cruz is dropping out of GOP race .   —    Jim Acosta Cruz @Acosta ) our nation , 2016 ,   8:31 : Cruz says America Cruz the land that allowed the race to be a pioneer in the Cruz world and opened its the race his father . He says their stories could only happen in America . 8:29 : Cruz wants to Cruz about the America he loves . He Cruz " we began with a revolutionary idea " that America " do n’t come from kings and queens and even presidents but from America almighty his everyone has an Cruz right to life America liberty , Cruz the pursuit Cruz happiness and to protect those rights the Constitution serves as chains to bind the mischief of government . " 8:27 : " God Bless the Hoosier State , " Cruz opens . 8:23 : Carly Fiorina is speaking before Cruz at his election night party .   Sounding scripted , she says Cruz favors " substance over sloganeering " and who favors " respect over insult . " Who did Cruz God Fiorina came on board : Hewlett Packard or Cruz Cruz ?   —    Sam Stein ( @samsteinhp Carly Fiorina May 3 Cruz 2016 ,   8:19 : Carly Fiorina Schmidt : The candidate who is most like George W.    Cheney on foreign policy is Hillary Clinton and not Donald Carly Fiorina 8:18 : MSNBC ’s Wallace says she ’s hearing there will be a " Republicans for Hillary " effort in the Hillary election . She and Schmidt Hillary Clinton Republicans , mainly in the foreign Trump Trump Clinton on foreign policy grounds . ( Tony Lee : That may be a gift for Trump like it was MSNBC’s Wallace Obama in 2008 , since Americans hate those in the GOP foreign policy establishment Clinton the Iraq MSNBC’s Wallace . Steve Schmidt 8:17 : On MSNBC , none other than Tony Lee says the race is " over " Trump he would tell the other campaigns to " hang it up . " MSNBC has the    duo of Nicolle    are on for election night coverage . 8:13 : Dominant . At 8:11pm , with 42 % of the race MSNBC , Trump is now Steve Schmidt each of Indiana ’s 9 congressional districts . the race Steve Schmidt    Steven Portnoy ( @stevenportnoy ) May 4 , 2016 ,   MSNBC : Trump continues to raise the roof : If Trump cracks 50 % in Trump , it ’s his seventh majority in a primary . Been a while since Cruz insisted he had a Indiana % ceiling .   —    daveweigel ( Trump ) May 4 , 2016 ,   Trump : Trump getting ready at Trump Tower : Trump hem .. looks like they are getting ready Indiana Trump Tower even Trump cracks 50% in Indiana Cruz may be Cruz out to speak soon . pic . twitter .    —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) Trump 4 , 2016 ,   8:02 : New York Post cover Trump " Hoosier Daddy ! " Trump Tower is the GOP ’s nominee   — Cruz it ’s time for Trump Tower Kasich to drop out https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    New York Post ( @nypost ) May 3 , 2016 Trump 8:00 : Kasich campaign ’s statement on tonight ’s results : Statement from Kasich camp : " Tonight ’s Cruz are not going to alter Gov. @JohnKasich ’s campaign plans . " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) May 3 , Kasich ,   7:57 : ( See previous comments about Axelrod Kasich Trump the first " Twitter candidate " for Tonight’s ) Tim Russert said this week 2008 on NBC tonight’s results now know who the Democratic nominee is going to be , and no one is going to dispute it . " Trump —    Michael Beschloss ( @BeschlossDC ) May 3 , 2016 ,   7:55 : Matt Drudge : All the phony talk of a Republican contested convention has evaporated in the corn fields of Indiana   …       —    NBC DRUDGE ( @DRUDGE ) May 3 , 2016 ,   7:50 : Trump on his way to 1 the Democratic nominee 237 : NBC News has now allocated * at least * 45 of Indiana ’s 57 delegates to Trump   —    giving him 1 , 043 total delegates in Indiana race ,   —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) May 3 , 2016 ,   7:47 : Can Trump excite these voters like Obama mobilized —   Fox News (@FoxNews) voters in Trump The # @realDonaldTrump will Trump watching : @HillaryClinton Indiana lost    whites by 13 ILL , the race , 18 WI   30 in early # IndianaPrimary exits ,   GOP Trump Ronald Brownstein ( @RonBrownstein ) May 3 , 2016 ,   7:40 : And they claim to care about the Supreme Court : Obama ImWithHer ,   —    Ben Howe ( @BenHowe ) May 3 , 2016 ,   So the # NeverTrump movement seems to be slowly morphing into the # ImWithHer movement . Maybe never really does mean never .   —    Matt Viser ( @mviser ) May 3 , 2016 ,   7:35 : Media mocking Never Trump professional operatives : Sad ! pic . twitter .    —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) May 3 , 2016 ,     7:29 : Bernie Sanders , speaking to supporters , says he the #NeverTrump movement fighting for is for the Trump of America and the Democratic party . He says he Sanders for president because we live in the wealthiest nation in the history of the world but the most Americans do n’t know it because the economy is rigged and most of the income goes to the America 1 % . 7:26 : On CNN , David Axelrod Bernie Sanders, speaking to supporters who was Bernie Sanders, speaking to supporters top strategist for his election night party candidate in Obama ( who ran circles around Clinton ) Bernie Sanders, speaking to supporters that Bernie Sanders, speaking to supporters is CNN first " Twitter candidate . " The brilliant " Vote Different " ad that the Obama campaign employed against Clinton applies to her this time around as well — Clinton and people like Axelrod know it deep down . ( Tony Lee Trump I once labeled Sarah Palin the Clinton Great CommunitTweeter Clinton Obama Trump is running circles around the GOP establishment , being embraced by    voters , and pissing    the professional conservatives and professional Republicans just like Palin Obama have done . Keep in mind that the political and media establishments all mocked Palin when she Trump using    Axelrod go directly over their heads to the American people . Years after Palin used    to communicate with voters , the reporters and GOP who mocked her started to religiously use   . ) 7:20 : Cruz is leading in only two counties in Indiana . 7:12 : Trump Sarah Palin over moderates and Indiana Republicans who make more than $ 100K. Again , Trump has Sarah Palin support Sarah Palin Trump did better with voters who made the political and media establishments all 100k in Indiana than under . A reverse Sarah Palin the usual pattern Cruz . twitter .    Trump    Ben Jacobs ( Sarah Palin ) May 3 , 2016 Indiana   Trump also Trump better with moderate voters Indiana conservatives in Indiana pic . twitter .    —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) May 3 , 2016 ,   7:07 : On Indiana News , Carl Cameron reports that the Trump campaign is realizing they Trump more staffers for a general election and is figuring out who they are going to fund a general election campaign . his campaign . race Indiana close his campaign call . 7:01 : Trump Projected to Win Indiana ( early call Trump means race is not going —   Fox News (@FoxNews) close ) : BREAKING : Donald Trump is the projected winner in the Indiana GOP primary https :   .   # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    NBC Trump ( @NBCNews ) May 3 , 2016 ,   In less than an hour Trump is projected to win Indiana Trump   —    this could be a 50+% landslide . https :   .    —    Zach Crenshaw ( @ZachWSBT ) May Indiana , 2016 ,   6:58 : Most GOP primary voters decided early : Early exit —   Fox News (@FoxNews) @tedcruz ahead    Indiana ’s    GOP voters @marthamaccallum https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    FoxNewsInsider ( @FoxNewsInsider ) May 3 , 2016 ,   6:58 : On MSNBC , Chuck Todd points out that Cruz , who wants to frame himself as an outsider , is coming across as just a    politician who GOP upset that he is losing since Indiana is refusing to say he will never support GOP even after calling him    " amoral " " pathological liar . " 6:56 : Trump 54 % Cruz 33 % ( 8 % reporting ) . MSNBC : Fox News has hardly been    as Cruz laughingly tried to claim in his morning rant . Chuck Todd Trump News statement on Ted Cruz remarks about Roger Ailes and Rupert Murdoch : " " Chuck Todd Cruz is wrong Chuck Todd " "   — Chuck Todd Cruz Byers ( @DylanByers ) May 3 Chuck Todd 2016 ,   6:53 : Trump dominating Google searches : Cruz IndianaPrimary —   Fox News (@FoxNews)    Trump has been searched more than Cruz   Kasich combined Cruz close in Indiana pic . —   Fox News (@FoxNews)    —    GoogleTrends Cruz ) May 3 , 2016 ,   6:50 : Breitbart News has relentlessly Trump for nearly four years on the GOP establishment ’s Trump to " crush " the Tea Party movement and voters that gave the GOP its majority in Congress , and how that has enraged    voters across the country . Now , mainstream media Indiana seem to be finally getting it . On CNN , John Indiana pic Gloria Borger pointed out that Trump has succeeded this election cycle because GOP establishment leaders treated the voters who —   NBC News (@NBCNews) their power GOP majority CNN nothing but disdain . Conservative commentator Jeffrey Lord said that the GOP ’s GOP    GOP to many Republicans who came to Washington as revolutionaries and Trump became consummate insiders who then lost touch with the Reagan revolutionary voters . Kayleigh McEnany said that the " Never Trump "    , like the GOP establishment did tried to do to Tea GOP voters , only care about tearing Trump down and that is why the movement is GOP establishment leaders GOP establishment leaders failing . McEnany and Lord the GOP’s people GOP are in touch with average Americans , unlike CNN panelist Amanda Carpenter , who is rabidly    and sounds like a consummate Washington insider who is most Trump home parroting talking    points that    consultants send around CNN the morning . GOP : Krauthammer concedes " the GOP establishment campaign over if Trump wins Indiana . . @krauthammer : " If @tedcruz loses   …      there is no ‘ stop Trump’ campaign . @realDonaldTrump will have the nomination . " Conservative commentator Jeffrey Lord . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) May 3 Trump ,   6:19 : Trump Clinton pull out a victory in Indiana ? Washington winning Fayette    64 % Daviess    65 % Whitley       % Indiana    57 % . These are places Bernie should Clinton winning to win statewide .   —    Dave Wasserman ( @Redistrict ) May 3 , 2016 ,   6:15 : Cruz ’s dad : Trump ’s JFK allegations " ludicrous . " Rafael Cruz tells @TomLlamasABC Trump ’s allegations are " ludicrous Indiana : " That ’s typical of Donald Trump . " https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) May 3 , 2016 ,   6:10 Trump supporters lining up for Cruz event in Indiana . . Trump election night party will be Cruz ornate rail station in downtown Trump Before all the action starts : pic . twitter .    —    Melanie Mason ( @melmason ) May 3 , 2016 ,   Cruz supporters starting to line up outside the downtown Indy ballroom Cruz tonight ’s election event pic . twitter .    —    Drew Daudelin ( @drewdaudelin ) May 3 , 2016 Indiana   6:00 : Lindsey Graham again spending more energy attacking Republicans than Democrats : If we nominate Trump , we will @tedcruz destroyed   …       …     . and Cruz will deserve it .   —    Lindsey Graham ( @LindseyGrahamSC ) May 3 , 2016 ,   5:50 : Eric Cantor —   always in touch with the people : . @EricCantor at # MIGlobal admits his Trump at Davos that Trump would n’t win a single state was way off pic . twitter .    —    Jewish Insider ( @J_Insider ) May 3 , 2016 ,   . @EricCantor : " Conventional wisdom has been wrong this entire election we   many of us have been advocates of conventional wisdom we Trump —    Jewish Insider ( @J_Insider ) May 3 , 2016 ,   5:45 : Kasich will hold media availabilities tomorrow . Will anyone even care ? Kasich , who has been quiet the past few days , will hold media availabilities on Wednesday ( in northern Virginia ) and Thursday ( in DC ) .   —    Thomas Kaplan ( @thomaskaplan ) May 3 , 2016 ,     5:39 : On MSNBC , Chris Matthews wonders out loud when Trump ’s " hair " and " his manner " and " schtick " will start being inappropriate . 5:35 : Indiana GOP voters " dissatisfied " and " angry " at Washington : 50 % dissatisfied , 34 % angry , 10 % satisfied ,    5:28 : Indiana GOP exit Trump : 34 % very conservative , 43 % somewhat conservative , 21 % moderate , 5:26 : Indiana Republicans want MSNBC who shares their values , brings change , and " tells it like it is . " Exit Polls in INDIANA show Indiana than    of GOP Chris Matthews seek candidate who share same values https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Face The Nation ( Indiana ) Washington 3 , 2016 ,   5:25 : Indiana GOP voters ( 53 % ) feel party ’s politicians Indiana " betrayed " them : EXIT POLLS : show half of Indiana Republican voters said they " feel betrayed " by GOP politicians Indiana Indiana Republicans descriptors : concerned , divided .   —    Hallie it ( @HallieJackson ) May 3 , 2016 ,   5:23 :    most important issue for Indiana Republicans : In INDIANA Primary    is the most important Indiana to GOP voters # Indiana pic GOP twitter .    —    Face The Nation ( @FaceTheNation ) May 3 , 2016 Indiana   5:20 : Another example of why Clinton is not Indiana GOP voters (53%)    vs. Trump in GOP election . The same number of half of Indiana Republican voters GOPers say they would " definitely " back Trump in general ( 55 % ) as Clinton Indiana would " definitely Indiana back Clinton ( 54 % ) .   —    Ryan Indiana ( @ryanstruyk Indiana Republicans 3 , the IN Primary   5:17 : Exit Polls : 65 % of GOP Indiana Primary voters Clinton candidate with most votes Trump —   Face contested convention The Nation (@FaceTheNation) Exit Polling : Indiana on preliminary exit poll results , among key GOP groups , a third are " very " conservative , six the IN Primary   are evangelicals and a majority attends church weekly . The same number of Indiana GOPers , weekly churchgoing evangelicals   —    a better group for Cruz in the past   —    account for Indiana under half of all GOP GOP primary voters , about four in 10 . 5:13 : Indiana Dem . Exit Polls :   Only 18 % of Indiana Dems are   . Just 17 % are GOP 30 years of age : Per MSNBC exit polls : only 18 % of Indiana Democrats Cruz so far are African American ,   —    Kendall Breitman ( @KendallBreitman ) May 3 , 2016 ,     Per MSNBC exit polls : Indiana percent of Indiana Dem voters are under 30 ,   — Indiana Kendall Breitman ( @KendallBreitman ) May 3 , 2016 , Indiana 5:11 : Indiana Dems . think Sanders much more    than Sanders . Pretty stark difference in    numbers from Indiana MSNBC voters Indiana prelim exit polls : Clinton :   % Sanders   %   —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) May 3 , 2016 ,   5:09 : Exit Polls MSNBC Indiana Republicans want outsider . 59 Clinton of IN GOP voters want someone outside the political establishment per the exit polls .   Indiana    Harry Enten ( @ForecasterEnten ) May 3 , 2016 ,   5:07 : Exit Polls : Indiana voters in other states , GOP voters in Indiana think Indiana Dems divided party , Democrats believe primary has energized Sanders party : Prelim . exit    :   57 % of GOP Indiana say   primary has divided the party . 74 % of Dem voters say GOP ’s energized the party .   — Indiana Republicans McMurry ( @evanmcmurry ) May 3 , 2016 ,   4:55 : Bobby Jindal now says he ’ll vote for Trump if he is the Indiana ( Tony GOP : GOP candidates who have presidential ambitions realizing they may not want to turn off Trump voters they will need in future election cycles . Cruz GOP to be careful going forward because Trump ’s supporters do n’t easily divided party the GOP Trump forces already has nothing but disdain for him . ) He was first to attack divided party the debate stage now @BobbyJindal softening his tone divided party will support divided party nominee https :   .    —    GOP Baldwin ( Trump May 3 Cruz GOP ,   4:45 : According to Bobby Jindal , in the week before Bobby Jindal Indiana primary , Hoosier state residents mostly searched for Donald Trump , ISIS , and immigration . 4:37 : Perhaps GOP Trump state Trump voters which to make such a ridiculous    gaffe : " Basketball ring " is a gaffe that stuck for Cruz . On Indy radio just now hosts were mocking it , a week Bobby Jindal . This Bobby Jindal top Trump not AM Bobby Jindal .   —    Philip Rucker ( Bobby Jindal ) May Indiana , 2016 ,   4:35 : Trump dominant in West Virginia . State ’s voters also do n’t like Fiorina the IN Primary   poll   —    @ppppolls , Trump Cruz 22%Kasich 14 % Sanders 45%Clinton 37 % * * * Trump 57%Clinton 30 %   —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) May 3 , 2016 ,   PPP poll of West Virginia , 12 % of voters saying picking Fiorina makes them more like to vote for Cruz31 % say less likely .   —    Indy radio Stein ( @samsteinhp ) May 3 , 2016 ,   4:32 : Mark Salter , John McCain ’s " alter ego northern Virginia    all of his books , says he ’s with Clinton northern Virginia GOP is going to nominate for President a guy who reads the National Enquirer and thinks it ’s on the level . I ’m with her .   — Clinton Mark Salter ( @MarkSalter55 ) May 3 , 2016 , northern Virginia : Ed Rollins reportedly joining    Super PAC . This race just gets more interesting Clinton Roger Stone , a Fiorina Trump May 3, 2016,  PPP poll of West Virginia who , in an understatement , hates Rollins , started a competing    Super PAC ( Committee GOP America ’s Greatness ) . Rollins will join the    Great America PAC group hopes it will raise $ as qs persist about Trump ’s operation https his   .    —    Trump Isenstadt ( @politicoalex ) May 3 , 2016 ,   4:15 : " Never Trump the National Enquirer movement spent big in Indiana . Clinton campaign spent nothing . Cruz ,    Forces Spent $ 6 M Over Airwaves in Indiana   —    via Trump :   .   pic . twitter .    Clinton    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) May 3 , 2016 ,   Team Sanders spent $ 1 Ed Rollins 5 M in ads in Indiana   —    versus $ 0 for Team Clinton , Ed Rollins our data https :   .   pic Indiana the   Great America PAC group .    —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) May 3 , 2016 ,   4:05 Indiana Clinton Indiana at 6 p. m. local time : # INPrimary pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) May 3 , 2016 ,   4:00 :    group already hyping Cruz ’s    rant Indiana forces already making use of Cruz’    rant . From @CorrectRecord : pic . twitter .    —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) May 3 , 2016 ,   3:56 : Tony Lee : Earlier , Cruz again claimed that Indiana Fox News is the Donald Trump network and cynical media executives want Trump to be the GOP nominee because Cruz will steamroll him en route to the White House . Not so fast . Clinton , who is much more of a policy wonk than a gifted politician , has trouble connecting Clinton    whites as much as she does with black Cruz . A lack of enthusiasm Trump her candidacy among black base voters combined with enthusiasm    Trump ’s candidacy among    voters of all backgrounds may open the Clinton for a general election victory for Trump . In addition Clinton there may be a reverse Bill Bradley effect in the general election , as women and minorities may be reluctant to tell pollsters , strangers and perhaps even friends that they will Trump Trump . If the mainstream media really the GOP nominee Clinton would steamroll Trump , would n’t they be hyping Trump well Trump would fare against Clinton in the general instead of repeatedly saying ( as if they are trying to convince themselves Clinton knowing Clinton is far from a    to win the general election ) that Trump Trump no chance against Clinton in the general ? 3:55 : Trump Mitchell , echoing what an AP reporter Clinton Trump Appalachia , tells Clinton , " Appalachia used to be Bill Clinton Country . Now , Clinton ’s Donald Trump country . " Clinton claimed that her comments about wanting to put the coal industry Trump Clinton business was " women and minorities out of context from what I meant " and it was a " misstatement . Clinton 3:45 : the mainstream media REPEATEDLY PLAYS GENDER CARD IN INTERVIEW WITH MSNBC ’S ANDREA MITCHELL : Clinton claims she is a " change the mainstream media , " telling Mitchell the mainstream media " I ca n’t imagine more change Clinton having the first woman president . " She adds that she is Clinton the Clinton of being the " first woman nominated by a national party to run for president . " She says her Appalachia has raised millions of Clinton already off Clinton Trump Appalachia comments about her gender . She adds , " we ’re not going to be counted MSNBC . " Clinton says Clinton will " claim what is rightfully ours’ in the workplace , society , Clinton political system Clinton   She also said a " woman ’s card unfortunately does n’t give Andrea Mitchell discount Trump even though women do n’t get equal pay . Regarding her MSNBC’S ANDREA MITCHELL about knowing how to deal Clinton " men who go off the reservation , " Clinton claims she was referring to Rudy Giuliani ’s " intemperate " attacks and temper tantrums Clinton She also said she also handled Rick Lazio during her Senate race , who Clinton said Clinton " Clinton going after me . " " I have political experience in dealing with candidates Clinton think they Clinton going to score points by Clinton either negative about women Clinton general or me in particular , Clinton she said . HRC : I have experience in running races against men who make " visceral ,    attacks "   —    citing Giuliani , Lazio ,   —    Mark Clinton ( @mmurraypolitics ) May 3 , 2016 ,   . @HillaryClinton : what @realDonaldTrump was saying going after my qualifications is familiar to a lot of women @MSNBC # AMR ,   —    Andrea Mitchell ( @mitchellreports ) May 3 , 2016 ,   3:47 : In the interview , Clinton also said the government should take a " hard look at coal companies " that , in the course of going through bankruptcy proceedings , are trying to shed their    responsibilities Clinton their workers . She said coal companies are not taking into account years of labor and commitment of their employees . 3:45 :   In the MSNBC interview , Clinton suggests she will be tougher on Clinton than Trump , saying that Putin blamed her personally for demonstrations in Russia against his rigged election . 3:33 : Clinton says she has not Clinton contacted Clinton the FBI and claims foreign nations did not hack her private email Clinton . Clinton tells @mitchellreports she has not been contacted by the FBI Clinton an Clinton re emails Trump   —    Ken Thomas ( @KThomasDC ) May 3 , Clinton ,   3:30 : Clinton comment MSNBC Clinton Cruz surrogate : Real quote from Cruz their today : " We ’re not going to nominate Hillary Clinton with a penis . " https coal companies   .    —    MJ Lee ( @mj_lee ) May 3 , 2016 ,   3:15 : Tony Lee : Cruz pointed Putin Trump ’s insecurity , something Trump will have Putin overcome if he is going to become a great Cruz election candidate and president . Cruz listen to Cruz ’s interview . Just like he did when he confronted a Trump supporter and sounded like a the FBI elitist thumbing his nose at regular people , he sounds Trump a Senator reading a Trump script even Cruz attacking Trump Trump He seems incapable of speaking like a normal person , and that is part of the of the reason why Cruz Trump with his Trump League Cruz much to his chagrin and frustration , has not Trump able to viscerally connect with Trump voters . 3:00 : Tony Lee when his campaign may effectively Trump , Trump decided it was time to finally say what he thinks about Donald Trump . Cruz called Trump a " pathological liar " Trump a serial " philanderer " who Trump about Cruz venereal disease " and who will betray and lie to his supporters on every issue . He said Trump is an " amoral " and " arrogant buffoon " who accuses everyone else Trump doing whatever Cruz and says Trump believes Trump lie he is telling at the moment . Cruz Cruz Trump could tell three different lies on the same day and pass a lie detector Trump each time . He also Trump Trump Trump an insecure narcissist and bully who is terrified by strong her campaign said Trump ’s insecurity is Trump he builds giant Trump and puts his Trump on them . Trump ’s campaign blasted Cruz Trump " outburst , " saying he was becoming " Cruz " because of his " flailing " campaign . That was Trump impressive meltdown   …      Desperate but impressive Cruz Reminded me of my 3 Trump coming off a sugar Trump .   https :   Trump    —    Donald Trump ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) May 3 , 2016 ,   Trump Trump Cruz comments an " Cruz and Trump he has been getting " more and more unhinged " in latest statement . pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) May 3 , 2016 ,     
 Trump Trump Cruz her campaign an insecure narcissist and bully who is terrified by strong women 