  ( CNN ) While President Trump and government officials develop plans for a " wall " between the U. S. and Mexico , the agency responsible for securing the border is uncertain how successful the current fence has been . The 654 miles of fence already lining the border have been breached more than 9 , 200 times between roughly 2010 and 2015 , according to a report released Thursday by the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) citing records from the U. S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) .   The a report released Thursday by the Government Accountability Office (GAO not conclude fencing has proved ineffective   —    rather , it states CBP a report released Thursday by the Government Accountability Office (GAO not implemented a way to measure the effectiveness of the current fence on slowing down illegal entries .   CBP officials say CBP to measure the effectiveness of fencing were stopped in 2013 due to " funding shortfalls , " according to the report . a report released Thursday by the Government Accountability Office (GAO officials interviewed by the GAO said fencing helps divert illegal    away from urban areas and into rural areas where agents can more readily respond . But officials also said smugglers and others can breach border fences by simply cutting through or finding ways over or under them . In response smugglers and others GAO ’s findings , the GAO of Homeland Security said metrics to assess fencing contributions would be developed , according to the report . The CBP acknowledged the GAO the Department of Homeland Security and said the report implementing its recommendations the Department of Homeland Security " As a the Department of Homeland Security of CBP ’s tactical infrastructure and technology the Department of Homeland Security the ports of entry , the U. S. Border Patrol ( USBP ) can detect and interdict illegal activity , monitor evolving threat patterns , and strategically deploy assets , "   a spokesman said . The Department of Homeland Security is weighing various options for wall construction or additional fencing on the border . DHS Secretary John Kelly is expected to present a proposal to President Trump , and the administration could then present a plan to Congress .   As CNN reported Thursday , sources involved in    discussions with DHS are set to recommend the construction of additional DHS rather than a concrete wall , as President Trump called for during the campaign . Just President Trump the GAO released its report Thursday , border security officials testified on Capitol the GAO about Thursday ongoing threat of drug cartels and their ability to breach security layers along the southwest border drug cartels Matt Allen , an assistant director for DHS investigations , testified that cartel smugglers can sidestep fencing by launching drugs over the border with air or propane cannons or by using the southwest border " where ramps and even cranes lift vehicles over barriers . Paul Beeson , CBP ’s Director of Joint Task Force     West , said fencing and surveillance technology have helped reduce these vehicle breaches . But he said these tools require support from border agents on the Paul Beeson, CBP’s Director of Joint Task Force    West . fencing and surveillance technology unintended consequences of additional border barriers were also brought up at the hearing . U. S. Coast Guard Vice Admiral Charles Ray said a wall constructed along the border could in turn increase illegal border activity at sea . " When determined illegal traffickers meet a hard barrier on the land , there is a percentage of them that will go to sea , " Ray said . 
 illegal traffickers 