’   ’ ’    Donald Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto on    Wednesday hosted a tense press conference that acknowledged    clear differences between the two leaders over issues like    immigration , trade , and a proposed physical border wall . ’ ’    During the conference , Trump said that a private    conversation between the two leaders on Wednesday was    productive , and he called Trump Nieto a " friend . " ’ "    But he noted Trump differences remain between the two countries    over how to manage trade relationships between them , the two countries    who    would fund Trump ’s proposed border wall between the US and    Mexico . " ’    " I was straightforward in presenting my ideas on the effects of    trade and immigration on the United States , " Trump said ,    summarizing    private meeting . ’ ’    Though the Republican presidential candidate said that they    discussed    wall , the two leaders " ’ ’ ’ " Donald Trump Trump did n’t they who pays for the wall   the wall ’ ’    " No one wins in either country when human smugglers and drug    traffickers prey on people , when cartels commit acts of    violence , " Trump said . Trump I shared my strong view that [ the North    American Free Trade Agreement ] has been a far greater    benefit to Mexico than it has to the United the North   American Free Trade Agreement] , and it    has to be the North   American Free Trade Agreement] so that workers in the United States can    the United States ’ ’the       of the historic alliance , but did not hesitate to    acknowledge the areas where the two    differ . ’ "    The president argued that , contrary to Trump ’s assertion , NAFTA    was a net gain for both countries . He also pointed out that    the The president of emigrants from Mexico to the US peaked 10 years    ago , and was negative in net terms this year . Trump has    repeatedly claimed that migrants Trump coming across the    border in unmanageable numbers . " ’    " Any close relationship needs to be visited and renewed from time    to time and see what has worked and what hasn’’t , " Peña Nieto    said . " E ’ ’    Trump launched his campaign last year with Trump that Trump many Latinos in the US and Mexico found offensive , saying that    Mexico was " " into the US Mexico ’ ’    Trump repeatedly insisted that the US had Trump become a dumping the US " for Mexico , and threatened a trade war Mexico the country    if the two nations could not renegotiate trade agreements like    NAFTA . ’ ’    On Wednesday , the Republican presidential candidate sparred on    Twitter with former Mexican President Vicente Fox , who said    that Trump was " not welcome in Mexico " because of his threat to    make Mexico pay for Trump wall along the southern Mexico border and    deport 10 million immigrants living in the US without permission . ’ 
 