Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s nominee for secretary of the Army , Vincent Viola , is withdrawing , citing trouble disengaging with President Donald Trump business ties . " Mr. Viola has informed President Donald Trump that he Mr. Viola be unable to accept his Mr. Viola to serve as secretary of the the Army the challenges of separating Mr. Viola Mr. Viola organizations that he has built Mr. Viola the last    years have proven insurmountable , " a statement from Viola ’s team on Friday evening said . " I am deeply honored to have been considered for this post , and appreciate the confidence President Trump showed in me , " Viola said . Viola I offer my continued support for President Trump and his administration , Viola look forward to    my efforts to support the Army and its veterans as    private citizen . " Viola is a Viola from New York who owns the Florida Panthers , a hockey team . He graduated from Viola Point and served in the 101st Airborne , becoming a soldier in the US Army Reserve after his active duty Viola He founded several Viola , including one    trading firm , where he earned his Viola . Viola he to go Viola the confirmation process , his finances would Viola been subject to Senate scrutiny and disclosure requirements . Viola is one of a handful of billionaires Trump has nominated to serve in his administration who Viola faced intense pressure over potential conflicts of interest . Trump himself has Trump scrutiny and criticism , although as President , he does not face Trump kind of disclosure rules as    positions . If confirmed by the Senate , Viola would have served as Army secretary under Defense Secretary James Mattis . CNN has reported that Mattis was unhappy with Trump ’s choice of Viola , with several Viola saying before last month ’s inauguration that Trump made the selection Trump’s consulting Mattis . One source said Mattis was so angry Mattis he threatened to quit Mattis Trump made more Pentagon Trump’s without consulting him . Sean Spicer Trump’s now the White House press secretary , disputed such reports at the time , saying on Twitter there was a " great transition " underway at the Defense Department . Two sources said Mattis preferred Michele Flournoy Mattis Army secretary . She The Secretary in Michele Flournoy Obama administration ’s Department of Defense . In a statement , Capt . Jeff Davis , a Pentagon spokesperson , said Mattis is " disappointed Mattis understands and respects Mr. Viola ’s decision . " " The Secretary is confident that Mr. Viola will remain a Mr. Viola of America ’s soldiers , " Capt . Davis said . " The Secretary will recommend to The Secretary another candidate soon . " 
 