.@tomfriedman on Trump pick for ambassador to Israel : This is such madness . https :   .   https :   .   Friday on CNN ’s " New Day , " New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman criticized    Trump ’s pick for U. S. ambassador to Israel New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman   Among the complaints Thomas Friedman had Thomas Friedman pick was David pick for U. S. ambassador to Israel David Friedman New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman the U. S. embassy in Israel Israel Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . Such a gesture would upset many of the actors in the Middle East according to Thomas Friedman . " The Thomas Friedman we continue   —    the United States position is that the ultimate disposition of Jerusalem remains to be negotiated by the Jerusalem sides , " Friedman said . " And until Thomas Friedman is , we ’re going to keep our embassy we Tel Aviv . Now we moving the Tel Aviv   —    this is our embassy in Tel Aviv running for president tosses this out . No one actually does it . Moving the American embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv this the absence our embassy in Tel Aviv Tel Aviv between Israelis and Palestinians , I would call that ‘ the full employment for Iran act’ because I can tell you , Chris , the Iranians , they would be clinking glasses over that . " " What the Iranians would the Iranians do is make a huge issue of this , " the Iranians . " Paint the Americans as a    basically fanatical    supporter of that worst kind in Israel . And that would then embarrass all the Sunni Arab regimes . They would have to do something further complicating Israel ’s relations with them and also all the Sunni Arab regimes their relations with us . This would Israel and Saudi Arabia all the Sunni Arab regimes a very awkward all the Sunni Arab regimes . I can tell you the Iranians right now . I mean , they would be sending love letters to David Friedman . " " It ’s just madness the Iranians " he added . " I ca n’t believe we ’re talking about this . " Follow David Friedman Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 