’   ’ ’    Donald Trump is closing in on Hillary Clinton in key swing states    and making gains nationally , according to polls released    Wednesday . ’ ’    A Bloomberg Politics poll   over his Democratic challenger in Ohio , and a   released the same day showed Donald Trump with a similar lead    in Ohio in a    race including Libertarian candidate Gary    Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein . ’ "    The CNN poll also shows Donald Trump leading Clinton in another    important swing state , Florida , with 47 % of the vote to Clinton ’s    44 % in a    race . " "    Donald Trump is also cutting into Clinton lead nationally . A   released Wednesday showed Donald Trump with 43 % of the vote and Clinton with Clinton % among likely voters in    a     race . Just last month , Clinton had Clinton    lead    over Trump Donald Trump the same poll . " ’    The numbers get even dicier for Clinton when Clinton factor Johnson    and Stein into the race   a    race the election appearing to be in a    near deadlock   —    when the Quinnipiac poll expanded to a      race , Clinton took Clinton % of the vote , Trump took 39 % Johnson took    Johnson    % and Stein took 4 % . ’ ’’ ’    The polls came after a rocky weekend for Clinton . Clinton abruptly Clinton left a    memorial service on Sunday after overheating related    to previously    pneumonia , and on Saturday was forced    to address    statement saying half of Trump supporters fell into    a "    of deplorables . " ’ ’    " No doubt the pneumonia will previously undisclosed pneumonia but like a nagging cough that    just won’’t go away , Donald Trump defies every Trump    Clinton throws at him , " Tim Malloy Trump assistant director of the    Quinnipiac poll , said in a press release . ’ ’    He continued : " It’ Trump the definition of ’’ damned by faint praise , ’’ a    presidential contest where a vote for a candidate is less an    endorsement of that candidate than a stinging a candidate his or    her opponent Trump Priority one for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump    as the election looms : lure the cynical , disaffected , downright    disgusted electorate into their camp . That’ ’s no the cynical, disaffected, downright   disgusted electorate feat as    clouds of distrust loom over both campaigns . " ’ ’    Clinton and Trump are the most unpopular presidential Donald Trump       in modern history , with    negative ratings from voters . ’ ’ Maxwell Tani contributed to this report . ’ 
 