Washington ( CNN ) Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein said early Sunday Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein would " escalate " Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein statewide recount efforts in Pennsylvania through a federal lawsuit , after announcing Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein would drop it . Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein on Saturday cited a major cost placed on voters due to a state court ruling that says the voters requesting the recount must pay a $ 1 million bond . But shortly after midnight Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein about plans to continue on the recount bid .   " On Monday , I will escalate # Recount2016 in PA and file to demand a statewide recount on constitutional grounds . The people deserve answers , " she wrote .   A statement from the Stein Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein shortly after said it A statement from the Stein campaign shortly after file a lawsuit in federal court Monday Monday a statewide recount .   " Over the past several days , it A statement from the Stein campaign shortly after become clear that the barriers to verifying the vote in Pennsylvania are so pervasive and that the state court system is so    to address this problem that we must seek federal court intervention , " said Jonathan Abady , lead counsel to the Stein recount efforts . " As a result , on Monday the Stein Stein will escalate our campaign in Pennsylvania Pennsylvania file for emergency relief in federal court , demanding a statewide recount on constitutional grounds . " At press conference on Monday Monday New York City , the Stein Stein defended its our to press forward with the recounts , saying they the Stein camp taking their the Stein camp to federal court because of the " absolutely ridiculous and obscene form of bureaucratic obstruction "   that Stein Stein was occurring in Pennsylvania .   " It ’s clear that the fix was in against a verified vote in the state of Pennsylvania , " the Green Party candidate said . Still , Stein Stein expectations that the recount effort would change the outcome of Pennsylvania ’s vote in the 2016 election , saying instead that the the recount effort primarily aimed at ensuring the integrity of the voting process , discovering any irregularities , and sparking voting rights and voting infrastructure reforms . " Whether it will change the outcome , we do n’t know , and it would be unfair to raise expectations that the outcome the outcome of Pennsylvania . That is not our intent , we she said . " This is about ensuring that all votes get counted and that voters can trust the system going forward . " Stein earlier in the weekend had taken aim at procedural hurdles at the state level . " The judge ’s outrageous demand that voters pay such an exorbitant figure is a shameful , unacceptable barrier to democratic participation , " Stein said in Stein statement . " This is yet another sign that Pennsylvania ’s antiquated election law is stacked against voters . By demanding a $ 1 million bond from voters yesterday , the court made clear it has no the court in giving a fair hearing to these voters’ legitimate concerns over the accuracy , security and fairness of an election tainted by suspicion . " Stein campaign spokeswoman Jordan Brueckner later clarified Saturday that while petitioners withdrew their case for petitioners statewide recount , recounts in hundreds of precincts in some Pennsylvania counties     including Philadelphia , Allegheny and Lehigh     will continue . The campaign is Stein campaign spokeswoman Jordan Brueckner pushing for forensic audits of voting machine software in the state . Stein tweeted that the expense of the recount was caused a statewide recount leaders . " # Recount2016 is so expensive because of elected leaders who have refused to invest in a    voting system . " " This is about responding to the American voters who are standing up and saying , ’We deserve an election system that we can trust , and that is accurate , that is secure against hacking , against human error , against machine error , and in which the votes are being counted.’ Because right now , it ’s not clear that all the votes are being counted , " Stein said on " Fox News Sunday . "   Stein denied that the more Stein $ 6 . 5 million she ’s raised for the Stein     far more than the nearly $ 900 , 000 she collected for her 2012 Stein campaign and Stein $ 2 . 5 million she raised in 2016 as Stein Green Party nominee     is a    fundraising scheme .   " This money is going strictly into a segregated account which can only be spent on the recount . So , the recount     is entirely , will This money used , and we ’ll be lucky if we can cover the costs , " we said .   Trump Stein , tweeting Sunday afternoon , " The Green Party just dropped its the Green Party Pennsylvania and is losing the Green Party in Wisconsin recount . Just a Stein scam to raise money ! " Stein has spearheaded a recount effort in Michigan , Stein and Wisconsin     three battleground states where Donald Trump narrowly Wisconsin Hillary Clinton .   Pennsylvania is not the only state where recount efforts Pennsylvania running into opposition . Michigan ’s attorney general , a Republican , filed a suit to stop a recount in his state Friday and Trump supporters in Wisconsin this Michigan’s attorney general, a Republican have also tried Donald Trump stop the Wisconsin in progress there . RELATED : Michigan a recount in his state files lawsuit to stop recount , Michigan raised nearly $ 7 million to fund the recount efforts , following news that security experts alerted Clinton ’s campaign to the possibility of hacks in key counties in those states . Despite the fact there ’s been no credible evidence so far of election tampering , Stein has maintained in recent interviews     including with CNN Stein " you can not tell unless you ’re actually counting paper votes . " Clinton ’s campaign has sent its lawyers to participate in Clinton’s campaign " ensure that it Clinton’s campaign fair to all sides , " Marc Elias , the campaign Clinton’s campaign counsel , wrote in a post on Medium earlier this week . Trump has dismissed the recount efforts as a " scam . "   This story has been updated . 
 