Former Pennsylvania Governor and Democratic National Committee chairman Ed Rendell says that presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is right on trade   —    and has been for years . [ " All that presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump says is n’t wrong   …      He presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump right about China , " Rendell , a Clinton supporter , said in an interview on SiriusXM ’s The Dean Obeidallah Show . " We have , for some reason , not stood up to China China We We allowed them presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is right on trade  —   and has been for years manipulate their presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is right on trade  —   and has been for years , which gives their presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is right on trade  —   and has been for years tremendous advantage in selling to America . They presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is right on trade  —   and has been for years in here and tried to dump    subsidized steel pipe to get rid of the steel pipe industry in the U. S. "   " So , there are some things that Donald Trump talks about that do have a germ of reason or a germ of truth , " the former Democratic governor of the important battleground state said . Rendell said that he Rendell agreed with Trump Donald Trump on trade for years . During the interview , Rendell said Rendell he quoted Rendell Trump in his 2012 Rendell , A Nation of Wusses : How America ’s Leaders Lost the Guts to Make Us Great America " The interesting thing is , I talk about China and the fact that China took China of us in America , and cost Pennsylvania some significant jobs , and I quoted Donald Trump in the book , " Rendell said . Last month , Donald Trump Donald Trump speech in Pennsylvania in which he addressed how Donald Trump nation ’s trade policies have devastated American communities —    especially working communities in Pennsylvania . Pennsylvania legacy of Pennsylvania steelworkers lives in the bridges , railways and skyscrapers that make up our great American landscape . But our workers’ loyalty our repaid with betrayal . Our politicians have aggressively pursued a policy of globalization   —    moving our jobs , our wealth and our factories to our and overseas . Globalization has made the financial elite who donate to politicians very wealthy . But it has left millions of our workers with nothing but poverty and heartache . When subsidized foreign steel is dumped into our markets , threatening our factories , our politicians do nothing . For years , they watched on the politicians sidelines as our jobs vanished and our communities were plunged into    unemployment . Many of these areas have still never recovered . Our politicians took away from the people their means of Our politicians a living and supporting their families   Our politicians      Many Pennsylvania towns once thriving and humming are now in a state despair . This wave of globalization has wiped out our middle class .   It does n’t This wave of globalization to be this way . We can turn it all around   —    and we can turn We around fast . In stark contrast to Trump ’s views on the issue , Hillary Clinton has been one of the most vocal proponents of globalist trade policies . Hillary Clinton supported Hillary Clinton the WTO , and China ’s entrance into the WTO . Moreover the WTO Bloomberg reported in 2013 , Clinton took on a Hillary Clinton leading part in drafting the    Partnership . " CNN has reported that Clinton is on the Hillary Clinton as having praised or promoted the TPP at least 45 times . Pennsylvania lost 36 % of all of its manufacturing jobs since the Pennsylvania    NAFTA was ratified . Between 2001 ( the year China entered the WTO ) and 2013 , the growing U. S. goods trade deficit with China cost Pennsylvania 122 , China jobs Pennsylvania In 2015 alone , Pennsylvania suffered a net loss Pennsylvania nearly 70 , 000 jobs due to the U. S. trade deficit with TPP countries , according to the Economic Policy Institute . Bernie Sanders has repeatedly attacked Clinton for her position on trade , Clinton has accused her of voting " for Clinton every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs . " Despite Sanders’ electoral successes throughout the Democratic primary , the Democratic Platform Committee   —    dominated by Hillary Clinton supporters   — Clinton down amendments put forward by " Sanders loyalists    …      that would have written into the [ official convention ] platform specific language rejecting [ the TPP ] , " the Wall Street Journal reports . By contrast , the Republican Platform Committee ’s plan " embraces presumptive nominee Trump ’s skeptical view of foreign trade agreements , calling for a slowdown in any new multinational deals and eliminating the party ’s    support for the    Partnership , " Politico writes . Multiple reports have suggested that Trump ’s " America first " Trump on trade could lead him to electoral victory against Hillary Trump’s "America first" position on trade . Indeed , earlier this week following Sanders’ decision to endorse Clinton , Trump made an open appeal to Trump Democrats , whom Sanders had " abandoned " by endorsing " " Hillary Clinton . " Bernie Sanders Hillary Clinton his supporters by Sanders Street Crooked Hillary Sanders , " Trump tweeted . Hillary Clinton Sanders Trump Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Sanders Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton " To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals   global special interests , we welcome you with open arms . People first , " Trump added . Interestingly , however Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan has made statements that seem to directly undercut this    economic message for the Republican Party . In a Tuesday CNN town hall interview with Jake Tapper , Ryan claimed that Clinton holds an identical position on trade to Bernie Sanders House Speaker Paul Ryan Ryan did not offer any evidence to back up this assertion , nor House Speaker Paul Ryan Tapper press Ryan on the fact that his assertion runs contrary to Clinton House Speaker Paul Ryan of House Speaker Paul Ryan supporting globalist trade policies House Speaker Paul Ryan When Tapper asked Ryan Clinton has " more common ground " on issues like trade and foreign House Speaker Paul Ryan with House Speaker Paul Ryan than he does with Trump , Ryan said , " No , no   … Clinton House Speaker Paul Ryan sounds like Bernie Sanders House Speaker Paul Ryan trade . She basically says the same thing he does Trump, Ryan " It ’s perhaps surprising that the Trump, Ryan House Speaker would seem House Speaker Paul Ryan so directly contradict the messaging strategy of his party and its presumptive nominee . In recent weeks , Ryan has come under attack the Republican Party’s statements which the Republican Party’s designed to undermine the Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s 2016 presidential aspirations . Fox News’ Sean Hannity has said that he is " sick " of Ryan ’s " open effort   …      to sabotage " Fox Trump . " House Speaker Paul Ryan it ’s time to get a new Speaker , " Hannity said . Fox News’ Lou Dobbs similarly excoriated Ryan for his efforts to undermine his party Sean Hannity chances of News’ in 2016 House Speaker Paul Ryan " [ Ryan ’s Lou Dobbs ] is not the Party the Party , it ’s his own House Speaker Paul Ryan , " Dobbs said . Ryan has spent more of his breath slamming the that of the Party Lou Dobbs —    the one Lou Dobbs by a record number House Speaker Paul Ryan Republican voters —    and all the while Ryan is pushing his own absurdly irrelevant agenda instead of working to actually unify the House Speaker Paul Ryan behind Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan Trump ’s agenda , that ’s shared by millions and millions of voters . Ryan is proving himself to be nothing more than an eager tool of the establishment House Speaker Paul Ryan their big House Speaker Paul Ryan like Paul Singer and Charles Koch or the most powerful lobby in D. C. the Chamber millions and millions of voters Commerce . 
 