  ( CNN ) Vice President Joe Biden presided over a joint session of Congress Friday , where members officially tallied electoral votes from the 2016 presidential election .    Donald Trump ’s 304 electoral votes were n’t counted without incident , however . During the course of the certification , House Democrats tried to object to electoral votes from multiples states , with Vice President Joe Biden gaveling House Democrats down for failure to follow the rules . Objections to the votes needed to be in writing and signed by both a member of the House and a member of the Senate . Every the House member who rose to object did so without a senator ’s signature .   1:09 P. M. ET : Rep. Jim McGovern of Massachusetts rose to object to the certificate from Alabama .   " The electors were not lawfully certified , especially given the confirmed and illegal activities engaged by the government of Russia , " Rep. Jim McGovern of Massachusetts said . Biden denied Rep. Jim McGovern of Massachusetts on the grounds that Biden did n’t have a senator ’s signature on Biden written objection . 1:14 P. M. : Rep. Jamie Raskin of Maryland rose to object to 10 of Florida ’s 29 electoral votes .   " Rep. Jamie Raskin of Maryland violated Florida prohibition against dual office holders , " Rep. Jamie Raskin of Maryland said . Again , despite the fact that Rep. Jamie Raskin of Maryland pointed out that Rep. Jamie Raskin of Maryland had Rep. Jamie Raskin of Maryland objection in writing , Rep. Jamie Raskin of Maryland failed to get a senator ’s signature .   1:15 P. M. : No sooner had the Florida Florida been settled than its the Florida question to the north was the subject of another objection , when Washington ’s Rep. Pramila Jayapal objected to Georgia ’s vote certificate . " It is over , " Biden told the congresswoman . 1:21 P. M. : Rep. Barbara Lee of California brought up voting machines and Russian hacking when she Rep. Barbara Lee of California following the counting of Michigan ’s votes . " People are horrified by the overwhelming evidence of Russian Russian in our election , " Lee Rep. Barbara Lee of California . Once again , her Rep. Barbara Lee of California was denied for the lack of a senator ’s signature . They also turned off her Rep. Barbara Lee of California . 1:23 P. M. : After New York ’s tally was read , Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas stood up to object . " I object on the massive voter suppression that included    " Jackson Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas .   " The debate is not in order , " Biden interrupted . Again , the congresswoman Biden senator senator’s . 1:28 P. M. : Arizona ’s Rep. Raul Grijalva rose to object after North Carolina ’s tally . He tried to object Arizona’s Rep. Raul Grijalva violations of the Voting Rights Act , but Biden shut him down Biden As Arizona’s Rep. Raul Grijalva may have guessed , he did n’t have Arizona’s Rep. Raul Grijalva signature of a a senator’s signature up , Jackson Lee tagged him Arizona’s Rep. Raul Grijalva and tried to object to the Arizona’s Rep. Raul Grijalva herself . They cut off her microphone , too . the votes herself " There Jackson Lee no debate . There is no debate . There is no debate , no debate visibly agitated Biden said no debate Biden .    1:31 PM : Jackson Lee made a visibly agitated Biden appearance minutes later after Jackson Lee ’s certification .   " There is no debate in the joint session , " Biden said , shutting Biden down once more Biden   1:36 PM : Biden must have thought Biden after five minutes of peace and getting through the state of West Virginia , that the House members might observe the rules . Lee was n’t even able to make it through Jackson Lee objection before Biden said , " Biden is the rules debate . "   They cut off her microphone again . 1:37 PM : Wisconsin ’s Jackson Lee had been read . With just Wyoming to go , the finish line was in reach .   Jackson Lee once again tried to make an objection Jackson Lee grounds of Russian interference in the election . " The objection can not be received , " Biden said . 1:38 PM : The final state ’s votes had been read . Then entered California Rep. Maxine Waters . Taking a play from her own book     she objected to the certification of George W. California Rep. Maxine Waters ’s 2000 election California Rep. Maxine Waters Waters admitted that she did n’t have a senator ’s signature on her objection . California Rep. Maxine Waters I wish to ask : Is there one California Rep. Maxine Waters States senator who will join me in this letter of objection ? " Waters asked . Through House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s chuckle and boos from the rest of the chamber , it was clear that there was not . 1:40 PM : The states were counted , but three protestors started yelling from the visitors’ gallery of the chamber . At least one of them was reciting the Constitution the chamber was taken away by security . three protestors Biden did not look thrilled . But at the end of the day , despite the objections , Trump ’s election was certified by Congress . 
 