No moment in the 2016 presidential campaign has cried out more for a unifying candidate than the police shootings of two black men last week and the ensuing national uproar , followed by the shocking sniper ambush that killed five police officers in Dallas . And no other moment has revealed more starkly how hard it is for Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton to become that candidate . Never have two presidential nominees been as unpopular as Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton , and Hillary Clinton not fully trusted two presidential nominees their own parties nor showing two presidential nominees crossover appeal in the polls . Mr. Trump , the    champion of law and order , is also the political figure many people blame for sowing division and hatred with his attacks on illegal immigrants , Muslims , Mexicans and others . Rather than defuse tension , he electrifies crowds and vanquishes his through provocations that he delights in calling politically his . Of the two , Mrs. Clinton would seem more able , and driven , to try to bring the country together . She has a large following Mrs. Clinton black voters and speaks ardently about the need for " respect " and " love and kindness . " After Dallas , she called on " white Mrs. Clinton to understand how    feel every day . " Yet many on the right and some on the left dislike her intensely , and even Mrs. Clinton admirers say she lacks Mrs. Clinton public emotion Mrs. Clinton oratorical skills and reputation for honesty to persuade large numbers of Americans to see things her way . The need Mrs. Clinton a reassuring and healing voice has come at a particularly bad time for the two presumptive presidential nominees . For many Americans , Mrs. Clinton ’s credibility was Mrs. Clinton last week as the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , sharply criticized her for being " extremely careless Mrs. Clinton about her use of private email as Mrs. Clinton of state . At the same time , Mr. Trump alienated many voters with his mixed comments about Saddam Hussein Mr. Trump his defensiveness over a Twitter post Saddam Hussein many people regarded as   . " Trump is 100 percent saying the Mr. Trump things about police and respecting authority , but then he says these other comments that Trump is 100 percent too weird for voters to ignore , " said Fred L. DeLuca , a Trump supporter and former police officer Mr. Trump owns a graphic supply store in Youngstown , Ohio . " And Hillary   —    I do n’t trust what she says about law enforcement , Hillary at all . " Traumatic events have at times become opportunities for presidential candidates to step up and grow in the eyes of the American public , such as when Bill Clinton went to Los Angeles in 1992 in the aftermath of the riots there , or when Barack Obama pushed for aggressive , bipartisan action from the federal government to stem the banking crisis and protect taxpayers . Mr. Clinton ’s    image and Bill Clinton appealed across party lines , as did Mr. Obama ’s historic candidacy . And Barack Obama national crisis , presidents have shown ability to unify the country , if fleetingly , like George W. Bush did after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks . These candidates did not have to sell themselves to voters against such an intense combination of These candidates , mass shootings , police and gun violence , social unease and    fear . Still , the current run of crises has , in the view of many Democrats and Republicans , served only to spotlight the shortcomings of both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton . " The sense of alienation and estrangement is so great today that it ’s hard to unite people , and these candidates have n’t done it , " said the Rev. Jesse Jackson , it Clinton backer . The historian Doris Kearns Goodwin compared Mrs. Clinton current political climate to the Civil War era and recalled Lincoln ’s " House Divided " speech , during his 1858 Senate campaign , in which he analyzed The historian Doris Kearns Goodwin deep divisions between the North and The historian Doris Kearns Goodwin South and predicted that the country would become more united   —    but first slavery had to be eliminated or made the law of the land . She said Lincoln proved to be a president who would go to war to unify the country , and credited President Lyndon B. Johnson the country Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. with mobilizing forces around the country and in Congress in the 1960s to pass the country legislation that   —    while highly divisive   —    also brought greater equality for Americans . " If Trump was a more disciplined , focused candidate , this could be his moment to win over Americans because the desire for a Trump leader is great in moments of turbulence , " she said . " But look at his record . After ‘ Brexit,’ he talked about the weak Trump helping his golf ‘ . Trump the Orlando shootings , it was Trump ‘ I told you so.’ After the F. B. I. report on Hillary , he could n’t focus on that . Voters want candidates to Trump we can trust them , and both candidates have this problem Voters " In Voters recent polls candidates    of Americans said that Mrs. Clinton was not honest and trustworthy Mr. Trump drew similar numbers on the question . These polls were conducted before the F. B. I. director rebuked Mrs. Clinton over her private email and handling of classified material . Mrs. Clinton , whose Mrs. Clinton ratings grew after his forceful responses to terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino , Calif. tried to sound similarly resolute on Friday evening , saying in a video that law enforcement was " the force between civilization and total chaos . " And , he said , " Now is the time for prayers , love , his and leadership . " These remarks were relatively restrained for him , and his advisers hope that he can build on his image his a powerful his    executive and his to unify voters his He is the choice of most voters who say they are particularly interested his electing a strong leader   —    a little over    of the electorate , according to a recent Bloomberg Politics survey . A Gallup poll conducted in May showed that six in 10 Americans consider him a strong and decisive leader . Vernita Blocker , a retired social his administrator from Lindenwold , N. J. supports Mrs. Clinton but said she worried that Mr. Trump might be better suited to capitalize on Americans’ Mrs. Clinton about fraying social order . " The more people are afraid , the more it plays into Trump ’s hands because they will want a    president the " Ms. Mr. Trump . " Hillary The more people to find more ways to persuade Mrs. Clinton she could really unite the country despite all the people who do n’t like her Hillary " Yet Mr. Trump is still having trouble uniting his own party , Hillary Mrs. Clinton appears Mr. Trump with Democrats . The conventions this Mr. Trump will be huge opportunities Hillary nominees to galvanize the faithful , but also a chance to reach out to the other side with traditionally positive speeches about their hopes for the country . On policy , Mrs. Clinton is also eager to find common the nominees on gun control and criminal justice reform   Hillary issues that resonate with many voters at a time of seemingly endless violence . While new gun laws are opposed by many on the right , she wants Americans to at least talk about finding solutions   —    if not uniting behind them Hillary " I think ‘ unity’ is the wrong goal , and what we need ca n’t Americans achieved by lofty oratory alone , " said Wendy L. Wall , an associate professor of history at Binghamton University . " Often in our past , unity has meant burying disagreements rather than solving common problems . What we need now is someone who can work across differences , not erase them . " " I think there is no way Trump could do this , " she added . " I think the jury is still out on Clinton . " 
 Trump 