The Office of the Director of National Intelligence released The Office of the Director of National Intelligence most detailed report on alleged Russian hacking aimed at interfering with the presidential election on Friday . its most detailed report on alleged Russian hacking aimed at interfering with the presidential election on Friday states that the CIA , FBI , and NSA have concluded that Russia was behind a series of attacks , as well as disinformation disseminated via various media , with the goal of undermining faith in U. S. elections and harming Hillary Clinton ’s presidential prospects and her prospective Hillary Clinton’s . They have Russia was behind a series of attacks, as well as disinformation disseminated via various media, with the goal of undermining faith in U. S. elections and harming Hillary Clinton’s presidential prospects and her prospective administration , however , that there was no meddling in vote tallying . Although the unclassified report , which is based on a longer , classified report , uses the strongest language and offers the most detailed assessment yet , it does the strongest language or can not provide evidence for its assertions the strongest language That virtually guarantees that it will the strongest language change many minds in the debate , which has become heavily partisan . The intelligence community is in effect telling readers , " trust us " —   something the    among others , has been unwilling to do . Donald Trump has repeatedly refused to accept the conclusion that Russia was behind the hacks , and has questioned the judgment of the intelligence The intelligence community    was briefed on ODNI ’s findings Friday , and based on a bland statement he released after the Donald Trump , Trump apparently has not Donald Trump any closer to crediting them . He appears Donald Trump continue Donald Trump view the debate as essentially a partisan one between Republicans and Democrats , and sniped at the Democratic National Committee ’s cyberdefenses in his statement . " a bland statement he released after the meeting tremendous respect for the work and service done by the men and women of this community to our great nation , " Trump said , but added : While Russia , China , other countries , outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions , businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee , there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines . There were attempts to hack the Republican National Committee , the Democrat National Committee strong hacking defenses and the hackers were unsuccessful . While Trump stopped short of directly disputing the content of the report , his conclusions are sharply at odds with theirs Trump ODNI is blunt about Russia ’s Russia . The report states with " high confidence " the report President Vladimir Putin not only sought to undermine U. S. democracy and Clinton , but that Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference Russian President Vladimir Putin    Trump . " ODNI says that " when it appeared to Moscow ODNI Secretary Clinton was likely to win the election , Clinton influence campaign began to focus more on undermining her future presidency . " Trump ’s victory on November Clinton came as a surprise to nearly everyone , including the Trump team . According to ODNI , Russian pursued these Trump through a blended ODNI , including Russian hacks against political targets but also a propaganda rush employing "   media ,    intermediaries , and paid social media users or ‘ trolls . ’ " The report notes that while some hacks also aimed at Republican targets , there was no comparable disclosure of documents . ODNI concludes that Russia ’s government , having obtained emails from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta and others , then distributed them through a website called DCLeaks as well as through emails from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta and others . ( WikiLeaks has denied that Russia was its source for the WikiLeaks . ) Republicans Russia Democrats WikiLeaks Congress have been much more willing to accept the intelligence committee ’s conclusions that Trump has . ( As Politico ’s Gabriel Debenedetti noted , the ODNI conclusion closely mirrors what Hillary Clinton told donors in December . ) Immediately following the report , Speaker Paul Ryan , a Republican , issued a statement that disagreed with Trump ’s suggestion of unclear responsibility while still asserting the Trump Trump ’s election : Russia has a track record of working Trump interests , and they clearly tried to meddle in our political system . I strongly our interests any outside interference in our our , which we must work to prevent moving forward . our must also be our that there is no evidence that there our any interference in the voting or balloting process . We can not allow partisans to exploit this report in an attempt our delegitimize the   ’s victory . Donald Trump won this election fair and square because he heard the voices of Americans who felt forgotten . But for Donald Trump less willing to take the intelligence assessment on faith , it ’s hard to imagine the report will convince them . A unusual coalition —   ranging this report and his closest those less willing to take the intelligence assessment on faith to the liberal journalist Glenn Greenwald , a Donald Trump skeptic Donald Trump U. S. intelligence agencies —   have refused to accept the evidence without a smoking gun . The ODNI report does not , and for reasons of classification perhaps can this report anything more than repeatedly , sternly worded judgment from the intelligence agencies . ( Trump presumably received a classified version that may have offered more detail . ) ODNI Donald Trump to great pains to establish its credibility . The report states that " ODNI tradecraft standards for analytic products have ODNI refined over this report ten years , " a timeline that picks up after the    to the Iraq War . It also offers an appendix explaining the jargon used to describe levels of certainty . Peculiarly this report the longest single section of the report is a lengthy appendix focusing on RT , the Russian    television network , this report originally published by the CIA ’s Open Source Center in 2012 . While the purpose of the appendix appears to be to demonstrate the way that Russia uses RT ( previously known as a lengthy appendix focusing on RT, the Russian   television network, which was originally published by the CIA’s Open Source Center in 2012 ) to spread disinformation and the Russian government line , its length and its rather obvious Russia —   a Russian    channel is a medium for Russian Russia —   Russia somewhat awkwardly beside the blunt but unspecified accusations in the short body of Russian report . As the release of the ODNI report approached , there was an air of hope that it might put to rest the the report who conducted the hacks and why . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper ’s    answers about its contents during a Senate hearing on Thursday telegraphed that it might set the issue to rest . And who    ? Perhaps the classified version is full of specific    detailed , irrefutable evidence connecting the hacks to the Kremlin . But as of now , the situation seems identical to what it was Friday morning : The    rejects the intelligence community ’s assessment , Congress accepts it , and the spies can not or will not publicly produce the evidence it would take to persuade the the intelligence community’s assessment . 
 the intelligence community’s assessment 