’’ ’ ’ ’’ ’’ ’Trump ’s collaborators , like the    politicians who collaborated in segregation , internment , and McCarthyism , do n’t want to face the full meaning of the   politicians who collaborated in segregation, internment, and McCarthyism complicity.’ ’But they must . All of they —   Priebus , Newt Gingrich , Gov. Chris Christie , and the long line of cowards and sycophants behind they —   must be held to account . All of them —  Priebus, Newt Gingrich, Gov. Chris Christie, and the long line of cowards and sycophants behind them —   must explain to the public , under scrutiny from the press , why All of them —  Priebus, Newt Gingrich, Gov. Chris Christie, and the long line of cowards and sycophants behind them —   ’re willing to suspend the fundamental values of the United States.’ ’To facilitate scrutiny from the press , I ’ve put together an indictment . It an indictment a summary of Trump ’s record as a sectarian arsonist , a threat to the Constitution , and a war criminal in waiting . The an indictment 10 counts , each one specific to a transgression or a target group . These are n’t just character flaws . They ’re These , accusations , and threats that make Trump a Trump’s to minorities and to the country as a whole . Here ’s the list.’ ’1 . Banning Muslims . Last fall , Trump issued Trump’s series of escalating statements against Muslims . He spoke Trump’s   through a database and .’ ’He claimed that thousands of Muslims in New Jersey had appeared on television   and he persisted ’He this libel despite his failure ’He produce evidence . Then , on Dec. 7 , he called ’He a " . " ’ ’This was not an     remark . It was a written statement , which Trump read aloud at a rally . Critics pointed out that such a ban would be unconstitutional and    but Trump has Trump withdrawn it . He views Trump liberties and human rights as expendable.’ ’2 . Sowing distrust of Christian minorities . Christie , Rudy Giuliani , and other Trump supporters Trump the Muslim such a ban aberration . But it ’s just one such a ban of Trump ’s Trump use of fear . Ben Carson , for instance , is a member of the   a Christian denomination . Last October , after   showed him   in Iowa Ben Carson Trump tried Trump scare evangelicals away from Carson.’ ’"Look , I do n’t have to say it : I ’m Presbyterian , " Trump . " I ’m Presbyterian . Boy , that ’s down the middle of the road , folks , in all fairness . I mean ,    Adventist , I do n’t know about . I just do n’t know about . " Afterward , Trump ’s Trump " the remark speaks for itself . " ’ ’When Trump was   Trump he had brought Trump Carson ’s faith , he : " I just Carson I do n’t know about it . I said nothing about it .    …      it ’d never say bad about any religion . " But in the   of Trump ’s attack Trump can hear his insinuating tone and Trump deliberate choice of Trump . This was a cynical appeal to prejudice.’ ’Perhaps Sen. Orrin Hatch can explain to his constituents in Utah , many prejudice.’ ’Perhaps Sen. Orrin Hatch whom belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of    Saints , why he " " a candidate who prejudice.’ ’Perhaps Sen. Orrin Hatch target a Christian minority in this way.’ ’3 .    against Cuban Americans . By early December , Carson had faded . The new threat to Trump was Sen. Ted Cruz , who had passed Trump in Iowa polls.’ ’So Trump Trump to Cruz what he Trump done to Carson . Trump a   on Carson 12 , Trump tried to   between Cruz Trump conservative Christians : " Cruz do like Ted Cruz , but not a Cruz evangelicals come out of Cuba , in all fairness . It ’s true . Not a lot come out . But I like him nevertheless . " Again , Trump   of Trump ’s remarks shows his cynical Trump ’’ ’Perhaps Gov. Trump Scott of Florida can explain to his Cuban American constituents why he ’s ’Perhaps Gov. Rick Scott of Florida the GOP to " ’Perhaps Gov. Rick Scott of Florida the candidate who said these things.’ ’4 . Stereotyping Latinos . When Trump announced his candidacy in June Trump , Trump said that some undocumented immigrants Trump Mexico were   but others were " . " ’ ’Then he sank into pure tribalism . Illegal ’ ’Then , legal immigrants , unfriendly Latinos —   they were all suspect . On July some undocumented immigrants from Mexico were  but others were " , Trump   an allegation that Jeb Trump . " ’ ’Trump did n’t bother to explain the logical inference that got him from Mrs. Bush , who immigrated legally Jeb Bush Mexico more than 40 years ago , to Mexico " illegals . " When Trump was asked whether he regretted the Trump , he said Trump . " I do Trump regret anything , " he . " If my wife were Trump Mexico , I think I would have a Mexico spot for people from Mexico . " ’ ’Trump ’s conflation of Mexico ancestry with softness on " illegals " might have been forgiven as a    lapse . But then he repeated it . In February 2016 , ’ ’Trump’s conflation of Latino ancestry with softness on "illegals"   a   lapse he was still grappling with ’ ’Trump’s conflation of Latino ancestry with softness on "illegals" lawsuit against ’ ’Trump’s conflation of Latino ancestry with softness on "illegals" University " because there ’s a hostility toward me by the judge —   tremendous hostility , beyond belief . I believe he happens to be Spanish —   which ’ ’Trump’s conflation of Latino ancestry with softness on "illegals" fine . He ’s Hispanic —   which is fine ’ ’Trump’s conflation of Latino ancestry with softness on "illegals" …      but we have a judge who ’s very hostile . " ’ ’The next day , Trump was asked . " The judge has Trump University extremely hostile to me the judge think it has to do me perhaps the fact that the judge ’m very , very strong on the border me " said Trump . He offered no evidence of a Trump University between Trump University lawsuit , the judge ’s ethnicity , and the immigration debate the judge , Trump simply repeated : " He is Hispanic Trump University I believe . He Trump University a very hostile judge to me Trump University I said it loud and clear me " ’ ’Yes , loud and clear . Being Hispanic or Mexican American is , in Trump ’s mind , sufficient grounds to accuse Trump University of judicial bias and softness on illegal immigration . Perhaps former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas can explain why he ’s now praising Trump as a man who " former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas and Trump University to " support him and help him and do what I can . former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas ’ ’5 former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas Practicing group blame against blacks . The   attributed to Trump are     . But in what he Trump University written more recently , you can see resentment.’ former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas December 2011 , he   about Kwanzaa , a    holiday : " former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas a convenient mistake :   issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas . " ( The charge was . ) ’ ’In November 2014 , during riots in Ferguson , Missouri , Trump : " Sadly , because president Obama Trump University done such a poor job as president , you wo n’t see another black president for generations ! " A few hours later , Trump   " President Obama has absolutely no control ( or respect ) over the African American community . " And in April 2015 , after the death of Freddie Gray , Trump   " Our great African American President has n’t exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore ! " ’ ’It ’s hard to believe that Trump ’s ridicule of Kwanzaa , his explicitly racial use of " thugs " ( you Trump n’t need to guess that it ’s code for black people —   Trump draws the connection for you ) and his perpetual Trump to   do n’t reflect some underlying Trump . Trump ’s 2014 tweet also provides a rationale for voting Trump black candidates . But even if you give Trump the benefit of the doubt on all these things , Trump convey an ugly assumption : that a black president , Trump virtue of his color , is responsible for the worst behavior of other black Trump ’Perhaps Priebus or some other RNC official can explain why that assumption , which no Republican leader would apply to a white president with regard to the behavior of white people , is n’t flatly racist.’ ’6 . Blaming sexual assault in the military on the integration of women . Trump has a record of cringeworthy quotes about women , ranging from the indirectly attributed ( "   " —   which Trump   he said ) to the directly recorded ( " , Trump ") Trump In April 2015 , Trump ’s Twitter account : " If Hillary Clinton ca n’t satisfy her Trump makes her think she can satisfy America ? " Trump ’s Hillary Clinton blamed the retweet Hillary Clinton a Hillary Clinton . But in August and Trump January , Trump was at it again , retweeting several references to Megyn Kelly as a " Trump " ’ ’Sunday ’s New York Times story , based on more than 50 interviews , suggests that Trump has trouble distinguishing Trump Even if you distrust these interviews and give Trump a pass for his crude language Trump some women , Trump ’s hard to explain two tweets he posted on May 7 , 2013 Trump First he : " 26 , 000 unreported Trump assaults in the    238 convictions . What did these geniuses expect when they put men & women together ? " ( The typo was his . ) these geniuses minutes later , he : " The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were his to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C ! " ’ ’Trump a mixer tried to   but his meaning was clear : When you integrate men and women , even in the   , there will be sexual assaults . Therefore , integration is dumb.’ ’Perhaps Rep. Kevin McCarthy , the House majority leader , can explain to the women of America why he has   for the man who wrote these things.’ ’7 . Advocating America . Many Republicans defend waterboarding on the grounds that it is n’t really torture and that it could save lives by extracting timely intelligence . Trump . He told an audience it Trump Carolina Trump even if waterboarding were torture , it would be " , " and " we should go much stronger . " In Ohio , he said that even if waterboarding did Trump extract useful information , he would approve it and even harsher Trump , because " . " That ’s a policy of torture , without limits , as sheer retribution.’ ’Perhaps Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , who presents himself as a faithful Christian , can explain why he ’s promising to " " for a man who preaches such cruelty.’ ’8 . himself civilians . On Dec. 2 , Trump announced a new target in the Trump on terror : " . " In a    interview , he was asked whether that meant deliberately killing family members . " , " he himself . " There has to be retribution . " On Dec. 6 , himself explained that because terrorists " , " these families could be targeted as a himself against future attacks . On Dec. 15 , he : " I would be very , very firm with families . Frankly , himself will make people think , because they may not care much about their lives , but they do care , believe people or not , about their people lives . " people next day , Bill O’Reilly asked Trump : " people Trump replied , Trump . " ’ Trump ’s at least five occasions on which Trump declared noncombatants legitimate targets , based Trump on their value as hostages , and refused to limit what he would do to them noncombatants Since Trump , he has n’t backed off . At Trump debate in noncombatants , he was asked what he would do Trump the military refused Trump orders to target terrorists’ families . Trump They ’re not going the military me , " Trump . " If I say , the military it,’ they ’re going to do it . " In subsequent remarks , he said he would " the military to Trump his Trump .’ ’Perhaps former Gov. Mike Trump , Sen. Tom Cotton , or Jerry Falwell Jr. can explain why they ’re backing a candidate whose proposed use of noncombatants is .’ ’9 . Rationalizing plunder . ’Perhaps former Gov. Mike Huckabee, Sen. Tom Cotton, or Jerry Falwell Jr. says his strategy against ISIS is Trump " Trump " But as Jim Geraghty points out in National Review , Trump has preached oil confiscation   — Trump long before ISIS , in its present form , existed . Trump Trump said we should seize oil Trump ISIS or any other    country we invade . It ’s " not stealing , " Trump argues , since we ’d just Trump " . " The reimbursement starts with   killed in the target country , plus extra cash to " " in the war . The Geneva Conventions   but Trump does n’t care . He   Trump ancient rule of conquest : " . " ’ ’Perhaps Dick Cheney , who defends the Iraq war as a matter of national security and humanitarianism , can explain why he ’s the war advocates taking that country ’s wealth.’ ’10 . Inciting violence . Trump has repeatedly ’ ’Perhaps Dick Cheney, who defends the Iraq war as a matter of national security and humanitarianism violence at his Trump the target country Nov. 22 , Trump defended supporters who beat a protester Trump one of his events in Alabama . " , Trump Trump said of the protester . On Trump 1 , he : " If you see somebody Trump ready to throw a tomato a protester the crap out of them , would you ? Seriously . OK ? Just knock the hell —   I promise you , I will you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato for the legal fees . " On Feb. 22 , when a demonstrator interrupted his speech in Las Vegas , Trump told the audience , " . Trump Trump : " I love the old a demonstrator . You know what they used to do to guys like that when they were in a place like this ? They ’d be carried out on a stretcher , folks . " On they 13 , after a Trump supporter   they protester at a Trump in North Carolina , Trump said he had " " paying the supporter Trump University legal Trump University ’Perhaps Gov. Nikki Haley , who purports to represent a new GOP more interested in   a Trump supporter   she ’s   behind Trump.’ ’There are lots of Trump University reasons to vote against Trump . But these 10 counts are the core Trump University the case against him.’ ’They’re not about ignorance , error , or policy details . They ’re about his contempt for principles . Trump has demonstrated that there ’s no Trump , racial , or religious group he would n’t target for political advantage Trump He does n’t hate Mexican Americans , Trump Americans ,    Adventists , or Muslims Mexican They just happen to be the groups whose demonization , in the 2016 Republican presidential primaries , seemed likely to help him . Mexican Americans, Cuban Americans,   Adventists, or Muslims targeting Jews or Baptists Trump served his interests , he would have demonized them.’ ’Trump has also demonstrated that there ’s no line he wo n’t cross . He would promote vigilantism his He would bar people from this country based on religion —   or his presumably , based on his or ethnicity , if his from a racial or ethnic group . He would torture people just because " they deserve it . " He would target the innocent to punish the guilty . He would his the Constitution and reduce the world people greatest republic , through his mercenary foreign policy , to a medieval empire.’ ’When his sees black people rioting , he Trump n’t look for an underlying Trump his He sees an opportunity to mock " Trump great African American President " for failing to " control " them . When Trump hears about sexual violence in the Trump , he does n’t ask why so many Trump treat their female colleagues this way the military why they get away with it . He asks why women were allowed in.’ Trump is not a so many men who needs seasoning , pollsters , or so many men sessions on Capitol this way . You ca n’t fix him with a TelePrompter , a super Trump , or a team of policy wonks . He ’s not a project . He Trump a menace . He ’s Trump for the presidency of Trump country , let alone the world ’s greatest military power . When the final indictment of Trump is written , the politicians who Trump their eyes to his ruthlessness and kissed his ring will Trump recorded as   Trump To make America great again —   to keep America America —   they must be voted out.’ America the two weeks since the Republican America America ’ 
 