Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know : • In a series of Twitter posts , the ethics watchdog for the United States government revealed legal advice that would normally be confidential : that    Donald J. Trump must divest   Donald J. Trump financial stake in   Donald J. Trump businesses . It was unclear whether   Donald J. Trump ’s pledge to take steps to separate from his his businesses clear that bar . Mr.   Donald J. Trump to hold rallies in states that were crucial to his victory   Donald J. Trump _ _ _ _ _ • Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump for national security adviser , retired Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , an outspoken critic of political Islam , has described China , North Korea , Russia , Cuba and Venezuela as      conspirators . Here ’s a list of those picked for cabinet positions and other possible selections   —    including Sarah Palin , under consideration for secretary of veterans affairs . And here ’s the latest on the transition . The   ’s reliance on social media has raised a question for news organizations : Is everything Mr. Trump posts on Twitter news ? _ _ _ _ _ • Iraqi security forces retaking territory from the Islamic State are uncovering mass graves on a despairingly regular basis . Most of the dead were killed recently , after the campaign for Mosul began . We met a Syrian reporter , Hadi Abdullah , 29 , above , as he was traveling to Aleppo . " I do n’t expect anything to stop me but death , " he said . _ he _ _ _ • The European Union plans to spend 5 . 5 billion euros a year to help governments acquire military hardware , including helicopters and drones , and to develop military technology . The pledge comes as the U. S. appears to be taking a step back in its role in the The pledge . _ _ _ _ _ • It took nearly three weeks , 12 closely fought games and a day of    tiebreakers to decide the World Chess Championship , but at the end of play , victory went to the defending champion , Magnus Carlsen . The victory for Mr. Carlsen , who is from Norway , also fell on his 26th birthday . _ _ _ _ _ • The pilot of the chartered plane that crashed in Colombia , killing almost all aboard , including members of a Brazilian soccer team , had radioed controllers that he was running out of fuel . " Fuel emergency , " he said in one he his last transmissions . he _ _ _ _ • Lufthansa flights resume today . Its pilots’ strike has become the latest example of how the fabled competence of German conglomerates has fallen into crisis . • Maxim Oreshkin , 34 , is Russia ’s new economy minister . President Vladimir V. Putin will deliver his annual state of President Vladimir V. Putin nation speech today . • OPEC ’s deal to cut production by 1 . 2 million barrels a day sent oil prices soaring . • Snapchat ’s parent company , Snap , is headed for a blockbuster I. P. O. next year . Spectacles , Snap ’s    sunglasses , are among the most compelling tech devices of recent years . • Eurozone unemployment figures , released today , are expected to fall below 10 percent for the first time since 2011 . • Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Ukrainian missile tests due to start today near Crimea could become another flash point in tensions with Russia . [ Kyiv Post ] • Mahmoud Abbas , the president of the Palestinian Authority , proposed the creation of a unity government with Hamas , the militant rival faction that controls the Gaza Strip . [ The New York Times ] • Colombia ’s Congress approved a peace accord with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC Colombia in a vote that was most likely the final hurdle in ratifying the agreement whose earlier version had been rejected in a referendum this fall . [ The New York Times The New York Times , the future American first lady , warned Slovenians not to use her name and likeness without her consent Melania Trump, the future American first lady [ Politico ] • Melania Trump, the future American first lady Gambia , voters will decide whether to reinstall President Yahya Jammeh , who is 22 years into his pledge to stay in power for a billion years . [ The New York Times ] • China ’s 30 million " missing girls " may simply have not been registered , not aborted or killed after birth , new research suggests . [ The Washington Post ] • Eduardo Mendoza won this year ’s Cervantes Prize , the    world ’s highest literary honor , for bringing a " new narrative style to Spanish fiction . " [ Associated Press ] • The inventor of the Big Mac , Jim Delligatti , died at 98 . [ The New York Times ] • Unesco declared Belgian beer culture as part of humanity ’s intangible cultural heritage . Monks in the Italian town of Norcia , above , hope their beer brewing operation can help the Monks in the Italian town of Norcia, above recover from the country ’s the Italian town of Norcia since 1980 . • " The world is    crumbling ,    the machine rusting . " This is    poem by Birgitta Jonsdottir , the politician trying to form a government in Iceland , where poetry is a national pastime . • Scotland said its bank notes were free of animal products Scotland the Bank of England dismayed vegans by saying a new note contained a substance usually made from animal fat . • Using complex optics , a       camera in Berlin creates    portraits directly onto photo paper . • Pirelli , in its 2017 calendar , demonstrated that there is • Pirelli and audacity at any age . • And here ’s a Times investigative reporter reminiscing about how the Austrian Alps rekindled his passion for skiing . More than 30 years ago , a cow set a record for the most milk produced in 24 hours . Ubre Blanca ( White Udder ) was said to yield 110 . 9 liters , or 29 gallons , that day . Her master was Fidel Castro . The supercow Ubre Blanca (White Udder) one of many tales Cubans will remember as they say goodbye to their longtime leader this Cubans . Ubre Blanca Cubans part of Mr. Castro ’s Ubre Blanca (White Udder) solve a milk shortage Fidel Castro before Dolly the sheep or goats engineered to produce silk , Mr. Castro used artificial insemination to combine the Asian zebu Fidel Castro with a Holstein ’s high yield . Ubre Blanca was born in 1972 to instant stardom Ubre Blanca (White Udder) reports of her progress became news , though in the end , Ubre Blanca (White Udder) was more or less the only success from the Ubre Blanca (White Udder) experiment . Mr. Castro had a love for all things dairy , which included " Cuban Camembert " and a quest to build an ice cream parlor , Coppelia , to rival the American restaurant chain Howard Johnson ’s . His ice cream obsession was also the closest the United States got to a successful assassination attempt   —    poison was to be slipped into Mr. Castro ’s milkshake , but it froze to the side of Mr. Castro . As for Ubre Blanca the United States she died in 1985 . A government official saluted her , saying , " Ubre Blanca gave her all for the people . " Ubre Blanca _ _ _ _ Ubre Blanca Tumin Ubre Blanca reporting . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes . com . 
 