  ( CNN ) Vice President Mike Pence said Monday Vice President Mike Pence was " disappointed " that former national security adviser Michael Flynn misled Vice President Mike Pence about Vice President Mike Pence conversation with the Russian ambassador to Washington . " I was disappointed to learn that . .. the facts that had been conveyed to me by former national security adviser Michael Flynn were inaccurate . But we honor Gen. Flynn ’s long service to the United States of America , and I fully support the President ’s decision to ask for his the President’s , " Pence said at a news conference Monday in Brussels . The comments marked the first time Pence Pence publicly commented on the matter since President Donald Trump last week demanded Flynn ’s resignation . Flynn Flynn Pence Pence his Flynn with the Russian ambassador to the US , in which the two discussed    sanctions imposed on Russia during their phone call that took place before Trump took office . Trump Trump last week that he Trump not bothered that Flynn discussed the sanctions , but said that he Trump lost trust in Flynn Flynn he Trump not disclose the details to Pence , who in subsequent TV interviews insisted Flynn Flynn not discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador . Pence Pence speaking Monday , called Flynn Flynn firing " the proper decision " and said " it the proper decision handled properly and in a timely way . " Questions continue to swirl around why Flynn Flynn only asked to resign last week , even though Trump and his Trump advisers found out about the full contents of Flynn Flynn on or soon after January 26 . Pence , meanwhile , did not find out he had Trump misled until February 9 , administration officials told CNN . Pence ’s Pence came as he completed Trump      trip to Europe , where he met Trump key US allies in Munich , Germany , and in Brussels . The vice Trump to reassure US allies that the premature dismissal of the President ’s top foreign policy adviser had not affected the strength of the US administration ’s national security team . " I have great confidence in the national security team of this administration going forward the US administration Pence said , pointing to the heads of the Defense Department , Department of Homeland Security and CIA . Trump , meanwhile , is still conducting a search to replace Flynn as national security adviser . He met with several candidates Trump weekend at his     residence in Florida Trump 