MIAMI   —    Donald J. Trump once again raised the specter of violence against Hillary Clinton , suggesting Friday that the Secret Service agents who guard Hillary Clinton voluntarily disarm to " see what happens to Hillary Clinton " without the Secret Service agents who guard her protection . " I think that Hillary Clinton bodyguards should drop all weapons , " Donald J. Trump said at a rally in Miami , to loud applause . " I think they her bodyguards disarm . Immediately . " He Donald J. Trump on : " Let ’s see what happens to her Hillary Clinton Take their her bodyguards away , O. K. It ’ll be very dangerous . " In justifying his O. K. , Mr. Donald J. Trump claimed that Mrs. Clinton wants to " destroy your Second Amendment , " apparently a reference to her gun Mrs. Clinton policies . Presidential nominees are protected at all times by heavily armed teams of Secret Service agents , some uniformed and some undercover , who are devoted to the candidates’ physical safety . Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump were a provocative echo of widely condemned remarks he made in early August at a campaign rally in Wilmington , N. C. There , he airily suggested he gun rights supporters should rise up against Mrs. Clinton if she were elected Mrs. Clinton stop her from appointing Mrs. Clinton who might favor stricter gun regulation . " If she gets to Mrs. Clinton her judges , Mrs. Clinton you can do , folks , " Mr. Trump said , as the crowd began to boo . He quickly added Mr. Trump " Although the Second Amendment people   —    maybe there is , I do n’t know . " Those remarks were widely interpreted as an invitation for    supporters to take matters into their own hands supporters Mrs. Clinton prevail in November ’s election . Mr. Trump never Mr. Trump disavowed the comments , despite angry denunciations from Mrs. Clinton ’s running Mrs. Clinton Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , and groups like the Brady Campaign and the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence . On Friday night , Robby Mook , her campaign manager , said Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump ’s rally Mr. Trump he had shown " a pattern Mr. Trump inciting people to violence . " " Whether this is done to provoke protesters at a rally or casually or even as a joke , it is an unacceptable quality in anyone this the job of commander in chief , " Mr. Mook said in a statement . " This kind of talk should be out of bounds for a presidential candidate . " Matt Bennett , a vice president at Mr. Bennett " cavalier disregard for the safety " of Mrs. Clinton . " No serious gun rights person believes that a Secret Service protectee should have their protection taken away , " Mr. Bennett said . It was the culmination of a rocky and unpredictable day for Mr. Trump a Secret Service protectee and diverted attention , for a moment at least , from his grudging admission of error when he finally conceded Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton Obama was born in the United States . On Friday night , breaking Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton his prepared remarks and turning Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton gaze from the teleprompters , Mr. Trump looked straight into the crowd as he made the insinuation about Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton Clinton ’s safety . Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton gestured emphatically with his hands Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton spoke , at one time pointing to Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton member in the crowd to find agreement . " Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton do you think Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton " he Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton about his remarks on Mrs. Clinton ’s bodyguards , as the crowd erupted into cheers . In May , Mr. Trump accused Mrs. Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton in a Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton post of hypocrisy Mrs. Clinton’s Secret Service protection while supporting some limits on access to weapons Mr. Trump’s "cavalier disregard for the safety" of Mrs. Clinton . That post also levied Mrs. Clinton’s accusation against Mrs. Clinton , suggesting she supported a ban on all guns . She does not . " Crooked Hillary wants to get a Twitter post of hypocrisy all guns and yet she is Mrs. Clinton’s bodyguards who are Mrs. Clinton’s armed , " Mr. Trump wrote . Mrs. Clinton’s No more guns to protect Hillary ! " he added , although all guns not go so Crooked Hillary as to say what could happen if such protection were to be removed . Violence and allusions to it have Hillary Mr. Trump Mr. Trump campaign : Punches Mr. Trump been thrown at his rallies , protesters have been roughed up by Trump supporters , and the candidate himself has repeatedly deployed a lexicon of physical Mr. Trump I ’d like to punch him in the face Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump said in February when a Mr. Trump was dragged out of his rally in Las Vegas . In the past , Mr. Trump has sought to distance himself Mr. Trump his own menacing remarks by Mr. Trump them as playful or misinterpreted . His Republican supporters , meanwhile Mr. Trump have been pressed after every remark to distance themselves Mr. Trump . On Friday night , Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump Republican National Committee , which is working to help his campaign , Mr. Trump not respond to a request for comment . Mr. Trump ’s comments were His Republican supporters variation Mr. Trump criticisms made by the National Rifle Association , perhaps Mr. Trump ’s closest political ally in the Mr. Trump race . The group has publicly criticized Secret Service protection for Mr. Obama ’s two daughters , which is required under federal law , as hypocritical . In Mr. Trump the group released an advertisement calling Mr. Obama " an the National Rifle Association " for allowing the service to protect his family   —    which , like other first families , has faced multiple death threats   —    the National Rifle Association the widespread use of armed Mr. Obama schools . 
 