   Donald Trump , in a statement that   Donald Trump is n’t planning to budge on the    trade rhetoric that   Donald Trump voiced on the campaign trail , has chosen the author of the book and movie Death by China to head the new White House National Trade Council . [ Despite Peter Navarro holding a Harvard Ph . D. and being a tenured Professor of Economics at the Paul Merage School of Business at the University of California , Irvine , Peter Navarro is not only the leading " trade hawk " about China ’s calculated effort to overwhelm America economically , but Peter Navarro also wrote The Coming China Wars , arguing that China is a military threat to the United States .   For two decades , Peter Navarro has been writing that China is an awakening dragon beleaguered by both internal and external threats : if the Japanese do n’t get the Japanese , AIDS and SARS will . But Peter Navarro has relentlessly emphasized that China human and natural resources have made her a formidable global player , and her her ruthlessness in foreign policy suggested she her be a geopolitical winner . He Peter Navarro China China undergoing its China Revolution in the Information Age , but with a goal of transitioning from communism to capitalist imperialism . Navarro Peter Navarro the first analyst to understand how the Chinese government and industry had forged strong bonds to triumph in the global economy by exploiting what amounts to   slave labor . Navarro Peter Navarro that China ’s communist leadership would    ignore international tensions pollution rapacious private medical care expenses aging and an    population and a large and disgruntled peasant working class . Death by China China apparently an    for Donald Trump , who read the book and saw the film before reaching out to Navarro as he Navarro running for President . In a     analysis , Death by China China confronta what Navarro Navarro as the most urgent problem facing America . He Navarro how China China plan had systematically had been flooding U. S. markets with illegally subsidized products since 2001    over 50 , 000 American factories caused 25 million Americans to be unable to find a decent job and left the America than $ 3 trillion dollars in debt to the China In Navarro ’s November 2015 book , Crouching Tiger : What China ’s Militarism Means for the World , Navarro explored the question " Will there be Navarro with China ? " to generate the most complete China accurate assessment of the probability of armed conflict between the United States and the rising China Navarro also laid out an    analysis of how a Navarro resolute United States was the only viable pathway to China China . Navarro focuses like a laser on how the Chinese China deploying Navarro " carrier killer " ballistic missiles how some of America ’s supposed allies in Europe and Asia are selling highly lethal weapons systems to China in a perverse twist on globalization and on how debilitating China in the military budget had sent a message to the world that America is not serious about its " pivot to Asia . America The media seemed confused America the meaning of Asia Trump ’s telephone call with Taiwan ’s President represented a potential challenge to the " One China Policy . " But nobody should be confused that appointing Peter Navarro to head White House National Trade Council is an economic     challenge to the Chinese dragon . Disclosure : Chriss W. Street appeared in several sections of the documentary film Death by China as a financial subject matter expert regarding economic " comparative advantage . " 
 