   graffiti reading " Fucc Trump " was spotted on Friday on Sepulveda Boulevard in Los Angeles . It was only one of dozens of incidents of vandalism sweeping the nation in the wake of    Donald Trump ’s victory last Tuesday . [ The particular vandal responsible for the graffiti above , however , seems to have had no idea how to spell one of the most common expletives in the English language . ( Perhaps he , or she , ran out of K ’s scrawling " KKK " on other walls , elsewhere . )     protests continued on Saturday evening in Los Angeles and other cities . The Associated Press reports : " The protests   —    held in big cities such as Los Angeles , New York and Chicago as well as smaller ones , such as Worcester , Massachusetts , and Iowa City , Iowa   —    were largely peaceful Saturday , although two police officers were slightly injured during protests in Indianapolis . " After a protest in downtown L. A. that drew 8 , 000 people on Saturday afternoon , smaller groups of hundreds of demonstrators marched through the Iowa City night . The Los Angeles Times reports : " Some were seen being detained downtown on suspicion of vandalism , including one seen spray painting " my body , my choice " in the 3rd Street tunnel . " In San Luis Obispo , California , several    protesters staged a     —    " much to some marchers’ dismay , " according to the San Luis Obispo Tribune . " A group of about five people held Trump campaign signs and waved an American flag , marching near the other several   protesters the Tribune added . the San Luis Obispo Tribune the San Luis Obispo Tribune throughout the country as Democrats and    activists have rejected the results of last Tuesday ’s election . In some cases , ordinary thugs appear to be using the political outrage as cover for their independent , violent behavior ordinary thugs Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 