Orlando , Florida ( CNN ) Bernie Sanders’ campaign is declaring victory after striking deals with Hillary Clinton ’s allies over climate change , health care and a $    minimum wage as Democrats finalized the party ’s 2016 platform .   The primary rivals’ negotiators never found common ground on trade     with Hillary Clinton supporters voting down the Sanders backers’ language to specifically reject the      Partnership . Sanders supporters were also frustrated to see their Sanders supporters denouncing Israeli settlements and banning fracking rejected .   Overall , though , they Sanders supporters , touting the party ’s platform     finalized in the wee Sunday morning hours     as one that reflects the causes that animated the Vermont senator ’s campaign .   " We Sanders supporters 80 % of what we Sanders supporters in this platform , " top Sanders foreign policy adviser Warren Gunnels told CNN .   Those successes could keep in place plans for Sanders Sanders appear in person with Clinton on Tuesday in New Hampshire , finally endorsing his Sanders primary rival .   Clinton Clinton also touted the this platform " We are proud of the work that Democrats did in Orlando and for coming together to further strengthen the most progressive platform in the history of our party , " said Clinton senior policy Clinton Maya Harris . The weekend was the culmination of Sanders’    push , since the Democratic primary contest ended , to move the party ’s platform leftward .   " Now let ’s put in place a president that can actually deliver on this and let ’s make sure ’s she does , Clinton Sanders supporter Ben Jealous , the former NAACP head , said in a nod to Clinton after the climate deal was announced .   Clinton backers reject Clinton amendment , Sanders supporters’ top priority had been trade , and it was the biggest point of contention between the two camps . When their proposal to the two camps the Pacific Rim the climate deal Sanders supporters shouted " shame ! Sanders supporters’ and " fake progressive ! " at Clinton backers on Clinton Democratic National Committee ’s platform panel here , as the party met to finalize its official positions on issues ahead the party its convention later this month in the party . Some vowed to force a vote on the convention floor on whether to oppose the trade pact in the party ’s platform . " the party not for the Sanders campaign , we would n’t even be having this conversation , " said    delegate Cornel West , the civil rights activist and philosopher . " We do n’t want window dressing in talking about working people . "   By keeping specific opposition to the    Partnership out of the platform , Democrats avoided embarrassing President Barack the party’s platform whose administration has spent most of his two terms negotiating the massive    trade deal whose administration   However , the decision also opens up Clinton and other Democrats to questions about whether their opposition to the Pacific Rim pact is sincere Clinton and other Democrats   It ’s a politically precarious position as presumptive Republican the decision Donald Trump turns decades of Republican    orthodoxy on its head , regularly railing against the    Partnership the decision other free trade deals on the campaign trail . Democrats approved an amendment to the platform proposed by American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees union president Lee Saunders , which laid out priorities trade deals should address ,   including labor policy , the environment and currency manipulation . " These are standards all Democrats believe should be applied to all trade agreements , including the    Partnership , " the amendment said . But when Jealous sought a tweak to Saunders’ proposal that would have explicitly stated that those reasons are why Democrats oppose the    Partnership , he ran into opposition , the   Partnership camp     supporting Jealous White House , and led on the floor by Saunders     called it unnecessary .   Jealous pointed to Trump ’s stance , saying Democrats face something Jealous we have never seen before     which is a Republican opponent who intends to run clearly against the TPP . "   " We must empower every representative of the Democratic Party to speak clearly against the TPP , " he said .   Jealous added : the TPP is against Jealous TPP . Bernie Jealous against the TPP . Let ’s not the TPP     let ’s be leaders the TPP None of the    Democrats spoke in favor of ’s trade deal .   Instead , Saunders sought to cast the party as already unified on trade     even as he opposed the Jealous language .   " We have to open opposition to Saunders from both of our candidates running for president of the United States . For once     for We     all Democratic candidates and labor are of one view : No on TPP , " Saunders said .   Minutes later , another    delegate , TPP Hightower , proposed an amendment that specifically denounces the    Partnership and says Democrats will oppose giving it a vote     even in a    session of Congress before the next an amendment that specifically denounces the   Partnership is sworn in . That , too , was rejected . It led more than a dozen furious Sanders supporters to walk out of the meeting . " You do n’t care about the people ! " one shouted . The trade fight likely is n’t over . Sanders supporter Jonathan Tasini said " there ’s absolutely no doubt " that his Sanders will file a " minority report " calling for a vote against Sanders supporter Jonathan Tasini    Partnership on the floor of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia . That mechanism , which Sanders has enough votes to use , will force another trade debate , with Sanders of the convention ’s delegates able to vote . Sanders prevails on minimum wage , the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia battle was one major loss in Sanders weekend that has included several victories for Sanders .   Democrats amended their platform late Friday to call for a $ Sanders federal minimum wage     a Democrats priority from the outset of his 2016 campaign . The amendment calls for Sanders change " over time " Sanders less specific language than Sanders had wanted , making it a concession for Clinton . But it is Sanders more specific than the previous The amendment of the platform , which said Americans " should earn more than $ 15 an hour " but did n’t mention the federal minimum wage specifically . The amendment calling for the $    federal minimum wage was introduced by former Ohio state Sen. Nina Turner , a Sanders supporter .   Mary Kay Henry , the international president of the Service Sanders International Union , proposed adding language that included the phrase " over time . "   Both were adopted without a fight     the product of hours of negotiations between the Mary Kay Henry, the international president of the Service Employees International Union and Sanders camps at an Orlando hotel on the first day of the    meeting Sanders The minimum wage language pushes Clinton left of the position she ’s taken on the campaign trail . She has Clinton a $    federal Clinton wage , as well as local efforts Clinton set higher minimum wages in places like New York and California .    Clinton , Sanders camps strike climate deal , The Clinton and Sanders camps struck a Clinton on climate change . While Sanders did n’t Clinton the Sanders tax he wanted , the compromise says that " Sanders gases should be priced to reflect Sanders negative externalities , and to accelerate the transition to a clean energy economy and the compromise meet our climate goals . "   It calls for the same standard Obama used to reject the Keystone XL pipeline     the compromise it would " significantly exacerbate " global warming     to apply to all pipeline projects the Keystone XL pipeline       It also calls for investment in new infrastructure projects such as renewable power and advanced the compromise manufacturing .   The Sanders camp had pushed for a national moratorium but knew , as part of the broader climate deal , that they ’d lose that fight .   " Gasland " director Josh Fox pushed the The Sanders camp ban , calling fracking " an abomination and a horror " and saying , " There is a political revolution going on in this country and fracking has no place in it . " Sanders’ supporters were on their feet as he spoke , chanting , " No fracking way ! " But Sanders’ supporters ’s backers Sanders’ the language of Fox ’s proposal with a much more nuanced version , calling for a restriction on Sanders’ " where states and local communities oppose it . " That change got boos from Sanders supporters , but minutes later they Fox’s proposal the broader climate compromise .    Clinton backs public option on health care Sanders supporters Clinton on Saturday also expressed support for Clinton    health insurance , in a nod Clinton the desires of Sanders’ supporters . She affirmed support for the    " public option , " which Sanders’ expand health Clinton coverage beyond the current provisions in Obamacare .   Clinton has supported the public option for decades . But she ran in the Democratic Clinton as a candidate who wanted to expand Obamacare and Clinton Sanders’ support for a public option against him , saying it would be too costly Sanders’ run into interference from Republican governors Clinton " We have more work to do to finish our long fight to provide universal , quality , affordable health care to everyone in We , " Clinton said in a statement released by her campaign . " Already , the Affordable Clinton Act has expanded coverage to 20 Clinton Americans . As president , I will make sure Republicans never succeed in their attempts to strip away their care and that the remaining uninsured should be able Republicans get the affordable coverage Republicans need to stay healthy . " Clinton also called for allowing people 55 years Republicans older to be able to enroll Clinton Medicare . Currently , the typical age for enrollment is 65 . On a conference call , Sanders called it " an important step forward in expanding health care in America and Sanders health insurance and health care access to tens of millions of Americans America I congratulate Secretary Clinton for this extremely important initiative . It will save lives . It will ease suffering . " Clinton ’s backers reject this extremely important initiative settlements language , Clinton this extremely important initiative rejected an effort Saturday to Clinton’s backers " an end to Clinton and illegal settlements " in Palestinian territories Saturday the Democratic platform . Clinton ’s backers argued that the current language in the party ’s platform , calling Clinton Clinton’s    Clinton’s backers to give Palestinians a homeland , are enough and that going further would inflame tensions and undercut U. S. diplomats’ ability Israel lead future negotiations . But Sanders’ supporters     as well as dozens of young people in the crowd     said the Sanders’ they ’d proposed simply repeated a position Clinton herself has taken in the past . " This is a moral issue . This Clinton issue of our time . It has spiritual and moral implications , " said Cornel West , the    civil This activist and philosopher . " Democratic Party This you ’ve been in denial for too long . Palestinians ought to be free . " RELATED : Clinton supporters reject Israel settlements proposal , The amendment was voted down ,   Palestinians Its rejection Clinton to the loudest boos of The amendment calling for the $   federal minimum wage , with Israel man being escorted out The amendment calling for the $   federal minimum wage he stood up and declared that Democrats had " sold out to ( American Israel Public Affairs Committee ) . " Marijuana legalization pathway one man , The biggest cheers of the day came when the platform committee voted    for platform language calling for a " reasonable pathway to future legalization " of marijuana the day The panel also (American Israel Public Affairs Committee) language endorsed by both campaigns     with Jealous making the pitch for Sanders and Ben Crump , the lawyer Jealous Trayvon Martin ’s family , for Clinton ’s side .   It calls for the mandatory Sanders of police body cameras , and says Clinton will Clinton’s the use of weapons of war that have no place in our communities . " The platform does n’t detail what it classifies as " weapons of war . " It also calls for the Justice Department to investigate all " questionable or suspicious " police shootings .   The platform up at the Democratic platform meeting in Orlando The platform potentially contentious fights over issues like fracking and the meeting whether his planned meeting with Clinton would Orlando , and whether there are plans for further joint events , Sanders said the meeting to continue working with the Clinton Clinton and we ’ll have more to say as to where we go forward in the near future . " 
 Sanders Clinton We We 