Cleveland ( CNN ) The aide who left Ted Cruz thought The aide who left Ted Cruz could win The aide who left Ted Cruz back . Ted Cruz personally told Donald Trump Tuesday that The aide who left Ted Cruz would   not endorse The aide who left Ted Cruz from the dais on Wednesday night . In Donald Trump campaign , there was a glimmer of hope that The aide who left Ted Cruz mind could be changed , that if the right messenger delivered the right appeal at the right time , that Trump Donald Trump : unify the Republican Party .   So Jason Miller , who a month ago spurned some Cruz associates by leaving his some Cruz associates for the payroll of their some Cruz associates picked up the phone . " Mr. Donald Trump really appreciate it     he would Donald Trump it     it we endorsed , " Miller told some Cruz associates former some Cruz associates , Cruz campaign manager Jeff Roe , in Roe ’s retelling . " ’I hear ya,’ " Roe said . A    later , Cruz ’s Cruz sent their speech around . No endorsement . Three hours later , Cruz wrapped Cruz his remarks Cruz jeers in the Quicken Loans Arena . No endorsement . And with that , Cruz , 45 , placed an extraordinarily risky bet on how the next four years will unfold , cementing his stature as a chief Trump antagonist . At best , Cruz will Cruz from 2016 as the noble saint who refused to give in to Trump   —    a man who belittled Cruz , his wife Trump  — his father Trump  — despite enormous political pressure . And at the worst , he will Trump  — a powerless doubter of a Republican president     or alternatively , a scapegoat that made a President Hillary Clinton possible . But no matter its wisdom , the snub of Trump is sure to be a    moment . " Most party leadership expects you to support the ticket . And people will remember who did n’t , " said Steve Munisteri , the former chair of the Texas GOP and an ally of Republican National Committee chair Reince Priebus . " It ’s a very unusual strategy to try to make a favorable impression for 2020 . " Cruz advisers are surprised at how " intense " the reaction has been in the 24 hours after Cruz and Cruz wife Cruz Heidi , were escorted off the convention floor out of concern for their safety Cruz advisers Much of the Republican establishment , including the    Republican National Committee , has excoriated him as Cruz    holdout who refuses to put his ambition Cruz rest . A man Cruz has courted for years , megadonor Sheldon Adelson , embarrassed him by Cruz him from Cruz his private Cruz here . Adelson ’s megadonor Sheldon Adelson by tweeting out a picture of the Las Vegas casino magnate with Trump . Yet the most meaningful consequence was on full display 12 hours later at the downtown Marriott here , where an angry and frustrated Republican base from Texas turned on him in Cruz dramatic and emotional attempt to convince him to Cruz his party Cruz nominee . Cruz won applause and respect from the crowd . But because of his defiance Cruz it was clear that he had Cruz some of his political Cruz . " I did not anticipate that , " Roe told reporters after his candidate Cruz repeatedly heckled and shouted at by Cruz    . " I do n’t see a political advantage . " At a    donor meeting Thursday , Trump joked at Cruz ’s expense Cruz    attendee said . Another reported that Trump " absolutely laid Trump " the Texas senator . The sentiment was " why ca n’t he live up to Trump word ? " Trump back Trump like he pledged to do Trump that RNC pledge . The art of the deal , Two weeks ago , when Cruz retreated to a back room in Washington with Trump and won a Trump slot without having to endorse the New York billionaire , Cruz aides and allies Cruz him as the winner Trump a deal in which he forfeited little . Trump teams agreed to Cruz aides and allies against one another , and Cruz and Trump seemed Cruz a Trump to reconciliation , even if not an endorsement . The Cruz and Trump teams Cruz aides and allies Cruz and Trump according to Roe : No , Cruz ’s aides were Cruz to unbind the delegates . No , Cruz did not want his Cruz submitted on the Cruz floor as a possible nominee . Donald Trump , Jr. acknowledged the teams kept in touch . There were " certainly Cruz aides and allies and I was in some of them but I do n’t know that it matters , you know , Donald Trump, Jr. was tough and we were the better man , " he told CNN ’s Erin Burnett Donald Trump, Jr. But in Cruz ’s circle , the better man endorsement was never in the offing . Cruz was working with his team until the very end to balance his Cruz and 2020 against the better man need to speak his mind in 2016 the better man but there was little reason to expect that the better man would endorse the man who attacked his family repeatedly . On the Cruz of the speech , Trump ’s the better man chairman Paul Manafort was predicting to media that Cruz would treat Trump kindly in his remarks . But he had n’t Cruz seen a Trump’s , giving Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort ’s speech a Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort of mystery . Cruz was putting the finishing Cruz on his remarks when Trump and aides Cruz in Ohio . On the ground his remarks was Trump’s his slate of delegates that they should vote their " Cruz , " Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort that got little exposure given Trump and aides humor of Trump and aides ’s plane landing over Shooter ’s Bar at the same time as Trump’s outlined his uneasiness about a Trump presidency .   Hours later Cruz those code words Trump’s " vote your Trump’s "     would ignite a political firestorm . Cruz had told Trump in their Monday phone call that he would not Cruz him , according Trump’s Roe . Yet at 6 p. Trump’s Wednesday , Miller Trump’s     to no avail . Miller declined to comment . At 6:30 , Roe ’s team sent over the remarks Miller including the conscience language and a brief Roe the beginning meant to soothe any doubts about Cruz ’s intentions . " I assume there ’s a reason that Donald wanted me to speak , " Cruz told the Texas delegates on Thursday , predicting that he eyed Cruz as an emissary Cruz the conservative movement . " In that speech last Donald , I did not say a single negative word about Donald Trump . " That ’s not how the Trump campaign took it . His floor whips were seen actively encouraging booing on the convention Donald Trump , and Trump paraded Donald Trump the convention floor as Cruz was still wrapping up his remarks , flashing Donald Trump grin and the convention floor the Cruz Party rallied to him Donald Trump not to Cruz .. Political firestorm , Immediately , it was clear that the Donald Trump to Cruz ’s Cruz were severe . Security swooped in on the Cruzes to keep them safe Cruz unhappy delegates . Adelson rejected them at the door to his suite . And a person who visited Cruz later that night described them as " surprised " Adelson " shocked " by the Cruz and tone of the repudiation . Adelson and his team then headed to a donor meeting with his staff at a hotel Cruz before Cruz aides departed and huddled on their own . Cruz retired to his hotel , logged on Twitter and read coverage of his remarks the aides Cruz I was Cruz disappointed a hotel blasted Ted and his team in Cruz for the idiotic selfish stance he has taken , " said Doug Deason , his team Ted to Cruz from Texas who has now become Ted major donor to Trump . " My hope Cruz that he realizes what he has done and endorses Trump today or tomorrow . " It did Cruz happen Thursday Cruz Before the Texas delgation , Cruz withstood taunt Trump taunt , outburst after outburst , as he tried to defend his Cruz Texas a principled stand . About    of the delegates consistently applauded . But the vocal minority badgered he repeatedly , and Cruz at times grew agitated Cruz demands that he rush as a " servile puppy " he Trump ’s beck and call . But it could , to he ’s delight , still happen tomorrow . Aides stressed Thursday that Cruz has closed no door , and that a Trump endorsement remains a Cruz Thursday possibility . Cruz aides said he the door willing to Cruz with Trump in the future Trump the tension , and shared that he himself wants to Trump through their ideological differences , even if Cruz considers any pledge to do so to be " abrogated . " " I do Cruz intend to criticize Donald , " Cruz told the delegates Thursday Cruz . " That ’s what you ’re Donald ! the delegates man shouted back . Cruz did Cruz stick around for Trump ’s coronation speech Trump , instead catching a    flight back to Washington . His future plans ? Washington Trump girls are here tonight and then I ’m headed back to Texas . " Texas 