On Friday , HBO ’s " Real Time " host Bill Maher mocked claims that the meeting between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton only discussed weather and grandkids and said , " to spend 30 minutes , that ’s a long time to be talking about your grandchildren . "   Bill Maher said Hillary " had some trouble at the airport with Hillary baggage , and when I say her baggage , I mean Hillary husband . " Bill Maher continued , " Attorney General Loretta Lynch , who was at the airport in Phoenix , who was part of a national tour on   —    to promote community policing , and Bill Clinton was at the airport because that ’s near where all the strip clubs are . And Clinton saw Bill Clinton attorney general ’s plane across the tarmac , so he boarded Bill Clinton plane the attorney general’s plane across the tarmac , as one does . We all jump off our planes onto We all tarmac to the tarmac to friends on other planes , right ? I mean , so , now it ’s a big scandal , because Attorney General Lynch , of course , is the person deciding whether to indict Hillary Clinton for the ongoing email investigation . So of all the planes to pop onto , this was the wrong one for Bill stated , " Now , Bill says that the conversation with Attorney General Lynch was Attorney General Lynch It was just about grandkids , and the weather , and how neither will exist if Trump is elected . But hey , very innocent . No , Attorney General Lynch , you do Attorney General Lynch . I ’m just hear to talk about the grandkids , who will all be dead if Hillary does n’t win , but do whatever you want . And today , Attorney General Lynch said she regrets very much Attorney General Lynch with Attorney General Lynch Clinton Attorney General Lynch And Monica Lewinsky said , been there , girlfriend , at least you did n’t ruin a dress . " Later in the show , when the meeting came up , and MSNBC Chief Legal Correspondent Ari Melber said there was no " real scandal , " Maher responded , " Really ? " And " [ T]hat sounds like real MSNBC boilerplate , Ari . " Maher further pushed back against an attempt by Representative MSNBC Lee ( ) to bring Maher the Benghazi Select Committee , stating that this was an entirely separate matter . Maher also said , in response to Melber arguing that Clinton put Lynch in " Maher tight spot " by wanting to MSNBC Chief Legal Correspondent Ari Melber on her plane , " OK . How about saying , I ’m the attorney general Clinton I ’m looking into your wife . I ’m about to indict her or not . ’m off my plane .    … ’m I mean , your wife to spend 30 minutes , her plane a long time to be talking about your grandchildren . And now , by the way , he screwed Hillary because   —    he probably never did that , because now , when it comes to her desk , he she ’s like under a microscope like she never would have been Hillary . " Follow Hillary Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 Hillary 