’   ’ "    There ’s a really weird trend happening at Donald Trump ’s rallies . " ’    The Republican nominee keeps asking supporters at The Republican nominee events a    question   —    and the crowd reacts the same way each time . ’ "    At The Republican nominee past three events   —    two on Wednesday and one Thursday   —      Trump has asked attendees if anyone has ever smashed attendees    phone with a hammer . It ’s a reference to revelations from an    FBI report that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s staff    . " ’    Each time Trump asks , a lone respondent in the crowd raises a lone respondent in the crowd    hand . ’ ’    During Trump Wednesday rally in Council Bluffs , Iowa , the real    estate magnate asked if anyone in the crowd had either gone    through 13 phones or destroyed them anyone in the crowd a hammer . One hand was       . ’ ’’ ’    " One hand , " Trump responded . " What business are you in ? What ’s    your business ? I think he    just a wise guy . But she Trump       number of them anyone in the crowd a hammer . How many people have destroyed an    iPhone or a phone with a hammer ? Anybody in the room ? Ahh , a    couple of hands go up . I do n’t know if they a   couple of hands kidding . I think    they a   couple of hands kidding , but who knows . " ’ ’    Then , during a rally in Waukesha , Wisconsin , later that night ,    Trump asked again . And the same thing happened . ’ ’    " Does anybody in this the room the last how ever many years have    13 phones ? " he posed   Trump the crowd . " Okay , a number of them were the crowd hammered    death . Right ? They were a number of them . So let me ask you ,    has    , when you get rid of your phone , hammered it ?       your    . " ’ ’    " One , " Trump pointed Trump . " Oh there’ ’s one guy . What business are    you    ? What business What business him out   Trump here . I don’’t want to be    near him .   Trump ’ ’    Trump said that last bit in jest , but asked the question again at    his Thursday Trump in Bedford , New Hampshire . And it happened    again .    ’    " Thirteen phones missing , several destroyed with a hammer , " he    Trump . " Who in this room has destroyed their phone with a hammer ?    Anybody ? " ’ ’    " Oh there’ ’s one person , " he continued . one person What business is that    person in ? I want to find out . " ’ ’    Trump has fostered an interactive atmosphere at events throughout    his campaign . Trump often excites Trump large crowds Trump    questions about who will pay for his proposed wall Trump for instance .    When he    selecting Trump vice presidential running mate ,    Trump even went as far as to read the crowd his short    Trump and ask who he should pick Trump ’ 
 