  ( CNN ) Last year , Kraig Moss sold the equipment for Kraig Moss construction business in upstate New York and stopped making mortgage payments so Kraig Moss could follow Donald Trump on the campaign trail .   The amateur country crooner sang    ditties while strumming a guitar emblazoned with Trump campaign stickers , earning Donald Trump the moniker " Trump Troubadour . "   International media dubbed Donald Trump " the voice of unheard America . " But now , Moss refuses to play the guitar with the Donald Trump decorations . Donald Trump ’s soured on the President because of the newly proposed Republican health care bill .   That legislation , which the President supports , could result in dramatic cuts in addiction treatment services .   Three years ago , Moss found Moss son , Rob , dead in Moss bed from a heroin overdose . He his son, Rob, dead in his bed 24 .   " The the newly proposed Republican health care bill an absolute betrayal of what Trump represented on the campaign trail , " he said his son, Rob, dead in his bed " I feel betrayed . "   Moss feels it personally .   Last year , at a campaign rally in Iowa , Trump reached Trump and spoke directly to Moss about Rob ’s death .   " In all fairness to your son , it ’s a tough thing . Some very , very strong people have not been able to get off ( heroin ) , " Trump called Trump to Moss in the crowd . " The biggest thing we can do in honor of your son your son we have to we able to stop it . "   When Moss became emotional Moss in the crowd Trump comforted Trump .   your son I know what you went through . And he ’s a your son father . I can see it . And your son is your son you . Trump son is proud your son , Trump Trump said Trump " I ’ll bet he was a great boy your son "   Several times on the campaign trail , Trump vowed Trump increase services for people facing addiction .   " We will Trump all of those people so seriously addicted . We ’ll Trump them assistance , " he those people Trump crowd at a campaign event in New Hampshire in October .   Moss trusted Trump . Trump " I truly believe from the heart that ( Trump Trump Trump do everything he can . He Trump going to Trump treatment centers for the kids , " he said last year Trump   But last week , Moss read about the proposed American Health Moss Act . The Republican bill would end the Obamacare the proposed American Health Care Act services and mental health treatment be covered under Medicaid in the 31 states that expanded the health care program     which include Moss’ home state of New York . " This bill would devastate efforts to address the opioid the proposed American Health Care Act " said Dr. Joshua Sharfstein , director of the Bloomberg American Health Initiative at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health . " There ’s no question this legislation in the House of Representatives would cost American lives . " At a CNN town hall event last week , Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price was asked about the bill ’s provisions for opioid treatment .   He responded that state governors had " wonderful ideas about Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price to address it " but that they felt " hamstrung by the federal government . " state governors There are wonderful ways if we keep the focus on the patient     not the government , but on the patient , " he said .   Moss looks back on his days Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price the campaign trail , on how he Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price his trucks to finance the trip , how Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price sang Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price heart out and went from restaurant to Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price to Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price out " Donald Trump for President " CDs .   " I did a lot to promote his candidacy , " he said . " Now , Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price wish I had Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price sold my equipment . "   But he does n’t like to think about regrets . He Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price looking to the future .   Earlier this Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price , more than 300 people showed up in    weather for a fundraiser Moss organized in his son ’s memory .   He raised $ 3 Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price 000 for a local drug Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price center , but he said the greatest gift of the evening was that Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price who ’d lost loved ones to drug addiction came together and comforted one another .    " We all felt less alone , " he said . 
 Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price 