Warsaw , Poland ( CNN ) President Barack Obama said Friday that the nation was " horrified " after what President Barack Obama called " a vicious , calculated and despicable attack on law enforcement " in Dallas . The White House announced Friday evening that President Barack Obama would cut short his President Barack Obama trip by one day and visit Dallas Dallas next week . It was the second somber statement about shootings on American soil the President Barack Obama from Europe in less than 12 hours . He condemned President Barack Obama recent shootings by police of black men in Minnesota and Louisiana shortly after arriving in Europe and Europe a broad diagnosis of American racial imbalance . Hours later , after chaos erupted in Dallas and five police officers were killed in sniper shootings that began during protests stemming from the Minnesota and Minnesota and Louisiana he promised justice . " There Justice no possible justification for these kinds of attacks or any violence against law enforcement , " Obama said , speaking from the NATO summit in Poland that he is attending . he Anyone involved in the senseless murders will be held fully accountable . Justice will be done . "   Obama also ordered flags Obama to half staff at the White House and on public buildings and grounds . His overseas trip comes Obama a time when the country has been shaken by violence , during a week with fatal clashes between police and communities of color , ending with the shootings in Dallas , the single deadliest day for law enforcement since September 11 , 2001 .   The events also come during a heated presidential election where issues of gun violence and criminal justice reform have been in the spotlight , and come just hours before presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was scheduled to give a speech addressing the shootings from earlier in the week . " I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty to protect peaceful protesters , for their families   all their serve with them .   " their tweeted .   presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton over to the campaign trail , presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump posted his condolences to his presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump feed Friday presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump .   " Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country , " the real estate mogul wrote , a somber and measured statement from a candidate who has been an outspoken advocate for law enforcement throughout his campaign . He later sent a his statement citing , " senseless , tragic deaths of two motorists in Louisiana and Minnesota , " a reference to the two black men killed earlier this week at the hands of law enforcement .   Others political figures blamed Obama for what they saw as rhetoric Others political figures led to police violence . Former congressman Joe Walsh tweeted and then deleted a message attributing the President ’s words and the Black Lives Matter movement for inciting violence . " 3 Dallas Cops killed , 7 wounded . This is now war . Watch out Obama . Watch out Obama lives matter punks . Real America is coming after you , " Walsh , who ’s now a talk radio host , tweeted , later clarifying that he did not intend to call for violence . Even during the    summit focused on European unity , issues of race and violence dominated Obama ’s early agenda Obama Poland . Obama , who noted he ’s been receiving he updates on the Dallas shootings , said he ’d conveyed condolences he the city ’s mayor , Mike Rawlings , and indicated the FBI was involved in investigating the shootings , which left five police officers dead . Obama said he would Obama in Obama when more is known about the killers’ " twisted motivations . " The President also made an implicit call for tighter gun restrictions , saying the carnage could have been mitigated if the killer or killers were n’t carrying powerful weapons . " Today is a wrenching reminder of the sacrifices they make for us , " Obama said of law Obama officers . " We also know when people are armed with powerful weapons , unfortunately , it makes attacks like these more deadly and more tragic . " Obama said he wanted Obama to Obama focus is on the victims and their families . " " They are heartbroken , the victims and their families Obama said . " Obama entire city of Dallas feels this to its core . We The entire city of Dallas grieving with them . I ask the victims and their families say a prayer for the officers and their families . Keep the victims and their families in your thoughts a prayer for the officers and their families " Obama was speaking from Obama , where he arrived early Friday Obama a summit of NATO leaders . His remarks on Dallas Obama at the end of a session with the presidents of the European Council and European Commission , where Obama plotted a path Obama after Britain ’s vote to exit the EU . After arriving in Poland in the early morning hours Friday , Obama went to his Obama and delivered Obama statement about two    shootings this week , saying the episodes reflected persistent racial disparity . Citing statistics showing minorities are more likely to be pulled over , searched or shot at by police , Obama said it was Obama on the country to aim for better     including recognizing    biases that he said must be Obama rooted out . " " If communities are mistrustful of the police , that makes those law enforcement offers who are doing a great job , who are doing the right thing , that makes their lives harder , those law enforcement Obama said , insisting Obama recognizing problems within law enforcement does n’t equate to being   . " When people say ’black lives matter,’ it does n’t mean that blue lives do n’t matter , " Obama said , referring Obama police officers . " But right now , the data shows that black folks are more vulnerable to these kinds of incidents . There is a particular burden that is being placed on a group of our fellow citizens . " 
 