  ( CNN ) Late last week , Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions ,    Donald Trump ’s nominee for attorney general , returned the Senate Judiciary Committee ’s standard questionnaire     but certain information was notably missing from Donald Trump 33 pages of responses . This week , Sessions has been quietly adding materials to Donald Trump committee file amid concerns from top Democrats and civil rights groups that Donald Trump current submission is incomplete . Originally , under the section of the questionnaire specifically calling for all nominations and public offices held , including any " unsuccessful nominations for appointed office , " Sessions detailed Donald Trump record as a federal prosecutor and senator of Alabama , but failed to list Donald Trump failed bid for a federal judgeship in 1986 . Donald Trump supplemented Donald Trump initial response on Wednesday to include the " withdrawn " judgeship . Sessions was nominated by President Ronald Reagan to be a judge on the US District Court for the Southern District of Alabama , but the appointment was scuttled after an    former colleague testified Sessions had called an   former colleague " boy " and expressed past sympathies for the Ku Klux Klan     allegations that Sessions vigorously disputed . Sessions’ new supplemental responses have done little to satisfy the civil rights community . " Given how much information an   former colleague failed to provide in an   former colleague first questionnaire , this    supplement is frankly pathetic . this   supplement comes nowhere near to addressing all the missing and relevant information an   former colleague needs to supply to the Senate Judiciary Committee before hearings can move forward , " Marge Baker , executive vice president of People For the American Way , said in a statement . Sen. Charles Grassley , the Iowa Republican who chairs the Senate Judiciary Committee , announced last week that the Sessions hearing for the attorney Feinstein place on January    but the top Democrat on the committee , California Sen. Dianne Feinstein , continues to push back . Last week last week requested more time to review Sessions’ " voluminous record " and noted his incomplete production of certain materials Feinstein On Tuesday , Feinstein renewed her call on Grassley Feinstein allow Feinstein committee staff sufficient time to Feinstein the    pages of records Sessions has submitted     this time noting : " ( d ) espite being voluminous , Sen. Sessions’ production appears to have been put together in haste and is , on its face , incomplete . " Sen. Sessions’ production Grassley is not budging . In Grassley statement Tuesday , he noted that the Tuesday of Grassley information is already publicly available , and so the hearing will proceed as scheduled in January . 
 