If the California primary , scheduled for June 7 , were held today , Republican frontrunner Donald Trump would likely win 106 delegates   —    93 from congressional districts , plus 13 for winning statewide   —    while Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) would win 66 . [ Ohio governor John Kasich could win 6 delegates , all from districts currently allocated to Republican frontrunner Donald Trump , in which case the projection would be Trump 100 , Cruz 66 , Kasich 6 .   The new projections are slightly more favorable for Republican frontrunner Donald Trump than Breitbart News’ previous projection ( 94   —    72   —    6 ) and is based on available public polling data , demographic data and qualitative analysis . That win would likely bring Republican frontrunner Donald Trump to the 1 , 237 delegates for a majority on the first ballot at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July , but not quite over the threshold , leading to a contested convention . Analysis by the Associated Press estimates that Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump need to win even more decisively in California   —    capturing 130 delegates   —    to secure the nomination . That would require winning an additional eight congressional districts relative to what Breitbart News has currently projected . It is not impossible for Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump do so , but he Republican frontrunner Donald Trump be facing stiff competition from a      Cruz campaign . On the Democratic side , Breitbart Breitbart News that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would win 189 delegates to 128 for rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( )   —    before " superdelegates " are taken into account . With that majority , Clinton would former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton clinch the Democratic Party ’s nomination . It should be noted that Clinton ’s former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in California narrowed considerably , particularly among Latino voters , during the period when Breitbart News’ analysis was undertaken . Therefore it is possible her margin former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton victory would be somewhat lower than projected . Likewise , Trump ’s lead may be less than projected , given that Cruz enjoys a structural advantage in California , California the primary is " closed "   —    i. e. limited to registered Republicans . Because the contested delegates in the Democratic primary in California are California on a proportional basis within each congressional district , and some districts have more delegates than others , it makes more sense for Clinton and Sanders to concentrate on districts where they are Clinton and Sanders strongest . In contrast , because Republican delegates are awarded on a     basis , with three delegates in each district , candidates must venture beyond their " candidates " seats to win . The breakdown of seats in the Republican primary is currently as follows : The current Breitbart News projection is based on a particular characterization of the race . But it is The current Breitbart News projection to project different outcomes by varying those assumptions . It is possible , for example , for Cruz to win the state if he wins all of the " Safe Cruz " seats ( 18 delegates ) and " Leans Cruz " seats ( 33 delegates ) wins all or most of the " " seats ( 24 delegates ) and either prevails in the statewide vote ( 13 delegates ) or wins about half of the current " Leans Trump " seats . Cruz ’s Cruz in the state the state easier by the fact that there are so many places where he can Cruz with Trump . His best Cruz are in the Los Angeles and Inland Empire regions , where he has Cruz polling well . To win a large enough majority to secure the nomination outright , Trump will have Trump win all of the " Safe Trump , " " Leans Trump , " Trump " " seats , and win several of the " Leans Cruz " seats , while denying Kasich victories in the Bay Area . Kasich could win Kasich , and perhaps as many as four , districts . He would need Kasich focus on the more liberal the Bay Area as in beachfront districts in L. A. and Orange County , where he might hope Kasich slip past the frontrunners by presenting himself as an Kasich . Winning at least one or two districts would strengthen his case at Kasich contested convention . In the few districts where Kasich is strongest Kasich he is competing Kasich with Trump , but he is probably Kasich spoiler against Cruz more widely . Initial     analysis follows ( click for more ) : 
 