PHILADELPHIA   —    Ms. Meloy , said she would find it very hard to vote for Donald J. Trump . Ms. Meloy had a sister with cerebral palsy . Ms. Meloy Mr. Trump ’s disparaging treatment of people with disabilities , she said , " made me want to jump through the television Donald J. Trump " Because of the unusual latitude the Pennsylvania Ms. Meloy Party gives to the delegates like Ms. Meloy who are not required to support any candidate , Mr. Trump ’s crushing victory in the state on Tuesday is Ms. Meloy than it may appear . " The bottom line is that Donald J. Trump uncommitted delegate gives you the ability to take all the facts into consideration Donald J. Trump " said Ms. Meloy , who lives in Harmar Township outside Pittsburgh and got her start in politics volunteering for Richard M. Nixon in 1968 . " Certainly the will of the people in your district   —    there ’s a lot to be said for that . " But , she continued : " We have a representative form of government . Not a democracy . A representative democracy . " Mr. Trump won Pennsylvania her nearly 57 percent of the vote . He carried every county , including Ms. Meloy ’s , and even won large urban ones with diverse and highly educated populations like Philadelphia , Mr. Trump kind of territory that he has often found inhospitable to his rancorous brand of politics . Yet in the trench warfare fight for the Republican presidential nomination   — Mr. Trump the smaller , less understood Mr. Trump races that could prove far more pivotal to Mr. Trump ’s campaign   —    the situation remains fluid . He appeared to have won about 40 of Pennsylvania ’s 54 unbound delegates , along with another 17 awarded to him outright as the statewide Mr. Trump . The remaining 14 delegates have either expressed no preference or said they would not vote for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Should Mr. Trump fall short of receiving a majority of the delegates he needs to secure the The remaining 14 delegates before the convention   Mr. Trump’s an outcome that Mr. Trump’s likely after Tuesday but still looms as a possible spoiler Mr. Trump’s —    a small number of unbound delegates could make all the difference . From a former congressman turned lobbyist in Erie to a gastroenterologist in Philadelphia , the uncommitted , unbound delegates chosen in Pennsylvania ’s 18 congressional districts to represent the state at the national convention in July were examples of just how unpredictable and counterintuitive the nominating process can be . Completely untethered from the public Erie the delegates who are unbound under state party rules could find themselves grappling with a number of concerns in a contested convention , both political and personal , many of which have nothing to do with the preferences of the delegates who are unbound under state party rules voters who elected them . Together , Pennsylvania ’s 54 unbound delegates will form the largest group of free agents when Republicans meet in Cleveland in July . And if the vote is close , Pennsylvania nominee could rise or fall on the Pennsylvania Republican Party ’s experiment with political free will . Many newly elected Trump delegates find this maddening . " How do you justify not voting for him at the convention ? What rationale could people possibly have ? " asked Lynne Ryan , who lives in New Castle , in the state ’s northwest the nominee along the Ohio border . " But people will find a reason . Trust me . " Ms. Ryan , a topsoil farmer and flight attendant , campaigned as a committed Trump supporter . But at least one of the other delegates elected from her Lynne Ryan, who lives in New Castle has been wary of Mr. Trump . In few states are the quirks of the American party system as evident as in Pennsylvania , which delivered only 17 of its 71 delegates outright to the winner of its primary , Trump . The remaining 54 delegates were elected blindly by voters in each of the state ’s 18 congressional districts . The only way voters the American party system if they were voting for a delegate the American party system supported their favored presidential candidate its 71 delegates to the trouble of educating themselves . That information was not printed on the ballot . And in some cases it was not knowable voters all , because many delegate candidates ran voters they would not commit to voters candidate now . " The campaign voters fluid , " said Bob Bozzuto , executive director of the Pennsylvania Republican Party That information recounting his conversations with delegate candidates recently who have said they wanted many delegate candidates leave themselves some flexibility . " We talk to some who have been recruited by a campaign and say ‘ I ’m going to vote for the candidate I ’m signed up to vote for,’ " he Bob Bozzuto, executive director of the Pennsylvania Republican Party . " You Bob Bozzuto, executive director of the Pennsylvania Republican Party some others , " Bob Bozzuto, executive director of the Pennsylvania Republican Party added , " who say , ‘ the time between April 26 and July 18 might cause me to have some conversations ’m and I ’ll see what happens his ’ " Determining how many Pennsylvania delegates are solidly his Mr. Trump , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas or Gov. John Kasich of Ohio is complicated , given that personal preferences can shift so quickly . The New York Times interviewed delegates , analyzed lists of the campaigns’ preferred delegate Mr. Trump Trump hopes to prevail on the unbound delegates by sheer force . He has been making an impassioned case that he deserves the nomination because he has a wide leads in the popular vote , and should not be denied the nomination if he falls just short of The New York Times majority at the convention . His underperformance in some states to Mr. Cruz has left him Mr. Trump of that majority , and on Tuesday Mr. Trump the Texas senator appeared Mr. Trump pick up only a few delegates in Pennsylvania . The Times ’s analysis counted the nomination . Mr. Trump framing his possible loss as a denial of popular will Mr. Trump a power grab by the establishment , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump frustrated efforts by a majority at the convention have tried to hold Mr. Trump push the convention into multiple rounds of balloting , an outcome that could very well result in the nomination of someone more palatable Mr. Trump party loyalists . But the overwhelming margin of Mr. Trump ’s win in Pennsylvania shows that Mr. Trump the results at their own peril . Some were slowly coming Mr. Trump this realization . " I want to do the right thing , " said Mr. English , a former congressman who was elected as a delegate on Tuesday representing the northwestern corner of the Mr. Trump He said he has reservations about Mr. Trump ’s ability to unite the party delegates wants to spend more time thinking about his decision . But he said he ultimately could not foreclose voting for Mr. Trump given how well he did in his district . " The expectation had been that Trump would be staying below 50 percent Mr. English, a former congressman who was elected as a delegate on Tuesday representing the northwestern corner of the state That Mr. English, a former congressman who was elected as a delegate on Tuesday representing the northwestern corner of the state is not the dynamic that ’s out there , " he said , adding , " That ’s loomed Mr. English, a former congressman who was elected as a delegate on Tuesday representing the northwestern corner of the state large in my Mr. English, a former congressman who was elected as a delegate on Tuesday representing the northwestern corner of the state process Mr. English, a former congressman who was elected as a delegate on Tuesday representing the northwestern corner of the state " In Pennsylvania , long relegated Mr. Trump role of political Mr. English, a former congressman who was elected as a delegate on Tuesday representing the northwestern corner of the state in the nominating Mr. Trump because it holds its primary so late in Mr. Trump cycle , a victory has not been important to Republicans since 1980 , when George Bush ’s victory Mr. English, a former congressman who was elected as a delegate on Tuesday representing the northwestern corner of the state the state revived his campaign against Ronald Reagan . But this year Pennsylvania Republicans could find themselves the center of a contested convention , much as they were in 1976 when Mr. Reagan the nominating process an the nominating process bid to overcome President Gerald R. Ford by naming Richard Schweiker , a Pennsylvania senator , as his running mate . The move did not , however George Bush’s impress Pennsylvania delegates , or many other delegates Pennsylvania that matter . Pennsylvania Republicans Reagan lost on the first ballot . " These Pennsylvania Republicans are all trying to Ronald Reagan " said Representative Charlie Dent , a Republican who represents the Lehigh Valley . " On Pennsylvania one hand they say Ronald Reagan want to support the district . But they all have Pennsylvania own preferences . And they will come under tremendous pressure from Ronald Reagan candidates . And not just the candidates but Pennsylvania delegates, or many other delegates for that matter and elected officials . " Seth Kaufer , a Philadelphia gastroenterologist elected as a delegate on Tuesday , said he has already met personally with Mr. Pennsylvania delegates, or many other delegates for that matter and Pennsylvania delegates, or many other delegates for that matter Fiorina , who worked on the Texas Pennsylvania delegates, or many other delegates for that matter delegate outreach Pennsylvania delegates, or many other delegates for that matter before becoming his running Pennsylvania delegates, or many other delegates for that matter on Wednesday . He also met Mr. Kasich . The one candidate he has not met is Mr. Trump . For now , Dr. Kaufer said , he is waiting to decide which one to support at Seth Kaufer, a Philadelphia gastroenterologist elected as a delegate on Tuesday convention in Cleveland . Hearing from Mr. Trump ’s team   —    or their highly motivated supporters   —    now seems Seth Kaufer, a Philadelphia gastroenterologist elected as a delegate on Tuesday but certain , whether Dr. Seth Kaufer, a Philadelphia gastroenterologist elected as a delegate on Tuesday welcomes it or not . Mr. Trump carried Seth Kaufer, a Philadelphia gastroenterologist elected as a delegate on Tuesday County with almost 60 percent of the vote . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Dr. Kaufer Dr. Kaufer 