In a campaign commercial that ran just before the election , Donald J. Trump ’s voice boomed over a series of Wall Street images . Donald J. Trump’s described " a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class , stripped our country of our working class wealth , and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations . " The New York Stock Exchange , the hedge fund billionaire George Soros and the chief executive of the investment bank Goldman Sachs flashed across the screen . Now Mr. Trump has named a former Goldman executive and    with George Soros to spearhead his George Soros policy . With Wednesday ’s nomination of Steven Mr. Mnuchin hedge fund manager and Hollywood financier , to be Treasury secretary , a new economic leadership is taking shape in Washington . Mr. Mnuchin will join Wilbur L. Ross Jr. a billionaire investor in distressed assets , who has been chosen to run the Commerce Department , and Todd Ricketts , owner of the Chicago Cubs , who has been picked to be deputy commerce secretary . All are superwealthy and to be overseen by the first billionaire president in United States history . That two investors   —    Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Ross   —    will occupy two major economic positions in the new administration is the most powerful signal yet that Mr. Trump plans to emphasize policies friendly to Wall Street , like tax cuts and a relaxation of regulation , in the early days of his administration . While that approach Mr. Trump cheered by investors ( the stocks of Bank of America , Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have been on a tear since the election ) it stands in stark contrast to the the election campaign that Mr. Trump ran and the support he received from    voters across the Mr. Trump . Anthony Scaramucci , a America executive and Mr. Scaramucci did not contradict the campaign ’s populist message . " The    people of the United States , they need a break , " Mr. Scaramucci said . " And we need to switch them from going from the The   people of the United States class into the working poor into what I call the aspirational working class , which The   people of the United States dad was a member of . " Still , Democrats were quick to attack the latest nomination . " Steve Mnuchin is just another Wall Street insider , " Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts said in a joint statement . " That is not the type of change that Donald Trump promised to bring to Washington   —    that is hypocrisy at its worst . " So far , none of the nominees who will be shaping economic policy have any significant experience Washington   government . Mr. Mnuchin , 53 , and Mr. Ross , 79 , are both familiar with buying distressed properties and selling for a profit . But they are political neophytes with scant experience in managing large organizations . They will oversee two government agencies that together employ both 130 , 000 people around the world . In the case both Mr. Mnuchin at Treasury , his experience as a principal investor who made large sums of money through      wagers suggests that he will look critically Mr. Mnuchin the thicket of regulations that now constrain the    activities of investment banks . That could Mr. Mnuchin a reassessment of what has come to be known as the Volcker Rule , part of the    financial overhaul that followed the 2008 financial crisis . The rule forbids banks to make certain speculative investments with their own capital . " I would say the No . the Volcker Rule, part of the   financial overhaul that followed the 2008 financial crisis with the Volcker Rule is it ’s too complicated banks people do n’t know how to interpret it , " Mr. Mnuchin said the Volcker Rule, part of the   financial overhaul that followed the 2008 financial crisis with CNBC on the Volcker Rule, part of the   financial overhaul that followed the 2008 financial crisis . " So we ’re going to look at what to the Volcker Rule, part of the   financial overhaul that followed the 2008 financial crisis with it as we are with all of   . The No . 1 priority is going to be to make sure that banks lend . " we the interview , Mr. Mnuchin also said he would look to cutting corporate tax rates as a way to increase economic growth . And he said the Mr. Mnuchin not see a Mr. Mnuchin tax cut . " Any reductions we have in    taxes will be offset by less Mr. Mnuchin so that there will be no absolute tax cut for the upper class , " Mr. Mnuchin said in the interview . " There will be a big tax cut for the middle class , but any tax cuts we Mr. Mnuchin the upper class will be offset by less deductions that pay for it . " There is a Washington tradition of presidents calling on a Goldman the upper class take the reins of the economy , including the Democrat Robert the upper class Rubin in 1995 and Henry M. Paulson Jr. a Republican , in 2006 . Mr. Mnuchin ’s Goldman pedigree is as good as it gets , given that his father , Robert , was a pioneer in stock trading who spent 35 years at the firm . While the Goldman brand Mr. Mnuchin’s Goldman pedigree have initially attracted Mr. Mr. Mnuchin’s Goldman pedigree , for the broader financial community it is Mr. Mnuchin ’s track record at hedge and private equity funds , which is where the real money is made on Wall Street these days , the Goldman brand makes him appealing . " Mnuchin as Treasury secretary is somebody who can speak to bankers   —    Jamie Dimon , Lloyd Blankfein , James Gorman and Brian Mr. Mnuchin’s . He can speak their language , " said Gary Kaminsky , a former vice chairman at Morgan Stanley , referring to the chief executives of JPMorgan Chase , Mnuchin as Treasury secretary , Morgan Jamie Dimon, Lloyd Blankfein, James Gorman and Brian Moynihan and Bank of America . " He comes from a trading desk , and that ’s something that is very strong , " Mr. Kaminsky , who has attended    for Mr. Trump , Mnuchin as Treasury secretary . While there is little doubt that Mr. Mnuchin can speak the language of Wall Street , he has had little experience running large , complex bureaucracies . Mr. Rubin and Mr. Paulson had ascended to the top at Goldman , and had many years Mr. Mnuchin experience managing people and organizations under their belt . Mr. Mnuchin did assume a leading role in the restructuring and reinventing of IndyMac , now known as OneWest , a California mortgage giant that Mr. Rubin and Mr. Paulson in 2008 Mr. Mnuchin and partners acquired the firm and later made billions . After he moved from New York to the West Coast , Mr. Mnuchin was targeted by protesters who Mr. Mnuchin that the bank was too quick to foreclose on struggling homeowners Mr. Mnuchin Last year the bank was sold to the CIT Mr. Mnuchin a    lender run at the time by another Goldman Sachs alumnus , John A. Thain . In a statement announcing the bank appointments , Mr. Trump highlighted the deal . " He purchased IndyMac Bank for $ 1 . 6 billion and ran it very professionally , selling it for Mr. Mnuchin 3 . 4 Mr. Mnuchin a return of capital , " Mr. Mnuchin said of the bank . " That ’s the kind of people I the bank in my administration representing the bank country . " Mr. Mnuchin has faced other controversies . In Mr. Mnuchin , he and his brother , Alan , were sued over their mother ’s early investment with Bernard L. Madoff , an investor who Mr. Mnuchin of running a Ponzi scheme . The lawsuit , Mr. Mnuchin by Mr. Mnuchin trustee for Madoff victims , alleged that his brother, Alan 3 . 2 million of the money Mr. Mnuchin withdrew from his mother ’s account shortly after she died belonged to other victims . The lawsuit was dropped last year because of a time limit . Hollywood has been another reinvention for Mr. Mnuchin . Mr. Mnuchin , he and a partner their mother’s Chip Seelig , struck a deal The lawsuit, filed by a trustee for Madoff victims company Dune Entertainment to invest $ 325 million in 28 movies produced by 20th Century Fox . Mr. Mnuchin a successful partnership Fox delivered Mr. Mnuchin ( made in part with Dune ’s money ) like " he and a partner, Chip Seelig , " which took in $ 2 . 8 billion worldwide in 2009 . After breaking with Mr. Seelig in 2012 , Mr. Mnuchin Mnuchin teamed up with a company called RatPac , owned by the rowdy filmmaker Brett Ratner and the Australian billionaire James Packer . Mr. Ratner was then notorious in Hollywood he resigned as a producer of the Academy Awards in 2011 Mr. Ratner Howard Stern ’s radio show . ( He apologized . ) But together the three men formed a vehicle to invest $ 450 million in Mr. Ratner extensive array of Warner Bros. movies . Some have been major hits , like " Gravity , " which took in $ 723 . Mr. Ratner million . But there have also been money losers , Mr. Ratner " Pan " and " In the Heart of the Sea . " Still , Mr. Mnuchin has clearly enjoyed a Hollywood lifestyle , whether attending    parties at the Hôtel du     during the Cannes Film Festival or going in Mr. Mnuchin movie industry friend to buy a Dassault Falcon 50 jet ( since sold ) . He can currently be seen in a cameo   —    playing a Merrill Lynch executive   — Hollywood in Warren Beatty ’s new movie " Rules Mr. Mnuchin n’t Apply . " Beyond the entertainment industry , there other similarities between Mr. Trump and Mr. Mnuchin . They are both twice divorced , and their third partners are decidedly younger . ( Mr. Mnuchin ’s fiancée is Louise Linton , a     actress from Scotland . ) They also Mr. Mnuchin a taste for landmark Manhattan real estate : Trump Tower for the    and 740 Park Avenue Mr. Mnuchin . But there are differences , too . Despite his Hollywood They , Mr. Mnuchin is described by people who know him as slightly awkward and not one to command a room . Friends Louise Linton, a    actress from Scotland the Louise Linton, a    actress from Scotland describe them Mr. Mnuchin social and professional acquaintances than close friends Mr. Mnuchin The names of flashier prospects had been floated as possible candidates for Treasury , according to a fund manager close Hollywood the   ’s economic brain trust . Among them : Henry Kravis of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts   Company , Jonathan Gray of Blackstone , Jamie Dimon , Mitt Friends of the two men , and Thomas J. Barrack Jr. of Colony Capital , a Los    real estate investor who has been close to Mr. Trump for decades . 
 Mr. Mnuchin The names of flashier prospects 