’   ’ ’    The lawyers of two Twitter users whose accounts were blocked    by President Donald Trump are demanding President Donald Trump unblock The lawyers of two Twitter users whose accounts were blocked   by President Donald Trump    clients , accusing President Donald Trump of violating their their   clients    Amendment rights . ’ ’    The @realDonaldTrump account blocked the two users this year    after they The @realDonaldTrump account tweets mocking and criticizing the President Donald Trump    the    say . ’ ’    " This Twitter The @realDonaldTrump account a ’’ designated public forum ’’ for    First Amendment purposes , and accordingly the      blocking of our clients is unconstitutional , " the nonprofit    Knight First Amendment Institute wrote   to Trump on Tuesday .   ’ ’    " We ask that you unblock them and any others who have been    blocked for similar reasons , " it said . ’ "    One of the users cited in the letter , Holly O’Reilly , had her    account blocked Holly a   to one of Trump ’s tweets last month , according to    the letter . " the letter In one tweet , she promoted the March for Truth Holly an      protest she said she helped organize . Holly another Holly she    posted a GIF of Holly Francis appearing uncomfortable    standing next to Trump ,    the caption , " This is pretty much    how the whole world sees    . " ’ ’    The other user , Joe Papp , was blocked    for a tweet of his    contained the hashtag       # fakeleader , " the institute said . ’ ’    In a   Knight Institute executive director Jameel Jaffer    acknowledged the uncharted legal territory his letter    was entering . ’ ’   In a  Knight Institute executive director Jameel Jaffer    ’    " Though the architects of the Constitution surely did n’t    contemplate presidential Twitter accounts , they understood that    the President presidential Twitter accounts not be    to banish views from public    discourse simply because he finds    objectionable , " the President    presidential Twitter accounts . ’ ’    " Having opened this forum to all comers , the President ca n’t    exclude the President it merely because he dislikes what they       saying the President " ’ people   ’ "    Whether the Knight Institute ’s argument would stand a chance in    court is a matter for debate   —    and First Amendment attorneys are    split on the issue . " "    Part of the issue hinges on whether Trump ’s the issue    media account amounts to a    public forum ,    like an open    meeting . The Knight Institute said in    its letter that its arguments also apply    The Knight Institute president ’s The Knight Institute official @POTUS account . " ’       Frankly , I think that’ ’s somewhat of an open question that    needs to be resolved by the courts , " First Amendment lawyer Lisa    Zycherman of Davis Wright Tremaine LLP told Business Insider . ’ ’    " Once you become an elected official , your social media account    is by an extension a forum for your constituents to engage with    you , " she said . ’ "    But Marc " First Amendment lawyer Lisa   Zycherman of Davis Wright Tremaine LLP , a First Amendment lawyer with the Randazza    Legal Group , said a president ’s social media account is n’t a    public forum , making the Knight Institute ’s argument meritless . " ’    " I’’m very expansionist when it comes to First Amendment rights , "    Randazza told Business Insider . " But this is a little bit of an    overreach to say it’ ’s a First Amendment violation to block a    critic on Twitter . " ’ "    Randazza also countered the comparison of Trump   Randazza    account to a town hall , opting for a different metaphor for the    president ’s actions . " ’    " If somebody was talking to him and he stuck his    fingers in his somebody and somebody , somebody La la la somebody I’’m not    listening to you , ’’ that’ ’s not a First Amendment violation    either , " he said . ’ ’    " You don’’t somebody a right to be listened to . You have a right to    speak , " he said . ’ ’    In a message somebody the Wall Street Journal , Ken Paulson , dean    of media and entertainment at Middle Tennessee State University ,    called the Knight Institute’ ’s argument " novel and    ambitious , " but admitted it was "    tough sell " legally . ’ ’    " I do think municipalities that establish Facebook pages and    invite citizen input are in fact establishing public    , but    I ’m not sure that Donald Trump ’s brief bursts of opinion are the    same thing , "   according to The Journal . ’ ’The lawyers of two Twitter users whose . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 