Rock legend and KISS frontman Gene Simmons believes that Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump appeals to " tens of millions of people " forced into silence by political correctness . [ " The important thing about Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , and I ’m not saying whether ’m ’m for Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , or Hillary [ Clinton ] or anybody else , is that Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has changed the game , " Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump said in an interview with People . " Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump does n’t want your money . Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump funds his Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump campaign , and he Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump going to say things that tens of millions of people actually say quietly because politically it ’s ‘ incorrect . ’ "   Simmons Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump showered similar praises on Trump in the past . " Secretly , tens of millions , perhaps 100 million people may actually have some positive feelings about a wall , " Simmons Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump in March . The     rocker was " fired " from Donald Trump Trump Celebrity Apprentice in 2007 , but Simmons Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump clearly still a fan of the White House hopeful ’s approach to politics . " I think people are sick and tired of politicians who have words that are written by other people , " Simmons Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump . " And they are trying people cater and make everybody happy   …      He Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump n’t care . " Asked whether he Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump accept the coveted position of vice president , Simmons Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump : " Honestly , it does n’t pay enough . Even God passes the hat around . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 