Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s controversial " Second Amendment people " comment may have left Donald Trump gobsmacked , but Darrell Vickers said Wednesday Darrell Vickers ’ll still be voting Republican in November . Darrell Vickers bearded jaw dropped as Donald Trump made the comments about gun rights supporters and the image , captured by TV cameras , quickly spread across the internet , cited as evidence that people in the room understood Donald Trump to be suggesting " second amendment people " could take care of Hillary Clinton . " Hillary Clinton wants to abolish     essentially abolish the Second Amendment . By the way , if Hillary Clinton gets to pick , if Hillary Clinton gets to pick Hillary Clinton judges , nothing you can do , folks . Although the Second Amendment people , maybe there is , I do n’t know , " Donald Trump had said . Donald Trump said Tuesday evening that Donald Trump was simply trying to unify gun owners against Hillary Clinton in the voting booth . Vickers said Wednesday on CNN Vickers would have liked to take the Republican Party ’s presidential nominee " to the shed " for Vickers remarks about the right to bear arms , which many political observers construed as a threat of violence against Hillary Clinton .   Vickers said Vickers thought Trump was making a joke . " Well , I was thinking exactly what I said to my neighbor , Connie , and that was : ’I ca n’t believe Vickers said it , the media will have a field day with this one,’ " Vickers told CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin on " Newsroom . " " I was absolutely taken aghast . "   Secret Service spoke to Trump campaign about 2nd Amendment comment , Yet the Oak Island resident defended Trump comment on Wednesday , saying the real estate mogul had " a very unique personality " and often made jokes " off the cuff . " " We ( people in the South ) may do things in private , we may go to the shed and drink some moonshine or something like that Vickers but we we have taken Mr. Trump the shed the shed ’don’t say things like that because people will misconstrue it,’ " Vickers said . " But it was clear to my mind and the people around me that he was Trump to make a joke . " Many people are saying     that Trump drives Trump and gossip , While Vickers had been Vickers about Trump before Trump rally , he said Trump now Trump the Republican nominee . " I wanted to see the man ’s character , " he said Trump " Yes , I will , I absolutely will ( vote for him ) because the man’s believe he has the the man’s of integrity that we need in this country and he ’s honest the man’s I am convinced he has the the man’s fiber to lead this country . this country 