Updated , 10:34 a. m. Good morning on this temperate Tuesday . Apparently , we could all up we recycling game . First , less than half of what we could recycle ends up in our city ’s recycling programs , according to a report published last month by the city ’s Independent Budget Office . Second , much of what we do try to recycle gets thrown into the wrong bins . " This makes recycling more expensive , and This makes what ’s actually recyclable less valuable , " said Daniel Huber , an environmental analyst with the city’s Independent Budget Office . For those New Yorkers who have successfully avoided taking the trash to the curb , a quick primer . The Sanitation Department has three main streams for the city’s ’s unwanted stuff   —    one for garbage destined for a landfill , one to recycle paper , and one to recycle metal , glass and plastic . According to the July report , which used Sanitation Department data The Sanitation Department , only about a quarter of aluminum cans   —    one of the most valuable recyclable metals   —    makes it into the right only about a quarter of aluminum cans  —   one of the most valuable recyclable metals  —    . And only around 5 percent of our plastic cups , plates and utensils goes to the right place . We do the best our recycling glass , but as it turns out , the best job recycling glass ’s one of the least valuable types of commodities , Mr. Huber said   —    far less useful than recycled metal and paper . So what can we do to make our less painful for us and more efficient our those processing it ? " Being more diligent about making sure stuff does n’t end up in the wrong recycling stream is the key one , " Mr. Huber told us Mr. Huber twice our where your child ’s dirty diapers and juice boxes are thrown . Before the     season , recycle last year ’s notebooks . ( And even electronics . ) Do n’t scavenge . And take the time to understand what newer recycling categories are being accepted around the city , Mr. Huber added . You Mr. Huber more about what programs the city is working on in the city here . Here ’s what else is happening : Could be better , could be worse . Skies will stay mostly cloudy today , with a small chance of showers before lunchtime and a high near 80 . And if the gray has gotten you glum , do n’t fret : We ’re about to hit a sunny streak , which will last through the weekend . • A Turkish gold trader , charged with conspiracy to violate the U. S. sanctions on Iran , has hired a dream team of defense lawyers . [ New York Times ] • A Long Island company has been charged in an insurance scheme after Hurricane Sandy . [ New York Times ] • What could New York Times city ’s 2017 mayoral race ? [ New York Times ] • Christine [New York Times] • York City New York Times and Corey Lewandowski , Donald J. Trump ’s former campaign manager , quarrel on live national television . [ New York Times ] • Thanks to Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo [New York Times] • n’t be playing Pokémon New York Times NBC ] • New Yorkers are warned about traveling to Miami after the recent surge in Zika there . [ DNAInfo ] • In an effort akin to Occupy Wall Street , hundreds of Occupy City Hall Park protesters called to abolish the New York Police Department . [ DNAInfo ] • The drug epidemic on Staten Island is causing more babies there to be born in withdrawal , a condition [DNAInfo] syndrome . [ Staten Island Advance ] • This artificial intelligence bot can help you fight your parking tickets . [ Crain ’s ] • Here ’s a     guide showing how gentrification has rapidly changed Williamsburg . [ Curbed ] • Citi Bike unveiled a major expansion on • . [ Streetsblog N. Y. C. ] • Applications for N. Y. U. will no longer include a checkbox to disclose a student ’s criminal history . [ DNAInfo ] • Animal rights activists protested crustacean torture at a large lobster boil event in Brooklyn . [ Gothamist ] • Today ’s Metropolitan Diary : " De Palma and De Niro in Our Apartment " • Scoreboard : Yankees maul Mets ,    ( in 10 innings ) . • For a global look at what ’s happening , see Your Tuesday Briefing . • " Faces of Cuba , " a photography exhibit , is at Poe Park Visitor Center in the Bronx . 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. [ Free ] • A swing dancing class ( and happy hour ) at Q. E. D. in Astoria , Queens . Drinks at 6:30 p. m. Dancing at 7 p. m. [ $ 15 ] • " Grand Illusion : Celestial Motions , " a talk on constellations and more , at the American Museum of Natural History on the • West Side . 7 p. m. [ $ 15 ] • The East Coast Chamber Orchestra plays an outdoor classical music concert at Naumburg Bandshell in Central Park . 7:30 p. m. [ Free ] • Looking ahead : " Brooklyn Pizza : The Search for Authenticity , " a talk with a pizza historian and top pizza chefs , at the Brooklyn Historical Society . Thursday at 7 p. m. [ $ 12 ] • Mets host Yankees , 7:10 p. m. ( YES ) . • For more events , see The New York Times ’s Arts   • guide . • Subway   and PATH   • Railroads : L. I. R. R.    N. J. Transit , Amtrak • Roads : Check traffic map • radio report on the 1s or the 8s . •    parking : in effect until Aug. 15 . • Ferries : Staten Island Ferry , New York Waterway , East River Ferry • Airports : La Guardia , J. F. K. Newark Smoke • Explosions . Gunfire . In Central Park . But worry not , it ’s just special effects for " Troilus and Cressida . " The show is part of Shakespeare in the Park , a longstanding summer tradition created by the Public Theater , which was formed about 60 years ago . Familiar faces have graced Central Park . To name a few : Meryl Streep in " The Taming of the Shrew , " Liev Schreiber in " Macbeth , " Anne Hathaway in " Twelfth Night , " and Al Pacino in " The Merchant of Venice . " " Troilus and Cressida " runs through Aug. 14 at the Delacorte Theater in Central Park . [ Free , tickets here ] This feisty tale of ancient Greek love and war might even remind you of modern dating in New York . Enjoy ! New York Today is a weekday roundup that stays live from 6 a. m. till late morning . You can receive it via email . For New York the day , like us on Facebook . What would you like to see here to start your day ? New York Today a comment , email us at nytoday@nytimes . com , or reach us via Twitter using # NYToday .   Follow the New York Today columnists , Alexandra Levine and Jonathan us , on Twitter . You can find us latest New York Today at nytoday . com . 
 Twitter 