GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is going after Sen. Ted Cruz , calling the Texan " an absolute disgusting liar " during GOP frontrunner Donald Trump town hall in Mount Pleasant , South Carolina on Monday afternoon . [ " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s taken so much money from so many different people , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump alleged of Sen. Ted Cruz , saying GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s " totally controlled " by special interests and lobbyists . " Bush , the same thing , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said , referencing former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and then Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) " Rubio , the same thing . "   " former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and then Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) "Rubio, the same thing will be totally controlled , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump declared . " Sen. Ted Cruz is the most dishonest guy I think I ’ve ever met in politics , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said , responding to recent attacks by Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is    while GOP frontrunner Donald Trump vows GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is   . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump also said Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz attacked GOP frontrunner Donald Trump on health care , but that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has vowed to repeal and replace Obamacare . " The Second Amendment is my whole thing , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump added , saying Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump did n’t support the The Second Amendment GOP frontrunner Donald Trump also stated that Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz an " unstable person " and " nuts . " " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s a really bad liar . It ’s something I hope you ’re going to watch out for , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump warned voters . " They lie , voters , lie then they apologize , voters GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said of politicians , adding that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump wants to get GOP frontrunner Donald Trump response out to the inaccurate attacks . " If Iowa had any guts   —    the people from the Republican party , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump challenged , " They should disqualify Iowa had any guts  —   the people from the Republican party " from winning the Iowa caucus over Iowa controversy with Dr. Ben Carson . " We have to give the power back to Christianity , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said when talking about religious freedom . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said GOP frontrunner Donald Trump wants to remove the threat that churches would lose tax exempt status if religious leaders spoke out on political issues , saying GOP frontrunner Donald Trump could " do that easily . " " I think it ’s very that , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump declared . UPDATE : In a news release , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump warns about Ted Cruz : " One of the ways I can fight back is to bring a lawsuit against him relative to Ted Cruz fact that he was born Ted Cruz Canada and therefore can not be President . If he does n’t Ted Cruz down his false ads Ted Cruz retract his lies , Ted Cruz will do so immediately . " 
 