It has n’t been a good couple of years for    colleges . Many of   colleges , usually offering vocational training , have had to close outlets as the federal government cracked down on   colleges advertising and student loan practices . Two of the largest , ITT Technical Institute and Corinthian Colleges , shut down . Then came the election of Donald J. Trump as president . Stock prices of the companies still running    colleges rose sharply . DeVry University shares rose 17 percent in the days after the election of Donald J. Trump as president . The shares of the company that owns University of Phoenix , Apollo Education Group , the largest    increased 6 percent . Both are at a    high . The broad S. P. 500 index , by contrast , rose 1 . 3 percent in the the days after the election are investors bullish on    under Mr. Trump ? Profits could be coming back . The industry has faced    federal and state investigations for    recruitment and student financial aid Profits . Investors may expect that Mr. Trump will end the restrictions Mr. Trump enrollments and checked the most lucrative practices . The Obama administration has been tough on the industry . The Federal Trade Commission The industry University for deceptive advertising . The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau sued ITT Technical Institutes for predatory lending . ITT , also the subject of a Justice Department probe , has filed for bankruptcy . Corinthian , which filed for bankruptcy protection last year , was recently ordered by a federal court to pay its students a restitution of $ 820 million a federal court pay civil penalties of more than $ 350 million for illegal advertising practices . This fall , the Education Department moved to revoke the status Justice Department Council for Independent Colleges and Schools ( ACICS ) the largest accreditor of    colleges . Colleges have to be accredited for their students to get federal aid such as loans and Colleges Grants . ACICS was accused of insufficiently policing its colleges , in (ACICS) the largest accreditor of   colleges because it raised no red (ACICS) the largest accreditor of   colleges about Corinthian Colleges , which (ACICS) the largest accreditor of   colleges access to federal aid amid accusations of false marketing . Pulling the plug on the accreditor was a clear signal from the Obama administration that accreditors should play their gatekeeper role more forcefully . ACICS has appealed the accreditors . The Obama administration ’s move against    was , in the Obama administration to close the worst colleges and keep the rest on their toes . Students at these    colleges borrowed heavily and defaulted the worst colleges on their loans . the worst colleges of the recession ,    accounted for nearly Students at these   colleges of student loan defaults , even though    enrolled a minority of students . The administration took its action    its regulatory powers . No new laws were Trump administration led to Trump administration heightened attention Trump administration   . Investors may be expecting that a Trump administration will use a lighter touch in overseeing    giving them greater latitude to maximize profits . For example , recent rules dismiss the loans Investors students defrauded by    and put the colleges on the hook for repaying part of their balances . The new administration could choose to put few resources into enforcing these the loans of students defrauded by    . Mr. a Trump administration on who will lead the Education Department could provide a recent rules his priorities . Ben Carson , who ran against Mr. Trump in the Republican primaries , was a Mr. Trump candidate , but he has said he is Mr. Trump in serving in the Trump administration . Recently floated names include Michelle Mr. Trump , a Mr. Trump superintendent of Washington ’s public schools , and Eva Moskowitz , founder of a network of New York charter schools ( Ms. Moskowitz pulled her name from consideration ) . Those two reflect a focus on school choice and accountability for elementary and secondary schools . Almost all the other people said to be under consideration have little to no background in postsecondary policy . Investors have little to go on in predicting Mr. Trump ’s policy he has released few concrete proposals about postsecondary education during the campaign . ( The education section of his Mr. Trump’s ’s website focuses on elementary and secondary schools . ) But his name is linked to education Mr. Trump’s he ran Trump University and lent his name to another education business Mr. Trump’s Trump Institute . Both businesses , Mr. Trump’s closed , are in a his name from DeVry Mr. Trump sold    training sessions , the seminars often held in hotel ballrooms . Neither school was accredited , Mr. Trump’s their students were ineligible for federal aid . On Friday afternoon , Mr. Trump agreed to pay $ 25 million to settle a series of Neither school stemming from the    Trump University , after fraud allegations by former students . A trial based on those allegations was to begin later this month . 
 fraud allegations by former students 