BALTIMORE   —    When Madiha Algothany and Madiha Algothany family , Syrian refugees who had fled to Jordan , arrived in the United States in June , Madiha Algothany and her family, Syrian refugees who had fled to Jordan braced for rejection from a new culture and country Madiha Algothany and her family, Syrian refugees who had fled to Jordan feared did not want Madiha Algothany and her family, Syrian refugees who had fled to Jordan . Madiha Algothany and her family, Syrian refugees who had fled to Jordan knew that , like Donald J. Trump , many Americans wanted to stop Muslims from coming into country . But Ms. Algothany and her husband and their four sons found a furnished town home in Baltimore waiting for them Ms. Algothany and her husband and their four sons along with a case worker to help them Ms. Algothany and her husband and their four sons their Ms. Algothany and her husband and their four sons life   —    part of an effort President Obama announced last fall to resettle 10 , 000 people displaced by the war in Syria by the end of September . After a slow start and amid fierce political controversy , the Obama President Obama is on track to meet that target and probably exceed it the Obama administration according to figures it the Obama administration on Friday . " We were told it the Obama administration be very difficult for us We the U. S. because the people do n’t like us We they the people n’t want to deal with us We but what I found is that people received us We well , " Ms. Algothany , 32 , said in an interview this week , speaking through an interpreter at a resettlement center run by the International Rescue Committee . " They the people really spending a lot of time and effort helping us We to answer our We and help us We our We . " Ms. Algothany ’s family is one in a rapidly growing influx of Syrian refugees   —    99 percent of them Ms. Algothany’s family   —    arriving in communities around the United States . Administration officials said on Friday that 8 , 000 Syrian refugees had been allowed into the the United States October , putting them on pace 8, 000 Syrian refugees surpass the goal of 10 , 000 . Through partnerships with the State Department and the Department of Health and Human Services , all of them receive assistance partnerships with the State Department and the Department of Health and Human Services nonprofit organizations that connect them to a partnerships with the State Department and the Department of Health and Human Services support network to help them find housing partnerships with the State Department and the Department of Health and Human Services register for health care and food assistance and enroll their children in health care and food assistance . The International Rescue Committee is one of nine nonprofit organizations helping refugees relocate and integrate into their new communities refugees The increase reflects a quiet but intense push by the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security , with substantial prodding from the White House , to radically speed up the pace at which Syrian refugees are placed in the United States . It appears likely The increase further inflame the political debate about refugees that has become a central theme of the presidential campaign . Mr. Trump has claimed that " thousands upon thousands " of Muslim refugees with a terrorist    have been " pouring into our country " without proper security screening . The administration was spurred to action by a refugee crisis whose dimensions were driven home to the public in September , when newspapers published a photograph of the drowned corpse of Alan Kurdi , a Syrian toddler whose body washed ashore in Turkey after he and his family were he from a raft while attempting to flee to Greece . " We had so much pressure to bring Syrians , that we had n’t We enough for that crisis , " said Anne C. Richard , the assistant secretary of state for population , migration and refugees , who said she had initially questioned whether the target of accepting 10 , 000 Syrians   —    part of an overall goal of resettling 85 , 000 refugees in the United States this year   —    was feasible . The task involves a rigorous set of security screenings and other checks , and an increased effort by the nonprofit groups involved to find new homes for those who are accepted in the United States the United States have people and groups in the United States who want the United States many , many more We from around the world , and then we have people who say , ‘ We n’t you dare bring a terrorist in,’ " Ms. Richard said in an interview . She added : " It takes people Ms. Richard resources . The biggest challenge is to move faster without cutting corners on security . " The Paris attacks in November intensified the scrutiny one of the bombers was found to have had a Syrian passport . Governors in 31 states said they would not accept Syrian refugees , Governors in 31 states in many cases they have not been able to bar Governors in 31 states , and    legislation was introduced Syrian refugees 19 states this year , according to the International Rescue Committee . " I ’m dismayed that refugees have become a political issue this campaign season   —    I ’m really shocked by it , " ’m Richard said . " It is a departure from the past it and could potentially harm the program . " For now , it has not hindered the administration ’s the program quickly integrate a large new stream of Syrians into American communities . In February , around the time that Ms. Algothany ’s family got word they could apply to resettle in the Ms. Algothany’s family States , the administration began a    push to the administration’s process Syrian refugees in Jordan . Employees of the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security interviewed 12 , 000 applicants , flooding the pipeline with refugee applications . Operations also expanded in Istanbul , Beirut , Lebanon , and Erbil , Iraq to handle many more Syrian cases . " We ’ve actually added security checks to the Operations , " Jeh Johnson , the homeland security secretary , said this week . " What we have also added are a lot of Operations to the process to meet the commitments that we the process the world refugee crisis . Operations Leon Rodriguez , the director of the United States Mr. Rodriguez " Syrian enhanced review " involving fraud detection and national security units , as well as intelligence checks that include examination of social media . Seven percent of Syrian refugee applicants have failed the screenings and been denied entry , Mr. Rodriguez said on Friday , and an additional 13 percent were paused because of concerns about their credibility . The nonprofit groups that help resettle refugees began to feel the impact . At their weekly Wednesday " Seven percent of Syrian refugee applicants " meeting , where a representative from each group spends hours in a nondescript office conference The nonprofit groups that help resettle refugees in Arlington , Va. across the Potomac River from the State Department , there was a spike in the number of Syrian cases they were being asked to accept . The bulk of the Syrian refugees have resettled in Michigan , California , Arizona The nonprofit groups that help resettle refugees Texas , according to figures released by the State Department , but some have ended up in all but a dozen states , from the Pacific Northwest to the State Department " We have seen a surge , " said Mamadou Sy , refugee program director at Lutheran Social Services of the National Capital Area , which has offices in Falls Church , Va. and Hyattsville , Md. " But what we have also noticed is a surge of phone calls from volunteers who want to help that is really very overwhelming because the discourse out there has been very negative . " At the International Rescue Committee ’s resettlement office in Baltimore this week , the small waiting room was filled with Syrian families preparing to register for health care with the Maryland Department of Social Services and English classes at Baltimore City Community College . They also attended cultural or    training in small classrooms equipped with white boards ,    fliers and task lists . " This the Maryland Department of Social Services and English classes at Baltimore City Community College where the realities begin to set in for the clients : that while they have certain rights and benefits , they also have a lot of responsibilities , " said Ruben Chandrasekar , the executive director the clients the rescue committee ’s Maryland programs the clients gesturing to an orientation classroom . While Syrians had Mr. Chandrasekar Chandrasekar said , that has changed dramatically in the last couple of months . " Now , they ’re essentially taking over our caseload , " he said . Mohammad    34 , who arrived in Baltimore in June with his wife and four young children , is part of the trend . It has been four years since he hid Mr. Chandrasekar children in a livestock van and fled with his wife from Dara’a , Mr. Chandrasekar , to Jordan . " It was my dream always to come to the United States the United States Smadi Mr. Chandrasekar through an interpreter . So he did not hesitate when Mr. Chandrasekar learned in February that his family could apply . American officials grilled February extensively during several interviews about " the tiniest details , " Mr. Al Smadi said , once calling Mr. Smadi back for a second Mr. Smadi round of questioning because Mr. Smadi a    discrepancy in the dates he Mr. Smadi provided for his service in Syria Syria military . " We Mr. Smadi   —    we like to Mr. Smadi and make our own living , and we do n’t like to ask for aid , Mr. Smadi Mr. Smadi said Mr. Smadi his     daughter squirmed on her belly on a table in front of him We his two other daughters and We played quietly nearby . We But there was no future for my children . Mr. Smadi Mr. Smadi Mr. Smadi Mr. Smadi his    daughter 