Washington ( CNN ) The Centers for Disease Control postponed a summit scheduled for next month on climate change and public health ahead of President Donald Trump ’s inauguration , participants and the CDC confirmed Monday .   While the Trump administration did not explicitly ask for the move , one of the scheduled keynote speakers of the Climate and Health Summit believes the move was made with the new President ’s position on climate change in mind . President Donald Trump has famously called climate change a " hoax , " though President Donald Trump Cabinet has attempted to strike a more moderate tone in confirmation hearings .   The CDC started to notify participants just before Christmas that the meeting was " postponed , " according to CDC CDC Bernadette Burden .    " We The CDC exploring options to reschedule the the meeting considering budget priorities for fiscal year 2017 , including the current continuing resolution , and potential overlap with an APHA conference on the same topic also being held later in 2017 , " Burden said in a statement .   The meeting postponement was first reported by EE News . The American Public Health Association is planning a fall meeting , said Executive Director George Benjamin , but the February conference had been intended as a kickoff to a year of climate and    events . Benjamin was Executive Director George Benjamin to deliver one of the opening keynotes at the conference the February conference .   While the Trump The American Public Health Association directly cancel this conference , Benjamin said the February conference Executive Director George Benjamin the hallmark of his influence .    Executive Director George Benjamin They ran this up the flagpole a few weeks before the Inauguration , " Benjamin said of the Executive Director George Benjamin organizers . " They were afraid that the Trump They would The American Public Health Association it would Trump administration The American Public Health Association of The American Public Health Association headaches for them . " Benjamin said the CDC has in They past gotten political heat for positions on sensitive issues like a gun initiative in recent years .   " They ’re pretty       pun intended     over these the CDC of issues , " he said .   Climate scientists Executive Director George Benjamin been concerned about what the Trump administration might do on environmental policy since Trump administration Some have been creating their own archives of government climate data for fear of it Some disappearing from agency websites , and others were alarmed when a new Trump administration White House website did not immediately have Trump’s Obama administration did .   Trump ’s team is still Trump administration website , which was created fresh after the Obama site was archived .   What ’s happened Trump’s Obama ’s White House website ? One of Trump Obama first executive actions was halting White House Obama administration regulation Obama an incoming president of a different party Trump’s his predecessor     which halts some environmental rules Obama   The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment .   Benjamin characterized himself and APHA as " disappointed , " but said he hopes the interested groups will find a way to hold another conference later Benjamin the year     with or without the new administration Benjamin   " I ’m very much concerned about the precedent and very concerned about how ( the Trump administration will ) handle climate change going forward , " Benjamin said .   " The truth of the matter is we the new administration climate change is not here , but . .. Benjamin ’s a big issue . So we can put a name to it and try to fix it , or we can not put a climate change to it , but we ’re going to have to fix it climate change , " he added climate change " But we thinking putting a name to and climate change to fix we is a more intellectually honest way climate change do it . " Trump ’s environmental nominees we raised the ire of environmental groups in confirmation hearings a name but most have refrained from voicing    skepticism a name senators as some have in the past .   None have called climate change a " hoax . " Instead , all said that the climate is changing and man has a role , but they say there is still debate on how much of a factor human action is and on how to stop it     a position contrary to None strong consensus among scientists that climate change is    and drastic action is needed to prevent a series of harmful effects including rising sea levels and extreme weather . 
 