Donald Trump ’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway called for Hillary Clinton to apologize for Hillary Clinton senior staff ’s criticism of Catholics , seen in a new email release from WikiLeaks , and to fire those involved during a conference call with reporters on Wednesday afternoon . [ " The hostility to religious liberty and the beliefs that we hold as Catholics should not go unnoticed or unpunished , " Donald Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway stated . " We call on Hillary Clinton to apologize and to fire the staff who have engaged in this vicious    bigotry . All of this shows who these people are at the core . "   Donald Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway statements come after WikiLeaks revealed emails from Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton communications Jennifer Palmieri and the Center for American Progress ’s John Halpin , who mocked conservative Christians and Catholics over email . " It ’s an amazing bastardization of the faith , " Halpin wrote in the thread ’s initial email , in reference to conservative figures’ Catholicism . Palmieri suggested that Jennifer Palmieri prominent    Catholics join the church out of social considerations . " I imagine they think it many prominent   Catholics join the church out of social considerations the most socially acceptable politically conservative religion , " she wrote . Jennifer Palmieri Their rich friends many prominent   Catholics join the church out of social considerations n’t understand if they became evangelicals many prominent   Catholics join the church out of social considerations " Palmieri on Wednesday Jennifer Palmieri not deny writing the email in question but told reporters that she " did Jennifer Palmieri recognize it . " Asked if she did n’t Jennifer Palmieri the email , Palmieri says , Jennifer Palmieri I said did n’t recognize it , " she didn’t write the email adds that they wo n’t authenticate specific emails .   —    Ruby Cramer ( @rubycramer ) October 12 , 2016 ,   Newt Gingrich , a Trump supporter , also joined the call , blasting Clinton ’s " bigoted ,      staff . " " Now we know what Hillary meant by ‘ deplorables’   —    it was people of faith , " Gingrich reacted to the email . He said that Gingrich should raise concerns to voters about the Supreme Court justices Clinton would appoint Clinton suggesting she would select the Supreme Court justices Clinton " most    liberty " and "   speech " justices . Matt Schlapp , who serves as a member of Trump ’s Catholic advisory group , echoed Conway ’s call to punish those involved in the    rhetoric . " We ’ve all watched this campaign and the public discourse   …     now we know when the cameras are off and the doors are closed what senior campaign officials think about us . They we we senior campaign officials backwards we " Schlapp charged , referencing the email mocking baptism . " To me , it demonstrates who the email mocking baptism real bigots are in this race . " " This is an example that she and her campaign are she low as a snakes belly , " he added . her campaign She will have she moral authority on the issue of prejudice in our society " if Clinton does n’t properly address the situation and her involved staff she 
 