’   ’ ’      Donald Trump is stepping into office on Friday . ’ ’    And some analysts argue that Donald Trump " America first " foreign policy    agenda could mark a break in the global order , given that his "America first" foreign policy   agenda    rejects the   centered on    international alliances and    institutions . ’ ’    " I believe that the Pax Americana , as of tomorrow , is over , " Ian    Bremmer , president of Eurasia Group , said   on Thursday at the    World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . ’ ’    " I think that we can actually close the book on that chapter and    that we enter we a new world order , " he said . ’ ’    Bremmer and his firm he articulated a similar idea in their    ’ ’   Bremmer and his firm They wrote ’ ’   Bremmer and his firm Trump’ ’s " America    first " philosophy sees multilateral institutions and    international affairs as transactional   —    that is , rather than    aiming for    global order and common values , Trump    believes the US should act on    national interests and be    more flexible in dealing with rapid shifts on the global stage . ’ ’    " With it ends a    geopolitical era of Pax Americana , one in    which globalization and Americanization were tightly linked and    American hegemony in security , trade , and promotion of values    provided guardrails for the global economy , " the firm wrote of    the " America first " philosophy in its report the firm ’ ’    Notably , Chinese President Xi Jinping   on Tuesday in Davos defending economic    globalization , which Bremmer cited as an example of globalization    continuing while Americanization is not . ’ ’    Davos attendees " know that Trump represents a level of    significant uncertainty in the global order , " he said Chinese President Xi Jinping  on Tuesday in Davos " And they    also know the Chinese China and saying , ’’ We’’re    leading the charge on globalization , ’’ and quoting from Charles    Dickens and things like that   —    well , China is not a democracy .    Not going to become one . China’ ’s not a    economy . And    while it is becoming more    over time ,    ’s still    fundamentally state capitalist    ’ ’    " So the idea that your new globalization overlords are a country    that does not have rule of law or an independent judiciary   —    in    fact , a country that many of you do not feel particularly welcome    investing in ,    though you’’re making some money   —    they don’’t    know how to deal with that , that uncertainty as globalization    continues but Americanization is clearly over . " ’ ’   ’ "    Another example of Trump ’s shift in foreign policy views that    Bremmer singled out was the   ’s recent comments in    an interview with    on German Chancellor Angela    Merkel and Russian President Vladimir Putin . " ’    " Well , I start off trusting both , but let’ ’s see how long that    lasts . It may not last    all , " Trump said . ’ ’    Bremmer said : " Bremmer    relationship right now . .. when    Trump comes out Trump Trump his relationship with Putin and Trump Merkel Russian President Vladimir Putin basically the same , that’ ’s literally an astounding    thing for a postwar American president to say . And if you’’re    Merkel , the most important leader in Europe , you have to react    strongly to that . ’ ’    " I think there’ ’s an open question right now as to the state of    and maybe the existence of the    alliance . And that is    not appreciated by the people that are here . " ’ 
 