WASHINGTON   —    A third Democratic senator announced A third Democratic senator support on Sunday for President Trump ’s Supreme Court pick , Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , though Republicans still face the difficult task of gaining enough Democratic votes to confirm Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch potentially having to change longstanding Senate practice . The senator , Joe Donnelly of Indiana , is among a group of 10 Democratic senators who represent states that voted for Mr. Trump and who are up for    in 2018 . So far , two others   —    Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota   —    have announced their two others  —   Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota  —    for Judge Gorsuch . That leaves Republicans , who hold 52 seats in the Senate , five Democratic votes short of breaking any filibuster mounted by Democrats . If the Republicans do not have enough votes to break a filibuster , they the Republicans invoke the    nuclear option , allowing them the Republicans eliminate the a filibuster Supreme Court nominees and hold a floor vote . Judge Gorsuch could then be confirmed by a simple majority . Mr. Donnelly said in a statement that he would Mr. Donnelly for Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch he is a Mr. Donnelly jurist who will base his decision on Mr. Donnelly understanding of Mr. Donnelly law and is well respected among his peers . Mr. Donnelly Mr. Donnelly said Mr. Donnelly that the Mr. Donnelly should keep the    threshold to end a filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee . Senator Angus King , an independent from Maine who caucuses with the Democrats , said on the CBS program " Face the Nation " that he planned to decide Tuesday or Wednesday how he would vote . he I think the    margin requires some level of bipartisanship , and whether it ’s on legislation the   margin a major appointment like this , that it is n’t bad for the country that you have to have people and ideas that have some level of    from both parties , " he said . But he Jon Tester , Democrat of Montana   —    a state won by Mr. Trump   —    said Sunday evening that he would oppose Judge Mr. Trump   , dealing a big blow to Republicans’ hopes of reaching 60 votes . The Senate Judiciary Committee has scheduled a vote for Monday on whether to send Judge Gorsuch ’s nomination Judge Gorsuch floor . The Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , said on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " on Sunday that Judge Gorsuch would be confirmed this Judge Gorsuch " How that happens really depends on our Democratic Mr. McConnell , how many of them are willing to oppose cloture on our Democratic friends partisan basis to kill a Supreme Court nominee   —    never happened before in history , the whole history of the country , " Mr. McConnell said . The top Senate Democrat , Chuck Schumer of New York , said on the same program that Republicans would not secure 60 votes . " So instead of changing the rules , which is up to Mitch McConnell and the Republican majority , Mr. McConnell n’t President Trump , Democrats and Republicans in the Senate sit down and try to come Senate a mainstream nominee ? " Mr. Schumer said . Mr. McConnell said any change Chuck Schumer precedent Mr. McConnell Supreme Court nominees would not endanger the filibuster that can be used for legislation , calling it " a longstanding tradition of the Senate . " Another legislation Republican leader , John Senate Texas , defended Mr. Mr. Cornyn they are going to filibuster everyone that this president might propose , " Mr. Cornyn said on " Face the Nation , they filibuster referring to Democrats . " They realize that this is their last gasp to try to prevent him from being confirmed . But they wo n’t . they filibuster Senator Claire McCaskill , they filibuster of Missouri   —    a this president that voted for Mr. Trump they filibuster —    announced Friday Ms. McCaskill am not comfortable with either choice , " she wrote , but then added : " I can not support Judge Gorsuch Mr. Trump   a study of his opinions reveal a rigid ideology that always puts the little guy under Ms. McCaskill boot of corporations . He is Ms. McCaskill , but his body of work is n’t . " 
 Ms. McCaskill Gorsuch Gorsuch Gorsuch Gorsuch 