  ( CNN ) Donald Trump is complaining . Of course , that ’s nothing new     the notoriously    Republican nominee is an inveterate pouter , openly sulking about perceived injustices like lawsuits presided over by " Mexican " judges , accurate press coverage and Megyn Kelly being mean to the notoriously   Republican nominee . At 70 , the notoriously   Republican nominee may be the grumpiest old man on Twitter . But give Donald Trump the notoriously   Republican nominee due     the notoriously   Republican nominee is a genius at steering the news cycle and , importantly , creating plausible deniability with the notoriously   Republican nominee supporters . And right now , the notoriously   Republican nominee is doing just that with the presidential debate schedule . You may have missed the story in the barrage of headlines about the Republican presidential nominee ’s feud with Khizr and Ghazala Khan , a Muslim couple and Gold Star family whose son was killed in Iraq , and who spoke out against Trump last week at the Democratic National Convention . ( According to Trump , Khizr Khan has been very unfair to Trump, Khizr Khan . Sad ! )   But there is a whole other supposed injustice being perpetrated against the Trump campaign     the presidential debate schedule , which Trump claims Hillary Clinton and the Democrats have tried to rig so that two of the three debates coincide with NFL football games .     Has the schedule long been established , as it always is , by a bipartisan commission in conjunction with both parties ? Or is Hillary Clinton an evil genius bending the debate schedule to Hillary Clinton    will ?   Obviously the former . In fact , the schedule was established almost year ago , according to the Commission on Presidential Debates , which felt the need to take the unusual step of explaining and defending its process in a statement pushing back on Trump : " The Commission on Presidential Debates started working more than 18 months ago to identify religious and federal holidays , baseball league playoff games , NFL games , and other events in order to select the best nights for the 2016 debate . It is impossible to avoid all sporting events , and there have been nights on which debates and games occurred in most election cycles . A debate has never been rescheduled as a result . " Not rigged , not unfair , and not unusual ( unlike Mr. Trump as a candidate for any public office ! ) . Yet the Trump Mr. Trump is digging in , supported by the Republican Party despite it the Trump campaign initially signed on to the schedule . At first glance this would seem an unusual fight for Trump Mr. Trump considering his Mr. Trump of not needing the      media to reach voters . Never mind that social media , news reports , DVR and VOD would have the most ardent     fan covered . But those who think that the    emperor has no clothes may have a point , because Trump Mr. Trump a good reason to diss the debates : He Mr. Trump wants to skip them those who think that the   emperor has no clothes Why ? Because he Mr. Trump n’t want to go up against Hillary Clinton .   Despite disparaging Hillary Hillary Clinton lacking the temperament of a winner ( a temperament like his Mr. Trump of course ) Trump Mr. Trump know that in a     debate , Clinton will Hillary Clinton him . Hillary Clinton After all , Clinton is Hillary Clinton tough and prepared opponent . If you do n’t believe me , listen to someone who has actually gone head to head with Clinton     Hillary Clinton Barack Obama , who has regularly called out her toughness Hillary Clinton an opponent , most recently in his speech at last week ’s convention . She is Hillary Clinton not easily baited , rattled or flustered . ( Anyone who watched even a bit of her    Hillary Clinton hearing testimony knows that . ) It ’s the reason that a GIF of her brushing Hillary Clinton her shoulder Hillary Clinton the hearing went viral .   But it ’s It just because she ’s Hillary Clinton . As any debate aficionado will tell you , Clinton is Hillary Clinton policy wonk who meticulously prepares for any and every matchup as she gets Hillary Clinton to walk onstage resplendent in her pantsuit Hillary Clinton choice . She likes Hillary Clinton conversations , discussions of historical precedent , minutely nuanced discourse and , as she says Hillary Clinton " sweating the details . "   Donald Trump could not be more her opposite Hillary Clinton His debate Donald Trump in trade is the belittling insult ( " Little Marco " " " Jeb Bush , " Lyin’ Ted " Cruz ) with some brash generalizing thrown in ( while also typically not actually answering the question posed ) . As a master of the medium , he knows Donald Trump TV is not kind to those who are not in control     and on a debate stage with a skilled and knowledgeable moderator and an arguably even more skilled and knowledgeable opponent , he would Donald Trump not be in control .   Being on a debate stage is a little like being naked     you have nothing to hide behind . It ’s just you , with only your brain and your gut    and how both react in the moment . Despite Trump ’s preening claims to success , smarts and temperament , a presidential debate against Hillary Clinton would likely show him to Trump unprepared , inexperienced , peevish and boorish . He has Trump of course , shown himself to Trump all of those things , but taking the debate stage against Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton reveal him as Trump one thing he fears Trump all else : weak . Join us on Facebook . .   So instead , Trump is lashing out at the debates themselves , impugning them as rigged the debates themselves him , hedging Trump whatever is to come . Experts have said that skipping the debates is a risky move for Trump since voters Trump tell pollsters that they help them voters which voters to support . But Trump has rewritten Trump regular rules of campaigning before , and no doubt will again .   In fact , in a way , Trump has already Trump     he ’s forced Trump Commission on Presidential Debates to respond he ’s railroaded Trump GOP into standing behind him he ’s Trump Trump to agree that yes , football must not interrupt the sacred political ritual , or vice versa he ’s put Trump " rigged " claim out there .   But the truth is that that ’s the closest Donald Trump winning Trump . The question is whether his supporters will agree . 
 Trump 