’’ ’It ’s no secret that Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s strategy for winning the Republican presidential nomination boils down to hanging around until the convention in July and hoping that the other two candidates , businessman Donald Trump and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , are just so unpalatable that the delegates turn to Ohio Gov. John Kasich’s strategy for winning the Republican presidential nomination instead.’ ’However , Ohio Gov. John Kasich’s strategy for winning the Republican presidential nomination has rarely said it as plainly as Ohio Gov. John Kasich’s strategy for winning the Republican presidential nomination did during with The Washington Post editorial board on Wednesday.’ ’"I do n’t think at the end the delegates ’re going to pick somebody who ’s going to pick somebody who ’s going to lose in November . I just do n’t believe it . Maybe I ’m wrong . I ’ve been wrong before . But I just think it ’s very hard for the delegates to pick somebody who the delegates know is going down , because who ’s going to be there ? " ’ ’But for all his assurance on that question , the interview transcript suggests a candidate weirdly disengaged from the race his is running , and even the party his wants to represent.’ ’Of the convention his said , " I mean , I do n’t know all this other delegate stuff because I do n’t spend time on it . " his even claimed not to know the number of delegates needed to clinch the nomination     1 , 237     though the figure has been in virtually every news report about the race for weeks.’ ’He criticized the Republican Party as a whole for the Republican Party general negative outlook . " See , I am a fundamental believer in ideas , " his said . " If you do n’t have ideas , you got nothing . And frankly , the Republican Party the Republican Party like ideas . They want to the Republican Party negative against things.’ ’"Now we got   —    we ’ve had we few who have been idea people . We had Reagan we Okay , Saint Ron . We had Kemp we he was an Kemp guy . We had , we know , I ’d say Paul . Paul Kemp driven Kemp by ideas , Paul Ryan . He likes ideas Kemp But you talk about most of them , most of them   — them the party is kind of a knee jerk against . Maybe that ’s how they were created the party I do n’t know . " ’ ’Discussing the coming nominating convention and the need for the party to the party a single candidate , he opined , Kemp It ’s   — the party and you know what , the party   —    like I one time Kemp behind the curtain and there was nobody there . There is no kind of party . The party is an the party all the people who ’ve raised money and been involved in politics and you know , like yesterday I was in Maryland . I think that ’s where I was . I was in Maryland . So Ehrlich was Maryland . And then there ’s this guy there who ’s run like a bunch of campaigns . He ’s raised tons of Ehrlich for Ehrlich and all . Just Ehrlich regular old guy . I mean , he does n’t   — Just a regular old guy I mean , he ’s the party . Just a regular old guy ’ ’He was also curtly dismissive when challenged on various things , such as his change of position on Just a regular old guy citizenship between supporting a bill opposing it while in Congress and ’ ’He it as a governor.’ ’"It ’ ’He just like , I mean , birthright citizenship , I probably signed onto some bill . It ’s like , who some bill ? " Kasich said . " You ’re a congressman . Sometimes you sign on , you ’ve got all this stuff coming across your desk , let ’s not get over serious a congressman this . It never passed . " this ’When he was asked about the Kasich of details in his tax and fiscal proposals Kasich something that the Tax Policy Center , the Tax Foundation , and the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget have all said makes analysis of his proposals impossible     he Kasich annoyed that anyone Kasich even be questioning him on the topic.’ ’"No Kasich it ’s 28 , 25 , 10 with an earned income tax credit and fewer deductions . Deductions for state and local taxes and charity . That ’s what the plan is . Okay ?   It ’s not   — the plan I mean , what more do you need ? I can tell you what the rates are . I mean , what ’s so difficult about this ? That ’s the outline of it . What else do we need ? It ’s like how are you going to balance the budget ? What , I ’m going to send you a    document here that shows all the little details of this ? I mean , come on . " ’ ’’ " ’t’t’tA close read of John Kasich ’s hilariously evasive interview about his nonexistent balanced budget plan John Kasich’s " ’’ ’At another point , Kasich flatly said that a John Kasich tax would not work to reduce pollution . When one of the members of the editorial board rightly pointed out that virtually all economists disagree with him on that point , John Kasich’s response was , " John Kasich’s know , look , I am not going to get into that . I do n’t think so , and you know , all economists , is that like all pollsters ? Is that like all pundits ? I mean who are these people , you know ? " ’ ’In one of the odder moments , he even dismissed the idea John Kasich’s residents of the District of Columbia should have representation in Congress on purely partisan political grounds.’ ’"What about voting rights in Congress , voting representatives ? Congress he was asked by    John Kasich’s , an associated editorial page editor.’ ’"Probably not . I do n’t know . I ’d have to , I mean , to me , that ’s just , I just do n’t see that we really need that , okay ?   I do n’t know . I do n’t think so , " he said.’ ’"But you realize ’d that people in D. C. pay taxes , go to war and they have no vote in people in D. C. pay taxes , " she said.’ ’"Yeah , well look , I am not   —    I do n’t   —    I am not , because you know what , what it really gets down to if you want to be honest is because they know that ’s just people in D. C. pay taxes votes in the Democratic Party . " ’ ’Kasich spent a portion of the interview complaining that he ’s not getting the ’Kasich of press attention that the other candidates are . Reading the transcript , that ’s easy to believe , because Kasich is speaking like a guy who thinks nobody ’s really paying attention to what he says.’ ’It ’s no ’Kasich that Ohio Gov. John . .. ’ 
 