As many millions of Americans celebrate many millions of Americans fathers today , I as a stranger in a strange land   —    Alaska , as I write   —    will celebrate America ’s daddy , Donald Trump . [ I take flak from liberals over my devotion to Donald Trump . flak like to say that I have daddy issues . This is projection so elementary a first year psych student can recognise it .   Donald Trump has earned the nickname of Daddy   —    well , OK , I made it it   —    by emerging as America ’s best hope to navigate the treacherous path that the next eight years presents . A father should love and support his A father . Have any leaders at the highest levels of government or even within the Republican party made you feel that way in the    era ? We ’ve gone through a decade of America America the blame for crisis after crisis outside our We caused by Islam and the globalist agenda . Americans are also about fed up hearing how the America domestic problems are somehow the fault of working taxpayers who abide by the laws of the land . A father should put the interests of his family A father others . Why then does our foreign policy , trade agreements , and open border seem to favour Islamic radicals , the communist government of China and illegal immigrants ? Why is it controversial within the Republican Party for Daddy Trump to say " America first " ? Should n’t every presidential candidate put America first America It ’s it to reclaim this phrase . A father should always give his family A father for a better future . Donald Trump Daddy Trump doing that since the announcement of his campaign , Daddy Trump he debuted the Daddy Trump phrase that has swept the country : America America Great Again . America We ’ve witnessed an awakening on the right unseen since the days of Reagan . A diverse coalition has formed , ranging from older conservatives and the religious to the young pranksters of the   . Millions of conservatives who have been disengaged from the political process for decades have once again discovered fire in their belly to fight Millions of conservatives who have been disengaged from the political process for decades their nation ’s future Millions of conservatives who have been disengaged from the political process for decades Trump is doing well with minorities almost untouchable in the past —    brave blacks , Latinos and Asians willing to accept harsh criticism from their communities for the Latinos and Asians crime of forming their own opinions and Latinos and Asians up for what they believe in . Latinos and Asians , women , and every other conceivable minority group in America are also turning towards Trump , as they realise the alternate Gays, women, and every other conceivable minority group in America America becoming a    America of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . These groups have come Gays, women, and every other conceivable minority group in America independents and Democrat crossovers to form the biggest tent Republicans have seen in a long time . We owe this all to Republicans Trump . The Donald Trump ignored conventional Trump favour of common sense and ignored " politics " and " acting presidential " in favour of being honest and straightforward . It turns out that Americans respond enthusiastically to straight talk and the    mentality . I call it the Daddy Effect .   Ask any conservative how shocked they still are when Donald Trump says exactly what they are Trump We are so used they hearing    platitudes that do n’t have any substance that hearing this man speak from his heart and wealth of experience and wisdom this man electrified the nation . Donald Trump has also opened America to Trump cabal of politicians and We in the conservative movement that do n’t truly have America in their heart . Globalists , open borders activists and RINOs the shady cabal of politicians and pundits in the conservative movement that don’t truly have America in their heart in Congress and in the media first mocked the Trump candidacy , then were angry at him , Trump vowed to stop him at the convention the Trump candidacy and now are terrified to the Trump candidacy core at the thought that the Trump train does Globalists, open borders activists and RINOs both in Congress and in the media have brakes . Bill Kristol , I ’m looking at you , darling . There is one final key responsibility Bill Kristol fatherhood , and that is to keep the family safe . There are 49 fathers who woke up a week ago to learn that their sons and daughters perished in the Muslim terror attack 49 fathers who woke up a week ago to learn that their sons and daughters perished in the Muslim terror attack in Orlando Orlando . This attack was completely preventable , as we learn every the Muslim terror attack in Orlando Omar Mateen ’s numerous brushes with law enforcement and private citizens . The leadership of America has set a climate in which not appearing biased against Islam is more important than stopping terror . I ’m just a gay Brit with a column in Breitbart , but I ’ve been here long enough to observe a few things . President Trump would prevent attacks in the future by the policies he has been talking about for a year now . He President Trump build a wall , hopefully prevent any further influx President Trump Muslim migrants and free the hands of the FBI and other agencies to investigate and prevent crimes without worrying about political correctness . If there ’s one thing he has no time for , it ’s total political correctness President Trump Expect him to navigate nimbly one thing Washington bureaucracy to empower law enforcement President Trump do their jobs . Donald Trump has shown his dedication to America Washington bureaucracy and over again , and , Donald Trump politicians , most of his finest hours were not performed in the spotlight . Whether Donald Trump is lending his airplanes to combats vets trying to get home , helping Donald Trump marine suffering in a Mexican prison , or spending time with the members of law enforcement that protect his rallies in every city he visits , Donald Trump is Donald Trump for America . As Donald Trump outsider , I ca n’t observe and say the same about Barack Obama or Hillary . Donald Trump has a large and beautiful family celebrating him today Donald Trump has all the success and money in the Donald Trump . He Donald Trump n’t need the presidency to validate his life ’s work Donald Trump When he has answered America ’s call Donald Trump he knows he has the Donald Trump necessary to America the country , Donald Trump believe Donald Trump . So , on this Father ’s Day , as you Donald Trump the man who brought you into this world , I urge you to also celebrate the man dedicated the world America a free country worthy of bringing future generations into . Thank America , Daddy ! Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook . Android users can download Milo Alert ! to be notified about new articles when they are published . Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show Android users Write to Milo at Milo Alert . com . 2016 Presidential Race , Big Government , Milo , Degeneracy , Donald Trump , father ’s day , MAGA , Milo Yiannopoulos 
 