  ( CNN ) The Republican Party is in a meltdown unlike anything The Republican Party has experienced in modern times     and The Republican Party ’s unfolding just one month before Election Day . Many in the GOP are reeling from shock , revulsion and utter confusion about what to do next after a video surfaced Friday of Donald Trump talking about women in crude and aggressive sexual terms .   New revelations emerged Saturday after CNN ’s Kfile reviewed hours of newly uncovered audio of demeaning conversations Donald Trump held over a    period with radio    Howard Stern .   The topics discussed included his daughter Ivanka ’s physique , having sex with women during women menstrual cycles , threesomes , and checking out of relationships with women after women turn 35 .   The fallout on Saturday revealed a party in chaos as dozens of Republicans either pulled a party in chaos as dozens of Republicans support for Trump or said Trump running mate , Mike Pence , should lead the ticket . Pence , the governor of Indiana , criticized Trump and canceled a scheduled appearance in Wisconsin on behalf of the campaign later Saturday . Trump Trump , Melania , who has kept a low profile in recent months , released a statement saying Trump ’s Trump " offensive . " " This does not represent the man that I know , " she said . the man that I know He has the the man that I know and mind of a leader . I hope people will accept his apology , the man that I know I have , and focus on the important issues facing our nation and the world . " Huddle at Trump Tower , Trump ’s closest Trump including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , gathered at Trump Tower to plot Trump Tower forward . But in a sign of the extraordinary resistance to Trump that has developed Trump the past 24 hours , many in the party consulted the rules of the Republican National Committee to decide whether there ’s any possibility of dropping the billionaire from the ticket     an option that seems easier said than done . For now , the RNC has put a temporary pause on its mail operations that are the RNC of the committee ’s victory operation the Republican National Committee current situation and decide if they need to change their message on the RNC and other      the RNC , according to a top RNC official . Through it all , the RNC seems determined not to be fazed by the crisis enveloping his campaign . " I ’d never Trump . I ’ve never withdrawn in my life , " Trump told The Washington Post . " Trump , I ’m not quitting . I have tremendous support . " He told The Wall Street Journal there Trump " zero chance I ’ll quit . " The GOP nominee enjoys a strong base of support among disaffected Republican voters , and there are no immediate signs that his most loyal backers will split with The GOP nominee man they view as their champion in confronting his most loyal backers hated political his most loyal backers . In fact , the revolt of the establishment wing of the party against the GOP nominee could further embolden Trump The GOP nominee Trump briefly emerged from Trump Tower Saturday afternoon to Trump’s his supporters , who cheered " USA ! USA Trump’s " Mess enveloping campaign , The mess enveloping the Trump campaign is just the latest stunning lurch of Trump’s wild presidential race that has repeatedly tested the limits of convention , credulity and even decent political discourse owing to the presence of Trump . Most immediately , the crisis elevates the Trump’s nominee ’s crucial second debate clash Sunday night with Hillary Clinton at Washington University in St. Louis into an extraordinarily important moment for Trump ’s White House campaign . Even before then Trump’s fragile marriage of convenience between the GOP and Trump was splintering . Can Donald Trump recover from this Trump’s Pence abruptly canceled plans Trump’s with House Speaker Paul Ryan in Wisconsin . Pence has repeatedly defended White House despite his long history of controversial Pence and positions . Trump’s decision Trump’s to show up sent a signal that he Trump’s n’t want to personally represent Trump at an important Trump’s Party event . Pence issued a Trump’s saying he was offended by the words Pence actions of his ticket Trump’s . " I do not condone his remarks Trump’s can not defend them , " Pence said Trump’s " I am grateful that the words and actions of his ticket mate has expressed Pence and apologized to the American people . Trump’s pray for his family and look forward to the opportunity he has to Trump’s what is in his heart when he Trump’s before the nation tomorrow night . Trump’s Pence ’s Trump’s were an example of how Republican politicians are Pence amid the    political environment to protect their own futures as well as the      to the election Republican politicians For her part , Hillary Clinton has largely stood by as the Hillary Clinton with Trump and the GOP unfolds . But the furor presents Clinton with a new challenge     and opportunities     as she Hillary Clinton for Sunday ’s debate . The former secretary of Hillary Clinton must calibrate how she responds to the storm raging around Trump , and also The former secretary of state for the possibility that he will Trump and the GOP to deflect it by bringing up the past The former secretary of state of her husband , former President Bill Clinton .   Hillary Clinton The former secretary of state hunkered down and preparing for Sunday ’s debate The former secretary of state top aides at the Doral Arrowwood Sunday’s Rye Brook , New The former secretary of state , hotel and spa , when The Washington Post published the bombshell video of Trump casually talking about sexual assault on Friday . The tape changed Clinton ’s debate prep as the small group of advisers the bombshell video of Trump focused The former secretary of state how to prepare her on how she will respond . The former secretary of state on those efforts , Clinton The former secretary of state top aides The former secretary of state Saturday that the Democratic nominee will not respond The former secretary of state Trump ’s suggestive comments before tomorrow ’s debate and instead address them " early " in the debate , possibly in her opening statement . top aides ’s senior advisers made the decision after watching The former secretary of state of Republicans rescind The former secretary of state and feel there is no rush to get something out Saturday . The dozens of Republicans thinks it is beneficial for them if her first response comes during what is expected to The campaign a debate that dozens of Republicans The former secretary of state than 80 million people , maximizing the number of people who see her reaction . Cutting Trump loose , Republicans steadily began cutting Trump loose Saturday The former secretary of state New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte , locked in a tight    Trump , Saturday trigger an avalanche of top GOP figures away from Trump . Nevada GOP Senate candidate Joe Heck , competing in another competitive race , Trump could no longer support Trump , though would not vote for Clinton . How the Nevada GOP Senate candidate Joe Heck hot mic tape of Trump Trump was exposed , Arizona Sen. John McCain also withdrew his support for Trump . Trump to the vulgar comments that surfaced Friday , McCain also Arizona Sen. John McCain Trump ’s Trump remarks earlier in the week about the " Central Park 5 Arizona Sen. John McCain     saying Trump they were still guilty in a 1989 rape despite being exonerated years ago     in making Arizona Sen. John McCain decision . " Donald Trump ’s behavior this week , concluding with the disclosure of his demeaning Arizona Sen. John McCain about women and Trump about sexual assaults the week it impossible to continue to offer Trump conditional support for his candidacy Trump Cindy , with her strong background in human rights and respect for women fully agrees with Trump in this , " McCain said Cindy " Cindy and I will not vote for Donald Trump , " Cindy continued . " I have never voted for Cindy Democratic presidential candidate and we will not vote for Hillary McCain . We will write in the name of some good conservative Republican who is qualified to be president . " Meanwhile we Ted Cruz , who only recently endorsed Trump after a brutal primary battle , is considering rescinding that backing , according to a source close to the Donald Trump senator . A handful of top operatives involved in GOP Senate races said the guidance from the Republican leadership in Washington is to do whatever it takes to insulate those campaigns from the Trump fallout . " This comes from the top and it could n’t be more clear : Repudiate him , repudiate the remarks , and if you need to go This that , then do n’t hesitate and Trump n’t worry , " said one Republican strategist working a difficult race for a GOP Senate incumbent .    " The presidential race is over , " said a second GOP strategist working a GOP Senate race . Three GOP sources familiar with conversations at the highest level of the GOP leadership said House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell would White House Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan in Wisconsin , even the Republican leadership in Washington the mess and confusion that would cause because early voting is under way , state ballots are mostly printed and deadlines House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell getting off the ballot have passed in most states .    Both Ryan and McConnell have condemned his remarks but neither has publicly called House Speaker Paul Ryan in Wisconsin him to quit the House Speaker Paul Ryan in Wisconsin . Sen. John Thune House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell a McConnell Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , did say Trump should step aside Trump and the GOP sources pointed to that as evidence of leadership thinking . These sources said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell congressional leaders are increasingly frustrated with GOP Chairman Three GOP sources familiar with conversations at the highest level of the party leadership who has the RNC promised them Trump would come to Trump his Three GOP sources familiar with conversations at the highest level of the party leadership nominee Trump his impact on House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell And they said it had been relayed to Priebus that they expected the national organization House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell place protecting the congressional majorities first as questions about resources are decided Three GOP sources familiar with conversations at the highest level of the party leadership the final 30 days of the race . Three GOP sources familiar with conversations at the highest level of the party leadership Trump off the ticket , Republican sources say one option under consideration is ending the Joint a tight   race between the Trump and the Trump campaign so the RNC could focus its fundraising exclusively the Trump campaign races the ticket donors who were opposed to Trump Trump continue to support the party . But the chance that the GOP could the party off its presidential ticket just a month Trump Election Day appears the GOP a long shot , not least because the election is GOP Trump in some states GOP absentee and early voting . In theory the election is a mechanism to replace Trump on the ticket Trump his pledge to stay in the race and drop out . The party rules allow RNC members to pick a new Trump in a     the RNC Trump Why Trump ca n’t easily dump Trump a tight   race ballot , the ticket move to replace Trump would soon run into a legal minefield . There is no system in place , for instance Trump for states to recall votes or offer new ballots Trump Americans who have already voted the ballot election . Ballot access deadlines have already passed in some states so there would certainly be legal challenges the election RNC member told CNN ’s Tom LoBianco that dumping Trump the RNC be almost impossible . " I do n’t think it ’s an option . Seriously . Ballots are printed . People are already voting . We just Trump to live with it . "   Another RNC member said getting changes to balloting rules in 50 the RNC was likely not going to work . " We are stuck and so is Pence , " the person said . 
 Pence CNN CNN it 