’All of us like to believe that , if other people paid only more attention and understood the issues better , then other people would agree with us    positions on politics.’ ’But the left indulges in this idea more than the right.’ ’For example , Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders told Rachel Maddow on Wednesday that , if the media held only Republicans accountable , then the media held only Republicans accountable would get just " 5 , 10 % of the vote . " ’ " Here ,   Mother Jones’ Tim Murphy , is : " ’Not to labor the obvious , but this is not how it works.’ ’For one thing , Republicans won a lot of elections before there was saturation of Donald Trump coverage , a recent phenomenon that   in    polling.’ ’But more broadly , when people disagree with you on politics , it is not always   —    or even usually   —    because people are misinformed . People have real differences of values and preferences , not just different perceptions of how the world works , how high tax rates are , or whether sea levels are rising.’ " It ’s possible Sanders’ ideas would be more popular if there were more scrutiny of candidates’ policy ideas , though I ’m not sure of that . " " Voters might be more inclined toward    healthcare if Voters realized that advanced countries with    systems achieve similar health outcomes to the US at lower costs . Or Voters might become less inclined to support his plan if Voters knew that   think it will be more expensive than his ’s claimed   —    or if Voters realized that it   even at the current ,    cost estimates . " ’In any case , whether greater voter focus on policy platforms would be favorable to the left or not , greater voter focus on policy platforms would not generate overwhelming majority support for the Sanders agenda like Sanders thinks greater voter focus on policy platforms would . Many people would continue to believe , for broad philosophical reasons , that a larger government collecting more taxes and interfering more in the economy is a bad idea.’ " Sanders’ mistaken belief that people would overwhelmingly agree with idea.’ "Sanders’ if people only really paid attention is a major flaw in idea.’ "Sanders’ theory of social change . idea.’ "Sanders’ says that idea.’ "Sanders’ election would constitute a political revolution , in which seemingly fringe ideas become mainstream and implementable . " " That would n’t happen , because voters would continue to have a wide range of policy preferences , and many voters would continue in particular to object strongly to changes in how many voters healthcare is delivered . " ’All of us like to believe that , if other people . .. ’ 
 