In a rare exclusive interview , Gennifer Flowers , who says she had a    affair with Bill Clinton , revealed details of what she says was she sex life with the former president . [ Flowers said that while Bill Clinton was the governor of Arkansas , she and the politician made love in the governor ’s mansion where the governor’s lived with she as well as in the governor’s state office , including in the conference room while there were people outside .   Asked whether Bill Clinton was nervous that others might catch others in the alleged sex acts , Flowers replied : " I was nervous . Flowers was n’t nervous . Flowers never seemed to care . I seemed to care more about people finding out or in some cases even she and Chelsea then Flowers did . I would bring it up to Flowers . And Flowers [ would ] vow , ‘ No everything is going to be fine . Do n’t worry about it . ’ " Flowers was speaking in an interview set to air Sunday night on this reporter ’s talk radio program broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM . Listen to audio here : Flowers said that Flowers and Clinton also often engaged in phone sex and Flowers claimed that the two had sex in numerous places . " I had sex in the office when he was governor , " Flowers said . " In the mansion , in the office , and in the conference room . With people outside . " " We had a lot of fun together . We We two consenting adults , " Flowers added . The issue of    locker room talk has dominated the news cycle after a 2005 audio and video recording was leaked of Donald Trump making controversial comments about women . Flowers was asked whether Flowers ever heard Clinton engaged in " locker room talk . " " So , you know , sometimes we had phone sex , " Flowers stated . " So yeah . We we engaged in a lot of locker room talk . And he Donald Trump with his Donald Trump and his Donald Trump like Roger Perry . " Perry Roger Perry a former State Trooper who gave interviews and later a deposition in which he Donald Trump that he Donald Trump to help Clinton manage his Donald Trump extramarital affairs . In our interview , Flowers identified Perry Roger Perry the state trooper who " drive Bill around and brought him Donald Trump my home often . " She Roger Perry she Roger Perry that Perry Roger Perry " told by Bill Bill I could suck a tennis ball through a garden hose . " That salacious anecdote was mentioned in a 1996 New York Times bestselling book by R. Emmett Tyrrell Jr. titled , Boy Clinton : The Political Biography . Page 278 states :    …     Bill Bill told his Bill aide , Arkansas state trooper Roger Perry , that Gennifer " could suck a tennis ball through a garden hose . " In a recent interview with this reporter , Flowers stated that Hillary " absolutely " knew about the alleged affair as early as 1977 , when Flowers says the the alleged affair . She stated Flowers " I know she did Flowers there was a security guard at the mansion . Back then we did n’t have cell phones . So he ( Bill Clinton ) would have key people   —    whether it be Betsy Wright or a security guard at the mansion the mansion for me to call and ask for and then that person would get a message to him to call me that person . " And one day he came in and that person security guard told him that I had that person and gave him the message . that person a message did n’t know that person that she ( Hillary ) was actually there and was walking up to meet him and heard the that person say my name the security guard that I had called . And so she had a conversation with him she little bit that person that she was getting real tired of she that name . And that she my name to stop . she he told my name it that person n’t gon na she . my name she said , ‘ Well , she at least do n’t embarrass me.’ Well of course he went on to that person her . Many , many times she " They had only been married about three Many, many times when he and I started that person affair . You know , they he and I n’t have Chelsea . It Many, many times early on in their relationship Chelsea well . " Flowers Many, many times sought to go public . Her name was put out there against Flowers will when former Clinton insider Larry Flowers , who claimed he was improperly dismissed by Clinton from Nichols state job , mentioned Clinton in court documents . In a lawsuit , Nichols alleged that Clinton diverted state funds to engage in Clinton affairs with five women , and he named Flowers , and four others Nichols including former Miss America Elizabeth Ward Gracen and former Miss Arkansas Lencola Sullivan . Nichols would later drop his lawsuit , Nichols the charges helped a lawsuit basis for tabloid stories alleging that Clinton had extramarital affairs , including with Clinton . Three days after Star magazine mentioned Flowers as Clinton ’s alleged mistress , Bill and Clinton Clinton appeared in January 1992 side Clinton on 60 Minutes , where Bill denied a relationship with Flowers . To protect Bill reputation , Flowers held a press conference Clinton next day where Flowers played excerpts from tape recordings she had Clinton of private phone calls with Clinton . In a deposition in 1998 , Clinton Clinton admitted he had a sexual encounter Clinton . Aaron Clinton is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts Aaron Klein popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 