Washington ( CNN ) The Green Party ’s Jill Stein has received a bounty of attention and money since Jill Stein announced Jill Stein intent to request election recounts in several states , but prominent voices within Jill Stein are rebuking the effort . Among them prominent voices within her party her Jill Stein running mate , Ajamu Baraka , who told CNN on Tuesday : " I ’m not in favor of the recount . " Baraka said he Baraka spoken with Stein about his Baraka , telling her Jill Stein it was a potentially dangerous move " because it it be mischaracterized by the broader political community . " It would be seen as carrying the water for the Democrats , " Baraka Baraka . The former    vice presidential nominee had earlier expressed his The former   vice presidential nominee on Facebook , where he The former   vice presidential nominee for Stein ’s ethics and intentions while outlining his The former   vice presidential nominee her Stein’s could undermine the Green Party ’s independence . Jill Stein her recount Stein , " The recount effort has resulted in serious questions regarding the motivations of the recount that threatens to damage the standing and reputation of the Green Party , its supporters the Green Party activists , " Baraka wrote on Facebook . Stein has Stein the recount The recount effort building confidence in the election results themselves , telling CNN ’s Anderson Cooper it " is a deeply felt need of voters coming out of this deeply painful election . " The Green Party ’s Maryland Senate candidate Margaret Flowers has circulated an open letter , which has signatures from many prominent Green Party members , opposing the recount . The recount effort we support electoral reforms , including how the vote is counted , we do not support we current recount being undertaken by Jill Stein , " the letter said . an open letter, which has signatures from many prominent Green Party members, opposing the recount CNN in The Green Party’s Maryland Senate candidate Margaret Flowers separate interview on Tuesday her letter came from The Green Party’s Maryland Senate candidate Margaret Flowers an open letter, which has signatures from many prominent Green Party members, opposing the recount between members of the Green Party in the wake of Stein ’s announcement and concerns the Jill Stein the Green Party the current recount being undertaken by Jill Stein    to the left of and in opposition to the Democratic Party     the appearance of coming to the aid of Hillary Clinton . Stein has chosen to target Michigan , Pennsylvania Jill Stein Wisconsin     three states Clinton narrowly lost to    Donald Trump . Hillary Clinton Stein has steadfastly denied she is trying to Jill Stein Clinton and acknowledged Jill Stein Cooper Monday that her Hillary Clinton effort was unlikely to change the Hillary Clinton of the election . Flowers also denied that the recount effort was an attempt by Stein to fundraise for her party     as Jill Stein has alleged     Jill Stein her committed to   Donald Trump cause of " election Jill Stein , " a sentiment Baraka echoed verbatim . 
 