Former Alaska Governor and Republican Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin blasted members of the # NeverTrump movement still supporting the Democrat ’s presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton even after the news today that the Democrat’s presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton evaded prosecution for the Democrat’s presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton email scandal despite the Democrat’s presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton negligence and lies . [ the Democrat’s presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton posted the following to the Democrat’s presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton Facebook page with a link to Judicial Watch ’s statement on FBI Director James Comey ’s decision not to recommend an indictment for Clinton : GOP ‪#‎NEVERTRUMP TRAITORS   —    HILLARY DELIGHTS IN YOU , FOR SHE CAN’T WIN WITHOUT YOU , Ironic , tragic , but not unexpected   —    amidst America ’s Independence Day celebrations the Ruling Class put another boot on our neck to snuff liberty ’s life out of our the People . It ’s a farce that " no one is above the law " and my heart goes out to all who ’ve been unjustly accused and destroyed over much lesser crimes than Hillary ’s . We MUST redouble efforts to restore the rule of law that had sustained the most exceptional nation on earth , with everyone doing everyone part : * Do n’t put blind faith in any politician , but do n’t give up on We forefathers’ charters of freedom that created a Republic to be governed by and for We the People . * Teach your children America ’s foundation built on the rule of law ensure America’s foundation built on the rule of law understand consequences for America’s foundation built on the rule of law actions , despite our temporary leaders facing no such thing . * Unite behind those who have no part in the corrupt political machine that would mock , silence and destroy the outsiders committed to serving for the right reasons oppose all who campaign one way but govern another once they get to Washington and get sucked in to both party establishments that reward and protect both own . * Get your boots on the ground and work for what you know is right for our country ’s survival . Do n’t just preach to the choir   —    infiltrate and influence outside your comfort zone to empower others to take a stand against the Left ’s devastating fundamental transformation of America . Letting Hillary skate today is no surprise when the team Hillary ’s on has celebrated the team she’s on administrators pleading the fifth , over and over again , sending messages to America that messages ’re all above the law . From the IRS ’s Lois Lerner to Hillary testifying in front of Congress , they messages all told Congress Congress kiss off , and Congress Congress off . Today ’s FBI forgiveness of tyrants’ illegal acts illustrate purpose in why I insist Americans rise up and tear down this tyrannical system that is destroying America from within . Truly , you ’re either with us or you ’re against us us Message to all the " Republican " elites throwing in for Hillary , boasting they all the "Republican" elites throwing in for Hillary stay home instead of vote because their all the "Republican" elites throwing in for Hillary weakened good ol’ boy is not the GOP nominee ( the R. A. T.s suffering chappedass because their all the "Republican" elites throwing in for Hillary and purse are threatened by the grassroots movement to destroy their their power and purse    ) Hillary Hillary you . She Hillary she Hillary n’t win without you Hillary thanks you   —    Sarah Palin 
 