’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON   —     made a    Thursday night appearance at the " DeploraBall "    —    the      party organized by some of Donald Trump’ ’s more    prominent    supporters . ’ ’    While addressing the boisterous crowd from the stage , Clarke , who    is a registered Democrat and has run as a Democrat in each of Democrat    elections as Milwaukee County sheriff , said the only way he’’d    reach across the aisle to work with liberal politicians would be    " to grab one of liberal politicians by the throat . " ’ ’    " You may know me , you may not , " Clarke told the crowd . " I am one    of those    fighters . When I hear people say people need to    reach across the aisle and work with the Democrats , you know what       say ? The only reason I’’ll be reaching across the the aisle to    grab    of them by the crowd throat the throat ’ ’    Following his    ,    was asked by Business Insider why he    so Business Insider Democrats when he runs as Clarke . ’ ’   ’ ’’ ’    The bombastic sheriff also said during his speech that his speech The bombastic sheriff President Donald The bombastic sheriff during the campaign to put him " in    the President Donald Trump . " ’ ’    " I play smash mouth politics , " Clarke said . " To this day the left    does not know what to do with me . " ’ " Clarke The sheriff , who is a frequent guest of cable news hosts ,    particularly Fox News’ Sean Hannity , Clarke he visited 39 states on Sean Hannity behalf of Trump during the campaign . " ’    " If you know the left like I do , if you know liberals like I do ,    they never quit and defeat you know liberals not in their vocabulary , " he you know liberals ,    making Sean Hannity of protesters    were throwing eggs at attendees of    the " DeploraBall "    they entered the National Press you know liberals in    Washington . ’ ’    Clarke was also asked by reporters after his speech if he was Clarke offered a Clarke with Trump . ’ ’    " I have a job and it is as sheriff of a job County , " he    replied . ’ Clarke 