Administrators at the University of Pennsylvania reportedly provided students upset over the results of Tuesday ’s presidential election with emotional support puppies , coloring books , and chocolate . [ The news was relayed by Penn student Daniel Tancredi , who told The College Fix that students at the University of Pennsylvania were being coddled by administrators this week in response to Donald Trump ’s victory in Tuesday ’s presidential Tuesday’s   " There were actual cats and a puppy there , " Tancredi told The College Fix . The College Fix sheets of paper available with black and white printed designs on them for students to color in actual cats and a puppy there Essentially they looked like pages from a actual cats and a puppy there book that were printed from a computer . They all had positive    messages actual cats and a puppy there . Students colored them in with actual cats and a puppy there pencils . " actual cats and a puppy there a result of being distraught , Tancredi claims that students avoided talking about the election , as many of them were too shaken by the outcome students " For the most part , students just hung out and ate snacks and made small talk , " Tancredi said . " Of course , Tancredi was in addition to coloring and playing with the animals . The election was mentioned a few times the election mostly in very timid and fearful tones . The event as a whole seemed to be an escape from the reality of the election results . " Tancredi claims that many professors at the Tancredi of Pennsylvania turned Wednesday ’s class sessions into " safe spaces , " where students were invited to express their concerns about America ’s future . " students professors turned Wednesday ’s classes into ‘ safe spaces’ in Wednesday’s could freely express their concerns for their futures . On a campus Some professors voted    Some professors favor of Hillary Clinton , these open forums were naturally dominated by    voices . " " Obviously the diversity at Penn is not diversity of opinion since the opinion of almost half the country is almost unaccounted for on campus , " Tancredi claimed . " I ’m also worried for my fellow students . If the result of an election takes this much of a toll on their    what is going to happen when they directly face difficulties in the real world ? their Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart Tom Ciccotta com 
 Tom Ciccotta 