Washington ( CNN ) Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is playing Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine in debate preps with Mike Pence , a source familiar with the GOP vice presidential hopeful ’s efforts told CNN Saturday . the GOP vice presidential hopeful’s efforts ’ve only had one session so far , a source familiar with the GOP vice presidential hopeful’s efforts told CNN Saturday added . Meanwhile , lawyer and agent Bob Barnett is playing Pence in debate prep sessions with Kaine , a person close to the process told CNN CNN Saturday The move was first reported by Politico . Barnett Bob Barnett also helping with Democrat Hillary Clinton ’s debate prep , but is more directly focused on Kaine Kaine , the source added . Pence Pence the Kaine will face off with Kaine , a Kaine from Virginia , on October 4 at Longwood University in Farmville , Virginia . They Virginia be Kaine, a senator from Virginia only two candidates onstage vice presidential nominees Bill Weld of the Libertarian Party and Ajamu Baraka of the Green Party the Libertarian Party , the Commission on Presidential Debates announced Friday . Walker , who mounted his own 2016 presidential campaign but dropped out before the first primary votes were cast , was one of the few nationally known establishment Republicans to speak at the Republican National Convention in support of Donald Trump . Debate prep reveals clash of styles for Clinton , Trump , Much has been Donald Trump of the presidential candidates’ conflicting debate styles . Clinton is intensely studying Trump Clinton policy positions , Donald Trump politics by watching highlight reels of Republican primary debates and taking notes on his attack methods . Trump is Clinton by vocally mulling Donald Trump policies and strategies in ongoing conversations with top campaign advisers as well as with informal aides , including former Fox News chairman and CEO Roger Ailes and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani .   A campaign official told CNN that Trump is doing debate prep on Donald Trump . It was not immediately clear where the prep would be taking place or who would be involved . 
 