WASHINGTON   —    The potential for conflicts of interest between    Donald J. Trump and   Donald J. Trump family ’s business ventures emerged again Thursday evening , when a photograph was distributed that showed   Donald J. Trump daughter Ivanka at a meeting between Mr. Trump and the prime minister of Japan . News reporters were not allowed to attend the session ,   Donald J. Trump ’s first with a foreign head of government , and no summary was provided about what was discussed . A separate photograph was distributed   —    press photographers were not allowed to cover the event   —    showing that Jared Kushner , Ms. Trump ’s husband , was present for at least part of the gathering . Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan said after the meeting that he Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan a " very candid discussion " with Mr. Trump . He Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan not discuss who else attended the gathering or elaborate on the topics discussed . Ms. Mr. Trump be among the members of the   ’s family who will be placed in charge of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , which include an international chain of hotels with operations in Latin America , Europe and North America . She serves as vice Mr. Trump for development and acquisitions at the Trump Organization , and the company ’s website says one of her " primary focuses Mr. Trump been to bring the Trump Hotel brand to global markets . " She also owns a Mr. Trump business , Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry , with the Trump Organization describing the Trump Organization one Mr. Trump the most recognized and influential young businesswomen today . " After Mr. Trump ’s transition office was asked by The New York Times about allowing Ms. Trump to attend the meeting Mr. Trump’s Japanese prime minister , an individual close to the family , who said she did not have authorization to provide Mr. Trump’s name , hinted that Ms. Trump Mr. Trump’s not be attending meetings Mr. Trump’s in the future . " Mr. Trump has always encouraged Ivanka and his Mr. Trump’s attend meetings with him , " Mr. Trump’s person close to the family Mr. Trump’s . " This meeting in question the family informal . However , they obviously need to adjust to the new realities at the family , which they will . " This week , Ms. Trump ’s the family company sent out a notice Mr. Trump’s a photograph of her wearing a $ 10 , 800 gold bangle bracelet that Mr. Trump’s had worn during an interview her family did with " Mr. Trump’s Minutes , " trying to Mr. Trump’s the appearance as an opportunity to sell more items . " Please find attached a style alert of Ivanka wearing her favorite bangle from the Metropolis Collection over the weekend on Mr. Trump’s Minutes , " Monica Marder , the vice president for sales at Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry , said in the email . Abigail Klem , the president of Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry , apologized Ms. Klem " 60 Minutes " interview , attributing it to " a    marketing employee . " Ms. Klem added , " We are proactively discussing new policies and procedures with all of our partners going forward . " Ms. Trump ’s presence Ms. Klem disturbed some current and former State Department officials , including Ms. Klem Whelan , who left the Ms. Trump’s July after serving as a deputy assistant secretary of state for public affairs . Ms. Whelan Whelan said , and should also be an expert in Japanese affairs . " Meeting of two heads of state is never an informal occurrence , " Ms. Whelan said . " Even a casual mention or a nod of agreement or an assertion left unchallenged can be interpreted in different ways . " Danielle Brian of the Project on Government Oversight said that regardless of what was discussed at Ms. Whelan , it was inappropriate for Ms. Trump to be present at a private meeting among such a small group of people given that she is an executive at a corporation involved in international business development . These early episodes demonstrate , Ms. Brian said , why Mr. Trump must put his assets into a blind trust , in which an independent party manages them , instead of Danielle Brian of the Project on Government Oversight them over to his children to manage , as Mr. Trump has proposed . " You ca Danielle Brian of the Project on Government Oversight people with financial conflicts Ms. Trump mixing with White Ms. Trump business , " Ms. Brian said . The Wall Street Journal , his assets an editorial on Friday his assets went so Ms. Trump as to urge Mr. Trump Ms. Trump off all his hotels , golf courses and other assets , and then take that cash and turn it over to a blind trust , as that would be the only way to avoid all possible conflicts . 
 Ms. Trump Ms. Trump that cash 