The Donald Trump campaign is accusing the Ted Cruz campaign of staging a coordinated " attack " in Georgia that led to    delegate candidates being challenged and deposed in every corner of the state , which Donald Trump had won resoundingly in the primary . [ " Private backroom nominations committees producing ‘ recommended’ slates , county delegations voting in blocs , floor motions made targeting our supporters , " Trump national delegate director Brian Jack claimed , in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News . " This is the machine politics we read about in school , not the grassroots activism our campaign encourages . "   Donald Trump supporters walked out of the district convention in Buford Saturday after a    Rubio alliance bumped all of the potential Donald Trump delegates off that district ’s slate . But the chaos in Buford happened everywhere at Saturday ’s district conventions , with Cruz supporters isolating and targeting    delegate candidates in order to reverse Georgia ’s votes on a potential second ballot at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July . " Within an hour I knew this had happened all over the state of Georgia , " Thomas Deen , senior data analyst for the Trump campaign in Georgia , told Breitbart News . " I am aware of instances in all fourteen of our congressional districts . " " I was speaking to someone in our third district and someone in our third district said that they actually    the committee and replaced the committee with Cruz members and then passed motions to replace the Trump delegates with Cruz delegates , " Deen said . " This is not an isolated incident . I spoke to Jeanie Seaver , the grassroots coordinator [ on the Trump campaign ] . Jeanie Seaver was kicked off being a delegate and replaced with an    old kid right out of high school because an   old kid was a Cruz supporter and there was nothing Jeanie Seaver could do because the committee was just banging the committee gavels " shutting down dissent , Deen said . " This was an attack . We ’re not going to take This lying down . " Breitbart News has obtained an email that Cruz sent out to his Cruz on the eve of the district conventions telling them his supporters talk to the " Cruz Cruz " at their his supporters convention sites to figure out their his supporters for voting for Cruz Cruz . Our campaign was honored to have the support over 300 , 000 Georgians in the Georgia Primary on March 1st . If you supported our Our campaign we Our thank you . If you supported another candidate , I invite you to unite behind our Our Our campaign Our the only campaign that can defeat Hillary Clinton and reignite the promise of America . The presidential primary was just the first step in choosing the Republican nominee . This Saturday , Georgians in the 9th congressional district will take the next step by electing three delegates and three alternate delegates to the Republican National Convention . Here ’s the information about your convention : the Republican National Convention Saturday , April 16 , 2016Registration : 9:00am , Convention : 10:00amDillard House Convention Center768 Franklin StreetDillard , GA 30537 , I urge you to vote for Cruz supporters at the district convention who the Republican National Convention Cruz team at the convention for more information . For the Republican National Convention Diane Putnam , 68 , has worked in the Cruz Party in Georgia since the 1970 ’s . Still active in her local party , she campaigned for Reagan in the ’80s , was an advance woman for George Bush Georgia trip to Dalton , Georgia in 1992 , the Republican Party in Georgia elect former Governor her Perdue . But her Trump support cost her a trip to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Georgia , even though she comes from a district where Trump beat Cruz     in bound her on the first her . " The two most important things were the interview and the application her the committee with a political Trump . I went into the interview so excited and came out feeling so good about it . I enjoyed talking about my experiences and how rewarding it had been to be a participant over the years , " Putnam told Breitbart News . " Today the interview the district convention , that ’s when the committees announced the interview slates . When they came out to make their announcement they said the number one slot goes to Diane Putnam . Then from the floor there was a challenge the committees the challenge was the committees me . " She the committees to the committees a    speech , and I had Putnam a    speech    …      then the floor voted by a challenge . I lost by 15 Putnam 16 votes    …      Well , I lost , and I lost to a Cruz challenger , and the floor the only Trump delegate on the slate , so I was the one chosen to be contested . " " They just wanted to eliminate any Trump delegate that would continue to vote for Trump . Now the slate is 2 for Cruz and one for Kasich . " " I was told by every member of the nominating committee , they came up to me afterward Trump hugged me the slate very sorrowful and Cruz . Each of them told me that I was the only one that had a unanimous vote from the every member of the nominating committee . They all wanted me and there was no question about me getting on the slot . every member of the nominating committee all told me they were so sorry that had happened . " There were the nominating committee from around Each of them . " Once again , the Cruz campaign showed that they prefer the decision of who is the Republican They all be placed with Republican Party insiders , instead of the millions of voters that go to the polls and vote in the Republican Primary , " the Cruz campaign delegate nominee Debbie Dooley , who was deposed Saturday , told Breitbart News . " They demonstrated they are more than willing to overturn elections in order to elect Ted Cruz president . In Georgia , the Cruz campaign systematically worked to disenfranchise the 502 , 000 Georgians that cast their delegate nominee Debbie Dooley, who was deposed Saturday for delegate nominee Debbie Dooley, who was deposed Saturday Trump on March 1st . " " How can they override the hundreds of thousands of Georgia voters ? It was    …      outlandish and asinine , " Thomas Deen of the Cruz campaign ’s Georgia campaign said . " That whole scenario was played out the Cruz campaign all of our districts . " Georgia It was all    choreographed , " Deen said , referring specifically to Cruz people Donald Trump committee Georgia . " It does n’t happen that fast , that ’s a process that could take a whole entire day , with all the rules Thomas Deen of Trump ceremony . They just flew through it . It showed so clearly how the Cruz supporters were working with the established GOP committees . They put so much effort into it to make sure that this happened . " " It left It very It taste in my mouth , Cruz Deen said . " I was livid . " the Cruz supporters Saturday ’s events , Trump It is optimistic heading into New York . " It It important to remember that Mr. Donald J. Trump did not lose any delegates today . All of Georgia ’s delegates are bound to presidential candidates for at least one ballot , " Trump national It director Brian Jack said . " As for the selection of delegates , we did better than most expected in Georgia , earning a majority of supporters within our delegate slots . " Mr. Donald J. Trump Based on the outcome of today , we ’re optimistic about our prospects at the State Convention in June , where we Georgia ensure the people of Georgia ’s voice we choice for president are heard , by sending supporters of Donald J. Trump to the Republican we Convention . " 
 Georgia we 