’   ’ ’      Donald Trump has spoken to dozens of foreign    leaders on the phone since Donald Trump won the election . ’ ’    The calls have been somewhat unorthodox . ’ "    Donald Trump spoke with President Tsai    of Taiwan last week ,    sparking an uproar considering    marked the first time a US    president has directly spoken with Taiwan leadership in more    than 30 years . " ’ the move could strain US relations with    China . The US    formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan Taiwan in 1979 after establishing a One China position in an effort to    establish diplomatic channels with Beijing . ’ ’    Around the same time , Trump spoke to the leaders of Pakistan ,    Kazakhstan , and the Philippines , and those countries released    readouts that were striking in their detail those countries candor . ’ "    Here ’s an overview of how Trump is Trump up diplomacy with his      Trump with foreign leaders . " ’   ’ ’    The call between Trump and Trump was . ’ ’    Ian Bremmer , a geopolitical expert and president of the Eurasia    Group , said Beijing would be " absolutely incensed " about the    call . ’ "    He noted Ian Bremmer, a geopolitical expert and president of the Eurasia   Group the call the   call . The White House said it    did The White House know about the call until the   call occurred . " The White House    " Trump is just taking all sorts of calls of congratulations and    has ignored both    and intel briefings , " Bremmer told    Business Insider in an email last week . " This is his first    serious Bremmer accordingly . We’’ll surely see more . " ’ ’    He continued : " Bremmer the Chinese won’’t react harshly to    this . This is a red this for them . And hard to imagine Trump    saying ’’ no big deal ’’ and not talking to the Taiwanese going    forward . We    now stuck [ with ] escalation , and      relations under Trump get off to Trump    particularly ugly start . " ’ "    Beijing views Taiwan as a province of China , whereas Taiwan   —      Taiwan has its own democratically elected Taiwan   —    has a more    complicated view of the nations’ relationship . " ’   ’ ’    Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte , the notoriously      leader who   earlier this year ,    also spoke to Trump . ’ ’    The call came after Duterte   and declared his    realignment with Duterte   . He also threatened to Duterte   closer to    Russia , a country Trump has also cozied up to . ’ ’    Trump and Duterte spoke earlier this Duterte   by phone . At a UN    Convention Against Corruption conference in Manila this week ,     a    version of    their   quoting Trump as    saying the US and the Philippines " should fix our bad    relations . " ’ ’    " It needs a lot    . .. you know , you just said something good    here , and you’’re doing great , " Duterte quoted Trump as saying . Trump I    know what you’’re . .. you’’re about Americans criticizing you .    You’’re doing good , go ahead . I had this problem in the border of    Mexico and America . " ’ ’    Duterte has ’ ’    Duterte abuses and    extrajudicial killings . ’ ’       also said Trump invited Duterte to visit the US . ’ Trump    " Oh yes , when you come to Washington , DC , or New York City , look    me up and I will have coffee , " Deterte quoted Trump as saying .    " Maybe Trump can give me    suggestion , one or two , how to solve    this goddamn     . " ’      ’ ’    Trump also had words of praise for Trump Prime Minister Nawaz    Sharif . ’ ’    Pakistan’ ’s government   of the call , saying Trump praised Sharif    as a " Trump guy " and called Pakistanis " one of the most    intelligent people . " ’ ’    Sharif apparently called Trump to congratulate him Sharif    winning the Trump White House Sharif    and Trump responded by speaking approvingly of    Trump ’s " very good reputation . " ’ ’    " You are doing very good work which is visible in every way , "    Trump said to Sharif , according Trump Trump . " Sharif    am looking    forward to [ seeing ] you soon . " ’ ’    Sharif and his family were   amid the release of the Panama    Papers , and the embattled prime minister is facing   among the public about his rule . ’ "    Some also the embattled prime minister what Trump ’s praise would mean for US    Trump with India , which has a tense relationship with    Pakistan . " ’    Alyssa Ayres , a senior fellow for India , Pakistan , and South Asia    India the Council on Foreign Relations , said the Pakistani readout    " a level of detail that you normally don’’t see . " But she said    that she recently returned from Alyssa Ayres, a senior fellow for India, Pakistan, and South Asia   at the Council on Foreign Relations and she doesn’’t Alyssa Ayres, a senior fellow for India, Pakistan, and South Asia   at the Council on Foreign Relations think    anybody India India Alyssa Ayres, a senior fellow for India, Pakistan, and South Asia   at the Council on Foreign Relations seriously worrying about this . " India ’    " I’’ve never seen a readout like that , " Ayres told Business    Insider . " Normally you agree on the counters of the readout in    advance . I think you see the fact that Trump is carrying out this    phone call diplomacy without coordinating with the State    Department . " ’ ’    She said Hillary Clinton , the former US Ayres of state and    Democratic nominee for president , " would have been much more    careful about that particular situation . " ’ ’    Ayres speculated that Trump , who has experience dealing with    international businessmen , has gotten used to these kinds of    interactions . ’ ’    " I    Trump he probably having spent an entire career in    international business and in property development and TV and    entertainment , he’ ’s become accustomed to putting a really    positive face forward and providing praise where needed , " she    said . ’ ’   ’ "    Trump also spoke to Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev ,    the former first secretary of the country ’s communist party . " ’ Kazakhstan has become an increasingly authoritarian country ,    Kazakhstan Nazarbayev has been accused of restricting the press and Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev rigging elections . ’ "    The Kazakh    ’s   of Nazarbayev ’s phone Kazakhstan mirrored    Pakistan ’s in Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev , candor , and language . Kazakhstan ’    Kazakhstan The US    brought congratulations to the Head of    State on the 25th anniversary of Kazakhstan’ ’s Independence , " the    press release said . " D. Trump stressed that under the    leadership of Nursultan Nazarbayev our country over the years of    Independence had achieved fantastic success that can be called a    ’’ miracle . ’’ " ’ ’    The release also declared that Trump    and Nazarbayev " declared determination the   press release    friendly    relations D. Trump new level , including    trade and economic partnership . " Trump also reportedly expressed    interest in arranging a meeting with Nazarbayev . ’ D. Trump Nazarbayev    