Latin pop singer Prince Royce sang " Happy Birthday " to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Tuesday during Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton appearance on Univision ’s    talk show El Gordo Y La Flaca . [ Clinton , who turned 69 on Wednesday , was also treated to a performance by a full mariachi band during Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton appearance on the program .   " What gets better than this ? I get Prince Royce to give me a hug , I get a mariachi band to play for me and I get to be here with you guys . It does n’t get any better than this " Clinton said , according to Billboard , in a Facebook Live video that has been deleted .   Prince Royce has guest starred this season on Hulu ’s TV drama East Los High to encourage Hispanic millennials to vote in the upcoming election . After singing " Happy Birthday , " the Latin    singer formally endorsed Clinton ’s candidacy . " I want to motivate everyone to go out and I want Hillary to know that she Hillary my support and that I love her Hillary much , " he Hillary Tuesday . Royce also shared a selfie of himself Hillary Clinton with his Hillary million Twitter followers . Proud to be supporting @HillaryClinton 🇺 🇸 pic . twitter .    —    Prince Royce ( @PrinceRoyce ) October 25 , 2016 ,   Before the end of the show , Clinton Clinton the studio audience about an upcoming free Clinton Clinton concert being held on Saturday at Bayfront Park in Miami , which will be headlined by superstars Marc Anthony and Jennifer Lopez . Last year , Anthony Marc Anthony Clinton Clinton during his Marc Anthony Miami . Lopez Jennifer Lopez currently    a    " Love Trumps Hate " concert series in support of Clinton Clinton . Oddly enough , Clinton was Clinton with an impromptu " Happy Birthday " song by a crowd of supporters in Coconut Creek , Florida earlier this week . Hillary Clinton Clinton after crowd in Coconut Creek bursts Coconut Creek Happy Birthday " ( she turns 69 tomorrow Hillary Clinton’s pic . twitter .    —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) October 25 , 2016 ,     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 