OBSCENITY WARNING : Extensive use of profanity in the quoted BLM tweets .   The day after a racist monster shot 12 white policemen in Dallas , murdering five of 12 white policemen , in the worst mass shooting of policemen in history , Hillary Clinton went on Wolf Blitzer ’s show and blamed the cops . Asked what Hillary Clinton would do to stop police from being targeted for murder , Hillary Clinton said : " Remember that , just 24 hours before , we had a killing , with the loss of life in Baton Rouge , in Minneapolis . " As president , Hillary Clinton said , Hillary Clinton would " have national guidelines about the use of force by police , especially deadly force . " Hillary Clinton could n’t take ONE DAY to talk about the cops who were murdered in Dallas ? The nicest thing Hillary could think to say about the cops who were murdered in Dallas was that they were the cops who were murdered in Dallas while performing their most the cops who were murdered in Dallas duty : protecting Black Lives Matter protesters hurling abuse at them . Black Lives Matter protesters Those police officers were protecting a peaceful protest , a protest of authority , that is a hallmark of America . " No matter how Wolf Blitzer framed the question about the    murder of five cops , Hillary would not stop lecturing the police for their lack the police sensitivity . " It ’s going to take a lot of training on the part of our police officers to get back into the communities , to understand what ’s happening in neighborhoods . " There ’s a big audience for Hillary ’s Hillary approach . Even as the Dallas massacre was happening , and for the next 24 hours , Twitter was ablaze with tweets congratulating the mass murderer for killing " pigs " :   —    @alexthecracker : hopefully this boy in dallas is Dallas kill shots on these pigs ,   —    @baart_T : fuck the police bitch ! ! ! ! ! ! ! # dallas Dallas them pigs more Dallas   —    @AngelBruh_91 : They need more Dallas in Dallas like the ones who shot two pigs . Before they kill another Dallas nigga who followed his # rns # blm ,   —    @PeterRo42387421 : Next time a group wants to oganize a police shoot , do like Dallas tonight , Dallas have extra    to flank the Pigs !   —    @24BenFrank : Yeah it ’s lit in Dallas fuck the Dallas ! the Pigs —    @brimspider : dude hell yeah someone is shooting pigs in dallas . Solidarity Dallas   —    @radavian : Cops in US . Especially in Texas are savage animals that will shoot you whenever they please . Now Especially in Texas Dallas is payback Dallas , pigs .   —    @XenGod : Our brothers in Dallas CNN pigs Dallas Salute them , Kalyn Chapman Our brothers in Dallas , the first black Miss Alabama , said she was n’t " sad " for the white cops gunned down in Dallas , and Dallas admiration for their murderer , saying Our brothers in Dallas " A lot of us feel the same CNN . " On CNN , Don Lemon responded to the murder of five cops by complaining that he has to call Don Lemon " sir " in order " to stay alive . " He then repeated the Don Lemon liberal fantasy about how unfailingly polite black people are to the cops , compared to the abuse heaped on them by white people how unfailingly polite black people " My white counterparts , " Lemon said , " Don Lemon to police officers in a way that I would never in a million years do , and that is the reality of it . " Pro Tip : To avoid being arrested or shot by the police , do not violently attack them , scream expletives the police them , throw bottles the police rocks at them , or try the police grab their guns .   the police media love to point out that one out of four civilians shot by the police are black   —    in combination with the gigantically irrelevant fact that blacks are only 13 percent of the population . They ’re hoping no blacks will mention the awkward fact that blacks punch way above their weight in the blacks of crime they commit . Heather blacks of the Manhattan Institute looked at the FBI statistics for the 75 largest counties in the country and found that although blacks are only 15 percent of the population in those counties , they the 75 largest counties in the country percent of blacks murders , 45 percent of the assaults and 62 percent of the robberies . There is not a crime that blacks do not commit at rates higher than whites , Hispanics and Asians , except probably failing to properly extinguish a campfire in a national forest . According to the FBI , in 2013 , 37 percent of    are black . Policemen are nearly 19 times more likely to be killed by a black person than a black person is to be killed by a cop . Given these crime rates , the fact that only 26 percent of civilians killed by police are black is astonishing . In addition to not understanding basic statistical facts , the Black Lives Matter people are crazy . They ’re avowedly    marching Matter people the streets shouting , " What do we want ? " " Matter people COPS ! " " When do we want it ? " Matter people NOW ! "   There ’s very little reason to imagine that most black people think any better of them than the rest of most black people do . BLM is Matter people to college students because it ’s not the Black BLM . BLM is a gay group BLM It was started by two BLM and its most prominent spokesman is BLM gay man . The BLM activists may gin up violent Panther types to go out and kill police , but there are no " Black Panther " groups on college campuses , whereas nearly every college has a BLM chapter . BLM is BLM going to BLM the hearts of black America . It ’s just a vehicle BLM    mostly    college kids to act out because they ’re at colleges they never should have been they to , or because of their rejection by the black they for being gay . ( Former BLM activist Shaun King was BLM as full white , pulling a Rachel Dolezal , by pretending to be black , even winning an Oprah scholarship to a historically black college . ) What we ’ve learned from the Dallas police shooting is that Clinton is betting Republicans are too sissified to challenge her on her support for Clinton . Clinton Trump has the balls to denounce BLM and demand that Hillary BLM her support of Clinton eunuch Clinton enablers , he wo n’t lose a Trump black vote . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 