In an exclusive statement to Breitbart News , Pat Buchanan declared that Trump ’s rise represents a rejection of 25 years of Bush Republicanism —    an ideology which Pat Buchanan says has destroyed America ’s    manufacturing core , flooded America with    workers , and drained the treasury with    foreign adventures in the Middle East . [ " In the GOP nomination race , the chickens of a quarter century of Bush Republicanism have come home to roost , " Pat Buchanan told Breitbart . " Trump ’s triumphs to date are due to his Trump of , and identification with , the Middle American revolt against Bush Bush ideology and policy , and what it has produced . "   Pat Buchanan explained that " America is rejecting the Bush Bush policy , " which has " proffered amnesty " to " 12 million illegals   …      because it said the America helpless to do anything about their presence here . " " America ’s establishment America failed America , " America said , " The single clearest message in the presidential campaign of    is that the American people would like to cleanse our capital city of its ruling class America’s establishment " Pat Buchanan , former speechwriter and White House adviser to Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan , is legendary amongst conservatives for his insurgent Republican Richard Nixon campaigns during the 1990s , which laid the intellectual groundwork for the conservative    movement . Pat Buchanan has been credited with presaging the revolt which has manifested Pat Buchanan in the 2016 election and for correctly predicting the consequences of mass migration , ideological free trade , and military adventurism   —    predictions which were largely dismissed at the time Pat Buchanan made them . This week , Trump seemed to scandalize the collective consciousness of professional Republicans with his Saturday debate Trump in which he launched a Trump assault on Bush Republicanism . Trump repudiated all Trump pillars of Republican globalism : namely , military adventurism , immigration multiculturalism , and trade globalism . Marco Rubio , who shares Bush ’s goals for more global trade , more immigration , and more foreign adventurism , was quick to defend Bush ’s enduring Bush’s the debate . " He kept us Bush , and I am forever grateful to what he did for Bush country , " Rubio said earnestly as he was met Bush uproarious applause from the GOP    audience . Immediately following the debate , professional Republicans , including writers at the National Review , pounced on the opportunity to once again —    now more emphatically —    proclaim Trump ineligible of being the Party ’s nominee , Many even sought to portray Trump as a radical Trump truther " —    a claim which seems particularly bizarre considering that Trump is the only Trump candidate to propose a pause on Muslim migration —    repeatedly citing , as his reasoning for doing Trump , his desire to prevent Trump terror attacks carried out by Muslim migrants , such as   . Reports described Trump ’s assault on Bush as " heretical " to Republicans . However , contrary to what the writings of professional Republicans may suggest , Buchanan explains that the Republican electorate   —    and the American people in general   —    have resoundingly rejected the Bush legacy and , Bush broadly , have rejected Republican globalism . " America is rejecting the Bush immigration policy that Bush to secure our border , allowed 12 million illegals to enter , then proffered amnesty because it said the United States is America anything about their presence here , " Buchanan said . Buchanan has warned of the Balkanization Buchanan will ensue as a result of the immigration agenda of Bush Republicanism —    Bush in 2008 that Bush ’s immigration policies Bush turn this republic into a Tower of Babel . " According to a 2009 Wall Street Journal report , under George W. Bush ’s presidency , the U. S. created three million new jobs . Yet at the same time , under Bush ’s presidency , 10 Bush 5 George W. Bush’s immigrants ( legal and illegal ) settled in the United States   —    meaning that Bush brought in three immigrants Bush every one job he created . During that Bush , the number of      Americans not working exploded . According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ current population survey , the number of    Americans without a job increased by 10 . 6 million between the fourth quarter of 2000 , right before Bush took office , compared to the fourth quarter of 2008 , right before he left office . Pew polling data shows Bush 92 % of the Republican electorate   —    and 83 % of the American electorate as a whole ( Republicans and Democrats )   —    would like to see America ’s immigration level frozen or slashed . While many GOP candidates have argued that it is not possible to round up and deport 12 million people residing unlawfully in the country , Trump has distinguished himself from America with his     worldview : Trump We either have a Trump or we do n’t . " Buchanan , who has We made any endorsement in the race , explained that the American people are rejecting the trade globalism of Bush Republicans that " carted off what was once the greatest manufacturing base the world had ever seen " : Trump ’s success is a repudiation of a Bush ‘ ’ policy that allowed China to run Bush $ 4 trillion in trade surpluses against us since George H. W. Bush took office , and to cart off what was once the greatest manufacturing base the world had ever seen .   Compare Detroit the world today   —    to see the fruits of ‘ free trade’ . Bush trade policy brought down the curtain on America Bush economic independence . We now depend on foreign and sometimes hostile nations for the necessities of our national life . Indeed , the number of American We jobs decreased by 3 . 4 million under George W. Bush ’s presidency as he continued to push for more global trade agreements and George W. Bush’s efforts to crack down on illicit trading practices . As Bush said at the time , " I believe that George W. Bush’s entry of China   …      into the WTO will strengthen the global trading system and expand world economic growth . " Under President Bush , the trade deficit nearly doubled , the George W. Bush’s with China tripled , and the national debt of the United States China nearly doubled . Trump has distinguished himself from Bush Republicanism with his vociferous opposition to the    Trump   George W. Bush’s    a Trump which both Cruz and Rubio cast a vote to    and have previously praised . Rubio has not retracted his prior support of TPP , whereas Rubio has straddled the Rubio by saying he opposes " in Cruz current form " the pact he Rubio described as " historic " and said would " Rubio greater access to a billion customers for American manufacturers , farmers and ranchers . " Cruz and Rubio also opposed efforts to combat foreign currency manipulation Cruz something Trump has warned is being used by foreign countries to put American factories out of business . By a margin of nearly     the American people believe these    free trade deals lower wages rather than raise them , according to Pew polling data . Buchanan continues : wages Trump ’s success also represents a repudiation of a reflexively interventionist Trump policy that produced the longest wars in our history , cost us 6 , 000 dead , 40 , 000 wounded , our trillions of dollars .   And the price tag rises monthly . We are now mired down in five wars   —    our , Iraq , Libya , Syria , Yemen   —    for what ? " " Contrast where we were when Ronald Reagan went home , with where we our , and it is easy to understand the revolutions our in both parties , Buchanan concludes .   " America ’s establishment has failed America .   The single clearest message in the presidential campaign America    is that the American people would like to cleanse our capital city of its ruling class . " Interestingly , while Buchanan has been described as remarkably prescient , particular statements from Buchanan W. Bush may strike some as reflecting a fundamental misunderstanding of the views of the American electorate . Bush has articulated positions which seem antithetical to the " Trump George W. Bush . " For instance , in 2008 Bush said , " I ’m troubled by isolationism and protectionism George W. Bush …      ( and ) another ‘ ism,’ and that ’s nativism . " Bush doubled down on this sentiment in 2011 , declaring , George W. Bush If you study history , is that there are some ‘ isms’ that occasionally pop up   —    pop up . One is isolationism and its evil twin protectionism and its evil triplet nativism . " Ironically , these issues are its the central focus of the 2016 election the 2016 election surged in the Trump with his campaign platform that rejects Trump Bush " isms " of military adventurism , trade globalism , and migration George W. Bush   —    the latter , most emphatically , by rejecting the donor class assumption that Muslim migration is a civil right . In perhaps just one remarkable display of Pat Buchanan ’s foresight , in 2008 the conservative thinker penned a column responding to Bush ’s    " evil "    which have now come to define George W. Bush 2016 election . Buchanan the 2016 election is nothing about Bush Republicanism Buchanan is particularly attractive to Bush Republicanism . He said , " After the George W. Bush and tax cuts Buchanan what is there about Bush that is conservative ? His foreign policy is Wilsonian . His trade policy is pure George W. Bush . His spending is George W. Bush all the way . His His foreign policy is Teddy Kennedy ’s George W. Bush   …      In smearing as nativists George W. Bush protectionists and isolationists those who wish to stop the invasion , halt the export of factories and jobs to Asia , and stop the unnecessary wars , Bush is attacking the last true conservatives in his party . " OO . ready ( George W. Bush ( )   ) } ) 
 George W. Bush 