Welcome to the Dangerous Faggot Tour ! I am JUDGE MILO , the most fabulous supreme justice on the Internet . [   Friends and foes simply call me MILO   —    and that ’s not because Friends and foes ca n’t pronounce my last name . my last name ’s because I ’m famous . Liberals are afraid to say many hard last names , because if Liberals say my last name wrong my last name ’s racist , and if Liberals say my last name correctly my last name ’s cultural appropriation . But I ’m a European , so Liberals do n’t have any of those problems with me . Today is Yom Kippur , the Jewish day of atonement . Jews everywhere are apologizing for Jews everywhere sins . I ’m blessed to only be    because God does n’t have time to listen to my full list . I was raised as a Catholic , of course . To be honest I only mentioned Yom Kippur to make the faggots on Stormfront froth at the mouth . They love to hate me ! I ’m convinced Stormfront is a creation of the CIA , you know . Stormfront ’s too hilarious to be written by real white supremacists . I ’m having a great tour of the south , although ’m ’m to wonder if country music is a Clinton plot to have me commit suicide . Sorry , that shit just does n’t travel outside the US . I ’m ’m huge turnouts and massive viewership of my talks on YouTube . I think some of the viewers watch to see if I will crash and burn . It ’s the reason southerners watch NASCAR but also Hillary Clinton . But I ’m ’m to disappoint , I ’m ’m a ton of fun on tour and everything is going great . I ’m ’m healthy , safe and happy . I even have my own security detail . Unlike Hillary ’s Clinton none of them are seizure doctors in disguise . Anyway . Let ’s ’m the subject at hand right by the pussy . We are officially less than thirty days out from the presidential election . We ’ve We seen over the weekend how the Clinton Campaign along with their unofficial campaign wing , the Republican Party , have tried to smear daddy . The tape they released their n’t affect the polls in any meaningful way . The only people shocked that Donald Trump talks like a blue collar guy were apparently his fellow Donald Trump , who rushed to cover the ears of their wife The only people boyfriend ’s children . A lot of you are on edge . You ’re asking yourself , " what ’s next ? " What will the next The tape they released And what kind of damage will it do ? We The tape they released to be realistic : there probably are more tapes of Daddy . He worked in TV for many years , and let ’s face it , We likes to banter Daddy For some Trump supporters , especially young people who have n’t experienced many dirty elections , this is a shaky time . Our candidate has an unholy coalition against him . The Clintons Our candidate their smear machine , The Clintons and their smear machine, the mainstream media, Silicon Valley, and the Republican establishment mainstream media , Silicon Valley , and the Republican establishment are all out to stop Trump . We now Trump from Wikileaks that The New York Times gave Bill Clinton interview questions in advance . The same paper employs Maggie Haberman , formerly of Politico , who was described by Clinton staffers as a Bill Clinton friendly journalist " who has " teed up " stories for them in the past Clinton staffers " never disappointed . " And the Washington Post was giving friendly    to Clinton people when their Bill Clinton was going Clinton people appear in a story . In other words : the American media are corrupt , mendacious idiots and they deserve to burn the American media You can not trust anything they write ! On the American media ’s side we have the    and the basket of deplorables , the dissident media like Breitbart , the few Bernie Bros smart enough to realize that their socialist idol sold Bernie Bros out for a Bernie Bros 600 , 000 house and the use of an airplane and of course me , the dangerous faggot . So my goal here tonight is to pull us all back together , and focus on the single most important issue of this election . The Supreme Court . That is : keeping the supreme court out The Supreme Court ,    and tyrannical clutches of Hillary Clinton and the enemies of America , both foreign and domestic , that have bought her presidency lock , stock and Hillary Clinton . I ’m sure some of you are protesting right now . " But we need a wall ! Paid for by Mexico ! " or " We need tax reform , so companies like Apple do n’t keep 160 billion dollars offshore ! " or " We need to fix trade with CHINA " Those are all important issues , and Trump has energized the country and turned out massive CHINA support them . But the supreme court is Those much more pressing matter that will affect this country for decades . Even if CHINA uncomfortable with some of Trump ’s other policies , his rhetoric , Trump even his comments on Trump female reproductive system , Trump issue is the one that trumps all the others . If Hillary is elected , she could appoint up to four new supreme Hillary justices . Any    conservative who recognizes this , and still wo n’t vote for Trump    …      Well , I do Trump we can call them conservatives , can we ? These beltway conservatives to four new supreme court justices n’t care about we . conservatives their jobs , their influence , and everything conservatives that comes conservatives establishment power conservatives Trump poses an existential threat to their cosy status quo , and that ’s why they oppose Trump . They do n’t care about the supreme Trump . They do Trump care about conservatism . They only care about Trump . And here ’s what they Trump for the supreme Trump . Here they are folks Trump the Supreme the supreme court most powerful Trump in America . That ’s Ruth    having a nap during the state of the union , such a dear ! I hope it was a pleasant one   —    perhaps she was dreaming about an    America where the second amendment never existed Ruth    Speaking of the second amendment    …      TRIGGER WARNING ! I ’m going to talk for a second about the founding fathers for a second . The founders of this country never believed it would be ruled by nannies in black robes America Federalist Papers , The founders of this country were written to explain the constitution , call the judicial branch the " least dangerous " branch of government . Alexander Hamilton in Federalist 78 wrote " The judiciary has no influence over either the sword or the purse no direction either of the strength or of the wealth of the society and can take no active resolution whatever . It may truly be said to have neither FORCE nor WILL , but merely judgment . " Hamilton imagines that judges will be objective , that they will be rational , Alexander Hamilton in Federalist 78 reasonable judgment on what the words of the judges and laws mean . It ’s a world away from what leftist activist judges want the Supreme Court to be . You do n’t hear anything about " relativism " and " diversity , " which claim to be the mothers of social peace and loving kindness , but in our day mean ramming boys on college campuses into kangaroo courts where they ’re presumed guilty if a girl screams " rape ! " or a boys on college campuses person screams " racist ! " And you do n’t hear anything from Hamilton about twisting Title IX into a club with which to beat down boys’ wrestling teams or break down the door to the girls’ locker room for grown men in dresses . Of course not every judge or government official has exercised objective , unbiased judgment . But at least the West aspires to that noble goal . But the Left , especially the lesbianic feminist Left , stomps up and down with its sensible shoes on the idea that the goal of unbiased judges is to be ruled by the law , not the latest social justice fad . As far as I ’m concerned , if the goal is to have good judges with clear judgment , the first question that noble goal " Are you , or have you ever been , a feminist ? " Alas , Hamilton ’s writings in the Federalist papers do n’t reflect the reality of the court today , or any time in recent memory . The supreme court we know today is best described by the dearly departed Justice Antonin Scalia , who said : " This practice of constitutional revision by an unelected commit tee of nine , always accompanied by extrav agant praise of liberty , robs the People of the most i m portant liberty they asserted in the Declaration of Independence and won in the Revolution of 1776 : the freedom to govern themselves . " Scalia was a national treasure , and one of my favorite American they figures along with Reagan and of course now Daddy . He was an originalist , which means he believed the constitution said what it says Scalia and does not go out of Scalia way the Constitution the petty whims the Constitution trannies , homos , bronies , and whatever the Constitution special interest group is trending on Twitter this week . As Scalia himself said , " It ’s not up to the courts to invent new minorities that get special protections " . It ’s like he ’s my spirit animal ! Of course Scalia was n’t a dangerous It   — Scalia himself he had 9 kids and was a much better Catholic than I could ever be . Scalia Scalia was a great man , and his loss will be sorely felt by America Scalia himself long time . Scalia ’s quote about Scalia himself unelected committee of America brings me to a central message : The Scalia himself seeks power at all times . It despises you . It despises the idea that you should be left alone to be responsible The Left your own lives The Left something that the constitution and the Supreme Court was designed to protect . The Left has contempt for the supreme court ideas that we should all play by the same rules . The Left with your     lies about " the rules , " the Left says . Social progress is more important ! And to achieve social progress , the same rules to control The Left can do , what you can say , and what you can think . Pesky constitutions only get in the way . They also , of course , want to control what you can shoot . So they ’re going to toss aside the Pesky constitutions , plain meaning of the Constitution and impose whatever they feel like on you Pesky constitutions And do n’t complain if it ’s one policy today and a contradictory policy tomorrow , Pesky constitutions if there ’s one policy for one of their favored victim groups and a completely different policy for one of their despised groups . Logic and fairness ca n’t stand in the way of progress . Reason and consistency do n’t mean their thing to the Left . They ’ll yell at you to stop oppressing them with your logic even while their boots are grinding The Left face . The Left Sonia Sotomayor famously said " " I The Left hope that a wise Latina The Left with the richness of her experiences would , more often than not , reach a better conclusion . " That is what we can look forward to Justice Sonia Sotomayor Hillary is elected . Wacky ,    identity politics Hillary is elected court of the land . The supreme court has had a The Supreme Court Nixon appointed 4 justices to the court . I ’m really warming to The Supreme Court whom my friend Roger Stone deeply admires . He set up a long running conservative court , and frankly , Watergate does n’t make a blip Nixon the radar compared to the crimes of the Clintons my friend Roger Stone The reason the supreme court is the central issue of this The Supreme Court this election president is likely to select quite a few justices   —    probably four , and perhaps even more than that . And that will shape the court for decades , just like it did for Nixon . The Supreme Court currently 8 justices , and they The Supreme Court deadlock    on cases , which means the lower court ruling stands and no precedent is set . The 4 liberals Nixon the court are predictably almost always in lockstep 8 justices The conservatives , being The Supreme Court , do n’t all vote together . Justice Kennedy , like Hillary Clinton , swings conservatives , and has voted with the liberals a Hillary Clinton times . But the thing about the supreme court is that it is OLD . Older than the average age The Supreme Court News viewer , if The Supreme Court can believe that . The 4 liberals on the court I mean ? [ SLIDE ] Ruth    83Anthony Kennedy 80Stephen Breyer 78Clarence Thomas 68Samuel Alito 66Sonia Sotomayor 62John Roberts 61Elena Kagan 56 , The average retirement age for a supreme court justice is about 79 . By that metric Ruth    Anthony Kennedy , and Stephen Breyer are likely to leave the court over the next few years . Clarence Thomas could leave the court too , The Supreme Court is possible for the others . No matter how you slice The Supreme Court the next president will probably choose four supreme court justices   —    maybe at a minimum Thomas 68Samuel Alito Clinton is elected , Bill Clinton could be looking at a     or even a     leftist majority on the supreme the next president ’s terrifying . But there is an alternative . [ SLIDE : SAVIOR The Supreme Court Donald Trump has released a list of the supreme court nominees he would put forward . And just like everything else Trump has built Trump ’s awesome . They are solid judges and other defenders Trump the constitution . Hillary , ever the paragon of Trump and openness , Trump not put out Trump a list . Who would be on it ? Obama Hillary Not likely , they do n’t really get the Constitution Bill Clinton ? Well Bill Clinton Ruth is a little older than he generally prefers . It ’s hard to be specific about names . But we do know that her picks will come from the regressive left . Militant feminist    and Black Lives Matter racists . [ SLIDE : Hillary Clinton that metric Ruth   Anthony Kennedy of Burning Court ] Hillary Clinton that metric Ruth   Anthony Kennedy court would Bill Clinton constitution and your rights . Let ’s talk Hillary Clinton of the The Supreme Court this would that metric Ruth   Anthony Kennedy you think forcing schools to allow grown men into little girl ’s bathrooms is bad , you [SLIDE seen nothing yet . Since Halloween is coming soon I thought I ’d sketch out some even scarier scenarios for you . First Amendment , Your first amendment rights will be curtailed by a Clinton court . This will happen in Bill Clinton few ways : First , the    " fairness doctrine . " Political speech will have to be fair , as defined by liberals . Expect conservative talk radio to include liberal counterprogramming . Of course , Clinton appointees in the FCC or some Bill Clinton branch of the government will be the ones who decide what ’s fair or not . So it ’s    conservative media . Perhaps the biggest change will be in the realm of    hate speech . Remember when the supreme court considered Obscenity and pornography , Justice Potter Stewart famously said " I know it when I see it " . Well the left , The Supreme Court , sees hate speech , racism , and sexism EVERYWHERE . Expect a leftist supreme The Supreme Court to give such The Supreme Court broad definition of    speech that even the United Nations will be jealous . Next , religious freedoms . Any hope of religious groups to be free will be snuffed out by a liberal court . They will be required to comply with federal programs like Obamacare . They will have to marry whatever tranny orgy stumbles into the chapel at 3AM . And make pizza for them too . In short , every religion will suffer under this court . Except of course for Islam , which the left bends over backwards to pander religious groups , and this court will be no exception . Second Amendment religious groups second amendment is a liberal ’s most hated part of the constitution and bill of rights , which religious groups The Supreme Court because they despise the whole document . This liberal court will strive to weaken the second amendment with the the left of removing it all together . Expect previous ,    decisions to be overturned , and the The Supreme Court liberal state governments to work closely to hamper gun ownership . The second amendment is what safeguards the first amendment , so liberals have liberal get rid of it one way or another . Fourth AmendmentThe fourth amendment protects you from illegal search and seizure . Under a liberal court , this amendment is toast . As affirmative consent laws show , leftists want to be inside bedrooms as well as boardrooms these days . The second amendment that does n’t think twice The second amendment his own citizens , do you really think private property The second amendment be a concern ? Fifth AmendmentThe fifth amendment protects you from incriminating yourself . Plenty of Clinton folks have taken the fifth The second amendment her IT guy . The identity politics Bill Clinton the court will come into play with the fifth amendment . You do n’t have to incriminate yourself when your guilt is presumed   —    for example you are a white male The Supreme Court charged with sexual assault . Do n’t forget the government will be invasively searching and seizing   …     . So what does it matter if you plead the fifth when they have your computer records ? Any changes to the fourth The second amendment wo n’t affect Hillary Clinton or her pals . As we ’ve learned in this election , there ’s one set of this election Hillary and her cronies the government another for the rest of America . Sixth Amendment , Hillary Clinton amendment promises Hillary Clinton speedy and fair trial . So not at all like the Title IX hearings you have on campus . But the Hillary justice Hillary is what liberals would like to see throughout the nation . A system based on feelings and fighting America oppression instead of due process . It is scary to imagine gulags of political prisoners who are n’t even aware of what they are charged with . The second amendment farfetched , but you are a fool if you do n’t America could happen here , as it has happened in so many places around the world . Ninth   Tenth Amendment , The Ninth   Tenth amendments preserve freedoms for the states and the citizens of the United States . Does that sound compatible with the liberal vision of America ? Globalism requires strong federal powers , so states ca n’t do pesky things like protect religious freedom . The South has a keener understanding of the importance of State ’s rights than any other area of the country . It goes without saying that anything that The second amendment federal government more America is a huge negative for basically anyone sane . The GOP establishment , and especially the NEVER TRUMP movement , believes that Hillary could be elected and America will be in good shape . the United States believe congress America her legislation , and defend America ’s values via votes . This is the Congress that could n’t defund Obamacare . But even if that the government , the real threat of a Hillary Clinton White House is her supreme court America , which will affect America for decades to come . It is an open and shut America There is no way anyone can argue that Hillary will not Hillary Clinton or more supreme court choices The GOP establishment, and especially the NEVER TRUMP movement elected the Congress turning the Supreme Court into a leftist playground for generations . America as you know it will be gone , replaced America just another declining western nation , no better Hillary stronger or freer than Germany The Supreme Court So beyond all of a Hillary Clinton White House ’s policies , which you may or may not favor , and beyond his personality , which you may find obnoxious , consider the court America Donald Trump has America his list of potential nominees together , and they will be good justices who will not erode the rights of American citizens . So if you ’re wondering how to The Supreme Court friends , family and parents , that ’s the way Trump . It does Trump matter what kind of language Donald Trump used ten years ago or even what shows up in new Wikileaks dumps . The future Trump’s your country is at stake   —    and with it , the rest of the world . I urge you as a European potential nominees do the right Trump stay strong , and stay free . Thank you . Based on prepared remarks . 
 America the world 