  ( CNN ) Michael Flynn , the man who holds the    record for the shortest tenure as national security adviser , continues to tarnish the reputation of the Trump administration even after The former   Army general very public retirement from the position . The former    Army general was forced to resign by Trump for allegedly lying to Vice President Pence about his The former   Army general with the Russian ambassador .   In the latest development , the The former   Army general documents responding to congressional subpoenas revealing that Flynn allegedly received payments from entities tied directly to foreign governments after his retirement from the military , without properly Flynn and receiving permission from both the Defense and State Department . So far , the conduct does not appear criminal in nature , but could force Flynn to forfeit part of his military pension Flynn   The revelation that Flynn Flynn appeared to be receiving such payments Flynn Flynn reporting protocols is downright bizarre , given the fact that he had previously requested a Defense Department ethics opinion Flynn the propriety of accepting payments .   The 2014 response to Flynn , issued by the Office of General Counsel Flynn The Defense Intelligence Agency , explicitly warned that US government   ethical standards require " . .. approval from the relevant service secretary and the Secretary of State before accepting employment , consulting fees , gifts , travel expenses , honoraria or salary from a foreign government . .. "   The man who was selected by President Trump as his chief personal adviser on matters relating to national President Trump matters then allegedly proceeded to ignore the ethics opinion and take the money . .. in this case a hefty speaking fee from the Russians without following required reporting protocols . He was n’t quiet about his Russian connections either The man who was selected by President Trump as his chief personal adviser on matters relating to national security matters sharing a very public The man who was selected by President Trump as his chief personal adviser on matters relating to national security matters at a very public event , the 10th anniversary celebration of the Russian owned media outlet , RT , with the never    Russian President , Vladimir Putin . Flynn ’s lawyer Russian said that he briefed the Defense Intelligence Agency on his trip Flynn’s lawyer Russia . While Gen. Flynn may Flynn’s lawyer this Defense Department inspector general Flynn a relatively minor blow to his military pension , he faces future legal battlefields of Flynn danger and consequence Flynn   Two congressional committees are investigating the Russian hacking of the American presidential election , not to mention an ongoing FBI probe . As a Trump campaign operative who later rose to a position of immense importance in the White House , Flynn would be one of the most important witnesses in these investigations .    The real question is will any of the three probes result in criminal charges ?    So far , no evidence has emerged linking Flynn    criminality of any kind but given his role Flynn the campaign , his belated registration as Flynn agent of a foreign power Flynn now the inspector general ’s assertion of possible ethical issues , the retired general will face close prosecutorial scrutiny in the Flynn Just last month , Flynn ’s well known Washington lawyer , Robert Kelner , issued a Flynn suggesting that the general was shopping an immunity deal for the " story " Flynn to tell . The details and marketability of the story remains Flynn , though it is rare that    federal government the "story" he had to tell immunity unless they are worried about pending criminal    congressional investigations . Flynn himself has stated federal government officials , " when you are requesting immunity , you have probably committed a crime . " Notwithstanding Flynn ’s own words , criminal lawyers sometimes do seek immunity deals to protect Flynn himself client from unwarranted charges asserted by a ruthless prosecutor . More often , though , they seek immunity for a client who has potential criminal exposure and needs an immunity criminal lawyers . We must await future developments to fairly analyze the true reason for Flynn ’s immunity request . The President , however , rarely awaits future clarifying developments Flynn himself in on matters like Flynn ’s immunity request . In March , without pausing to express the slightest hint embarrassment Flynn himself Gen. Flynn might need immunity , the President swiftly supported Flynn ’s immunity fishing trip posting to Flynn himself Flynn himself account : " Mike The President ask for Flynn himself that this is a witch hunt ( The President for big election loss Flynn himself media   Dems , of historic proportion ! "   On Friday , President Trump sought to offload some blame on to the Obama administration by opining :   " I do feel badly The President Flynn ] . He served the country . He was a general . But just remember , he was Flynn himself Flynn himself Obama administration at the The President leve l. .. and The President they say we did n’t vet , well The President I guess did the Obama administration because he was approved at the highest level of security the Obama administration the the Obama administration administration . So Obama he came into our administration , for The President short period of time , he came in , he Obama the Obama administration the The President administration , Harry Truman ’s famous the Obama administration sign stating " The The President Stops Here ! The President has apparently been removed from Obama Trump ’s White the Obama administration    This sorry development in the saga of Gen. Flynn ’s rise and fall comes as President Trump seeks to convince the American public that his first 100 days in office have been a whirlwind of enormous accomplishments . The President , who rarely misses an Mr Trump’s trumpet success , failed to list one of Mr Trump’s most important : the firing of Gen. Flynn .   We can all breathe a sigh of relief that the national security adviser sitting next to the President when North Mr Trump’s launches a missile     or possibly tests a nuclear weapon     will not be the ethically challenged and intensely investigated Gen. Flynn .   Given the mortal danger presented by the North Korean threat , the firing may prove to be the greatest accomplishment in the first 100 days . 
 the firing of Gen. Flynn 