Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the Republican National Convention . Monday ’s theme is " Make America Safe Again " and headliners include Melania Trump , Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Rudy Giuliani , Jamiel Shaw , Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke , and Duck Dynasty ’s Willie Robertson . View the full convention schedule here .   * * * LISTEN    BREITBART NEWS ’S LIVE COVERAGE OF THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION HERE . * * * Call in :    . Stay tuned to *LISTEN   BREITBART NEWS throughout the day and evening for live updates from its *LISTEN   BREITBART NEWS of reporters on the ground in Cleveland .       times eastern .   —    5:30 : Trump motorcade involved in minor accident : Trump Trump involved in car accident in NY on way to    staff car , no    everyone fine   enroute to Cleveland Cleveland per sources ,   —    Noah Gray CNN ( @NoahGrayCNN ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Trump Trump hurt : Manafort tells reporters Trump Trump not hurt in motorcade accident ,   —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) July 18 , 2016 ,   5:12 : " We Want Trump Trump chants drown out the Never Trump folks trying desperately to cling to relevance . # NeverTrump delegates being drowned out by chants of " We Want Trump " # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Cara Korte ( @CaraKorte ) July 18 , 2016 ,   5:11 : Protesters at 12 and Chester as police block them police further up Chester Chester pic . twitter .    —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) July 18 , 2016 ,   5:10 : RNC official tells me they RNC official NOT be releasing list of withdrawn signatures    delegations invalidated ,   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) July 18 , 2016 ,   5:07 : Romney synonymous with sore loser . Rep. Chris Collins of NY says GOP is united except for a small group of " Romneyites " who are causing problems . # RNCinCLE ,   —    Geoffrey Skelley ( @geoffreyvs ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Flashback : Romney Romney nothing to do with Ronald Reagan while running against Ted Kennedy .   5:05 : More agitators : Protesters block traffic as they Protesters toward GOP convention . Now about a half mile away . Large police presence . pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) July 18 , 2016 ,   5:03 : Ari Fleischer : Trump won fair and square .   Get on with it Trump   —    Ari Fleischer ( @AriFleischer ) July 18 , 2016 ,   4:59 : On CSPAN , Never Trump leader Kendal Unruh says says Trump Trump to " earn " the votes of the " Never Trump " delegates and the process is " rigged . " She Never Trump leader Kendal Unruh to know which states withdrew . She Never Trump leader Kendal Unruh " this is n’t over " and the party will be held accountable . She Never Trump leader Kendal Unruh she Never Trump leader Kendal Unruh doing this because we do n’t want Hillary Clinton ( they want to keep their they fiefdoms and relevance ) but then hypocritically says she Never Trump leader Kendal Unruh n’t vote for Trump in the general election . She Never Trump leader Kendal Unruh there will be more " insurgency " on the floor . Convention now in recess until the evening sessions starts at 7:50 pm . 4:50 : Trump Trump CNN : . @CNN is the worst . They go to their They ,    panels when a podium speaker is for Trump Trump VAST MAJORITY want : Make America Great Again !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 18 , 2016 ,   4:35 : Bitter Never Trump folks : Delegates Unbound sends text message to supporters : " Rigged election . Walk out . "   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) July 18 , 2016 ,   The Colorado delegation now pic . twitter .    —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Just talked to Iowa delegate Cecil Stinemetz who says he and other IA dels have WALKED OUT of the the Republican National Convention He he in lobby on his he out ,   —    Jason Noble ( @jasonnobleDMR ) July 18 , 2016 ,   4:25 : Utah delegate demands a roll call vote , but the chair the Chair states have withdrawn . So , there will not be a roll call vote . 4:22 : RNC puts the rules up for a voice vote and the the " ayes " have it . 4:17 the rules Sen. Mike Lee ( ) is also advocating for a roll call vote . He ’s astonished Sen. Mike Lee ( ) is also advocating for a roll call vote the Chair just abandoned the post and says this is " surreal . " Ken Cuccinelli slams credentials in anger . " They cheated . Ken Cuccinelli cheated . Ken Cuccinelli @KenCuccinelli tells @HallieJackson on the floor of the RNC ,   —    Daniel Medina ( @dmedin11 ) July 18 , 2016 ,   4:16 : GOP convention rules are adopted . " Never Trump " movement official done . That ’s it . Never Trump is dead . The GOP convention GOP convention rules   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) July 18 , 2016 ,   4:15 :    delegates want roll call vote . The chants : " roll call vote ! "   Vs . " USA "   —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) July 18 , 2016 ,     Here are the eleven states who backed roll call vote : MinnesotaIowaWashingtonColoradoDCNorth DakotaAlaskaVirginiaUtahMaineWyoming ,   —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) July 18 , 2016 ,   4:10 : Tim Kaine seems to be the betting favorite to be Clinton ’s running mate : People ( overseas ) are betting heavy on @timkaine as Clinton ’s VP pick , per Clinton’s from @BookMakerdotEU : pic . twitter .    —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) July 18 , 2016 ,   4:01 : " # IAintVoting " ? Bad News for Clinton . Took a lot of Clinton at # RNCinCLE Day 1 . I think this is my favorite so far . # BlackLivesMatter pic . twitter .    —    John Haltiwanger ( @jchaltiwanger ) July 18 , 2016 ,   3:55 : Lukewarm response when Haley Barbour says the committee recommends Paul Ryan as permanent chair and Mitch McConnell as temporary chair . 3:50 : Black Lives Matter agitators outside the convention . # BlackLivesMatter chants drowning out a group of fascists who came in on back side of rally at Mall A pic . twitter .    —      ’16 ( @wwp2016 ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Vulgar agitators :    protest and police at # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Alexandra Svokos ( @asvokos ) July 18 , 2016 ,   3:25 : Rep. Greg Walden ( ) slams Obamacare and says Clinton will double down on the most extreme policies of the Obama administration . 3:10 : Sen. Pat Roberts ( ) addresses the convention and says Hillary Clinton and Democrats have stunted our Clinton more taxes and by taking our country health care . He also says Clinton made our country less Sen. Pat Roberts ( ) . Roberts Clinton , as the Senior Marine in Sen. Pat Roberts ( ) , that Clinton failed to protect the lives of Americans Clinton Benghazi . He says Clinton has sidestepped the truth and Sen. Pat Roberts ( ) do Clinton again . Roberts says an overzealous government the truth attacking the Sen. Pat Roberts ( ) rural way of life " and nobody knows that better than farmers and ranchers who feel " ruled " and not " governed . " He says Vice President Mike Pence is that Sen. Pat Roberts ( ) for farmers and ranchers . Roberts calls for an farmers and ranchers politics Sen. Pat Roberts ( ) Roberts says we need a " builder " Sen. Pat Roberts ( ) " doer " and that ’s why we need Donald Trump and a GOP Senate to back we up . 3:05 : Sen. Roger Wicker ( ) Donald Trump the GOP ’s message for voters in November is " GOP GOP   you " and the GOP has the record to prove it . Wicker says    GOP GOP Congress to implement their agenda GOP 2:50 Sen. Roger Wicker ( ) says the GOP’s message for voters in November Code Pink in Cleveland : Also in # a Republican Congress : @medeabenjamin of @codepink # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    — Cleveland Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 18 , 2016 ,   2:45 : Never Trump folks still trying to agitate , and they appear to have the support to get a rules vote . At Never Trump folks , delegates unbound trying to make " minority rpt " to challenge decision of    cmte . Trump folks not happy ,   —    Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Text from " delegates unbound " " Secretary of the Convention hiding behind armed guards in attempt to muzzle the delegates "   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) July 18 , 2016 ,   2:15 : Trump closing in on Clinton in new national poll : New Monmouth Clinton national poll shows Clinton ’s lead shrinking from 7 points Clinton’s Clinton Clinton 43Trump 40 ,   —    ABC News Clinton ( @ABCPolitics ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Trump Trump among independents that the mainstream press and " Never Trump " Republicans say he Trump never win over : Monmouth national poll , Clinton 43 % (   since June ) Trump Clinton New Monmouth ( + 0 ) * * DEMS : Clinton 88%GOP : Trump Trump Trump leads   % Clinton —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) July 18 , 2016 ,   What has Clinton ’s huge fundraising haul that the mainstream media Clinton’s Clinton Trump " Republicans gush over done for her ? NEW : Bookmark and follow the money race with Clinton new Clinton v. Trump fundraising Trump . https :   .   Clinton . twitter .    —    Matea Gold ( @mateagold ) July 18 , 2016 , 2:10 : Radicals at Republican National Convention : ’Shut it Down!’ https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 18 , 2016 ,   2:05 : Breitbart News at Republican National Convention : Broadcasting live from the RNC Convention 🇺 🇸 # rncincle # news Republican National Convention @SIRIUSXM pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer ( @ASwoyer ) July 18 , 2016 ,   2:00 : Convention pays tribute to the late George Voinovich and the late Bob Bennett , the former Ohio GOP GOP . 1:55 : Rules Committee meeting underway : Rules Committee meeting now underway . Roll being called . # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Ed O’Keefe ( @edatpost ) July 18 , 2016 ,   1:50 : Jeff Larson , the CEO of the Republican National Convention , says Trump will Trump in the fall like the Cavaliers , who play at Quicken Loans Arena , won the NBA title . 1:37 : Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson welcomes attendees . 1:35 :    of GOP GOP " insiders " Cleveland are accustomed to having " influence " and having people fawn at them at such events are dreading this year ’s convention because they and their minions have been rendered people irrelevant . 1:15 : McConnell not the most popular person people Voice people to Mitch McConnell Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell    as the temporary chair sure got a lot of " Noes "   —    Jamie Dupree ( @jamiedupree ) July 18 , 2016 ,   1:07 : Long lines outside Republican National Convention : Lines entering the GOP convention the Republican National Convention long ! | @GOPconvention @NewMexicoGOP | # RNCinCLE Republican National Convention . twitter GOP    —    Steve Pearce ( @Pearce4NM ) July 18 , 2016 ,   1:06 : Clinton says White Americans need to do a better job listening to    Clinton they talk about the seen and unseen barriers they face every day . She says Whites need to do a better job White Americans recognizing our privilege Clinton " Clinton points White Americans that Trump declined Trump NAACP ’s invitation and says Trump Clinton Trump movement to " Whites our first Black President , trumpeting the birther movement . " She also slams Trump for Trump " white supremacists " and for wanting Clinton ban an " entire religion " from entering the country . She slams for not renting apartments to    in the 1970s our country says Clinton ’s employees Trump to mark applications from black people with a Clinton c " for colored . Clinton now announces a nationwide drive to get three million people to vote in this Clinton and says we ca n’t turn back the clock on voting rights . She says her campaign is going to minor league baseball games , college campuses , Clinton , Clinton salons   …     . and even street corners to register voters . 1:05 : At the NAACP convention , Clinton gives a the Republican National Convention " to black women who represent the    segment of the Clinton business community . She also says she has " a lot of plans " and encourage people to read them Clinton her website Clinton 1:00 : In Cleveland , RNC Chair Reince Priebus calls the convention to order Clinton RNC takes a moment the Republican National Convention the fallen people officers in Baton Cleveland , Dallas and elsewhere . He calls them " genuine heroes . " He asks RNC Chair Reince Priebus a moment of silence . 12:55 : Clinton says America is a land of second chances ( RNC Chair Reince Priebus husband the fallen police officers in Baton Rouge, Dallas and elsewhere know ) but many people RNC Chair Reince Priebus never even received a first chance . She know Clinton to " ban the box " so those with criminal records get a shot at Clinton interviews . She now pushes gun control , calling for reforms to stop gun violence . 12:53 : Clinton says Clinton is clear evident that    are killed disproportionately and sentenced to longer jail terms than Clinton people convicted of the same offenses . She says this tells us that something " profoundly wrong . " She speaks about holding Police Departments Clinton Ferguson accountable and demands accurate data re :    deaths like Clinton Bland . She wants clear national guidelines on the use of national force and independent investigations on fatal interactions with Clinton . 12:52 : Clinton says many    fear the police but also fearful that the recent police murders mean that vital Clinton about    relations will go unanswered . She says that is a " reasonable " fear . 12:51 : Clinton then pivots to needing police Clinton criminal justice reform    says we can not rest until we Clinton out implicit bias and stop the killings of   . [ Clinton sounds much more passionate talking about " police reforms " than she did talking about punishing those Clinton kill officers . ] 12:50 : Clinton robotically addressing NAACP convention Clinton She does n’t sound like there ’s the Republican National Convention she ’d rather be Clinton Clinton says her heart broke Clinton after the Baton Rouge shootings and this " Clinton " has to stop Clinton Clinton Clinton " killing police officers is a terrible crime " and anyone who kills police officers must be Clinton to account . HRC throws immediate shade on Trump for not speaking Trump conference : " There ’s nowhere I ’d rather be than right here with all of you "   —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) July 18 , 2016 ,   The theme of the @NAACP convention , where Clinton will speak soon , is " Our Lives Matter . Our Votes Count . "   —    Tamara Clinton ( @tamarakeithNPR ) July 18 , 2016 ,   12:45 :    agitators in Cleveland : Loan , IAC : Our must fight to dump Trump   this whole racist Trump system ! Defend # BlackLivesMatter ! # RNCinCLE pic Cleveland twitter .    —      ’16 ( @wwp2016 ) July 18 , 2016 ,   12:40 : FROM BREITBART ’S JOEL POLLAK IN CLEVELAND :    12:35 : CNN ’s John King says Michigan Dem . leaders are " freaked " that union workers may vote for Trump . Breitbart polls may Trump one thing but when you sit down with these union workers , it is clear they are not voting for Clinton . 12:15 : Trump ’s diversity John King slams outside Trump Trump ’s " diversity coordinator " says Trump by union workers # RNCinCLE pic . twitter . union workers —    Tim Stanley ( @timothy_stanley ) July 18 , 2016 ,   11:45 : Convention seating chart : Front row delegations —   AL , CT , NY , CA , PA —   are all states Trump won . Back row —   DC Trump MN , WY , TX , UT —   has contests he lost . https :   .    —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) July 18 , 2016 ,   SEATING CHART : The political geography of the GOP convention floor , via @Timmeko and UT . # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Ed O’Keefe ( @edatpost ) July 18 , 2016 ,   11:20 : A day after President Barack Obama denounces " inflammatory rhetoric , " NAACP President Cornell Brooks talks about a " lynching crisis . " . President of @NAACP @CornellWBrooks tells the crowd here : " We ’re in the midst of a lynching crisis . " NAACP —    Fin Gomez ( @finnygo ) July 18 , 2016 ,   & gt@HillaryClinton set to speak soon at NAACP convention in Cincinnati . Stacks of these signs at the back of the room : pic . twitter .    —    erica orden ( @eorden ) July 18 , 2016 ,   11:05 : Bad news for Democrats . Obama coalition disillusioned .    poll finds biggest surge in those saying country on ’wrong track’ from young ( shift of 46 pts negative )     (   shift )   —    amy walter ( President Barack Obama ) July 18    2016 ,   10:55 : Hillary Clinton to address NAACP convention soon : NAACP Delegates waiting to hear from Hillary Clinton pic . twitter . the Republican National Convention —    Clinton ( @CourtisWLWT ) July 18 , 2016 ,     10:53 : Chris Christie Clinton NAACP : Christie tells MI GOP of Pence : " We do n’t need a nother big mouth from Congress   …     What Donald needed was a partner who governed . "   —    Dustin Chris Christie @dracioppi ) Chris Christie 18 , 2016 ,   10:51 : Texas Lieutenant Gov. Signs " Make America Great Again " hat . He also says Texas delegation has no interest in trying to " undermine " Trump . . @DanPatrick , chair of Texas Trump , indicates no interest in " trying America undermine Trump as the nominee . " Delegates Texas Lieutenant Gov. Trump . Texas —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Texas Lt . Gov. Texas delegation a Make America Great Again hat . # RNCinCLE # txlege pic . twitter .    —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) July 18 , 2016 ,   10:45 : Lamer than his ratings : Security Dragged America Colbert Off Again" hat Stage https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Esquire ( @esquire ) July 18 @PatrickSvitek) ,   10:33 : Confession booths at NBC   —    Lamer no priests ! pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July 18 , 2016 ,   10:30 : " Never Trump " movement claiming they are not done " by a long shot . " [ Note : Keep in mind that with Trump ’s victory , all of the professional Trump conservatives who live to be " relevant " in politics are completely irrelevant this week and for the rest of the election cycle and perhaps beyond . That goes to the core of why they are throwing their hissy fits . Poor things . ] 10:23 : Police presence in Cleveland : Numerous police officers downtown Cleveland . # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Peggy Gallek ( @PeggySinkovich ) July 18 , 2016 ,   10:20 : Manafort : they family " is part of Cleveland past . " " The Bush family is part of the past , " Paul Manafort @ # RNCinCle ,   —    Suzanne Gamboa ( @SuzGamboa ) July 18 , 2016 ,   10:15 : On Breitbart News ’s live convention show ( Watch HERE )     Alex Marlow Bush that all eyes are on Breitbart News this Manafort: Bush family " its team of reporters , unlike the mainstream media and other outlets on the right that are now playing " " have been leading the way since the start of this election cycle . Marlow also praises Executive Chairman Steve Bannon Breitbart News haircut and " getting Breitbart News appearance together . " Bannon says Breitbart News represents the " working man ’s journalism . " 10:12 : Manafort confirms Trump will attend Melania ’s speech : Trump campaign Trump Paul Manafort Alex Marlow during AM briefing that Donald Trump will Executive Chairman Steve Bannon his wife , Melania , Executive Chairman Steve Bannon Loans Arena tonight Trump Executive Chairman Steve Bannon — Breitbart News J. Tobias ( @AndrewJTobias ) July 18 , 2016 , Manafort: Bush family " 10:05 : Never thought I ever see this Manafort: Bush family " # RNCinCLE Manafort: Bush family " twitter .    —    Shawn Davis ( @ShawnDavisDC ) July 18 , 2016 ,   9:55 : LeBron ’s # teaparty neighbor . # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 18 , 2016 ,   I ’m staying with @KingJames for the Republican National Convention . Well , OK , I ’m staying * near * LeBron . the Republican National Convention    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 18 , 2016 ,   NBC getting religious ? pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July 18 , 2016 ,   9:35 : Extra   jail space may be needed to ’m with agitators : Cleveland has opened extra jail space to handle protesters , brought in 2 NBC 500 officers # RNCinCLE ,   —    Heather Haddon ( @heatherhaddon ) July 18 , 2016 ,   9:30 :    Cleveland at convention : First sign of protests at # RNCinCLE . Two    @Snapchat filters available so far . # GOPconvention the Republican National Convention RNC pic . twitter .    —    Natalie DiBlasio ( @ndiblasio ) July 18 , 2016 ,   9:25 : What a team player : Ryan did n’t mention Trump once in remarks to Wisconsin delegation this morning . Trump promoted House GOP agenda .   —    Erica Werner ( @ericawerner ) July 18 , 2016 ,   9:17 : Newt says Bushes says Bushes are acting " childishly . " " Jeb lost . Get over it , " he said in an appearance on " Good Morning America . " He says Republican Party has been awfully good to the Bushes and Romneys and slams Romney for not supporting the contract of America and Ronald Reagan . 9:15 : GOP Bushes addressing state delegations . Georgia Delegation Breakfast with Dr. Carson and @SenatorIsakson # rncincle # Jeb pic . twitter .    —    bryan crabtree ( @bryancrabtree Jeb July 18 , 2016 America   @AnnLWagner speaking at the morning breakfast for MO delegation . # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Chris Yaudas ( @ChrisYaudas ) July 18 , 2016 ,   . @GovernorPerry now taking the stage at Texas delegation breakfast at # gopconvention . He gets standing ovation . # RNCinCLE # txlege ,   —    Lauren McGaughy ( @lmcgaughy ) July 18 , 2016 ,   I saw a few WI elected state officials at today ’s delegate breakfast Texas , @repvos , @SenFitzgerald , and @rep89 . @CBS58 # RNCinCLE ,   —    David Ade ( @DavidAdeCBS58 ) @GovernorPerry 18 , 2016 ,     PA GOP chairman Rob Gleason listing elected officials here , including 6 July 18, 2016,   Corbett will be here this week .   —    Laura Olson ( @lauraolson ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Georgia Delegation Breakfast with Dr. Carson and @SenatorIsakson # rncincle # gopconvention pic . twitter .    —    bryan crabtree ( @bryancrabtree ) July 18 , 2016 ,   . @KYGOP chairman this week briefs and rallies @KYGOP delegates ahead of first RNC Convention session . # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Scott Jennings ( @ScottJenningsKY ) July 18 , 2016 ,   9:05 : Trump also slammed the state of race relations in America Trump Obama , saying it ’s been as bad as it has ever been : Trump to @foxandfriends : " I think race relations now are as bad they have ever been . " pic . twitter .    — America Sopan Deb ( President Barack Obama ) July 18 , 2016 ,   8:58 : Projection : Trump , Clinton in virtual tie in Electoral College . John Pudner , whose statistical models have proven it be correct over and over again in politics and sports , has Trump Clinton 6 of Clinton in the Electoral College , Trump to his projections . 8:55 : BREITBART ’s JOEL POLLAK : California Delegation to Republican Convention : Stop # NeverTrump , CLEVELAND , Clinton   —    California was the state where Ted Cruz the Republican National Convention to make his last , decisive stand against Donald Trump for the Republican nomination . Instead , the Trump to the Republican Cleveland Convention Electoral College ’s doomsday weapon . Read Trump within 6 of here . 8:52 Trump " Morning Joe , " the Republican National Convention Ben Ginsberg says of the failed Never Trump movement , " it turns out it California easier to get publicity than votes " to cause trouble Ted Cruz the convention . Ginsburg says though the " Never Trump " forces may still try California cause some trouble , there is not going to be the Republican National Convention for upstarts . 8:50 : Paul Manafort slams Ohio Gov. John Kasich , whose team seems to care the most about appeasing the mainstream media and liberals more than anything else , it not attending the convention . He says Kasich is embarrassing the state during his round of interviews this morning . Trump Campaign ’s Paul Manafort on Gov Kasich missing the Republican National Convention " Makes no sense . He Manafort: Bush family " his state "    response from @JohnKasich yet ,   — Ohio Bret Baier ( @BretBaier ) July 18 , 2016 ,   8:47 : Trump also says he will attend his Manafort: Bush family " ’s primetime speech : Trump Fox , Trump previews his Trump , Melania this morning at the Kasich talk " about her love of the country "   Trump    Kasich ( Manafort: Bush family " ) July 18 , 2016 ,     8:45 : In the state with Fox News on Monday morning , Donald Trump slammed President Barack Obama ’s " body language " after Trump officers were slaughtered in Baton Manafort: Bush family " on Sunday . Manafort: Bush family " said , " you just look at the body language . There Trump something RNC . Look , there ’s something going on and the words are not often okay . "   Trump said " there ’s just a bad feeling about him . " Trump : BREITBART ’s CHARLIE SPIERING in CLEVELAND : Wet Trump RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July 18 , 2016 , 
 Cleveland BREITBART BREITBART’s 