Is Jeb ! back ? A new poll from Emerson College in New Hampshire   —    the pollsters who actually got it right in Iowa   —    shows Jeb Bush jumping to second in Iowa , behind frontrunner Donald Trump . [ Trump frontrunner Donald Trump in at 31 percent , followed by Jeb ! at 16 percent , Ohio Fruit Ninja John Kasich at 13 percent , Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) at 12 percent , and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) at 11 percent . And according to Emerson , Jeb ! ’s surge has been significant : from 12 percent on Thursday to 19 percent on Saturday to 21 percent on Sunday . All of that comes at Rubio ’s expense   —    he Rubio from 17 percent on Friday to single digits on Sunday Sunday   So , what do each of these candidates need to do to claim victory in New Hampshire ? Donald Trump . Trump Donald Trump not only to win , but to hold true to his Donald Trump percentages . Any significant underperforming will create a narrative of consistent overpolling , which destroys any sense of national momentum . Virtually all polls have Trump Donald Trump 31 percent . He Donald Trump to win , obviously , but he Donald Trump to show no major drop . Ted Cruz . Cruz Ted Cruz in the top three would be a shock and a win , especially if Marco Rubio finishes out of the money . Cruz Ted Cruz set up poorly in Iowa , a    state that has put an end to the candidacies of Rick Santorum and Mike Huckabee , the last two Iowa Iowa . Cruz Ted Cruz in double digits would exhibit an incredible ground game that would make him Ted Cruz top contender for the nomination overall . Marco Marco Rubio Rubio has Marco Rubio most to lose . He came Marco Rubio of Iowa with Iowa , and he was Marco Rubio expected to finish second to Trump in New Hampshire , an    state . His stated Marco Rubio was to finish third in Iowa , Iowa in New Hampshire New Hampshire first in South Carolina . If he finishes Marco Rubio the top three , particularly if it ’s behind two other establishment candidates and Trump , he ’s Marco Rubio serious trouble . Jeb ! Bush . A top three finish for Bush is a Bush , particularly if John Kasich finishes second . A top two is a massive win , and the new narrative . He becomes Marco Bush after Iowa , soaring into South Carolina and then into the south , where he becomes the Bush pick against the unpalatable Trump and the    Cruz . John Kasich . John Kasich needs a John Kasich place finish here to remain in the race . He ’s spent all John Kasich time and effort John Kasich New Hampshire , been hit only mildly , and retains strong popularity ratings . Kasich is the Jon John Kasich of this race   —    and like Huntsman , anything less than a second place finish kills his candidacy outright . John Kasich Christie . Christie is in the Chris Christie boat as Kasich , but could John Kasich third and survive . He ’s spent a Christie is of time in New Hampshire , and New Hampshire has appeal in Christie is northern primary states   —    but right now , he ’s riding low in Christie is polls . If he finishes in single digits Christie is his campaign is over . Christie is Carson . Carson ’s a dead campaign Ben Carson . He fired half his staff Ben Carson week . Ben Carson seems more and more like a campaign dedicated to growing Carson ’s    mailing list Ben Carson Tomorrow could end as many as four candidacies . It wo n’t finish Trump , and it wo n’t finish Cruz It The question will be : who ’s the establishment ’s man left standing ? Ben Shapiro is Senior     of Breitbart News ,     of DailyWire . com , and The New York Times bestselling author , most recently , of the book , The People vs. Barack Obama : The Criminal Case Against The Obama Administration ( Threshold Editions , June 10 , 2014 ) . Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter @benshapiro Ben Shapiro 