During his August 16 speech in West Bend , Wisconsin , Donald Trump stressed that Hillary Clinton is out of touch with the dangers Americans feel in turbulent times because Hillary Clinton   —    as a member of the political class   —    enjoys being surrounded by a security detail   . [ Donald Trump stressed that the security she Donald Trump keeps her Donald Trump to the struggles of    in dangerous   . And because she Donald Trump take her Donald Trump for granted , she Donald Trump no compunction over supporting gun control laws that endanger poor    single moms and others in   .   Gun control endangers these vulnerable citizens by making it more difficult for them these vulnerable citizens the get guns they these vulnerable citizens for   . Trump said , " It Trump easy for Hillary Clinton to turn a blind eye to crime when she Hillary Clinton her Hillary Clinton private security force that , by the way , carries guns . " He Trump referenced the Second Amendment   —    intimating that it applies to every citizen , not just the political class   —    and he Trump , " I believe all Americans   —    not just the powerful   —    are entitled to security . " The importance of an armed citizenry has been a continual theme in Trump ’s campaign . He Trump to the November 13 Paris terror attack by stressing that armed citizens could have prevented the " horror show " that took 130 lives . And during the January 10 , 2016 , airing of Meet the Press , he Trump armed citizens remind bad guys that " bullets go both ways . " In Wisconsin , Trump signaled that Clinton and the political class should not be the only Americans with armed security that can shoot back . Rather ,    parents and single adults who live in fear in       also be able to acquire the guns they parents and single adults who live in fear in    to keep themselves parents and single adults who live in fear in    their parents and single adults who live in fear in    safe . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him AWR Hawkins Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him AWR Hawkins at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 