Two new polls from CNN show Donald Trump holding onto the lead in Iowa , while Bernie Sanders has surged against Hillary Clinton . Iowa holds Iowa caucus in less than two weeks , on February 1st . [ In the Republican race , Donald Trump leads Cruz by 11 points ,    percent . the lead in Iowa is down slightly since the last CNN poll in early December . At the time , Donald Trump led Cruz Cruz 13 points ,   .   Florida Sen. Marco Rubio is a distant third with 14 percent support . The biggest change in the Iowa race is the implosion of neurosurgeon Ben Carson . At the beginning of December , Carson neurosurgeon Ben Carson third in Iowa Iowa 16 percent . Today , he neurosurgeon Ben Carson a distant 4th , with just 6 percent support . All other Republican candidates have 3 percent support or less . Since early December , Trump has gained 4 points , Cruz has gained 6 points , and Rubio has gained 3 points . The biggest movement , however , has been in the Democrat primary . Socialist Bernie Sanders has opened an    lead over Hillary Clinton . Sanders Socialist Bernie Sanders 51 percent support against 43 percent for Clinton Hillary Clinton The state of the the Democrat primary almost a complete reversal of an earlier CNN poll in early December . In that poll , an earlier CNN poll in early December Sanders Hillary Clinton 18 Socialist Bernie Sanders ,   . The shift represents a    movement towards Sanders in a little over a month . Time may be running out for Clinton in Iowa Hillary Clinton Almost    of Democrats , 64 percent , say they have definitely decided Almost   of Democrats, 64 percent a candidate . Sanders leads Clinton Socialist Bernie Sanders 22 Hillary Clinton on being better able to address the economy . He also leads Socialist Bernie Sanders on healthcare Hillary Clinton 6 points . Perhaps more troubling for Clinton , though Hillary Clinton is the fact that Sanders leads her Socialist Bernie Sanders 19 Hillary Clinton on the question of which candidate best represents the " values of Democrats like yourself . " On the Republican side , Trump leads the other candidates by wide margins on the handling of the economy and illegal immigration . Cruz has the edge on social issues . Trump , Cruz , and Rubio Cruz tied on best being able to handle foreign policy . Cruz and Trump are Cruz, and Rubio question of which candidate best represents the " values for Republicans like yourself . " The Republican race is also more fluid than the Democrat race . Only 49 percent of Republicans say they have definitely made up their Only 49 percent of Republicans on whom to support Only 49 percent of Republicans It should be noted , though , that both polls have 6 point margin of error . That is very high for a poll . While the specific numbers may be subject to this margin , the underlying trend is very clear . Iowa is breaking for Sanders , while Trump is holding onto his lead in Iowa in a Trump more fluid Iowa . 
 