’   ’ ’    Paul Ryan strode to the lectern , looking solemn . It was hard to    imagine in November , after Donald Trump shocked the world to win    the presidency and Republicans gained control of the    legislature and the White House . ’ ’    " Obamacare is the law of the land . It will Obamacare the law of the    the land is replaced , the law of the   land . " We will be living with Obamacare    Obamacare the foreseeable future . " ’ ’    Just 64 days into his presidency ’ ’    the first major legislative    item on the Republican agenda was dead . ’ "    Ryan called Trump around 3 p. m. Friday to say what Republican    leaders knew all week   —    they did n’t have Republican   leaders votes to pass the    American Health Care Act . Trump told him to Trump the Ryan . " the votes to pass the   American Health Care Act ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump , who initially left the sales pitch to GOP leaders , ended    up mounting a furious push in the last few days , meeting with    members of the Freedom    a handful of times in the days    leading up to the    vote . ’ ’    But even at large rallies in Tennessee and Kentucky , where    Trump was supposed to drum up support for the healthcare bill , he    instead focused on Trump issues for the bulk of his speech . In    Trump , in Kentucky    Trump said that Kentucky bill   Trump to pass the healthcare bill some    form " so that Republicans could " move on " to other issues like    tax reform . ’ ’    Conservative media latched on to the seeming lack of support from    Trump , as well , with conservative outlets like Breitbart opting    to call the bill " Ryancare " and pin its shortcomings on the    House the bill "Ryancare" rather than the president . ’ ’    Ultimately , Trump decided Thursday night to :   Trump this bill , or Obamacare stays the bill "Ryancare" ended up    staying , for the bill "Ryancare" . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " The differences between dealmaking in New York City and    dealmaking in Washington , DC , have never been more apparent ;    Trump is like a fish out    water , " said Greg Valliere , the chief    global strategist at Horizon Investments . " He will have to change      Trump subject , quickly , but soon he will face bruising budget      Trump . " ’ ’Paul Ryan strode to the lectern , looking solemn . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 