Washington ( CNN ) The Senate confirmed Mike Pompeo , President Donald Trump ’s pick for CIA director , on Monday night . The vote was    in favor of confirmation , with Pompeo picking up some Democratic backing . The only Republican in opposition was Sen. Rand Paul .   The vote was held open longer than normal in an effort to let Senators delayed by the storm in the Northeast reach Washington , but it The vote gaveled closed before Sens . Chris Murphy and Richard Blumenthal could arrive . Vice President Mike Pence swore in Pompeo , a Kansas congressman , after the vote at the White House . " I just want to remind our colleagues that our country continues to face incredible threats , and they our colleagues not hitting the pause button , " Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn , a Texas Republican , said in a statement issued before he voted in support of Pompeo . " The President needs his The President security Cabinet , and particularly his The President Director at his The President , a Cabinet position integral to keeping our country safe . " Pompeo Pompeo view on electronic surveillance and torture drew the ire of some Democrats .   But Sen. Bernie Sanders , a Democratic Socialist from Vermont , cited Pompeo Pompeo for the broad collection of metadata in his vote Sen. Bernie Sanders, a Democratic Socialist from Vermont the CIA nominee . " What we are talking about is the United States government having in many ways more information about us than we may us understand about our own us , " Sanders said . " In many ways , it sounds to me like Sanders are us toward an Orwellian society . " Sen. Ron Wyden , a Oregon Democrat , has been the most vocal opponent of Pompeo ’s nomination and had called for more time to debate the congressman ’s positions . In a deal reached among Senate leaders , Senate Majority Senate Mitch McConnell announced Friday night that the Senate Senate Senate hours for debate on Pompeo ’s Pompeo a vote on confirmation . Torture ? Pompeo drew criticism Pompeo week when he told Congress Pompeo he would consider Pompeo back waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation measures under certain circumstances . In a series of written responses on Wednesday to questions from members of the Senate Intelligence Committee , Pompeo said that Pompeo current permitted interrogation techniques are limited to those in the Army Field Manual , he was open Pompeo making changes to that policy . " If confirmed , I will consult with experts at the Agency and at other organizations in the US government on whether the Army Field Manual uniform application is an impediment to gathering vital intelligence to protect the country , " he wrote . " If experts believed current law was an impediment to gathering vital intelligence to protect the country , I the country to understand such impediments and whether any recommendations were appropriate for changing current law . " During his Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday , however , he had dismissed the idea his he would approve of torture his CIA chief . Pompeo also addressed Russia , China and the Middle East at the hearing , defending the his Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday findings about alleged Moscow hacking during the election even as Trump had suggested that the Intelligence Community ’s determinations of Russian meddling were overblown . Pompeo told the Senate that he Pompeo findings spelled out in Pompeo comprehensive report of the Intelligence Community on the Russian the Intelligence Community this month . " Russian respect to this report in particular , it ’s pretty clear about what took place here , about Russian involvement in efforts to hack information and Russian have an impact on American democracy , " he said in response to questioning . " This was an aggressive action taken by senior leadership inside of Russia . " In his opening remarks , Pompeo listed Russia as he as China as " sophisticated Russia " in the cyber realm , saying " hackers are all taking advantage of this new borderless environment " and " the CIA must continue to be at the forefront of this issue . " Along with Russia , Pompeo said other global threats include Russia ’s Pompeo influence in the Middle East , ISIS ’s grip over major urban areas and the conflict in Syria . " This is the most complicated threat environment the United States has seen in recent memory , " he said . 
 Pompeo 