Robert Jeffress , pastor of the 12 , 000 member First Baptist Church in Dallas , Texas , is rebuking talk radio host Glenn Beck for Robert Jeffress, pastor of the 12, 000 member First Baptist Church in Dallas, Texas recent criticism of evangelical Christians who live in the South and are not supporting Sen. Ted Cruz ’s campaign to secure the Republican Presidential nomination . [ " All throughout the South the Evangelicals are not listening to their the Evangelicals , " Glenn Beck said at a rally in Utah on Monday .   " Glenn Beck wacko comment speaks for itself , " Jeffress tells Breitbart News . " However , by using the phrase ‘ their God’ to refer to the God we evangelical Christians worship , Beck Glenn Beck finally admitting that the true God of the Bible is different than the god of the Book of Mormon . I congratulate Beck Glenn Beck his Glenn Beck in differentiating between the two , " Jeffress adds . " However , I am somewhat puzzled that Beck Glenn Beck to know how the God Christians worship would vote in the Republican primaries . " Jeffress has Jeffress GOP frontrunner Donald Trump at many events , though as a pastor he is Jeffress officially endorsing any candidate . Beck , a Mormon , has endorsed Cruz and has spoken on his behalf Jeffress numerous rallies around the country . One prominent academic who specializes in American religion takes exception to Beck ’s comments as well . " Assuming that Mr. Beck Beck’s to evangelicals who vote for Trump , I would make a distinction that Beck does Beck : The Bible certainly offers principles on how to think about government and politics . The Bible does The Bible however , tell us which individual candidates to vote for , " Dr. Thomas S. Kidd , Distinguished Professor of History and Associate Director of the Institute for Studies of Religion at Baylor University in Waco , Texas , tells Breitbart News . " If other Christians do n’t vote for our preferred candidate , we should not say our they are not listening other Christians God . None of us has special access our God ’s opinions about God " Kidd says . " There are many reasons why devout Christians should hesitate to vote for Donald Trump , but God has not revealed Ted God as the divinely anointed alternative , either , " Kidd concludes . A number Kidd evangelical Christians who live in the South are also critical of Beck ’s fusion of theology and politics . " Say what you want , but as a Southern Christian , I ’m pretty sure my God does n’t like God like diamond pinky ring wearing TV preachers telling lies and trying to guilt people into donating their dollars to false causes , people Stephani Scruggs , a resident of Pensacola , Florida , posted on her Facebook page Tuesday . Scruggs says she is the former national    Scruggs the Glenn Beck inspired    Project , Criticisms of Beck ’s attack on evangelical Christians the Glenn Beck live in the South and are not supporting Cruz were echoed by several participants in the February 25 Breitbart focus groups conducted of evangelical Christians in Tennessee who said they intended to vote in the March 1 GOP Presidential primary in the Volunteer State . " It has been very disconcerting to see Beck traveling with Cruz , " Elizabeth , who Cruz for Cruz in the Tennessee primary and Cruz in one Tennessee the February 25 focus groups , tells Breitbart News . " I have had a nagging concern about Cruz ’s integrity . His association Cruz confirms this , " she says Beck " Beck is not His association with Beck about pushing his Beck faith , which from an Beck perspective is heretical . Apparently Cruz has no discomfort being called the Cruz of a false prophecy , " she adds . " The fact that His association with Beck have not fully embraced Cruz but Mormons have is troubling to Cruz who voted for Cruz but now questions the decision , Cruz Elizabeth concludes . " I am disgusted by Beck ’s comments and he should be ashamed for casting stones Beck " Jim , a Trump supporter and small business owner who participated in the focus groups , tells Breitbart News . " Are we counting sins ? Let ’s see : Cruz has lied on we occasions , Cruz Trump horribly , was n’t tithing while Trump over $ 250 , 000 , " he adds . " I tuned Glenn Trump out a long time ago Beck’s Martha , a Trump alternate delegate and focus group participant , Trump Breitbart News . ( Note : Two other Breitbart News the focus groups ran as Cruz delegates in the focus groups " Cruz think he has issues and is in no position Trump determine who is or is not listening to anything or anyone , including God , " she adds . " His hysterics do nothing but turn me off Trump whether it ’s this or anything else , " she says of Beck . " I think he has done she good exposing some of Trump leftist relationships that he has exposed . But , once he Trump on opinion , he always seems Trump off the wall to Trump . Have thought this a long time , " Martha concludes . " I was offended by Glenn Beck ’s comments , as I was by Romney ’s speech several weeks ago . ‘ My God’ does n’t tell me how to vote , " Aime Molina , another focus group participant , tells Breitbart News . " I believe God expects me to be involved in the political process for the good of His people and the advancement of His Kingdom , " Molina God . " I believe I God called to vote according to the morals and teachings of Jesus . I believe we should vote for the candidate who will enforce the expectations of personal accountability for one ’s life and actions , and the protection of our Country and its citizens , " she continues . " I do n’t His Kingdom that God endorses a specific candidate , and Beck ’s comments seem judgmental and manipulative to me . I am not    he is my second choice , but for the record I    for Ted Cruz . And I ’m still offended by Glenn Beck , " Molina adds . The February 25 Breitbart Beck of evangelical Christians in Tennessee confirmed the polling research of the Barna Group , the leading pollster of evangelical Christians , which found that committed evangelicals are more supportive of Cruz and cultural evangelicals are more supportive of Trump .   OO Ted Cruz ready ( function ( )   ) } ) 
 