  ( CNN ) Charles Murray came to the campus of Middlebury College ( where I ’ve taught for more than 30 years ) on Thursday , and Charles Murray appearance provoked protests that went beyond anything seen here since the 1960s .    All hell broke loose , as hundreds of students turned hundreds of students backs on Charles Murray , a political scientist with controversial views , and began to chant : " Who is the enemy ? White supremacy ! " and " Racist , sexist ,    Charles Murray , go away ! " Unable to deliver his talk , the speaker was spirited to another location , where his engaged in a discussion moderated by a member of the government department . On their way to a waiting car , Murray and the professor escorting his were confronted by protesters . Pushing and shoving quickly degenerated into outright violence , and the professor who moderated the event , Allison Stanger , was injured and taken to a hospital . ( She is a good friend of mine , and is , thankfully , OK . )   Murray is , of course ,    of the 1994 book " The Bell Curve "     a contentious and largely discredited study of intelligence and its variations within American society .   Writing in The New Yorker , Stephen Jay Gould     the late Harvard evolutionary biologist     wrote that the argument in this book about intelligence and racial difference is " as old as the study of race , and is most surely fallacious . "    After nearly 25 years , Murray ’s thesis holds very little water , although Murray’s thesis remains a hero of sorts among some commentators on the right .   Needless to say , Murray’s thesis is not much liked on the left .    Indeed , the Southern Poverty Law Center lambastes Murray for using " misleading statistics to argue that social inequality is caused by the genetic inferiority of black and Latino communities , women and the poor . " social inequality is caused by the genetic inferiority of black and Latino communities, women and the poor quote Murray’s thesis in various contexts , and it ’s not pleasant reading . Despite all of this , Murray does not seem a likely target for protests of the kind that happened at Middlebury . Murray was , in effect , brought out of cold storage for this talk , a relic of the era when the debate over political correctness first began to boil in the   ’90s . A student group had invited Murray , and ( wisely ) the government department at the college decided to    the event .    Two large questions , for me , arise . First , why were the students so upset ? And then , why did the students behave so badly ? I spend most of my weekdays in conversation with students , and I know students ’re upset by the election of a bigoted man to the White House , someone who consistently derided Mexicans ( among others ) during a bigoted man run for the presidency . That a bigoted man is a    serial assaulter of women remains a point of agitation for many , even if a bigoted man insists a bigoted man account of this behavior was just    talk . a bigoted man bullying tactics with anyone who opposes a bigoted man or a bigoted man ideas have rattled students , who see a bigoted man as the antithesis of what people in the " academic village " consider appropriate in presidential behavior .   At Middlebury , like elsewhere on campuses , many students are extremely conscious of assaults to the environment , and     to many students Trump represents a huge threat , someone who can undo years of progress . You get the idea . They have a lot to upset them They But I was nonetheless startled by their They behavior , their They even to hear Charles Murray speak . One can perhaps excuse the students on grounds of immaturity . But that ’s not good enough . They They learn to listen , learn how to object in a proper ,    way to arguments that seem , after consideration , wrong , even repugnant . It is especially important in the Trump era that we do n’t allow bullying tactics to color the tone of discussions . There are ways to talk about important things and appropriate ways to protest . And some forms of protest only provoke thoughtless reactions and bad feelings .    Students , and their elders as well , must not lose sight of these distinctions . 
 