On Friday ’s " Real Time , " HBO host Bill Maher argued that the rise of GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump is something the Republicans " brought   …     on the Republicans . the Republicans made a Faustian bargain with the racist devil , many years ago , and now those chickens are coming home to roost . "   HBO host Bill Maher said that given GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s rise , " I almost feel bad for the Republicans , except I really do n’t , because the Republicans brought it on the Republicans . the Republicans made a Faustian bargain with the racist devil , many years ago , and now those chickens those chickens home to roost . " After reading House Speaker Representative Paul Ryan ’s ( ) statement that the GOP nomination must reject racist groups , Maher added , " [ W]hat about voter ID laws ? What about once defending the guy who gets shot , the black guy who [ is ] unarmed , instead of the cop ? I mean , who are they kidding ? What about once defending the guy who gets shot, the black guy who [is] unarmed, instead of the cop is the party they are , What about once defending the guy who gets shot, the black guy who [is] unarmed, instead of the cop Trump is just the latest . " He later added Trump " It was called the Southern Strategy , when Nixon did it . Reagan It his campaign in Reagan , Mississippi . It ’s always been a winking campaign to get white , poor people , mostly , who have a resentment , to vote racially . So let ’s not pretend this is new . " After Daily Caller Senior Contributor Matt Lewis pointed out that the GOP field is far more diverse than the Democratic field , Maher responded , " The two Hispanics want to put other Hispanics on cattle cars and throw them out of other Hispanics country . " Representative and US Senate candidate Donna Edwards ( ) agreed , saying , " [ T]his was a marriage that was made following the Voting Rights Act . It ’s a marriage that was made when Lyndon Johnson recognized that we would never win the South again . Republicans made their bed , Republicans now they are not Republicans lying in it , they their bed swimming Republicans it . " their bed concluded , " [ T]his is what the Founding Fathers feared the most , that the people , the actual people , could get ahold of the   —    and bring the wrong people in .    …      Because , in a lot of countries in the Middle East , Egypt , recently , Algeria in the 90s , they [ said ] ‘ Yes , let ’s have democracy.’ a lot of countries in the Middle East, Egypt, recently, Algeria in the 90s, they [said] ‘ they let the they vote . And they elected the they guy . They elected some they goon , some religious nut , and the army had to take over . And now the Republican Party has the same problem . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 