   website Snopes has turned a reputation as the internet ’s gold standard in    and    into that of an email promising money from Bill Gates by playing presidential politics   —    and of course they did this by attacking Breitbart . [ As my most dedicated fans will be aware , I ’ve previously written about how terrible birth control is for women . I stand by this and believe that the pill , together with the washing machine , has contributed towards women ’s increasing level of unhappiness in recent years . Now in my original article I may have said something along the lines of , " Your birth control injection will add on pounds that will prevent the injection you really want   —    of man meat . "   Sometimes I ca n’t help how witty and hilarious I am , but others often do n’t appreciate my playful nature and sophisticated sense of humour . Like many prophets , such as the Delphic Oracle or Jesus , I ’m not fully appreciated in my time .   CNN talking head and    pundit Maria Cardona falsely attributed the line from my article to Breitbart ’s former Executive Chairman , Steve Bannon , who recently joined Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign . This of course was done on purpose to try and paint Bannon in a negative light . As usual , when leftists ca n’t find any actual dirt on someone leftists have to create it out of thin air .   So why did the popular    website Snopes give a " mixed truth " rating to a clear lie ? leftists argue that because " Bannon was the Executive Chairman of Breitbart when the web site published an article asserting that birth control made women fat and prevented them women getting " man meat " injections , " this is enough to award Cardona ’s statement " mixed truth . "   But , as the Snopes article acknowledges , Bannon did not write the the Snopes article He never Bannon it either the Snopes article —    it ’s the Snopes article to suggest a media executive is responsible for individual lines in stories . Snopes’ verdict should have been " completely false , " not " mixed truth . " It was quite simply a false attribution .   Then again , Snopes   —    once the gold standard of internet     —    has been drifting towards political partisanship for a while now . In a piece about Khizr Khan ’s financial ties to Hillary Clinton , they referred to us as " the unreliable Breitbart . "   The article attempts to defend Khan from Khizr Khan’s that he is Khizr Khan’s deeply connected " to the Clintons , claiming ( incorrectly ) that his law Khizr Khan’s ’s connection to Saudi Arabia , a Clinton Foundation donor , was the only connection . It ignores The article deeper connection , between Khan ’s Khizr Khan’s Topaz and the Clintons , the Clintons Topaz regularly provided tax advice .   These attempts to alter the truth or " correct the record " are a common leftist tactic   —    the liberal bias at PolitiFact , for example , is   .   But Snopes had , at least until now , avoided such obvious bias .   Snopes began life in    form , in the early era of the web , with a focus on debunking urban legends and conspiracy theories . It quickly grew to become the    " debunking " site on the web . But the web looks like they ’ve It that distinctive track record to become another boring leftist " . " Since Bannon began working with the Trump campaign , virtually every major leftist news source has published hit pieces on Bannon and Breitbart . Hillary Bannon herself hilariously read out the Hillary Clinton of some of my own articles . I still consider Clinton saying " Would you Hillary Clinton your child had feminism or cancer " on national television to be one of the highlights of my career .   The Hill published a piece the other day falsely claiming that Bannon had fired a disabled Bannon on maternity leave . What they did n’t mention was that the woman ’s job was in a department that was cut from the company in its entirety . Her medical the company or pregnancy the woman’s nothing to do with the decision to remove a failing part of the company .   These the company overblown attacks prove one thing : that the left is afraid . Breitbart , and the brand of    politics represented by Trump and Bannon pose a serious threat to the    cultural consensus . That ’s why they must resort to lies , Trump and Bannon and falsehoods in an attempt to destroy us . Of course they will fail . We ’re Trump and Bannon , stronger , and the nimblest of navigators . As things stand , websites like Snopes that are willing to sell out their    reputations to advance personal websites like Snopes that are willing to sell out their   reputations to advance personal political prejudices prejudices have a rapidly shortening shelf life .   Just remember , when Daddy Trump takes office he wo n’t vow to destroy Daddy Trump news organizations as free    Hillary Clinton has . He ’ll simply allow organizations like Daddy Trump to continue telling the truth , and let audiences vote with their feet . So to Snopes organizations like Breitbart CNN , and other leftist propaganda outlets ( not to mention establishment GOP shops ) I say this : enjoy it while it lasts , because this ’re this for you . Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Friday on The Milo Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 