Washington ( CNN ) If President Donald Trump did indeed reveal highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister and Russian ambassador , many lawmakers said President Donald Trump actions are irresponsible and potentially dangerous . But were many lawmakers illegal ?   " This ( what President Donald Trump did ) is worse than criminal , " Alan Dershowitz , Harvard Law Professor Emeritus , said on " Erin Burnett OutFront " on Monday . But , President Donald Trump added : " It ’s not criminal . "   Here ’s why . The powers granted to the President give the President the authority to determine if it is in the nation ’s interest to declassify something .   In this instance , President Donald Trump reportedly told Russian officials details about how ISIS hopes to use laptop computers as bombs on planes , along with additional details . This is n’t the first time President Donald Trump has shared information .   In March , President Donald Trump made headlines after alleging that the Central Intelligence Agency was hacked during President Barack Obama ’s time in the White House . President Donald Trump told Fox News at the time : " I just want people to know : the CIA was hacked and a lot of things taken . That was during the President Barack Obama years . " The many paths from President Donald Trump to RussiaIn response , Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , said this was an "   " remark made as a " cheap shot at the president predecessor . " However , Schiff noted , the president has the power to declassify intelligence merely by stating it publicly .   " For anyone else to do what the president may have done would constitute what he the president as ’leaks,’ " the California Democrat told CNN in March . Some Republicans are defending the the president citing his authority the president   " The minute the President the president it to someone , he has the the president to declassify anything at any time without any process , " Sen. Jim Risch , an Idaho Republican , told reporters Monday . Has this kind of thing happened before ? As CNN contributor Tim Naftali noted in a column in January , presidents have revealed intelligence and other highly sensitive sources " on rare occasions when they believe it presidents be necessary . " President Richard Nixon did it in April it     after the downing of a US reconnaissance plane off the coast of North Korea , Nixon appeared to President Richard Nixon that the US could intercept North Korean radar signals .   In April 1986 , President Ronald Reagan implied that the US had the US ciphers after disclosing that the US could read the US government messages .   Libyan 2012 , some     including former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates     slammed Obama over the leaks surrounding the raid that killed Osama bin Laden . Why the latest White House crisis is a really big dealHowever , revealing information in a private meeting with a foreign official may be unprecedented . " The only time I ’ve seen something declassified in this fashion is an impromptu and    comment publicly , as in a speech or interview , " said John Kirby , CNN ’s Kirby the result of a private , official meeting . " Also uncommon : A president doing something like this without serious deliberation with other government officials . " It ’s rare that a president inadvertently makes public classified information , but this he did , it could then be considered declassified , " Kirby said a president " Even this , however , there is typically an    discussion about that . It ’s not like a magic wand is waved and it becomes thus this " Will there be any legal repercussions ?   a magic wand necessarily . Dershowitz said Trump is facing   " the most serious charge ever made against a sitting president . " However , the defense attorney said that does n’t mean it will lead to any action . The President is able to declassify information , and because of that , Trump would be " safe from criminal investigation " and " probably safe Trump impeachment , " Dershowitz added . 
 Dershowitz 