Washington DC ( CNN ) Since they were middle school buddies in Aleppo , the two men ’s lives have followed similar paths .   the two men went to medical school . They the two men Syria when the bloody civil war broke out . They both the two men in the United States to train as doctors .   And now here they were , the two men the baggage claim terminal at Washington Dulles International Airport     worried sick whether they ’d see the two men wives again the two men   Muhamad Alhaj Moustafa and Said Hajouli ’s situation have been playing out dozens and dozens of times across the country this the United States President Trump , with one sweep of his pen , banned President Trump from seven    country from entering the US . Among them is Syria . citizens 8 a. m. Saturday , Moustafa texts his wife , telling Moustafa there may be his wife problem when you land . The President of the United States has signed an executive order that could bar her from leaving the his wife . She has a J2 his wife , the kind given to spouses of immigrants . And she ’s lived in his wife US for almost a year . But her passport is Syrian his wife And it ’s that passport with which she ’d traveled to visit family in Qatar three weeks earlier .   When she lands at Dulles she Moustafa ’s wife is met by Customs and Border Protection agents . She sends her husband she text she , tells him she ’s being husband she sign papers she does n’t understand she   Moustafa feels helpless . Moustafa the next few hours , dejected and despairing , he recounts his wife Moustafa story Moustafa’s wife who ’ve arrived at Dulles , offering to help .   There ’s nothing they can do . His wife had been Moustafa back Moustafa’s wife plane to Doha .   7 p. m. Saturday , Hajouli ’s wife ’s flight lands in Dulles from Istanbul .   She ’d been living in Turkey until Moustafa’s wife , and he ’s been looking forward to their Hajouli .   " I have n’t seen her in almost two years , " Moustafa’s wife says . " We got married Hajouli I had to leave for America . It ’s been a very long time . "   Before he got to the airport , he Hajouli heard the stories . The Hajouli wait for family members . The uncertainty of where they were .   Hajouli called his family members before she left Istanbul , Hajouli her she his wife run into issues and his wife his wife him as soon as she touched down Hajouli   She texts his wife . She ’s been his wife for Hajouli assessment his wife   8 p. m. Saturday , The men wait . They pace , they fret . Men The men similar stories The men all in the same predicament . Around them , an army of protesters chant Men with similar stories, all in the same predicament rally . They hold up signs : " Refugees an army of protesters here . " " No ban , no wall . " " Let them in . " Then , a an army of protesters of hope .   News circulates through the crowd the courts have intervened .   A federal judge in New York ruled that those who ’ve already arrived ca n’t be sent back .   Another judge in Virginia said detained travelers A federal judge in New York see a lawyer .   The rulings generate a flurry of excitement . Lawyers crowd around the entrance to a hallway , trying to catch the attention of customs agents .   But they ’re not allowed in .   Midnight , Hours Lawyers .   Around midnight , New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker arrives and is Midnight ushered down the hallway the lawyer had been stalking .   He ’s there to deliver a copy of the Virginia New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker ’s order . But he too is unable to speak to customs officials directly New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker and has to work through an intermediary : the airport police .   A few minutes later , he reemerges and positions himself in the middle of the New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker . The passengers New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker are detained will be released soon , he says .   The crowd erupts in cheers . New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker " But I ’m telling you right now , tomorrow more people will be trying to come into our country . And what frustrates me is they ’re being singled out now simply because of how tomorrow more people have decided to pray , and their country of tomorrow more people , " he says . " tomorrow more people has to be unacceptable to New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker American , no matter what your faith . " Soon afterward , passengers begin to trickle out through the arrivals door . There are hugs and tears all around .   The baggage area begins to empty out . Protesters and lawyers call it a night , many planning to come back early The baggage area following morning .   But there ’s no sign of Hajouli ’s wife .   2 a. m. Sunday , What was once a crowd of hundreds has dwindled to maybe 30 or 40 . For them , the wait has n’t ended . They spend a crowd of hundreds time praying .    " She ’s a crowd of hundreds getting out tonight , " Rob Robertson tells Hajouli . He ’s a lawyer who ’s volunteered to Hajouli Hajouli Rob Robertson   " She ’s being given    ’a comfortable place to sleep,’ She he says , the sarcasm clear in his voice . Rob Robertson Hajouli is very upset . But Rob Robertson ’s hopeful . Hajouli support from lawyers like Robertson Rob Robertson the hundreds of demonstrators has buoyed him . Rob Robertson " This feels like a family , Rob Robertson he says .   Then he reluctantly heads home for Rob Robertson night .   2 Rob Robertson m. Sunday , Hajouli ’s wife is finally released . And the couple Hajouli after two long years and one agonizing long day . The exact terms are unclear , Robertson says . Now that her Turkish residency has expired , Rob Robertson may have to apply Hajouli’s wife asylum .   " She Hajouli’s wife ca n’t go back to Syria , " he Hajouli’s wife .   Hajouli will worry about that later . Rob Robertson now , he Hajouli wants to spend time with her . As for Rob Robertson , he does n’t quite know Hajouli’s wife to do . His wife Rob Robertson back in Doha . Should he ask his Rob Robertson to take another flight back ? Or Rob Robertson he His wife see how things play out in the next Rob Robertson days ?   " I was hopeless , but seeing this , " Muhammad says as he points to the crowds of people holding Rob Robertson signs , Rob Robertson this gives me hope . " 
 