  ( CNN ) Kellyanne Conway , top adviser to President Donald Trump , apologized to Kellyanne Conway, top adviser to President Donald Trump Thursday after her comments about Ivanka Trump ’s clothing line during a TV interview ,   a senior administration official told  (CNN) . President Donald Trump expressed to her her that meeting that he President Donald Trump her her " completely , " the a senior administration official . The official a senior administration official that the President Donald Trump hated " the word " counseled "      as was used by press secretary Sean Spicer in the White House briefing Thursday in reference to the White House response to Conway ’s comments .   Conway tweeted Friday that Conway had the President Conway support . " POTUS supports me , and millions of Americans support him   his agenda the President’s " the President’s tweeted , with Conway link to an Associated Press news story about the President ’s backing the President’s of the criticism for her comments .   Conway , in a Conway News interview , urged viewers Thursday to " go buy Ivanka ’s stuff " after Nordstrom and other stores said recently that they were changing their relationship with the first daughter they clothing line because of poor sales . " Go buy Ivanka ’s stuff , is what Ivanka’s tell you , " Conway said . " Conway ’s a wonderful line . I own some of it . I fully     I ’m It to just , I ’m going to give a free commercial here : Go buy it today , everybody . You can It it online . " The comments could It afoul of a federal law that bars public employees from making an " endorsement of any product , service or enterprise , or for the private gain of friends , relatives , or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity . " Both Republicans and Democrats criticized the White House for Conway ’s comment . Representative Elijah Cummings , a Democrat , and Jason Chaffetz , Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee ,    a letter to the Office of Government Ethics Thursday , asking the government agency to investigate Conway ’s comments . Because Trump is Conway’s authority on reprimanding Conway , the letter said , " we request that Representative Elijah Cummings, a Democrat, and Jason Chaffetz, Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee,   a letter to the Office of Government Ethics Thursday, asking the government agency to investigate Conway’s comments authority Congress granted to you . .. to ’recommend to [ Trump ] the appropriate disciplinary action be brought against Trump Conway . White House Press Secretary Conway Conway reporters on Thursday that Conway was " counseled " on the comment Conway but declined to elaborate on what that meant . " That ’s it , " Spicer said . An official told CNN after the comment White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer The White House counsel ’s office talked to Conway on Thursday morning , not long after Conway appearance . The counsel ’s office informed Conway that what she said The White House counsel’s office Conway  
 