’   ’ "    Republicans have a message for Donald Trump : If you ’re going to    lose , do n’t drag down other Republicans with you . " "    In an interview with CNN on Thursday , Sen. Lindsey Graham chided    Trump for Sen. Lindsey Graham recent decision not to endorse House Speaker Paul    Ryan and Sen. John McCain in House Speaker Paul   Ryan and Sen. John McCain primary battles with    Republican challengers , noting   Trump sinking poll numbers    following the Democratic National Convention . " ’    " If you really focused on Hillary Clinton’ ’s weaknesses and the    Obama economy’ ’s weaknesses , you could change these numbers , "    Graham said . " That means you have to focus on your opponent . And    your your opponent not John McCain or Paul Ryan or Kelly Ayotte .    Your    your opponent . " ’ ’    For months , Democrats have   to tie Trump to other candidates running      from Trump in House Trump Senate races . ’ ’   ’ ’’ ’    For their part , many major Republican donors like Charles and    David Koch have chosen to sit out the presidential race , instead    focusing their energies on many major Republican donors like Charles and   David Koch Senate and House Senate majorities House ’ ’   ’ ’    McGinty appeared to gain a slight edge this week over incumbent    Republican Sen. Pat Toomey . ’ ’    Evan Siegfried , author of " , " told Business Insider that he’ ’s not    surprised if Trump’ ’s slew of controversies are sticking to    Republicans , particularly those who have endorsed the    presidential nominee . ’ ’    " Somebody who isn’’t paying attention to the intricacies of every    single candidate isn’’t seeing that somebody like Ben Sasse is    different than a Donald Trump , they’’re seeing that Donald Trump    is the leader of that party , and therefore they must believe that party    too , because it falls under    particular brand , " Siegfried    said . ’ ’    Siegfried predicted that Siegfried Trump keeps up Donald Trump    controversial    Siegfried about veterans and other member of the party , that party candidates could shift their messaging toward opposing GOP   candidates Hillary    Clinton presidency . ’ ’    " You’’re going to see a lot of Republicans shift the tone of their    ads , Republicans he said . " You’’re they might not be Republicans out and      or slamming Trump , they’’re certainly going to be    saying ’’ You’’re going to need me to fight against Hillary    Clinton . ’’ " ’ "    Still , some Democrats caution against getting optimistic too    early . A lack of public polling makes it difficult to predict    whether Trump ’s poor performance Trump, have a concrete impact on    the race , and   " ’    " People wo n’t really start tuning in in any definitive way to    these races until a couple or three weeks out , " McGinty told    Business Insider during an interview on Wednesday . " I certainly    am intending to   —    and will   —    be out there every day between now    and November 8    fighting for every single vote . " ’ "    But when a poll released a day later found the Democratic senate    candidate with a    lead over Toomey , the McGinty campaign    was quick to link the senator ’s drop in the polls to Trump ’s    deficit in Pennsylvania . " ’    " The campaign season hasn’’t even really started , and Pennsylvania    is already Pennsylvania , loudly and clearly , that the      ticket is completely unacceptable , " McGinty Communications    Director Sean Coit said . ’ ’    " It probably doesn’’t help that Donald Trump , just Trump’s   deficit in Pennsylvania last    week , said that Pennsylvania is ’’ rusting and Pennsylvania    ’’ and that    Harrisburg looks like a ’’ war zone . ’’ That’ ’s the guy Pat Toomey    wants to be our president , so his poll numbers are just the guy Pat Toomey    to    get worse . " ’ 
 