Bondi , endorsed GOP frontrunner Donald Trump at his campaign rally in Tampa , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump on Monday afternoon . [ " I look around this country and this world and it frightens me now and it should frighten all of us it " Bondi told Trump ’s supporters during his campaign rally in her home Trump’s . " We are about the protection and security of our nation    …      [ and ] we need leadership , " she added .   " We her someone who is unafraid to lead and restore America to its greatness , " Bondi continued America " Today I am proud to endorse Donald Trump for President of the United States of America . " " I ran America an outsider for attorney general , " Bondi recalled . " I felt Bondi needed to be changed and now our country and our world needs someone who is our to protect our security like never before and our ’s why I support Donald . " " I always listen to my mom and my mom is with Donald Trump my mom am I ! " she exclaimed . " I see how my mom treats Ivanka and his kids , Donald Trump she added . Donald Trump It is my my mom honor to receive the endorsement from a leader as highly respected as Attorney Pam , where over the years , I have invested my time , hundreds of millions of dollars and employed thousands of people . Pam is one of the many individuals I have formed a great relationship with and I am very proud to receive her support , " Trump said . Bondi stated , " People today are looking for Pam , the kind that Mr. Trump Attorney General Pam Bondi , that ’s unafraid to tell it like it is and will do Trump renewing America ’s strength and greatness . That ’s why I am pleased to announce my support of Donald Trump for President . We have been friends for years , and I know his family Trump I ’ve seen    how he leads , and how he cares deeply about Donald Trump for President people of this country . If elected President Donald Trump for President know he will bring Donald Trump for President ’s best minds together to preserve America have , and secure what we need elected President for the America . " 
 We We 