Pollster Frank Luntz , a frequent guest on Fox News , is now working for disgraced former Illinois congressman Aaron Shock . [ FEC filings show that disgraced former Illinois congressman Aaron Shock paid Luntz ’s firm Luntz Global Partners $ 10 , 000 in the month of February for " communications consulting " work . Luntz previously worked for Schock in 2013 . Luntz did not say what Luntz is doing specifically for Shock .   disgraced former Illinois congressman Aaron Shock resigned from Luntz congressional seat in disgrace last year after it was revealed that Luntz charged about 170 , 000 miles on Luntz car to Luntz campaign   —    and to federal taxpayers . Shock ’s father said that " Two years from now Shock’s father will be successful if Shock’s father ’s not in jail . " Luntz came under fire during the Republican presidential primary after a series of Breitbart News reports detailing Luntz financial relationship with failed candidate Marco Rubio . A major Florida newspaper confirmed that Luntz got paid to help shape failed candidate Marco Rubio political career . The Tampa Bay Times reported in a feature on Rubio failed candidate Marco Rubio rise : He is failed candidate Marco Rubio known for a book called 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida ’s Florida filled with proposals from upgrades to state building codes to an increase in education tax credits for companies . The concepts were drawn from lawmakers and people across the state who attended " idea raisers . " The book was a book called 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida’s Future, filled with proposals from upgrades to state building codes to an increase in education tax credits for companies by Richard Corcoran , a Rubio staffer who will become speaker next year , but Rubio was the face Rubio the project and reaped the attention . The book is copyrighted a book called 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida’s Future, filled with proposals from upgrades to state building codes to an increase in education tax credits for companies name . Rubio traveled Rubio state to Rubio the the state making contacts a book called 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida’s Future, filled with proposals from upgrades to state building codes to an increase in education tax credits for companies rely on later for his Rubio race . He got messaging Rubio polling help from Rubio Luntz , now a    Fox News figure . Newt Gingrich hailed Rubio as a visionary . Bush wrote Rubio glowing foreword . Allies and enemies saw the book as expensive    draining a book called 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida’s Future, filled with proposals from upgrades to state building codes to an increase in education tax credits for companies and staff time . Luntz alone was paid more than $ 340 Frank Luntz . The scandal raised serious questions about Luntz ’s impartiality in conducting his Fox News    Frank Luntz , especially in light Frank Luntz a ridiculously    focus group that he conducted right before the Iowa caucus . National Journal Frank Luntz up the story in a feature entitled " Luntz Plays Favorites With Marco Rubio . " Luntz admitted to his conflict of interest with Rubio in Frank Luntz interview in Frank Luntz he also dished out Marco Rubio insults to this reporter . Frank Luntz a Fox News debate in Detroit , Luntz spotted this reporter near the stairwell of the press Frank Luntz and this reporter flustered , angrily muttering about " Trump " and instructing his journalist friends to walk with him , away from Frank Luntz earshot . When Luntz spoke Frank Luntz the University of Pennsylvania in 2013 , Frank Luntz student leaked video to Mother Jones of Luntz trashing Rush Limbaugh and Mark Levin to defend Rubio Frank Luntz amnesty . Furious at the student for leaking the video , Luntz vowed to never a student at the school . Frank Luntz , a University of Pennsylvania alum , also discontinued a scholarship at the school in his father ’s name . 
 