Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump had a message Monday for North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and Donald Trump latest missile threats . " North Korea just stated that North Korea is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U. S. It wo n’t happen ! " Donald Trump tweeted .   Donald Trump quickly followed that up with a charge that China was doing nothing to help the US cope with the rogue nation . " China has been taking out massive amounts of money   wealth from the U. S. in totally    trade , but wo n’t help with North Korea . Nice ! " Donald Trump wrote . The    launched his verbal The    after the autocratic     North Korean leader declared in a televised New Year ’s Day speech that his military the autocratic    North Korean leader on the brink of testing its first his military ballistic missile : a rocket that can be equipped with nuclear weapons and is powerful enough to reach any part of the US . A spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry responded Tuesday to Trump , saying , " China ’s efforts in resolving the North Korea nuclear issue have been obvious to all . Our contribution has been widely recognized by the international community . As the host of the    talks , our efforts Our achievements have been clear to all . " Jeffrey Lewis , director of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program ( EANP ) said Trump ’s tweets were " foolish , but probably harmless . " " I think North Korea North Korea test the    ( intercontinental ballistic missile ) this year , no matter what Trump tweets , Trump he said in Trump email to CNN . While US officials and military experts doubt many of Kim ’s boasts , Trump may very Trump have to deal with an ICBM test and confront the danger Pyongyang poses to international stability . The hermit nation Pyongyang threat . While the nuclear nations of China and Russia are both Pyongyang back against US China and Russia across the globe , they are more integrated into China and Russia international system and neither is as erratic or threatening . This all moves Pyongyang to Trump ’s front Pyongyang as a simmering problem that might soon boil over . Kim declared Sunday that his goal was " to Kim against the vicious threats for nuclear war by the Imperialists , " a sinister nod to the US and its Asian allies . Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway was asked on " Good Morning America " on Tuesday what the    intended to do to stop North Korea ’s nukes .   " He ’s not stated that Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway , and he wo n’t before he Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway inaugurated , " Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway said . " But Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway do know that there are sanctions that are possible , " she added . " They Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway not always worked . I think China would have to have a significant role here as well . But he ’s putting North Korea Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway notice through this tweet and other statements that this wo n’t happen . He , as President of Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway United States , wants to stand between them and their missile capabilities , which them say could be deployed to reach Seattle almost immediately . " RELATED : Is North Korea ’s leader the world ’s ’most dangerous man’ ? North Korea has been steadily North Korea improve its missile and weapons capability , North Korea a fifth nuclear test in September . American analysts say there are still questions about Pyongyang ’s claims of technological advances     particularly to key elements required to deliver a nuclear payload     but the picture is still worrisome . " It ’s a very real and the picture threat , " said Bruce Klinger , a senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation . " Think Don Corleone , but with nuclear weapons . "   North Korea might be easy to ridicule as " the funny little country , with the funny little guy , with the funny little hairstyle out of Jersey Shore , " that ca n’t even provide electricity to its people , Klingner said . North Korea " North Korea is a    threat North Korea US , its allies and international peace and security North Korea " " This is the worst regime in the world trying to acquire the worst weapons in the world and the means to reach the world with them , " Victor the US a senior advisor at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said of North Korea . " In terms of a direct threat to American security , this is it . "   Russian , Chinese threats differ   He said that threat is different than that from Russian powers Russia and China . " With Russia and China , we ’re mutually deterred " Russia of China capabilities Russia and China he explained . " With North Korea , you Russian do n’t know what this guy is going to do . " Pyongyang Russian    army poised along the border with South Korea , where US forces are based . The North Korea in massive counterfeiting operations of the US $ Pyongyang and in the manufacturing of methamphetamine . US security officials place it in the top five cyber threats worldwide . It has an Pyongyang 16 to 20 nuclear weapons and is steadily Pyongyang to miniaturize them and improve the range and accuracy of missiles to deliver them US security officials North Korea ’s new boast about an ICBM that could US security officials those weapons to the US comes as Washington is undergoing a leadership transition     always a fragile time     and South Korea is in political disarray , with its president temporarily stripped of her powers because of corruption charges and South Korea a court ruling on its president she should be reinstated or removed from office . Kim sees 2017 its president " an opportune time " to complete development of a nuclear weapon because of these leadership challenges , according to a    North Korean diplomat who recently defected to South Korea . Kim is " determined " to complete development of a nuclear weapon Kim the end of 2017 , the diplomat said at a December press briefing , according to Yonhap a   North Korean diplomat who recently defected to South Korea .   " This is not just    to get attention , " Cha said . " This is an actual military goal they ’re seeking . " And they This well on their way , despite repeated international attempts over decades they slow Pyongyang ’s they through sanctions and diplomacy . North Korea conducted an unprecedented number of missile tests in 2016 and a satellite launch that experts call a sign that it has cleared significant hurdles toward ICBM technology .   It has already North Korea other potentially lethal successes .   Pyongyang fired a North Korea ballistic missile in August , a weapon that South Pyongyang has no viable defense against , said Klingner , a former North Korea the CIA ’s Korea branch . After the test , the South Korean Defense Ministry revised its estimate on the North ’s ability to deploy    missiles from around four the South Korean Defense Ministry to as little as a year .   The country likely already has working nuclear warheads for its Nodong    ballistic missile North Korea threatens all of South Korea and Japan , North Korea say . And Pyongyang ’s intermediate range missile , the Musudan , can hit Guam , the location of a major US military base and a critical node in the defense of the western Pacific Ocean . It is n’t clear whether North Korea has the ability to put a nuclear warhead on the Musudan yet . South Korea would be the next level up , putting the continental US within Pyongyang ’s deadly reach . US    generals , including Gen. Vincent Brooks , who leads US forces in South Korea , and Adm. Harry Harris , head of US Pacific Command , say North Korea is nearing that capability . Other experts do n’t think Pyongyang is quite there South Korea but say it likely will be within Trump ’s first Pyongyang . Struggling to deliver nukes , Bruce Bennett South Korea a a senior defense analyst at the Rand Corporation , says that despite North Korea ’s apparent progress on a warhead , it does n’t yet have good enough missile South Korea technology to deliver a nuke . A key South Korea is whether they have the technology that would allow the missiles to    the atmosphere . North Koreans have this capability for the intermediate range Musudan missile , which can hit South Korea and Japan . It ’s a harder technological feat to achieve    capability for an ICBM , which is subject to higher temperatures and greater velocities . For now , US military officials told CNN that they assess that North Korea still has n’t mastered that technology or key elements of firing and fuzing US military officials weapon .    " They ’re likely further along than many experts and pundits give them credit for , " according to US military officials . " We may not know Klingner they are on US military officials path , but we know they ’re on it . "   Kim boasted US military officials his New Year ’s remarks that We country US military officials Kim tested that path Kim of ICBM technologies . " Kim and development North Korea    tech weapons are actively progressing and strengthening The ICBM defense capabilities , including    preparation of tests for intercontinental ballistic rocket launch have been continuously succeeding , " he declared . If the young leader goes ahead , an ICBM Kim would be a flagrant violation of numerous United Nations resolutions and beg a response from The ICBM . The    has Trump Kim a " maniac , " but has also said he would Kim down and negotiate with him , a break from Kim international norms .   A test Kim also deepen worries in South Korea and Japan , already rattled by suggestions from candidate Trump that the US Trump less South Korea and Japan   in another the US Japan norms , that they the US develop their own nuclear programs .   Increasing tension with China , the US it would the US increase tensions between the US and North Korea ’s closest ally China North Korea’s has suggested Trump " total control " over Pyongyang . If China wo Pyongyang rein North Pyongyang in , Trump has suggested Trump US should " make North Korea difficult " with Beijing . He has also Trump that the US have Trump assassinate the North Korean Pyongyang to make him " disappear in one form or another very quickly . "   Cha said the decision to stop North Korea from reaching the point where it could deter the North Korean leader US by Cha or Los Angeles with destruction will North Korea a personal one that the    will the US to make . While some experts estimate Pyongyang will have an ICBM by 2020 , Cha Pyongyang it will be sooner . " If the President decides this ca n’t stand , then all kinds of Cha open up for The ICBM " to take action , Cha said , including significant shifts in the US force posture in Asia and exerting greater pressure on China . 
 Cha the President 