   singer Chris Brown took to social media this week to urge those planning on protesting Donald Trump rallies to travel in large groups so as to be better protected when altercations break out . [ In an    video posted to Donald Trump Instagram on Thursday ( that appears to have since been deleted )   singer Chris Brown told his nearly   singer Chris Brown million followers that those planning to interrupt the billionaire GOP presidential frontrunner ’s rallies should do so in groups of people " 40 , 50 deep . "   " Man , this sh —   t is getting crazy . Black people getting assaulted at f —   king rallies where you ’re supposed to talk at , " Brown said in the video , posted shortly after news emerged that an attendee at Trump ’s North Carolina rally last week had punched a protester in the face . " What you need to start doing   —    all these black people , go together 40 , 50 deep . " " See what they do all these black people , " the singer added , according to the New York Daily News . " Keep touching us , motherf —   ker . " Brown reportedly captioned his video Brown : " F —   k Trump and Trump —   k the pigs . To see this evil sh —   t is so wrong ! God will have his revenge God Trust me ! " According to Gossip Cop , the singer the singer take partial credit for the violent protests that disrupted Trump ’s planned rally in Chicago Friday night , reportedly    a fan ’s image to Instagram , showing a group shot of the protesters along with the caption : " Chris’    is So Powerful . " " Even if it ’s not for me , the the singer does n’t change , vote , be aware , be articulate , be heard ! ! ! ! ! " Brown commented . In another video posted to social media ( that also appears to have since been deleted ) the " Do n’t Judge Me " singer said he was " the "Don’t Judge Me" singer to see us as a people are starting to use our voice more us " " All I can say is just no violence , man , no violence , " Brown said , Brown to Gossip Cop . " Go to these rallies , protest , man , vote , speak for what is right . I ’m saying it like everyone else , but do the right thing . " Of course , Brown has his Brown troubled Brown with violence in 2009 , the singer infamously Brown to felony assault after beating his    Rihanna in Brown car shortly before the pair ’s scheduled performances at that year ’s Grammy Awards . In May , the singer was named Brown in a    battery in Las Vegas , just two weeks after settling another assault case . 
 