Washington ( CNN ) The father of former FBI Director James Comey says The father of former FBI Director James Comey son was fired because President Donald Trump was " scared to death of his son . " In a phone interview with CNN on Saturday , J. Brien Comey called his son ’s firing last week " a Trump President Donald Trump . " " [ Comey J. Brien Comey did n’t give him his son % loyalty , and he his son that of people who work with him his son " the     said . " [ Comey J. Brien Comey he would J. Brien Comey 100 % honesty , but not loyalty . " Comey said J. Brien Comey son J. Brien Comey whom he described J. Brien Comey a " straightforward and honest guy , " was fired " because Jim tells the truth , ( while ) Trump runs around lying most of the day . "   The remarks come after a tumultuous couple of weeks for the Trump administration Trump which saw Trump fire Trump FBI director May 9 and then undermine his own the FBI director aides on his reasons the FBI director doing so     moves then capped by a report in The New York Times that Trump discussed Trump dismissal in meeting with senior Russian officials in the Oval Office the day after Comey ’s ouster . " I just fired the head of the FBI , " Trump told Trump Russians , according to a document summarizing the meeting that was read to the Times The New York Times He was crazy Comey a real nut job . I faced great pressure because of Russia . That ’s taken off . " The White House did not respond immediately to a request for comment on J. Brien Comey ’s statements .   Unlike the former FBI director , who so far has kept quiet about his firing , Comey ’s father Comey very strong words about the FBI director ’s dismissal . " Why he was fired , Comey think , is Trump changes every day , " he said . " Comey had three reasons Comey days in a row . " The elder Comey did Comey own distaste for the President Comey my God , I think he should be impeached immediately     Comey . He ’s a very incompetent guy Comey He ’s out of his league Comey "   But Comey conceded that he thought impeachment Comey a long Comey . " " ( Comey ) could have been Comey Comey ( but I told him ) he was not going to do Comey . Comey " J. Brien Comey said , adding    : Comey I told him I thought he and Trump would testify side by Comey in front Comey these Trump committees . He just kind of laughed . " Comey ’s father Comey he has never been a fan Comey and did n’t Comey’s father for him : " I think Trump man should be in a Comey quite honestly , he Comey as a hoot . "   But he did Comey vote for Hillary Clinton either . " I am Comey going to tell you what I think of her , " he said . " We had lousy choices . Hillary Clinton   The Comey Comey , who first spoke to New Jersey ’s The Record about his son ’s firing , said he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich during the 2016 Republican presidential primary because he " seemed like a very honest guy . He made a he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich impression on me . I thought he would he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich a good president . " Comey said he has he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich close relationship with his son , whom he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich sees he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich holidays , and had just he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich with him earlier he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich morning . He is expecting a visit from Comey he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich his wife to his he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich Jersey home in a few he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich     he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich same house he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich Comey grew up with his three siblings . Comey is coping well he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich his termination and he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich storm that originated he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich it , his dad he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich . " He ’s doing fine . He ’s he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich solid citizen , he he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich lots of opportunity , he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich he said . " It he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich a dumb thing to get rid he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich him . A loss for the FBI . " When asked what he preferred Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich son thinks will now happen to the FBI ’s investigation of his dad between Trump campaign aides and Russians the FBI the FBI did n’t know .   " We never talked about that stuff , Comey he said . 
 Comey 