The    dress that Melania Trump wore to the Republican National Convention on Monday night completely sold out within minutes of the conclusion of Melania Trump speech . [ Trump wore a Roksana Margot cotton and silk blend dress in    from    Serbian designer Roksanda Illnicic , according to the Daily Mail .   The   dress that Melania Trump wore to the Republican National Convention on Monday night retails for $ 2 , 190 and was reportedly completely sold out from website     within minutes of the end of her Melania Trump at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland Monday night . A black version of the dress retailing for $ 1 , 415 was also sold out as of Tuesday morning . The The   dress that Melania Trump wore to the Republican National Convention on Monday night described on the online retail site as a " beautiful option for the modern bride , " with a "   waist and dramatic bell sleeves in a contrasting basketweave . " A spokeswoman for Trump told Women ’s Wear Daily that the former model and possible future First Lady    the dress The   dress that Melania Trump wore to the Republican National Convention on Monday night it online herself . Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump introduced his wife before Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump spoke toward Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump end of the first night of the Republican convention Monday night , calling her " an his wife mother and an incredible woman . " Melania Trump focused Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump on her Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump ’s best Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump , saying he would be a her husband that could unite the country . " It would not be a Trump contest without excitement Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump drama , " Trump said of her Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump ’s unconventional her husband But throughout it all , my husband will remain focused on her husband thing : his beautiful country that he loves so her husband . " The her husband campaign has said Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump wants her husband’s unconventional campaign more on the campaign her husband’s unconventional campaign . " Melania will be recast as the next Jackie O , " a Trump adviser told the Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump York Post in June . " She speaks four languages . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 