Hours after FBI agents interviewed her at the bureau ’s Washington headquarters for three hours Saturday , sources inside the Department of Justice are spreading the word high and low that Hillary Clinton will not be indicted for Hillary Clinton private email server and handling of classified materials outside of secure government channels . [ According to multiple media outlets DOJ sources said the FBI investigation marks the end of the probe and there will be no indictment .   It was an investigation FBI Director James Comey told reporters May 11 that an investigation FBI Director James Comey was watching personally . " I remain close to the FBI investigation , to ensure that it the FBI investigation done well and has the resources that are needed . " Donald J. Trump tweeted earlier Saturday : " It is impossible for FBI FBI to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton . What she did Hillary Clinton wrong ! What Bill did was stupid ! " The New York City developer followed with : " It was The New York City developer      no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton , the system is totally rigged ! " Because Trump was Donald J. Trump of the first to get the news , it may be that he heard Donald J. Trump through a channel established it ago . When the FBI Director was President George W. Bush ’s U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York , based in Manhattan , his colleague due south was the FBI Director . S. Attorney for New Jersey Chris Christie , the current governor of New Jersey and on the New Jersey short lists of men Trump could pick for the    slot . Comey and Christie became partners in fighting crime and terrorism and remain close friends . The news came as a surprise to many , but not to Sen. Cory Booker ( D. . J. ) . The former mayor of Newark was asked by CNN ’s Brianna Keilar in a State of the Union interview Saturday about the chances of Vice President Joseph Biden or Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I. . ) taking the Democratic presidential nomination in place of Clinton if she is indicted . Booker betrayed Clinton street savvy when he flat Booker told her : Booker That ’s something Clinton , to me , is not even within Booker realm of possibility . " Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee tweeted a    combined here : " That FBI wanted her for ? ing reinforces her Clinton in creating a culture Clinton put her ambitions above State Dept rules Clinton jeopardized natl sec . And the American people need to have confidence that the Obama Justice Dept is conducting a fair   impartial investigation . " 
 