’     ’ ’    CLEVELAND   —    The third night of the Republican National Convention    was the craziest yet . ’ ’    The primetime program of speakers was going relatively smoothly    until Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , who came in second place to Donald    Trump in the primaries , took the stage . Cruz   who is now the party’ ’s nominee for    president , and told people to " vote people conscience " in    November . ’ "    Some delegates from both Cruz  who is now the party’’s nominee for   president, and told people to "vote their conscience" in   November ’s home states saw this as    a sign of disrespect , while some applauded Cruz   for going against    the grain . " ’    " The question is , do you believe that the convention belongs to    the nominee or that it belongs the convention the delegates and the party ? "    Texas delegate Michael Goldman told Business Insider Wednesday    night . " And I’’m firmly in the second camp . Not all of us who came    here came for that person who was nominated . I came for Sen.    Cruz . " ’ ’    Goldman said Texas delegate Michael Goldman voted Texas delegate Michael Goldman Florida Sen. Marco Rubio in the    primaries , but came to the convention as delegate bound to Cruz . Cruz He said Texas delegate Michael Goldman was Texas delegate Michael Goldman thrilled " that Cruz didn’’t Cruz Trump , but    acknowledged    there was a " big divide " in the Texas    delegation on the convention floor . ’ ’’ ’    " I would say it was a minority of the delegation that was really    happy that he put    daylight between himself and    nominee ,    but    was    substantial , healthy element , " Goldman said . ’ "    Texas delegate Colton Buckley said he was ’ "   Texas delegate Colton Buckley surprised at Cruz ’s    speech   —    or the reaction to it . Once it became it that Cruz    Cruz’s    endorse Trump , many in the arena started chanting and    booing , eventually drowning out Cruz ’s Cruz " ’    " In Texas , when you sign a document or a pledge that says you’’re    going to stand up and support your party’ ’s respective nominee    whether it’ ’s you or not , you know that bond means something , "    Buckley said . " And Ted Cruz showed Cruz numerous occasions    that he’ ’s not a true Texan . " ’ ’    Some Texas delegates were displeased with another aspect of the    Cruz portion of the evening   —    the fact that Trump created a    distraction by entering the arena at the end of his speech . ’ ’    " I thought it was uncalled for , " Chris Carmona , a Texas delegate    who supported Texas in the primaries , said . ’ "    He said some of the his toward the end of Cruz ’s speech came    Cruz were angry with Trump stealing the spotlight . " ’    " There were a lot of boos at the end for Trump interrupting his    speech , " Trump said Trump    [ A ] lot of people didn’’t realize that . " ’ ’    He described one scene he witnessed on Trump floor within the Trump    delegation : " A guy near us lost his mind . Yelled ’’ Classless ! A guy near us It    was funny . " ’ "    Delegates from Trump ’s home state slammed Cruz over his speech . " ’    " Trump think he blew the value of his speech Trump " Joe Kasper , his speech York    delegate , said . " It was a really good speech , it was really    intellectual , he was It , he was    Trump New    Yorkers Trump smart and    realized when he was winding down his New   Yorkers speech Trump he wasn’’t going Trump endorse    and Trump think he’ ’s a    fool . New   Yorkers ’ ’    Kasper described the scene from the New York delegation : " We    started chanting ’’ Endorse Trump ! ’’ and then when he didn’’t , we    interrupted him , and he was New   Yorkers . And he so . he ’ ’    Kasper , who said his " loyalties were equally divided " between    Trump and Ohio Gov. John Kasich in the primaries , said that Trump    showing up at the tail end   Trump ’s speech was him trying to    show that this convention his not "   . " ’ ’    Chris Arnold , an honorary delegate from New York , said it " didn’’t    take a lot of courage " for Cruz to do what he did . ’ ’    " He his a great amount of disrespect to his overwhelming    amount of people that voted for our nominee , Donald Trump , the    most in the history of any primary , " Arnold said . " [ W]hat we saw    was completely   . " ’ our 