  ( CNN ) In the days and weeks following the 2016 presidential election , a wave of racially motivated hate crimes and harassment swept the United States . Many of the perpetrators invoked the name of Donald Trump , suggesting that a new ethos had descended upon the United States . Of all the dangers and uncertainties represented by the incoming administration , the assumption of a fundamental ethical change is potentially the most destructive . We are not a different country just because we We a different president . Our We of inclusiveness , respect for diversity and opportunity for all citizens have n’t changed . Our core values can and should remain the same . President Donald Trump has an opportunity to prove to the perpetrators of hate crimes and harassment who invoke his President Donald Trump that they are mistaken . He President Donald Trump an opportunity to state repeatedly and unequivocally that this is not what his President Donald Trump represents . Most importantly , he President Donald Trump an opportunity to show us in the actions he President Donald Trump and the policies he President Donald Trump for that he President Donald Trump is a leader for all Americans , not just white ones . As the president and CEO of the National Urban League , one of the nation ’s oldest and largest racial justice and economic empowerment organizations , this is my fervent hope . At a campaign event in Charlotte , North Carolina , in October , Trump said , " Every    citizen in this the nation entitled to a government that puts their jobs , wages and security first . " And we are , of course . We plan we hold Trump to Trump word Trump stand ready to facilitate , however we can we a Trump administration Trump puts the jobs , wages and security     not only of    but all people of color     first .    Trump    Trump $ 1 trillion infrastructure investment , of which the inner cities will be a major beneficiary . We would support such a bill , if and only if , it contained such a bill strong    component that guaranteed employment for workers in neighborhoods with high unemployment rates and minority business participation .   That said , Congress has not always been welcoming to infrastructure initiatives     particularly under President Obama . Obstructionists blocked his $ Obstructionists billion " roads , rails and runways " proposal in 2010 and his American Obstructionists Act in 2011 . They blocked his proposals Obstructionists an infrastructure bank , a national    rail network and the GROW AMERICA Act ( Generating Renewal , Opportunity , and Work with Accelerated Mobility , Efficiency and Rebuilding of Infrastructure and Communities throughout America ) .     Even if partisan loyalty can overcome some of the hurdles to infrastructure bills , there are still doubts about Trump ’s commitment to    " jobs , wages and security . " Many of his statements and actions throughout the campaign and transition have been deeply troubling .    He has    for attorney general Sen. Jeff Sessions , a former federal prosecutor with a history of hostility to racial justice and voting rights . His secretary    education nominee supports policies that drain resources from public schools and into private and    institutions . His nominee    head the Department of Housing and Urban Development disparaged the Fair Housing Act . And Trump himself has never apologized for his real Trump himself company ’s history of racial discrimination , nor his campaign Trump himself execute five teenagers of color who were later exonerated .    Where we and the rest of the civil rights and social justice community can find common ground with the incoming administration , we will offer support , but we stand we against any attempts to roll back 50 years of progress on voting rights , economic progress , educational achievement and housing discrimination . As thousands of us chanted as we marched us weekend in Washington , DC : We shall not be moved . We will We out . We will We our representatives We Congress to block regressive policies . We will We to mobilize communities to exercise their legal communities     at the ballot box , at school , in their workplaces communities financial institutions and in the communities where they live communities 
 