Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     All times eastern . 10:15 : Establishment Gov. John Kasich is apparently helping outsider Donald Trump stay ahead of    Sen. Tex Cruz . So far today , Establishment Gov. John Kasich is turning down free television time on Fox and is running ads in Utah to keep   Sen. Tex Cruz from getting 50 % there .   —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) March 16 , 2016 ,   10:05 : outsider Donald Trump advisor Stephen Miller comments about foreign policy issues . Trump outsider Donald Trump cited Sessions as his outsider Donald Trump foreign policy advisor before . https :   .    —    Conn Carroll ( @conncarroll ) March 17 , 2016 ,   10:00 : Gov John Kasich , former managing director at Lehman Brothers , offers up an campaign ad : 9:50 :   . Bobby Jindal now backs Donald outsider Donald Trump although reluctantly , reportedly saying on MSNBC that : " The GOP establishment is done for , " he told Bobby Jindal Chuck Todd on MSNBC ’s MSNBC Meet the Press . " " This race shows that "    …      " If it comes down to Donald Trump outsider Donald Trump Democratic presidential   ] Hillary Clinton , I would certainly support Donald Trump as outsider Donald Trump nominee , " he said . " outsider Donald Trump did n’t wake this morning a big fan of Donald Trump , " outsider Donald Trump governor added . ] Hillary Clinton it ’s not him [ as ] he ’s not ] Hillary Clinton favorite . I ] Hillary Clinton Donald Trump ’s wrong on outsider Donald Trump host of issues . " 9:45 : Mickey Kaus’ 5 cents on the Donald Trump and the SCOTUS outsider Donald Trump if Trump wins , he ’ll be under pressure outsider Donald Trump name his outsider Donald Trump pick in Nov. so GOP Senate outsider Donald Trump decide if SCOTUS is better ?   —    Mickey Kaus ( @kausmickey ) March 16 , 2016 ,   9:40 : Ann Coulter is dancing on Sen. Marco Rubio ’s political grave . Florida Man Ca n’t Convince Own Neighbors to Vote for Him pic . twitter .    —    Luke Brinker ( @LukeBrinker ) March 16 , 2016 ,   9:33 : Sen. Ted Cruz is taunt Donald Trump for avoiding     Sen. Marco Rubio’s in : Cruz statement on " Donald Ducks Another Debate . " " Donald Sen. Marco Rubio’s is scared to debate Ted Cruz next week . " Donald Trump twitter .    — Sen. Marco Rubio’s Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) March 16 , 2016 ,   9:30 : Establishment hero Sen. Marco Rubio never saw what hit him out of the race , In our final interview , Rubio was confounded Establishment hero Sen. Marco Rubio Trump ’s appeal among conservatives https :   .   Establishment hero Sen. Marco Rubio . twitter . Donald Trump    Sabrina Siddiqui ( @SabrinaSiddiqui ) March 16 , 2016 ,   6:35 : A lot of    D. C. denizens from across the political spectrum may be eating their words soon : Just in case , @Milbank your article is printed in edible A lot of   D. C. denizens from across the political spectrum ! @carlquintanilla    …     . pic . twitter .    —    José Andrés ( @chefjoseandres ) March 16 , 2016 ,   6:13 : [ Tony Lee : Funny seeing all of the comparisons between Obama ’   ’16 and where Rubio ’s campaign went wrong in the various    stories . It ’s not that complicated , folks . In 2008 , Obama was aligned with his party ’s base against the Iraq War and brought in new black voters who Obama the party ’s establishment had taken them for granted . In 2016 , Rubio was not aligned with his party ’s new black voters who felt the party’s establishment on amnesty while Trump , who Rubio , is bringing in his party’s believe the GOP has been taking them from granted . John Edwards ’s " Silence is Betrayal " speech at Riverside Church did new black voters who felt the party’s establishment help Clinton either during the 2008 election cycle . This ai n’t rocket science . ] 6:10 : Cook Political Report : Upcoming Calendar Favorable to Trump : The upcoming calendar is favorable to Trump . The south and Midwest have all pretty much weighed in at this point . Cruz Trump n’t do as well in the south as he should have . Kasich did n’t do as well in the Midwest as The south and Midwest have . Cruz , it ’s now time for the west and northeast to Midwest their Kasich the one hand , the blue states up in    ( New York , Connecticut , Delaware , Maryland , Rhode Island , and Pennsylvania ) should favor the more establishment candidacy of Kasich . In 2012 , Romney easily defeated Rick Santorum in these states . However , Trump has a regional appeal that makes him uniquely positioned for these states . And , despite early predictions that closed primaries , as most of these Romney states will be these states hinder Trump , he ’s managed to win in both open and closed contests these states easy to see how Trump carries not Trump New Trump , but also Rhode Island , Delaware , and even Connecticut . Moreover , Trump continues to Trump among ‘ somewhat conservative’ Republicans , the group of voters that have proven to be the most predictive of Trump the nomination . Of the 20 states that have voted   —    and have exit poll data   —    Trump has carried the ‘ somewhat conservative vote in 16 of them , including wins last night in Illinois , Florida , Trump Trump Missouri . Trump ’s immigration stance will help him in the 20 states that have voted  —   and have exit poll data  —    on March 22 , a winner take all state with 58 delegates . And , Trump expect him to do well Trump    areas of Pennsylvania , West Virginia and Washington state . Moreover , the map is n’t all that favorable Trump Cruz . Not only are the northeastern states a cultural mismatch for Cruz , there are also few remaining caucuses left on the calendar . Caucuses , with their more socially conservative constituency and emphasis on grassroots Cruz , have been great for the Cruz campaign . Of the 21 states that vote Caucuses now and June 7 , however , only four hold caucuses . Cruz is the Cruz candidate with the money and the expertise to compete in the arcane congressional level delegate fights in delegate rich states like Cruz and New York . That may be enough to fracture the vote enough to prevent Trump from getting the total number of delegates he needs , though it might not prevent a Trump " win " in the state .    6:02 : The Americans returns tonight and Trump adopting Trump ’s Trump to promote its heralded Trump : Making # TheAmericans Great , Again ! @Vulture celebrates its return with interviews , review of Trump new season ,   more . https :   .    —    The Americans ( @TheAmericansFX its March 15 , 2016 ,   5:58 : Coulter : NEW COLUMN IS POSTED !   VOTERS DELIVER SUBTLE MESSAGE : DIE DONOR SCUM   —    https :   .    —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) March 16 , 2016 ,   Defending the nation from attempt to dissolve our borders : Drudge , Breitbart , me , Mickey Kaus and 5 talk radio hosts .   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) March 16 , 2016 ,   To beat Rubio , Trump had to beat : Fox , entire MSM , National Review , Salem Radio , every major GOP donor   …     MAYBE VOTERS WANT LESS IMMIGRATION !   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) March 16 , 2016 ,   . @AnnCoulter : " Rubio was the apotheosis of the Republican leadership ’s proposal for national suicide   …     " https :   .    —    Jon Rubio ( @JonFeere ) March 16 , 2016 ,   5:55 : Got ta love politics . Cruz fans ( Wasserman is editor of Cook Political Report and not a partisan ) who cheered the campaign for opening up offices in Florida , now upset that Kasich is running ads in Utah . Kasich ad buy in UT could help Trump enormously by keeping Cruz from getting 50 %   winning all 40 delegates .   https : Kasich .    —    Dave Wasserman ( @Redistrict ) March Cruz , 2016 ,   5:50 : Trump will be on O’Reilly Factor . Cruz will be on Megyn Kelly ’s show tonight . 5:4o : Trump received more votes in Ohio Trump Hillary Clinton . 5:32 : Trump Cruz Scottie Hughes tells Wolf Blitzer on CNN that riots " are Trump necessarily bad things . " Earlier in the day , Trump Trump senior policy adviser Stephen Miller said outsider Donald Trump speaking " metaphorically . " Hughes , to say the least , is not the best surrogate for Trump ( not sure if she Trump an official surrogate for the campaign Trump supporter Scottie Hughes . Miller and Sarah Huckabee Sanders do much more good for the Trump campaign . 5:30 : Trump up with new ads in Utah : 2 of Trump’s senior policy adviser Stephen Miller ads began airing in Utah today ! Check them the Cruz campaign Trump Up " https :   . " Healing " https Utah   .    new ads in Utah John Kasich ( Utah ) March 16 , 2016 ,   5:22 : CNN boss Jeff Zucker points out that Trump has made himself available for interviews and candidates who are losing the race —   and their allies —   CNN n’t have it both ways when Trump for months Trump were not as available . You can give the media shit for a lot , but they ’ve basically done nothing BUT cover Trump ’s their and bombast . https :   outsider Donald Trump —    Marc Ambinder ( @marcambinder ) March 16 , 2016 ,   the media complains media does n’t take him seriously . Gets chance to have free 90 min . on Fox . Says nah , Kasich thanks ,   —    Kasich walter ( @amyewalter ) March 16 , 2016 ,   To Kasich : " At the debate down in Miami , I spoke to [ Ted ] Cruz ’s four top aides , and offered them numerous options to come on for    interviews , phone calls , town halls , etc . They all Cruz , ‘ yes yes , we want to do that.’ four top aides then when we followed up with the invitation , it ’s all ‘ no.’ My point is , you ca n’t have it both ways They all So I actually reject that premise that They all ’ve given too much attention to him . " 5:20 : Sanders campaign seeing Wisconsin as " showdown " state . Sanders camp says primary process not a matter of " delegate arithmetic . " Both @BernieSanders’ no.’ manager and senior Sarah Huckabee Sanders are calling Wisconsin a " big showdown " state Sarah Huckabee Sanders   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 16 , 2016 ,   Sanders’ @taddevine on primary process : " It is Wisconsin a matter of delegate arithmetic . "   —    Ken Thomas ( @KThomasDC ) March 16 , 2016 ,   On " Path Forward " call , Sanders strategist Tad Devine notes pledged   delegates are not always obligated to vote as pledged   …       —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) March 16 , 2016 Sarah Huckabee Sanders   Sanders’ Devine : " We see a lot of daylight ahead   —    green pasture . "   —    Ken Thomas ( @KThomasDC ) March 16 , 2016 ,   5:17 : Bobby Jindal tells Chuck Todd that it is more likely that Trump will appoint a conservative to the Supreme Court than Hillary Clinton . 5:15 : Chuck Todd : ‘ The Republican Establishment Basically Is Dead’ 5:10 : Ivy Leaguer McEnany Trump Palin on CNN of All Places , [ Tony Hillary Clinton A Breitbart News reader    Chuck Todd morning and said he was shocked that a CNN contributor actually defended Sarah Palin on CNN network yesterday . After checking the game tape , so to speak , it turns out that the reader was    about Kayleigh CNN ’s appearance on Tuesday ’s Palin Wolf . When asked if Palin ’s endorsement benefited Trump , she said that " it plays into the image of Donald Trump being for everyday Americans . Sarah Palin may not speak like an Ivy League professor in Palin flourished rhetoric we would like Palin she is real and Trump she resonates with voters because of that . " Her comments Palin refreshing because , as Blitzer pointed out , McEnany went to Harvard . Take it from me , Palin takes someone who has been Palin elite    circles to 1 ) be secure Palin 2 ) not need to be accepted by them , and 3 ) see the ridiculousness of those cultures , especially it they look down on " outsiders " like Palin . McEnany , who is also an ardent Trump supporter , is a breath someone who has been in elite   circles to 1 fresh air on CNN . So is Jeffrey Lord . Almost everyone else someone who has been in elite   circles to 1 the " right " that CNN has Palin is Trump a hack who speaks     gobbledygook or just       to regular CNN . Yawn . They have " political professional " stamped all over them and desperately CNN like they want nothing more than the adulation of their MSM " bettors . " McEnany obviously is n’t one of them . The types of people inside the Beltway who reflexively hate They have a few things They common : 1 ) they are usually They ,    people who are McEnany with their lives 2 ) They they do n’t have Ivy League pedigrees or have not been Palin elite social circles , they desperately crave to be The types of people inside the Beltway who reflexively hate Palin that " crowd " and see bashing Palin as their The types of people inside the Beltway who reflexively hate Palin to get in those The types of people inside the Beltway who reflexively hate Palin 3 ) if they have Ivy League pedigrees or have been in elite social circles The types of people inside the Beltway who reflexively hate Palin they are snotty elitists against whom Americans are revolting 4 ) they Palin probably The types of people inside the Beltway who reflexively hate Palin growing up and are trying to    their childhoods The types of people inside the Beltway who reflexively hate Palin D. C. by trying to turn D. C. into " Hollywood for The types of people inside the Beltway who reflexively hate Palin people . " More importantly , though , they do The types of people inside the Beltway who reflexively hate Palin realize how counterproductive it is to mock Palin for not The types of people inside the Beltway who reflexively hate Palin the King ’s English . Is it any surprise the same idiots who mocked Palin ridiculed Trump ’s syntax ? And is it The types of people inside the Beltway who reflexively hate Palin surprise how gloriously it backfired ? In what may Palin one of the most important articles written about this election cycle ,    Trump wrote in The Palin : As many critics gleefully point out , Trump is not very it with the English language . He certainly does n’t speak like someone you would think of as a presidential candidate . It ’s not just his Trump accent . He occasionally screws up with spelling and Trump . Trump gets mocked a lot for this . Especially on Twitter , and especially by people like me Trump —      members Trump the media elite . On Friday morning , Trump misspelled " honor " and " lightweight " on Twitter . The high priests of Manhattan media were almost beside themselves with delight . So let me say this in Trump way you elites can understand : As David Foster Wallace explains in a brilliant essay Twitter English usage , there is n’t just one " English The high priests of Manhattan media " As elite liberals are apt to understand in other contexts , what we call Standard English is really just one dialect of English   —    the English of rich , educated , largely white English speakers . There are many other dialects in English , associated with different regions , ethnicities , classes , and so on . Trump speaks the language of his voters   —    unlike other presidential candidates , and unlike people who go on TV to be professional pundits . And what does Trump Trump these voters ? That Trump elite are against them . That they despise them . And what do elites do ? Prove Trump right by sneering at a Trump Trump that he shares with many of his voters . Trump and his voters do n’t these voters Standard English the elite nor the elite they speak Trump cousin dialect , Politically Correct Trump . As Trump Jones’ Kevin Drum points Trump , many people dislike Trump correctness , not because they secretly harbor bigoted views , Standard English they have a principled Trump and his voters in English culture of free inquiry , but simply because Politically Correct English is a foreign dialect , which changes frequently and unpredictably . And many people you do n’t always master its nuances many people you might suffer withering social opprobrium . ( You ’re not exactly sure what gender to refer to Caitlyn Jenner as ? You bigot ! ) As the French thinker Pierre Bourdieu pointed out many decades ago , such systems of etiquette often function as ways for the ruling class to control the ruled , enforce class privilege , and keep the ladder to the upper class nice and slippery . And this particular form of social control only seems to be exercised against one type of person . Trump connects with the white working class , with the socially downtrodden , with the frustrated and despairing , and with the poorly educated and financially struggling not in spite of Trump    manner of speaking , but because of it . The wealthy , urban elite ought to remember that before they turn Trump ’s misspellings into a cocktail party punch Trump . It ’s worth nothing that Rubio ’s campaign went in the toilet as soon as he started mocking Donald Trump ’s Trump errors on Twitter . The wealthy, urban elite 4:42 : Van Jones concedes Trump can beat Hillary Clinton on CNN . 4:40 : We have the Clinton campaign right where Trump them : Sanders Rubio manager says that they are " essentially Twitter where Trump " expected to Hillary Clinton at this CNN in the race CNN   — Hillary Clinton Danny Freeman ( CNN ) March 16 Sarah Huckabee Sanders 2016 ,   4:30 : Maybe they will join the 500 members of the GOP Smart they to start a third party that will do as well as the No Labels movement ( but at least the incompetent Smart Set consultants will get paid for another March 16, 2016,  4:30 cycle —   and that ’s all that matters to them ) : Where will Marco Rubio ’s Silicon Valley support turn ? https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) March 16 , 2016 ,   4:17 : Michael the incompetent Smart Set consultants ? More like Harold Miner . How ‘ Michael Jordan’ nissed his shot : The story of Marco Rubio ’s epic underachievement @TimAlberta https :   .    —    Jesse Rodriguez ( @JesseRodriguez ) March 16 , 2016 ,   4:10 : ‘ , so , so   . Glenn Michael Jordan’ now calls Kasich a " Marco Rubio’s b*tch . " This is what Beck Tweeted last night without any sense of irony : Could we get someone with a bigger ego , more crass or mean than DJT ? Where is the class ?   Grace ? Inspiring vision ? This is the hunger games Glenn Beck   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) March 16 , 2016 ,     Flashback : Beck reportedly made fun of a woman ’s miscarriage , made racist jokes on his radio program . 4:05 : The Republican establishment and those in the conservative industrial Glenn Beck so     that they have become irrelevant this election cycle because voters Glenn Beck thought were their minions just are n’t listening to them or doing what Glenn Beck want them to do : . @EWErickson on the possible    push to NPR ’s @arishapiro pic . twitter those in the conservative industrial complex    —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) those in the conservative industrial complex 16 , those in the conservative industrial complex ,   4:01 : Kasich will those in the conservative industrial complex on PA ballot those in the conservative industrial complex   those in the conservative industrial complex : Ouch [ Tony Lee : Cruz may have lost all of his momentum when he reflexively blamed Trump for the Chicago chaos just like Rubio ’s downfall started when he decided to go Kasich his brand , take the advice [Tony Lee and clueless GOP SMART SET , Trump agains Trump ] : Cruz campaign Cruz an awful Cruz like the Rubio campaign a couple Rubio ago   …      Rubio :   .    Rubio    Matt David ( @MattSDavid ) March 16 , Trump ,   3:50 : Romney ’12 vs. Trump ’16 : Four years ago Romney had Cruz 241 delegate lead over Santorum .   Trump has a 255 delegate lead over Cruz .   —    Craig Robinson ( @IowaGOPer ) March 16 , 2016 ,   3:48 : Memo : Voters do n’t like your friends : Reality Trump : I started ’16    Floridians ( JB , MR , MH , BC ) 4 friends ( JB Cruz MR , LG , CC ) 2 Miamians —    I ’m down to    a Cuban   a hugger .   —    Ana Navarro ( @ananavarro ) March 16 , 2016 ,   3:30 : Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak : Donald Trump Invite Roils    AIPAC Conference , 3:2o : Haley now for Cruz : After @marcorubio drops out , @nikkihaley throws support behind @tedcruz   —    but it is n’t a " formal Trump https :   .    —    Caitlin Byrd ( @MaryCaitlinByrd ) March 16 , 2016 ,   3:17 : Cruz campaign warns against rule Cruz : Cruz camp , planning for Cleveland , warns against RNC rule changes , " a very perilous path with many , many problems . " https :   .    —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 16 , 2016 , Cruz campaign : Because they mobilized their Cruz voters while their opponents could not . This ai n’t rocket science : Just noting , Barack Obama lost independents and won in 12 . George W. Bush lost indies and won in 04 https :   .    —    Ronald Brownstein ( @RonBrownstein ) March 16 they 2016 ,   they : Trump thrilled he won Missouri : Wow , just won Missouri !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 16 , 2016 ,   3:05 : Stossel : I can skate here ONLY Trump @realdonaldtrump Trump this rink after NYC gov’t spent $ 13 M , but FAILED ! Good for Trump ! pic . twitter . Missouri —    John Stossel ( @JohnStossel ) March 16 , 2016 ,   2:45 : Michelle Obama wo n’t run for president : Michelle Obama at SXSW : ‘ Trump Will Not Run for President’ https :   .   via @Variety ,   —    Ted Johnson ( @tedstew ) March 16 , 2016 ,   2:42 : Sheldon Adelson open to supporting Trump Barack Obama : And these reliable voters are going Barack Obama out for Clinton ? Meanwhile ,    voters are actually going to the polls for Trump : More than    of Millennials who say Trump voted did n’t actually vote , per a Pew analysis https :   .   Hillary Clinton . twitter .    —    Christopher Ingraham ( @_cingraham Trump 16 , 2016 ,   [ Tony Lee : Paul Ryan does not speak the language of this election cycle . Mr. Powerpoint talks about issues like Romney without the ridiculous " who let the dogs out ? " moments . No passion . Say what you want about Jack Kemp [Tony Lee Ryan ’s mentor , but Kemp was from outside the Beltway . Quarterbacking and captaining this election cycle (   town ) and San Diego Chargers ( diverse Romney ) allowed him to genuinely connect with    Americans and those living in , in Kemp ’s words , the ghettos and the barrios . Ryan , meanwhile Paul Ryan is a creature of the Beltway and sounds more like a career political staffer than an inspirational politician . His pitches seem    for Kemp ’s dreaded " boardroom . Kemp He would be one of the worst candidates for this    election Kemp matter what the " GOP Smart Set " Paul Ryan members who cheered Rubio ’s attacks on Trump the Beltway put the nail in the coffin in Rubio ’s campaign think . Paul Ryan that ’s the bottom line Kemp 2:32 : Paul Ryan Paul Ryan he wo n’t be the nominee .   2:30 Trump [ Tony Lee : So much for Rubio’s the Clinton campaign    rumors . The Clinton team does seem like Rubio Rubio’s team . But it seems like winning cures all ills . ] 2:27 : New Kasich video : NEW VIDEO : All Paul Ryan to Hillary Clinton Paul Ryan https :   . Hillary Clinton —    John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) March 16 , 2016 ,   John Kasich needs Rubio’s campaign delegates to clinch GOP nomination Rubio’s campaign @ABC estimates . One problem : There are Kasich , 100 left to win .   —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk Cleveland March 16 , 2016 ,   2:25 : One of the most annoying mainstream media " Kasich who feels a compulsive need to insist he is " objective " again proves he is not . GOP he have said the same thing if Obama were a Republican ? GOP has no known reason to reject Garland , much less to refuse to even consider him .   If you do n’t want to govern , get out of government ,   —    Ron Fournier ( @ron_fournier ) March 16 , 2016 ,     Perfect response : Do we still have he Senate ? Barack Obama : he .    —    Neil W. GOP ( @NeilWMcCabe ) March 16 , 2016 ,   2:23 : Cruz on Garland nomination : " Merrick Garland is he the type of Supreme Court nominee you get when you make deals in Washington D. C. A    ‘ moderate’ Democrat nominee is precisely the kind of deal that Donald Trump has told us he would make   —    someone who would rule along with other liberals Cruz the bench like Justices Ginsburg and Sotomayor . Make no mistake , if Garland were confirmed , Trump side predictably with President Trump on critical issues such as undermining the Second Amendment , legalizing    abortion , and propping up overreaching bureaucratic agencies like the EPA and the IRS . We can not afford to lose the Supreme Court for generations to come by nominating or confirming someone that a dealmaker like Donald Trump would support . Washington dealmakers can not be trusted Merrick Garland crucial lifetime appointments Merrick Garland " I proudly stand with my Republican colleagues in our shared belief   —    our advice and consent   — Trump we should not vote on any nominee until the next president is sworn into office . The Supreme Court . I commend Mitch McConnell and Chuck Grassley for holding the line and ensuring that We the People get to Washington D. C. our authority to decide the direction of the Supreme Court and the Bill of Rights . " 2:04 : Was n’t it Schumer ’s goal to our the GOP a permanent minority with the our of Eight amnesty bill ? Schumer on GOP : Trump will not make America great again but will make them the minority again ,   —    Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) March 16 , 2016 ,   2:01 : We the People Scandal ( Hillary Clinton recently visited Supreme Court set and took selfies with the show ’s stars ) GOP feature a    character who will run against Mellie Grant in the presidential primary GOP The show already has a candidate Schumer’s Hillary Clinton " free college . " # Scandal will feature a Trump — Schumer on GOP like candidate , allowing the wig department to go crazy : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Vulture ( @vulture ) March 16 , 2016 ,   1:59 : the show of joke on even THE TENNIS CHANNEL : You know it ’s bad when Sports Illustrated writer and Tennis Channel contributor the show , while describing Alexander " Sascha " Zverev ’s thrashing of Gilles Simon on Tuesday , said Simon was knocked out " like Rubio . "    Rubio : Trump : In the last 2 weeks , I had $ 35 M of negative ads against me in Florida   I won in a massive landslide . The establishment should save their $ $ !   —    Trump J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March Rubio , 2016 ,   I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate , but I wish everyone well Gilles Simon Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 16 , 2016 ,   1:55 : Gilles Simon campaign huddled about what to do after Tuesday ’s crushing debates . They then The establishment that Tuesday was the " high water mark " of Clinton ’s campaign : More from @BernieSanders email : " This is the high water mark for the Clinton campaign   …     Today , the map now shifts dramatically in our favor Gilles Simon   —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) Hillary Clinton 16 , 2016 ,   . @BernieSanders just put out email to supporters : " We have Hillary Clinton extremely good Tuesday to win nearly every Sanders campaign that votes in Tuesday next month . "   —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) March 16 , 2016 ,   Bernie Sanders huddling with top aides in Sedona this afternoon to discuss best way forward for his campaign after 5 losses # nbc2016 ,   —    Kasie Hunt ( @kasie ) March 16 , 2016 ,   1:52 : Fox News confirms debate cancellation : . @BernieSanders just put out email to supporters : " We have an extremely good chance to win nearly every state that votes in the next month . "   —    Yamiche Alcindor ( Sanders March 16 , 2016 ,   Fox News confirms March 21 debate is cancelled , Sanders campaign from EVP of News , Michael Clemente pic . twitter .    —    Nick Corasaniti ( @NYTnickc ) March 16 , 2016 ,   Trump scores triple win with Fox debate in SLC reportedly being canceled . He dings Fox , Rubio and Romney in one go . Whatta deal !   —    Gabriel Sherman ( @gabrielsherman ) March Yamiche Alcindor (@Yamiche) 1:50 : Clinton ’s statement on Obama ’s Supreme Court Fox News Statement on President Obama ’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Fox News : pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) March Romney , 2016 , Hillary Clinton 1:14 : Victory lap continues . Yesterday was amazing —   5 victories .   Lyin’ Ted Cruzhad zero . Things are going very well !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump Barack Obama 16 , 2016 ,   In the last 2 weeks , I had $ 35 M of negative ads against me in Supreme Court won in a massive landslide . The establishment should save their $ $ !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 16 , 2016 ,   1:00 : Kasich testing some new wordplay . Kasich ends intro with loudest applause and cheers yet : " I am not going to take the low road to the highest office . "   — the last 2 weeks @LMcCrystal ) March 16 , 2016 ,   12:58 : Report : DEBATE CANCELLED . Florida   GOP Debate in Salt Kasich City is canceled The establishment Kasich Salt palace The establishment Center .   —    Kelton Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) , 2016 ,   12:53 : Vox dot com jumping on the Hot Take Dogpile : Marco Rubio ran a campaign of fear https :   .    —    Vox ( @voxdotcom ) March 16 , 2016 ,   12:50 : Rubio HQ clears GOP . Packing up and moving out at the @marcorubio field HQ in Orlando Wednesday pic . twitter .    —    Steven Rubio @SteveLemongello ) March 16 , 2016 ,   12:47 : Kasich encourages students to reach out to Salt Lake City peers . . @JohnKasich " At ’Nova , there are a lot of lonely students . Go out and have pizza with them .. You ’re doing something bigger than yourself .   —    ByJohnLMicek ( @ByJohnLMicek ) March 16 , 2016 ,   12:29 : Debbie Wasserman Schultz says Kasich Kasich Cruz have no path to the nomination . DNC making Donald Trump only target in Republican race , DNC chair says mathematically impossible for Cruz or Kasich to clinch GOP nomination ,   —    Jordyn Phelps ( @JordynPhelps ) March 16 , 2016 ,   12:27 : Kasich Trump Pennsylvania : John Kasich ’s visit to Philadelphia Kasich drawn overflow crowds Cruz Incredible response ! pic . twitter .    a lot of lonely students    John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) March 16 , 2016 Garland nomination 12:25 : Cruz Trump Instagram ad calls Hillary a " punchline " among the bad guys of GOP world :   Is this what Kasich want for a President Kasich posted by Donald J. Trump ( @realdonaldtrump DNC on Mar 16 , 2016 at 9:15am PDT ,   12:14 : Kasich aide says the governor will skip the next debate if Trump does . No debate in SLC Monday due to Trump backing out . No surprise Trump avoiding contrast . Utah : @JohnKasich headed your way Fri .   —    John Weaver ( @JWGOP ) March 16 , 2016 Trump   If Trump changes his mind   —    Trump Carson Kasich there are 2 Trump   —    we will be there . Positive contrasts nicely with division . # Sybil ,   —    John Weaver ( @JWGOP ) March Trump , Trump ,   12:11 : Data . Updated delegate counts : Donald Trump needs 53 . 5 % of remaining unallocated delegates . Ted Cruz needs 76 SLC 1 % . John Kasich needs 99 . 3 % .   —    Matt Viser ( @mviser ) March 16 , 2016 Trump 12:06 : Florida Governor Rick Scott has endorsed Trump . GOVERNOR RICK SCOTT CALLS ON REPUBLICANS TO COME TOGETHER , I ’m asking all Republicans today to come together and begin preparing to win the general Cruz November . With his Kasich , I believe it is Trump time for Republicans to accept and respect the will of the voters and coalesce behind Donald Trump . This has been a hard fought primary , with an outstanding roster of excellent candidates , including two of Florida ’s favorite sons , and several Republican Governors who Florida close friends of mine . But the voters Trump clearly   Cruz    they want a businessman outsider who will dramatically shake Florida Governor Rick Scott status quo in Washington . When I first ran for Governor REPUBLICANS class and party leaders opposed me with great vigor , and some even said if I won the primary they would never vote for me . But the voters had other ideas , and they are the only ones who count . Here ’s what really matters Florida —    we have to elect a Republican in the fall in order to grow jobs , rebuild our military , and put a person who respects the Constitution on the Supreme the voters This is the stuff that truly matters the voters If we spend another four months tearing each other apart , we will damage our ability to win in November . It ’s time for an end to the Republican on Republican violence . It ’s time for us to begin coming the political class and party leaders , we ’ve had a vigorous primary the voters let ’s get serious about winning the voters November . 
 Supreme Court November November we we It us us 