When Parisians learned last week that President François Hollande paid President François Hollande hairdresser more than $ 10 , 000 a month to cut President François Hollande hair , a howl was heard from Montmartre to the Marais . Not since President Bill Clinton shut down two runways in 1993 for a $ 200 trim aboard Air Force One have the tresses of a head of state been so widely discussed . But as men ’s upkeep has gone the way of female grooming   —    Botox , facials and waxing , you know , down there   —    so , too , has the high price of a haircut . Ask Tim Rogers , a stylist at Sally Hershberger ’s downtown New York studio , who charges a minimum of $ 400 , and as much as $ 800 , for a men ’s haircut these days . Tim Rogers, a stylist at Sally Hershberger’s downtown New York studio, who charges a minimum of $400, and as much as $800 regularly flies to the Hamptons by helicopter to attend to a coterie of hedge fund managers and investment bankers . Tim Rogers, a stylist at Sally Hershberger’s downtown New York studio, who charges a minimum of $400, and as much as $800 has visited a celebrity ’s home at 10 p. m. Tim Rogers, a stylist at Sally Hershberger’s downtown New York studio, who charges a minimum of $400, and as much as $800 , too , has an array of clients who go to the salon , among an array of clients who go to the salon, among them the tennis champion Roger Federer and John Kennedy Schlossberg, the grandson of the president the tennis champion Roger Federer and John Kennedy Schlossberg , the grandson of the president . " I maintain that men ’s prices should be the same as women ’s , " Tim Rogers, a stylist at Sally Hershberger’s downtown New York studio, who charges a minimum of $400, and as much as $800 said last week in an interview from his Tim Rogers, a stylist at Sally Hershberger’s downtown New York studio, who charges a minimum of $400, and as much as $800 in Connecticut . Men , he Tim Rogers, a stylist at Sally Hershberger’s downtown New York studio, who charges a minimum of $400, and as much as $800 , are often more demanding than women . " The requirement is consistency , " he Tim Rogers, a stylist at Sally Hershberger’s downtown New York studio, who charges a minimum of $400, and as much as $800 . " You have to be available anytime , anywhere . " Even if that means being on call 24 hours a day . " There is never a bad time for them , " he Tim Rogers, a stylist at Sally Hershberger’s downtown New York studio, who charges a minimum of $400, and as much as $800 of his Tim Rogers, a stylist at Sally Hershberger’s downtown New York studio, who charges a minimum of $400, and as much as $800 . " And everything has a price . " The star stylist Frédéric Fekkai raised eyebrows in the late 1990s when he The star stylist Frédéric Fekkai charging women $ 300 for a cut . By the    he The star stylist Frédéric Fekkai supplanted by Ms. Hershberger , famous for the $ 600 shaggy mop that defined Meg Ryan ’s carefree style at the time . But it is only in recent years that the cost for a man ’s haircut has rivaled its it counterpart . Now , in New York , it it not uncommon for a haircut at a top salon to cost $ 300 . And that does n’t include highlights , straightening or silken glosses . Martial Vivot , a former Parisian who founded Salon Pour Hommes in 2008 , charges $ 320 for one of his signature cuts . Recently , he his , he his a client bagging groceries at the Whole Foods in Columbus Circle . " I felt like , ‘ Oh , wow,’ " he his . " I wondered if he his afford it . " Lakshman Achuthan , the chief operations officer of the Economic Cycle Research Institute , has his his hair groomed by April Barton , famous for the choppy locks of downtown rock ’n’ rollers . He his slightly less than her regular $ 300 rate , he his , because he his every four weeks or so . " I ’m as far away from Hollande as can be , " he his . " I do n’t consider myself his flashy spender . " He Hollande been a client since the 1990s and said he Hollande Ms. Barton ’s advice as much as the snip of her Ms. Barton’s . " Ten years ago she Ms. Barton’s , ‘ You are losing your hair,’ " he Hollande one recent afternoon , noting that there is much less now to cut . " She Ms. Barton’s , ‘ As long as you keep it clean and do n’t gain any weight , you ’ll be fine . ’ " Mr. Achuthan is a frequent guest on television , which means he Mr. Achuthan always be   . " I think it would be easy for someone who has short hair to do a buzz cut , " he Mr. Achuthan . " But like every New Yorker , we are jammed up and do n’t want to have something go wrong . " Ms. Ms. Barton’s that , while there is a boom in    barbershops , men with longer or unruly hair often fare better with more instruction . " Most barbers do n’t seem to be artful stylists , " she said Ms. Barton’s She has Ms. Barton’s investment bankers in how to use root concealer to cover gray . Last week , she had Ms. Barton’s client who paid $ 670 for a cut , straightening and toning to replenish color . And that did n’t include products and a hefty tip . " The type of guys who pay this are technology entrepreneurs , " she said Ms. Barton’s Mr. Rogers , of Sally Hershberger , said that Mr. Federer , who sees a number of stylists worldwide , has a relaxed attitude compared with other clients . " It ’s much more about what Mirka wants , " he said Mirka referring to Mr. Federer ’s wife . " He does Mirka want his hair Mirka fall in his eyes Mirka " Mr. Federer Mr. Federer’s said , Mr. Federer’s loves his hair . his hair love him . " Mr. Federer’s is n’t $ 10 , 000 a month for a hairdresser , to Mr. Vivot bluntly , a little ridiculous ? For decades , scores of Goldman Sachs bankers have had their hair cut by Salvatore scores of Goldman Sachs bankers , an Italian barber with a salon in the lobby of the nearby Conrad Hotel . He charges $ Mr. Federer’s for a dry cut . ( A shampoo is $ 7 extra . ) Not so , Mr. Vivot said . " France is the capital of fashion , and he is the president of Mr. Vivot country , " he said of Mr. Hollande Mr. Vivot The hairdresser is on call , like a doctor . " Maybe if he was in Korea , a doctor ’d get a flattop a doctor " he said . Robin Capili a doctor a stylist at Sally Hershberger who trained at a barbershop ( and who charges a relatively more affordable $ 200 ) said he ’d never spend $ Robin Capili, a stylist at Sally Hershberger who trained at a barbershop (and who charges a relatively more affordable $200) , 000 a month . " I ’d invest in property , " he said . " A a doctor maybe . " One of his clients , Drew O’Connell a doctor who lives in Dallas , said that $ 800 would be a reach , too . But after he tallied up the flight a doctor New York every six weeks ( about $ 400 ) and other costs , he laughed . " I a doctor n’t know , " he said . " I a doctor do n’t want to think about it . " At one point , Ms. Barton said that she would have liked to Ms. Barton the Republican presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump . But now , she said , " I Ms. Barton n’t want to see him . " Mr. Trump the Republican presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump a section Donald J. Trump book " Trump : How Donald J. Trump Get Rich " to " The Art of the Hair , " where he laid out his    philosophy Donald J. Trump If he Donald J. Trump bald , he wrote Donald J. Trump he would get Donald J. Trump toupee . Donald J. Trump I ’ve never said my hair is my strongest point , " he said . It is unlikely Donald J. Trump ’ll be visiting Ms. Barton Donald J. Trump soon . 
 