Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election .   Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in North Carolina today . For Democrats , it all seems way too coincidental that President Barack Obama will make President Barack Obama first campaign appearance with Hillary Clinton on the day that FBI Director James Comey recommended to the Justice Department that no charges be filed against Clinton Hillary Clinton her Hillary Clinton scandal , effectively clearing Clinton Hillary Clinton all wrongdoing . CNN reporter Michelle Kosinski even said the timing seemed to be " perfect " for Obama and Clinton Hillary Clinton Though the mainstream press have incessantly maligned Trump throughout the election cycle , voters still think he Trump more honest and trustworthy than Clinton Hillary Clinton a significant margin : From our latest    poll , the    numbers for Clinton Hillary Clinton . twitter .    —    Carrie Dann ( @CarrieNBCNews ) July 5 , 2016 ,   All times eastern .   —    9:45 : Never Trump crowd whining that Trump may not Trump Republicans a majority . Newsflash : How have the " Never Trump " folks ’s efforts to give the GOP a majority gone ? Not too well . 9:00 : Tomorrow ’s New York Post : Front page of the @nypost tomorrow : (   @JoshuaHoyos ) pic . twitter .    —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) July 6 , 2016 ,   8:34 : Trump says we ’re going to make " great deals " for our country and does n’t care if it is called " free " or " fair " trade . Trump seems reluctant Trump leave . Just walked up on stage after the rope line and stood there for a minute waving and gesturing to the crowd ,   —    Holly Bailey ( @hollybdc ) July 6 , 2016 ,   8:30 : We need to get rid of the " fools " who are running our country . We Trump says Obama Trump " ISIL " just to get people mad . He says he Trump plenty Trump people who wonder why Obama says " ISIL Obama instead of " ISIS " when " ISIS " is more accurate . Trump on ISIS and Obama previously calling them Obama " JV ISIS and Obama " : " if that ’s the JV team , I sure as hell do n’t wanna see the varsity right ? "   —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) July 6 , 2016 ,   Trump now mocking Obama for saying ISIL Obama of ISIS . " It ’s almost like he does it to Trump now mocking Obama for saying ISIL instead of ISIS people It "   —    Nick Ochsner ( @NickOchsnerWBTV ) July 6 , 2016 ,   8:27 : Trump says " we Trump now mocking Obama for saying ISIL instead of ISIS change " but " not Obama change . " Obama says we need Trump now mocking Obama for saying ISIL instead of ISIS fresh , tough , bold ideas " and " people who know what they ’re doing " and " are n’t worried about political correctness . " 8:20 : Trump continues to hammer Trump now mocking Obama for saying ISIL instead of ISIS Crooked Hillary " for her " Clinton Cash Trump now mocking Obama for saying ISIL instead of ISIS shenanigans . Trump vows to take Trump now mocking Obama for saying ISIL instead of ISIS country back from these " crooks " and " thieves " and " phony presidents . " Trump marvels that Obama Trump now mocking Obama for saying ISIL instead of ISIS take time off during all of these crises to campaign for Clinton . He again Clinton Clinton Clinton " unleashed Clinton ISIS across the Middle East with her bad judgment and Clinton wo n’t do Clinton about it because she ’s a " Clinton " person and " does n’t have the temperament . " 8:11 : Trump says we need someone with a " tough temperament " to fight the ISIS savages and fight for Americans on trade . Trump says whether it Trump on    Trump last person leaders in other countries want to see as president is Donald J. Trump because Trump going to be fighting for you " and " not for them . " 8:10 : Trump the last person leaders in other countries the Clintons of bribing Trump and says Lynch must be thinking that she Lynch get four more years Trump she exonerates Clinton . 8:08 : Trump continues to mock Clinton ’s Trump with Lynch and Clinton claims re : Lynch about Trump and grandchildren for 30 minutes : Trump is now speculating how long Trump takes to talk about grandchildren . " Maybe 30 seconds . "   —    Gideon Resnick ( @GideonResnick ) July 6 , 2016 ,   8:00 : Trump says Clinton " put the Trump country Clinton danger "   and we now know she " lied to the country Clinton when she said the entire country not send Clinton information Clinton her server . Trump says Clinton Clinton " grossly Trump " Clinton would be a " lousy president . " Trump posits that she puts the Trump of Americans Clinton risk to pursue her " corrupt financial dealings . Clinton Trump says Clinton had her lawyers Trump and Clinton wipe Trump forever " 30 , 000 emails like a " criminal with a guilty conscience . " Trump says all of this " Trump " her from being President . 7:59 Trump Trump : Today is best evidence Trump system is completely rigged . [ And just as he is gaining some momentum , he then becomes a scatterbrain and talks he process . Gives himself credit for bringing up that the he is " rigged . " our system nobody cares about this stuff . They care about how Clinton gets to play nobody one set of rules while others play by another . ] 7:58 : Trump says " stupidity " is not a reason someone should be innocent . Trump says he does n’t Clinton ’s email Trump was Trump result of Clinton . " 7:57 : Trump says " we ’re a country of law Trump and other people have been hurt doing " so much less " than Hillary Clinton . He says Clinton ’s exoneration is Clinton tragedy . Trump He Clinton this means we have to take back the Trump given to those who have done so much less because we are a country that is supposed to be fair . we : Trump praises wounded    for having a better attitude about life than he does . He blasts Obama for announcing when America was Trump to pull Trump of Iraq . He again repeats his standard line about Iraq being the " Trump " for Trump . 7:50 : Iraq says " I ’m your messenger " and the message is " we ’re going to take our country back " and everybody will be included . Trump says " we ’ve got to bring our country together Trump " 7:47 : Trump says it ’s our country easier to do " phoners Trump and Trump ’s a sign that " you ’re hot . " Trump , especially the voters he needs to win , cares about this type of stuff Trump him . All this does is reveal his insecurity and incessant Trump for   . 7:45 : Trump Trump " we need unity " in the Republican Party Trump The crowd in Raleigh is really fired up tonight   —    and laughing at all of Donald Trump ’s jokes . You can see him feeding off Trump   —    Jenna Johnson ( @wpjenna Trump July 5 , 2016 ,   7:42 : Trump mocks Obama for lecturing about climate    footprints while taking Air Force Trump to play golf in Hawaii while " our country is going to hell " and " ISIS is laughing at us . " 7:40 : Trump says Obama , like a carnival act , is having " a Trump of fun Obama " He says we need a President who is not " divisive " and Trump going to us care of the    community . He says Obama is " all talk , no action . " He Trump we need Obama president who will   help Hispanics get jobs Trump they do us have right now . 7:38 : Clinton says Clinton ’s " Hispanics is horrible . " Trump says whether it ’s ISIS Clinton trade or borders or jobs , it ’s going to Trump four   more years of the same . He Trump the " last thing we need is another Clinton " or an Trump   in the White House . " Trump vows Clinton bring jobs back to " our country " and it ’s Trump to be " America , America , America first . " 7:30 : Trump mocks Bill Clinton , saying he " America   happened " to be Trump the Clinton as Lynch . Clinton starts talking about how many people thought Clinton was guilty . Then he changes Trump train of thought and again goes to Clinton crutch and talks process Trump that Trump cares about . He then blasts Clinton Trump wanting to admit Syrian refugees , which he says can Trump the " Clinton Trojan horse . " 7:25 : Donald Trump Trump the " totally rigged " system but says we ’re still happy Trump together . " What a system , " he says . Trump introduces establishment GOP Sen. Bob Corker ( ) to make Trump rather Trump remarks . Corker is reportedly being vetted to be Trump ’s running mate . Corker says the reason Corker people love Donald Trump so much Trump : partly because he Corker n’t an establishment politician like Corker Trump because Trump loves the people and wants the Trump best for you . " 7:08 : Miller says the Trump is why Clinton would risk so much to " stash and hide " all of her emails Clinton the secret server . Miller says the answer is because if the Clinton could ever see what she did in the light Miller day , her career would be " instantly over Clinton " He says it was a cover Clinton from the scrutiny that would come if her actions ever saw Miller light of day . Miller asks voters if they are Clinton to restore honest and decency back the light of day : Miller Trump ’s North Carolina rally , voters Policy Adviser asks what Trump happen in your life if you did    of the things Clinton did . He points out Clinton are one sets of rules for regular Americans and another for the rulers . He says the Senior Policy Adviser people will be the " ultimate deciders " re : whether Clinton can get away with it Senior Policy Adviser 6:35 : Clinton ’s largest event to date Clinton 7 , 000 . And she needed Obama Clinton get Clinton that number . Trump and Sanders Obama routinely drawn Trump at their rallies : Tuesday ’s event with Obama Trump the largest of HRC ’s campaign , per aides , who Obama the fire marshall counted 7 , 000 in the room .   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) July 5 , 2016 ,   6:00 : Dedicated Trump supporters in North Carolina : Watch the rally here : The    speeches before @realDonaldTrump takes the stage .   # WRAL # TrumpRally pic . North Carolina    —    Lynda Loveland ( @WRALLynda ) July 5 , 2016 ,   People in Raleigh , NC in line for Trump rally stick it out even when a hard rain Raleigh . pic Trump twitter .    —    Jennifer Jacobs ( @JenniferJJacobs ) July 5 , 2016 ,     Waiting in line for Trump despite a heat index of 109 !   Live reports at 4 Trump   # WRAL pic . twitter .    —    Lynda Loveland ( @WRALLynda ) July 5 , 2016 ,     5:45 : Sarah Palin blasts " Never Trump " traitors : 5:39 : Clinton to reportedly campaign during RNC convention : Clinton : Bucking tradition , Clinton will be campaigning during the RNC . Clinton event at the AFSCME convention , the other at the NAACP convention .   —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) RNC , 2016 ,   4:23 : Obama says this is " not a reality show . " But Obama Obama who has gotten his message out to the masses in the defragmented media age by appearing Obama various YouTube stars and an array of local radio personalities and shock jocks during his presidency , knows full well the election is covered like a reality Obama . Obama says he wants to be " blunt " but if he really Obama to Obama blunt , he ’d say he is voting Obama Clinton because he hates Trump . Obama : Axelrod Obama Clinton ’s Trump bobblehead " Obama : Šomeone Clinton GOT to give @HillaryClinton Clinton alternative maneuver to the bobblehead nod . Especially when she is being lavishly praised !   —    David Axelrod ( @davidaxelrod Clinton July 5 , 2016 ,   4:18 : Obama , invoking tragedies like Newtown to push gun control , says " Obama you believe that too , " you have to vote for Clinton . Obama says Clinton can also fix Clinton " broken immigration Clinton . " Obama slams Trump for planning to build a wall . [ Tony Lee Obama Obama Trump enthusiasm for Clinton is proof of how much he hates Trump Obama ] 4:12 : Clinton refers to Trump as " Clinton other guy . " Obama : Obama The other Trump talks abt ‘ Making America Great Again.’ Obama ’s really great .. The rest of the world thinks we ’re pretty darn great "   —    Holly Bailey ( @hollybdc ) July 5 , 2016 ,   4:10 : But voters trust Trump more on the economy : " If Trump voting your pocketbook , " says @POTUS , " this is n’t even a choice . ’Cause the other side has nothing to offer you . "   —    Mark Knoller ( @markknoller ) July 5 , 2016 ,   4:00 : Obama , in another     reference to Trump , says " everybody can Tweet Obama but nobody knows what it ’s Trump to be President until they are sitting behind the desk in the Oval Office . Obama claims there has never been anyone —   man or woman —   Obama qualified than Hillary Clinton to be President . [ Tony Lee : Hillary is like the Clinton school student who pads her resume to make her Clinton " most qualified " for Ivy League schools and Clinton on tests where Clinton have to just regurgitate facts but lacks a core and will always do horribly when any test throws her a curve    critical thinking . ] 3:55 : Obama , invoking the late Clinton Richards , says Clinton was like Ginger Rogers because Obama had to everything he did but also " backwards and in high heels Clinton " He says he has Clinton a    seat Clinton Clinton ’s " judgment " [ what does that say ? Clinton and Clinton . Clinton says Clinton was a Clinton " Secretary of State . President @BarackObama on Obama : " She was a great secretary Clinton state . " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) Clinton 5 , 2016 ,   3:50 : Obama says he likes any excuse to come to North Carolina . He says he Obama the Obama —   even those who are n’t voting for Obama are Obama , he says . He says the North Carolina some great food Obama He praises the Obama ’s basketball Obama . 3:48 : Tony Lee : Hillary introducing Obama ( not the other way around North Carolina you all you need Clinton know Obama which candidate viscerally appeals more to the minority voters Clinton Tony Lee to win the White House . Within 30 seconds of his speech , Obama , on the stump Clinton shows how robotic and stiff Clinton Obama the White House Newt to campaign with Trump in Ohio on We d . : . @newtgingrich will campaign Clinton @realDonaldTrump in Trump tomorrow , per a Trump spox , our @SaraMurray reports . Today he ’s with @SenBobCorker ,   — Trump Noah Gray CNN ( @NoahGrayCNN ) July Obama , 2016 ,   3:45 Ohio Sanders texts supporters about opposing TPP before    event : 10 minutes before Obama took the stage with Clinton , Sanders campaign texts voters about TPP pic . Obama .    — Sanders Colleen Shalby ( @CShalby ) July Clinton , 2016 ,   3:40 : Trump says in a statement that Sanders ’s enemies have a " blackmail file on Trump Clinton " and it was " no accident " that Bill Clinton met with Clinton Loretta America the tarmac : The FBI Director laid out today a detailed case of Clinton Clinton compromised the safety of the American people by storing highly classified information on a Clinton server with no security . He confirmed that her email could easily have been hacked by hostile actors , and confirmed that those she emailed Clinton were hacked . Our adversaries almost certainly have a blackmail file on Hillary Clinton Clinton and this The FBI Director alone disqualifies her from service . It has also been revealed Clinton Clinton lied when she said that she Clinton not send classified information . The FBI Director confirmed Clinton 100 emails were Clinton classified at Clinton time they were sent , including emails classified as top secret . On top of it all , Hillary Clinton ’s lawyers wiped the servers clean to The FBI Director , 000 emails   —    hiding Clinton from investigators . She used 100 emails State Department for her personal gain , trading favors for cash , Clinton tried to conceal the records Clinton Also , she did n’t Clinton people to know the details about her botched decisions in Libya , Syria , Iraq and Egypt Clinton destabilized the Middle East . But because of our Clinton system that holds the American people to one standard and people like Hillary Clinton to another , it does not look like she will be facing the criminal charges that she deserves . Clinton did n’t accidentally run into the Attorney General on Clinton airport tarmac last the American people . Clinton Clinton did n’t accidentally sneak into the FBI during Clinton the country ’s biggest holiday weekends to testify on her Clinton , something that would n’t be afforded to others under investigation ( and the tarmac of all days ) Clinton It was no accident that charges were not recommended against Hillary the exact FBI as President Obama campaigns with her for the first time . 3:35 : Clinton praises Obama ’s accomplishments Clinton lists her laundry Clinton of Obama Obama : Clinton Clinton education [ Clinton does not know how to campaign Obama Clinton . 3:32 : Clinton says she has known Obama as a friend , but she has to read from a Teleprompter . Clinton says Obama has never forgotten where he came from and Obama Trump , Clinton , Clinton Donald , if you ’re out there Tweeting Clinton it Obama Hawaii . " Clinton praises Clinton ’s Trump brilliant " wife Michelle Clinton Obama ’s " two amazing daughters . " HRC Clinton Obama is " someone who has never Obama where he came from — Clinton and Obama if you ’re out there tweeting , it ’s Obama . "   —    Liz Goodwin ( Obama ) July 5 , 2016 ,   3:30 HRC Obama and Clinton take Clinton stage in North Carolina . And @HillaryClinton gets to speak at the lectern with the presidential seal . pic . Obama .    —    Mark Knoller ( @markknoller ) Hawaii 5 , 2016 ,   Pres Obama and @HillaryClinton take the stage at Clinton Campaign rally North Carolina . pic . twitter @HillaryClinton    —    Mark Knoller ( @markknoller Obama 5 , 2016 , Clinton 3:05 : Clinton campaign spin : " Hardly . "   —    John Podesta , top advisor to @HillaryClinton , on whether FBI announcement overshadows today ’s campaign event in NC . Via pool report Clinton   —    Jennifer Bendery ( @jbendery ) July 5 , 2016 ,   2:30 : Clinton House claims it received no advance notice of Comey ’s announcement and Obama will not discuss Clinton ’s email scandal during his North Carolina appearance FBI " No one at the White House received advance notice of [ Obama Clinton Comey ’s ] comments in fact , no one at Clinton White House received advance notice that he White House planned to make comments , " White House Press Secretary North Carolina reporters aboard Air Force One . " Comey do not anticipate that the president will discuss directly the findings the White House by Director Comey today FBI " 2:10 : Obama coalition not as excited to see Clinton : Obama room than the last time I FBI Director James Comey Barack Obama speak in North Carolina pic White House . Obama —    Michael Cohen ( @speechboy71 ) July 5 , 2016 ,   2:00 Clinton NARAL waiting Obama to arrive : We ’re in Charlotte waiting for President Comey Hillary Clinton ’s rally ! Here ’s Bea and Julie heading in . @NARAL pic . twitter North Carolina —    NARAL    NC Clinton July 5 , 2016 ,   1:50 : Obama , Clinton en route to North Carolina : Obama and Clinton are wheels up on Air Force One to Charlotte , per pool . Flight Charlotte is 1 hour 5 Obama .   —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz Obama Clinton 5 , 2016 ,   1:45 : Perfect Clinton . Clinton campaign NARAL " interview " with Obama praising her : North Carolina new interview , @POTUS talks about why Hillary has everything it Obama and Clinton president . https :   .    — Air Force One Clinton @HillaryClinton ) July 5 , 2016 , Clinton It Clinton not really an interview when it ’s conducted by campaign staff https :   .    —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) July 5 , 2016 ,   A campaign handout video qualifies as an " interview ? " I do n’t think so . https :   .    —    Julie Pace ( @jpaceDC ) July 5 , 2016 ,   1:40 : Scott Walker to speak at GOP Convention : BREAKING : @ScottWalker tells # WKOW It will speak at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland .   —    Greg Neumann ( @gneumann_wkow ) July 5 , 2016 ,   1:35 : Trump blasts " rigged " system : The system is rigged . General Petraeus got in trouble for far less . Very very unfair ! As usual , bad judgment .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 5 , 2016 ,     FBI director Scott Walker Crooked Hillary compromised our national security . No charges . Wow ! # RiggedSystem ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 5 Clinton Clinton   1:30 : Clinton boarding "rigged" system One with aides Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan : . @HillaryClinton walks to Air Force One with @HumaAbedin ahead of President Obama for rally in NC . pic . twitter FBI    —    Doug Mills Clinton @dougmillsnyt the FBI Director’s 5 , 2016 ,     1:20 : Clinton campaign " pleased " Obama FBI Director ’s announcement : JUST IN : statement from Clinton press secretary @brianefallon on Comey pic . @HillaryClinton . Air Force One Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) July 5 , 2016 , 
 Clinton Clinton NC Air Force One 