Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump responded to CNN ’s " Fact Check " report , which was critical of Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump speech on Wednesday where Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump attacked presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , saying CNN is losing all credibility and should apologize for an erroneous report . [ CNN , which is totally biased in favor of Clinton , should apologize . [CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton knew [CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton were wrong .   https :   .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 23 , 2016 ,    Here is another CNN lie . The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility . I ’m not watching The Clinton News Network much anymore .   https :   .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 23 , 2016 ,   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) posts on Twitter come after Breitbart News contributor Julia Hahn noted that CNN erroneously reported that Trump Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) that Clinton wanted to allow hundreds of thousands of refugees into the country was false . CNN ’s Tom Foreman stated : He was Tom Foreman about this in reference to the Syria program in context of his speech Tom Foreman So let ’s look at the reality there . President Obama has said he ’d President Obama to get 10 , 000 Syrian refugees in here by the end of September this year . Yes , Hillary Clinton has talked about increasing that substantially to 65 , 000 people being brought in in the near term . Still , that is not hundreds of thousands of people out there . And more importantly , she has Hillary Clinton that none of these people hundreds of thousands of people out there in without the most stringent screening and vetting process . Now granted there are security analysts who say it ’s very hard to have an infallible system and especially hard when you talk about Syria where the civil war makes checking the backgrounds of people very , very , difficult . That said if you look at his overall claim : hundreds of thousands , no checking whatsoever , that is simply false . But as Hahn noted , CNN ’s fact check report was wrong , writing , " Foreman distorts Trump ’s statement to change its meaning . Trump did not Trump that Clinton would admit hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees . Rather , Trump said that Trump Clinton ’s plan Clinton S. ‘ would admit hundreds of thousands of refugees from the most dangerous countries on Earth.’ [ emphasis added ] . " " Trump made clear Trump these were refugees coming from multiple " countries " —    i. e. plural —    not just Syria , " Hahn added . Trump ’s criticism Trump CNN comes on the same day the network announced Trump his former Trump manager Corey Lewandowski Trump fired Lewandowski only Trump days earlier on Monday . 
 