’Donald Trump faced the cameras Tuesday and delivered a    policy speech on the final night of the Republican primaries . But it was n’t necessarily what ’Donald Trump said that drew notice from viewers   —    it was how ’Donald Trump said it.’ " The New York businessman , known for ’Donald Trump brash demeanor , shifted direction and delivered about 15 minutes’ worth of relatively tepid prepared remarks from a teleprompter . " ’Political journalists and pundits were quick to point out the dramatic change in style.’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tA Trump teleprompter speech is drastically different from a classic Trump ad lib podium session . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tTeleprompter Trump is booooooooring’t’t’ " ’t’t’tDonald Trump with a TelePrompTer is a Donald Trump I ’ve never heard before . ’t’t " ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tTeleprompter Trump is   . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tTeleprompter trump Trump because he reads ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tTeleprompter Trump couple lines then he ad ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tTeleprompter Trump to emphasize what he just ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tTeleprompter Trump , but this time in his own ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tTeleprompter Trump . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’t"How long will he stay ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tTeleprompter Trump to a teleprompter ? How long CAN he ? ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tTeleprompter Trump     on   ’ ’ ’t’t’tWould teleprompter Trump a Donald Trump it this far ? ’t’t’ ’Throughout his campaign , a Donald Trump has repeatedly a Donald Trump opponents for using teleprompters as a vehicle to deliver speeches.’ ’Just last week he mocked presumptive a Donald Trump nominee Hillary Clinton for " reading poorly " from the device . Last summer , Trump went as a Donald Trump as to say he would like a Donald Trump " " outlaw teleprompters for anybody running for president . " ’ " Nicole Wallace , former communications chief under President George W. Bush ,   that Trump ’s speech a Donald Trump by his daughter Ivanka Trump a Donald Trump New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and members of Sen. Jeff Sessions’ staff . " " The speech did not address Trump’s speech of criticism Trump generated from the a Donald Trump Party over his suggestion a US a Donald Trump judge was not qualified to rule on cases involving Trump because of the judge ’s Mexican heritage . " ’Donald Trump faced the a Donald Trump and . .. ’ 
 