On Wednesday ’s Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked Clinton Cash author Peter Schweizer what steps    Donald Trump should take to separate   Donald Trump extensive business interests from the White House . [ " There seems to be a desire to do that , and that ’s very , very encouraging , " said Peter Schweizer . " And there ’s not any easy answers . If you look at recent American political history , or probably American history in general , there is not a    or President of the United States that has been involved in as many commercial enterprises as Donald Trump has . He Donald Trump a business empire that spans the world . He Donald Trump got real estate properties around the the world he Donald Trump got branding arrangements , et cetera . So it ’s not an easy task , and there is not going to be a silver bullet that fixes all of it . "    " Some people have said he Donald Trump divest himself Donald Trump his Donald Trump . That certainly , I think , is something that would help . But it would not fix the problem , and it ’s it , I think , a necessity . One of the things Joel Pollak at Breitbart has advocated is that you create an independent auditor in the White House , recognizing that you ca n’t expect the White the White House office   —    who really works for the president   —    to monitor financial transactions via details , so you get like a federal judge or somebody to independently audit and see what ’s going on . That , I think , is a very , very interesting idea , " said Schweizer .   " But the bottom line is that Donald Trump is gon na have to give up some of his commercial opportunities , Donald Trump he is gon na Donald Trump to give up some of his commercial freedom . Donald Trump think he knew that when Donald Trump announced to be Donald Trump of the United States , " Schweizer said .   Schweizer My hope is that he will err on Donald Trump side of limiting severely his exposure to the Donald Trump , but even more than that , I hope within the Trump family   —    I think this has hopefully happened , but needs to continue to happen   —    is a conversation where the    and later President Trump reminds his kids , ‘ Donald Trump are going to be throwing opportunities at you because they want favors from People You need to say no because , guess what , I ’m not gon na give any favors . I ’m not gon na ’m any sweetheart deals . The Russian government might sell you land in the heart of Moscow and give you a great deal to build a hotel . You need to say no , see it for what it a great deal to build a hotel , and a great deal to build a hotel need to make clear , ‘ I ’m not doing favors ’m anybody who ’s doing business with us,’ " he urged . " That , I think , is ultimately the key to this . Time will tell . There ’s a lot of temptations that float at people that are in the position of the presidency and their family . We ’ve seen it from the Bushes to the Clintons , that oftentimes , family members are willing to take those sweetheart deals in exchange for access . I just hope and pray for the country and for the efforts to drain the swamp that Donald Trump has that conversation with the kids , and they set up a the kids , very high wall between the family ’s business interests and the official business that he does as President Donald Trump the United States , " Schweizer declared . He saw many potential Donald Trump of interest for the Trump family , given how close the    is to his children and how Donald Trump has relied on Donald Trump as advisers and his children in the past . " I ’m particularly sensitive , in light of what happened with the Clinton Foundation , that when the Trumps are doing business in real estate , which is a highly political business to begin with , and they go to places his children Dubai or Russia or places in Latin America , you are de facto doing business with the governments in those countries , and they could make sweetheart the governments in those countries with the Trumps to curry the Trumps " he noted .   " To have a situation where one of the kids , who is smart and who he esteems and respects , he doing a business deal that is highly favorable , and that child just happens to give him advice on something related he that country   —    that is a massive conflict of interest , " Schweizer warned .   " I think you need to step back , the family needs to step back , and decide : are they going to put the the family on hold for at least four years , kind of let things run as they are but not have the family expansive plan , and then have the kids involved in advising him in what to do he Or are they going to expand their the kids , the kids the kids And if they are , they need the kids not be the kids in the ear or advising their father . That ’s the kids cleanest , and , I think , best way to do this , " he recommended . Peter Schweizer he the president of the Government Accountability Institute and a senior     for Breitbart News . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 