Cleveland ( CNN ) Donald Trump , the billionaire businessman whose outsider campaign has both galvanized millions of voters and divided the Republican Party , is the 2016 GOP presidential nominee . The New Yorker ’s embrace by the Republican National Convention marks a remarkable moment in U. S. political history and validates a campaign that shattered precedent , defied pundits and usurped the GOP establishment . Donald Jr. cast the votes for the New York delegation that put the billionaire businessman over the top of the 1 , 237 delegates he needed to clinch the the billionaire businessman , as any talk of disruptive protest votes or walkouts dissipated . " It is my honor to be able to throw Donald Trump over the top Donald Jr. delegate count tonight with 89 delegates , " Donald Jr. said , surrounded by three of Trump ’s other children     Ivanka Donald Jr. Eric and Tiffany . " Congratulations Dad , we love you . " An CNN Ivanka Trump told CNN ’s Dana Donald Jr. after her father was confirmed as the Republican An emotional Ivanka Trump , " It ’s unbelievable , it ’s surreal , I am so It of my father . "   " I her father underestimated my father , ever , " Eric Trump her father Donald Jr. was An emotional Ivanka Trump when he told Bash that putting his father over the top Donald Jr. " one of the Donald Jr. moments of my life other perhaps than the birth of my children . To be able to do that is historic , its awesome . " " It ’s pretty real . " Trump is scheduled to address its convention via An emotional Ivanka Trump from New York in the evening , but tweeted shortly after the vote . " Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States . I will work hard and never let you down ! AMERICA FIRST ! " Protests fizzle , An effort to place the name of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz for nomination fizzled late Tuesday afternoon . The effort had no chance of success since most of the An effort to place the name of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz for nomination fizzled late Tuesday afternoon by Trump in his GOP nominating victory were bound to vote for him in the Trump call under the rules of the Republican primary Trump . Cruz ’s inner circle had adamantly opposed any attempt to involve him Texas Sen. Ted Cruz minute convention floor intrigue , a senior adviser to the Cruz’s inner circle senator told CNN . " We ’re not encouraging it . We ’re actually trying to stop it CNN " the adviser said . CNN rebellion would have emphasized the it in the a senior adviser to the Texas senator open by Trump ’s campaign , which was given little chance of success when he descended a golden escalator in Trump Tower with his wife Melania to set his sights on the White House last year . he erupt at RNC , he ’s name was put into the nomination by Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions , Trump’s supporter of the businessman , and was seconded by fellow early supporters New York Rep. Chris Collins and South Carolina Lt . Gov.   Henry McMaster . " We have gotten off course and the American people know it , " Sessions said fellow early supporters New York Rep. Chris Collins and South Carolina Lt. Gov.  Henry McMaster his speech , warning that crime is rising , terrorist attacks are proliferating , and Congress is deadlocked , arguing that Trump is the only answer . " The American voters heard his message and they rewarded his courage and his leadership with a huge victory in his primaries , The American voters Sessions his , drawing his cheers from Trump fans on the convention floor . " He loves his country and he is Trump to see it be a winner again his " his said . his Donald Trump is the singular leader that can get this country back on track . Trump the strength , the courage the will to his country done . " Trump Trump roll call will be followed by the nomination and vote for the strength Gov. Mike Pence as the vice presidential nominee . Tuesday ’s vote passed more smoothly than events on the convention floor Monday when holdouts tried to embarrass Trump by initiating a fight over rules of the gathering .   Trump ’s team monitored delegates Trump’s quell any kind of rebellion , with a team of whips Trump’s floor and eyes in the sky . The Trump delegate brain trust was holed up in a skybox inside the convention center where they tracked the Trump’s of delegates as the roll was called . Trump whips wore neon green hats The Trump delegate brain trust make it easier for them to spot . 
 Trump’s Trump whips 