Washington ( CNN ) Eric Trump said Tuesday Eric Trump sister , Ivanka , is " strong " and " powerful " and would never allow Eric Trump to be sexually harassed by Eric Trump boss . " Ivanka is a strong , powerful woman , Ivanka would n’t allow Ivanka to be [ subjected ] to Ivanka , and by the way , you should take Ivanka up with Human Resources , and I think Ivanka would as a strong person , at the same time , I do n’t think Ivanka would allow Ivanka to be subjected to that , " Ivanka told CBS ’s Charlie Rose on " CBS This Morning " while discussing former Fox News head Roger Ailes alleged sexual harassment of women employees . Eric Trump says father apologized to Khans ( but Eric Trump has n’t )   Fox News host Megyn Kelly , who it Fox News been reported was harassed years ago by Ailes Roger Ailes tweeted one word about Eric Eric Trump comments : " Sigh . " Donald Trump Eric Trump this week when he said that Eric Trump would " find another career or find another company " if she were subjected Eric Trump sexual harassment .   Eric Trump also Eric Trump the Trump Organization treats sexual harassment in the work place as " an absolute   . " " We all run a company , my father runs a company , we take this     that is an absolute    anywhere , and that ’s very much the case , " he said .   Eric Trump Trump later reiterated Eric Trump harassment is a " " in response to a Twitter user with the handle @ErickaAnderson who said : " I do n’t think @EricTrump understands sexual harassment . " " I said sexual harassment is a " no go " and should be addressed by Human Resources . It ’s totally unacceptable behavior , " he tweeted . Later on Eric Trump , Ivanka Trump told Fox News Eric Trump I think harassment in general , regardless , sexual or otherwise , is totally inexcusable and if it transpires it needs to be reported and it needs to be dealt with it a company level . "   " We have a very strong HR team at the Trump Organization , who is equipped to deal with these issues if they arise and you hope they these issues arise , you hope these issues have a culture in which they do n’t arise , but these issues they do it needs to be these issues with it , " she said during a     interview with Fox News’ Greta Van Susteren on " On The Record . " This story has been updated . 
 