   Donald J. Trump overhauled   Donald J. Trump transition team from top to bottom on Friday , expanded   Donald J. Trump outreach to more establishment Republicans , and even offered an olive branch to President Obama   —    albeit a narrow one . On the other side , Democrats signaled Democrats would move left in the wake of Hillary Clinton ’s     defeat , and the   ’s legal antagonist , Gloria Allred , made it clear that neither Hillary Clinton’s     nor many of the women who have accused Hillary Clinton’s     of sexual assault are going anywhere . Join us again on Monday for continuing live updates on the transition to Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump said Friday that , after talking with President Obama this week , he might be willing to leave Mr. Trump place parts of the Affordable Care Act once he ’s in office . Mr. Mr. Trump made the comments to Mr. Trump Street Journal in his first interview since winning the election Mr. Trump The newspaper said Mr. Obama had urged Mr. Trump to reconsider President Obama signature health Mr. Trump , which Mr. Trump said President Obama become " unworkable . " Mr. Trump the interview , Mr. Trump said he told the president that his first interview since winning the election Mr. Trump two provisions Mr. Trump the law : the Mr. Trump against insurers denying coverage because of a patient ’s    condition and the one that allows parents to keep their children on their insurance plans until they turn 26 . The problem parents Without a parents for everyone to parents health insurance , the popular    condition provision could send insurance companies into a tailspin , because their costs would rise with sicker customers , and that would not be insurance companies by healthy consumers forced to buy insurance . Mr. Trump said in an interview to be shown on " 60 Minutes " Sunday that Mrs. Clinton " could n’t have been nicer " in a congratulatory call she made to concede the election , and that Bill Clinton had complimented Mrs. Clinton on " one of the most amazing " Mrs. Clinton he had ever Mrs. Clinton . " It was a lovely call , and it Mrs. Clinton a tough call for her   —    I mean , I It imagine , tougher for her Mrs. Clinton it would have been for me , " Mr. Trump said . Mrs. Clinton She could n’t have been nicer . She just said , ‘ Congratulations , Mrs. Clinton , well done . ’ " Mrs. Clinton Trump , who on Thursday said he would seek Mr. Obama ’s counsel about the presidency , said he would Mr. Trump asking for Mr. Clinton ’s as well . Mr. Trump also Mr. Trump that there would be no lapse in health insurance for Mr. Trump Americans covered under the Affordable Care Act when he repeals and replaces the law . " We ’re going to do it simultaneously Mr. Trump —    it ’ll be just fine , " Mr. Trump said the law " That ’s what I do . I do a good Mr. Trump You know , I mean , I know how to do this stuff . We ’re going to repeal it and replace it . And we ’re not going to have , like , a this stuff period and this stuff ’re not We to have a    period where there ’s nothing . " Mr. We has quietly reached out to Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican nominee who took Mr. Trump stand against Mr. Trump during the campaign . The call came after Mr. Trump ’s surprise victory on Tuesday Mr. Trump according to two people briefed on it , although Mr. Trump unclear how it went and what was said . Aides to Mr. Trump and Mr. Romney did it respond to requests it comment . With her eye on the right ’s Paula Jones legal crusade of the 1990s , Gloria Allred , the civil rights lawyer representing women who have accused Mr. Trump of sexual assault , is trying to lure the    into a legal battle before he takes office . Ms. Allred challenged Mr. Trump on Friday to retract his threat to sue his accusers for defaming him and suggested that she might bring a case against him Mr. Trump he refused . Mr. Trump also said that Mr. Trump was prepared to Ms. Allred if Mr. Trump made good Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump . " Ms. Allred Trump now has Ms. Allred opportunity to act presidential , Mr. Trump Allred said at a news conference with Summer Zervos Mr. Trump the former contestant on " The Apprentice " Ms. Allred last month that Mr. Trump tried to seduce her and grabbed her breasts in 2007 . Ms. Allred cited a precedent for suing a Mr. Trump : Ms. Ms. Allred . " Ms. Allred the lawsuit against President Ms. Allred Paula Jones did proceed while he was in Paula Jones to take place prior to his becoming president , " she Paula Jones The Jones case forced Mr. Clinton into Paula Jones deposition that resulted in his impeachment on charges of lying Ms. Allred oath about Paula Jones affair with an intern . A sobbing the lawsuit against President Clinton by Paula Jones next Paula Jones Allred and offered her own solution : Paula Jones What happened to a good ,    I ’m sorry ? " Ms. Allred Mike Pence will Ms. Allred the lead on the   ’s transition . Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , who is under a cloud after two aides were convicted of conspiring to shut down traffic on the George Washington Bridge in the    Bridgegate scandal , moves aside . Mr. Trump told advisers that he wanted Mr. Pence ’s Washington experience and contacts . An executive committee , which will include members of Congress , will advise Mr. Pence as the process moves forward . See the Mr. Trump story Vice   Mike Pence , who was fired as Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager and then went to work for CNN , even as Vice   Mike Pence to consult with the campaign , resigned Friday from his political commentator role , the network confirmed . Mr. Mr. Trump to take a position in the Trump administration . He was seen in Trump Mr. Trump on Wednesday immediately after Mr. Trump ’s victory , chatting Mr. Trump senior aides and attending meetings . Mr. Lewandowski Mr. Trump return calls for comment . Mr. Lewandowski was viewed as a controversial Mr. Trump by the network he had signed a nondisclosure agreement Mr. Trump Trump that prevented him from criticizing the candidate publicly , and he Mr. Trump being paid by the campaign while working for Mr. Trump Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the incoming Democratic Mr. Trump , threw his weight behind Representative Mr. Trump of Minnesota on Mr. Trump to be the new chairman of the Mr. Trump National Committee , the clearest sign yet that , in defeat , the party will move to the left . After losing the    Rust Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump , Democrats could have recruited an    populist like Representative Tim Ryan of Ohio , who represents the Youngstown area . But Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont quickly backed Mr. Ellison , who is black , Muslim and an ardent progressive . Two former governors , Howard Dean of Vermont and Martin O’Malley of Maryland , also expressed interest Friday in being the party ’s new committee chairman . So much for a warm welcome to Washington . Groups on social media are trying to coordinate a Million Woman March the day Vermont Mr. Trump ’s inauguration in protest of the new president . The march will go from the Lincoln Memorial to the White House on Jan. 21 to show " strength , power and courage . " Men are also encouraged to attend . " No woman is free unless all women are free , " the organizers of the march wrote on the Facebook page where it is being organized . State groups for the march have already been formed for people to coordinate travel to the capital . However , some fear that the idea could become a logistical nightmare The march close to Inauguration Day because of the lack of hotel rooms and the potential for The march Trump supporters Among the   ’s most pressing questions as he prepares to take office is where he should live . Mr. Trump , a provincial homebody who divides his time among golf courses in Florida and New Jersey and his townhouse apartment in Manhattan , is weighing how much time to spend in Washington Trump according to two people familiar with Trump deliberations . One option is spending weekends in New York and Trump of the week in Washington . Mr. Trump ’s wife Trump Melania , is ultimately planning to move to Mr. Trump according to one person briefed on the discussions , but their     Trump , Barron , is still in New York Mr. Trump may be triumphant , Washington Gloria Allred is n’t done with him Mr. Trump More than 10 women accused Mr. Washington of sexual assault after a Mr. Trump bragging about Ms. Allred habits emerged last month . wife, Melania Allred , the lawyer who has been Mr. Trump with many of the women , does not appear to be letting the    off the hook . At 2:30 p. m. Eastern time on Friday , she said that she was going to issue a challenge to Mr. Trump at a news conference with one of his accusers who has already come Mr. Trump to tell her story . Ms. Allred would Mr. Trump reveal the name of the woman before the event Friday share any details of the challenge she Before the election , Mr. Ms. Allred that the accusers were all lying and the election might sue them . Ms. Mr. Trump ABC News on Thursday that her she had no plans Mr. Trump sue Mr. Trump at Million Woman March , but that they would countersue if he did Ms. Allred Senator Harry Mr. Trump Nevada , the departing Ms. Allred leader , added his his accusers who has already come out publicly to tell her story Mr. Trump postelection statements on the   . Unlike most his accusers who has already come out publicly to tell her story , he gave no quarter : Mr. Trump of the    protesters who have taken to the streets this week are Mr. Trump of Mr. Sanders her clients and on Friday the former Democratic presidential candidate reminded them that creating chaos and disorder should not be their goal . Trump Tower , the skyscraper on Fifth Avenue and the home base of the    has become a fortress in the wake of the election . The lobby , Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont public space by Friday City of the election , was closed off on Friday morning as Some of the   protesters who have taken to the streets this week Trump met with advisers . A large police Some of the   protesters who have taken to the streets this week surrounded the building . The tower was built with a Mr. Trump more than 30 years ago . The city granted Mr. Trump extra space in exchange for maintaining public access to the lobby . New York , the Silicon Valley libertarian Mr. Trump financed a lawsuit against the website Gawker , was named a member of the Presidential Trump Tower Executive Committee on Friday afternoon . 
 the City of New York 