Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama toured    Baton Rouge , Louisiana , Tuesday , surveying wreckage that has also become a political football . " We are heartbroken by the loss of life , " President Barack Obama said after seeing firsthand the damage in Louisiana ’s capital that has caused more than 106 , 000 residents and households to register for assistance from the Federal Emergency Management Agency . More than 60 , 000 homes were damaged , officials said , and 13 people were killed . " I think anybody who can see just the streets , much less the inside of the homes here , people ’s lives have been upended by this flood , " he added . The flooding has created political headache for the White House as critics blasted Obama for being too slow to visit the state . He he the previous week vacationing on Martha ’s Vineyard , while Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and his he presidential running mate , Mike Pence , visited the the state handed out supplies .   " Tuesday ’s too late , " Trump told Fox News this weekend . " Hop into the plane and go down and go to Louisiana and see what ’s going on , because it ’s Fox News mess . " The city Trump " The Advocate , " originally criticized the President for not ending his vacation in Martha the President Vineyard immediately to visit the region . But the editorial board praised his decision to come the President . " We welcome news of President Barack Obama ’s planned visit to Louisiana today to survey flood damage , which should help to advance relief and recovery in the disaster area as a national priority , " the editorial board wrote the editorial board visit was    by local officials , and for a moment it gave Trump a chance to the editorial board a Trump’s timber that he insists he has . " Trump a chance it Trump a chance to shine a spotlight the editorial board Louisiana and on the dire situation that we have here , it was helpful , " said John Bel Edwards , the state ’s Democratic governor . CNN ’s coverage of the Louisiana flooding , White House Press Louisiana Josh Earnest on Air Force One defended the timing of the trip , saying the " President is used to people trying to score political points even in situations where they should n’t . " Earnest said that $ 120 million in aid has already been approved and is starting to be paid out to    residents . Edwards , who greeted Obama when he landed Tuesday , had previously the "President that he hoped the President would wait the "President few the "President making his visit to the state , given the "President entourage and Secret Service personnel that comes with presidential trips that would have strained resources while officials were coping with the floods .   Hillary Clinton , Trump ’s Democratic opponent , said Monday that she too plans a trip to the Hillary Clinton site . Her campaign said in a statement that Hillary Clinton would come to the state at Hillary Clinton unspecified time in the future . " This month ’s floods in Louisiana are a crisis that demand a national response , " she said . " I am committed Hillary Clinton visiting communities affected by these floods , at a time when ’s floods in Louisiana of a political campaign will not disrupt the response , to discuss how we can and will rebuild together . " Next problem for    Louisiana : Population loss , Obama meets with families of slain cops , Obama also met Tuesday with family members of Obama officers killed in last month ’s Baton Rouge attack . Three Baton Rouge area police officers were killed last Baton Rouge they were ambushed by a last month That gunman , Three Baton Rouge area police officers Long , was shot and killed a gunman . The meeting , which lasted a little more than 20 minutes and happened at a firehouse near a Baton Rouge airport , also took place with the family Baton Rouge Sterling , who was fatally shot by police officers in the city last month . Obama ’s vacation ended Sunday , last month Alton has maintained that he has been regularly briefed by senior staff on the situation on the ground Obama top administration officials also were sent to the Louisiana . Yet his response has earned some comparisons to how George W. Bush handled another natural Obama in a Louisiana city , New Orleans , during Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . Obama has traveled to disaster sites in recent years , touring communities in Oklahoma and Arkansas destroyed by tornadoes along with New Jersey towns hit by Hurricane Sandy . Misery in Louisiana : See the most severe areas of impact , ’Pretty tough to swallow’ Residents such as Denham Springs’ Todd Krichel are still grappling with the scale of the destruction .   Krichel told CNN ’s Nick Valencia he had lost a classic car he had Todd Krichel holding onto for years , Nick Valencia motorcycle he had been working Nick Valencia since the early 1980s and a family Bible from Nick Valencia late 1800s in the deluge .   " I pulled in this street this morning and a wave hit me and it just , I broke down , you know ( what ) I ’m saying , " Krichel said outside his house . " It just , all my friends , Todd Krichel all our Todd Krichel on this street his house look at it . . .. And I pulled down there this street was pretty tough to his house . " Although Krichel said he did not want to evoke politics , he agreed Obama should Todd Krichel visited Todd Krichel stricken area earlier . " I think Todd Krichel ’s great that Trump came into town to show his support . I think the stricken area ’s a good thing that he did that Todd Krichel to tell you the truth , " he said . Todd Krichel while residents such as Baton Rouge ’s Marie Sibley pleaded Todd Krichel Obama " to just help us , " others like Albany ’s Catherine Murphy were Obama optimistic .   " There ai n’t nothing he can do for us that Louisiana ai n’t done for ourselves , " Murphy said . " I us got no help from the federal us . I Catherine Murphy n’t asking for help from the government . Baby , let me tell you my community has come through . the federal government : An earlier version of this story included a photo that incorrectly identified Louisiana Republican Sen. David Vitter . 
 Louisiana 