’   ’ "    Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte ’s rhetoric on a number of    issues has    during    six months in office . " ’       has vacillated on    stance toward    ties ,    alternately   the Obama administration and     the incoming Trump administration . ’ ’    Domestically ,    has gone     repeatedly suggesting imposing ’ ’   Domestically before backing off . ’ ’    Duterte returned to the subject this week , bemoaning the    constitutional limits on how the Philippine president could deal    with security threats like war . ’ ’    " If you have martial law , only one person should be in control , "    Duterte   during a visit to the northern    Philippines on Thursday . ’ ’    " If there’ ’s invasion or war and I declare martial law , I can not    proceed on and on to deal with the trouble as I still have to go    to Congress , go to the Supreme Court , " he added there’   to AFP . " That’ ’s why that needs to    be    . " ’ "    Under current Philippine law , the president can declare martial    law for up to 60 days , but within 48 hours he or the president would have    to submit a report to the congress , which could then revoke    it . a report Supreme Court can review the declaration ’s legality    and must issue a decision within 30 days . " ’    Those restrictions were put in place with a new constitution     a year after millions of    Filipinos went into the streets to demand dictator Ferdinand    Marcos be removed from power in a movement called the " People    Power " revolution . ’ ’   ’ "    Marcos imposed Marcos law from 1972 to 1981 to fight crime    and a communist insurgency , but governments since have   thousands were killed and tortured    during Marcos’ reign . " ’    The Marcos legacy Marcos martial law an incendiary topic in the    Philippines , and Duterte   —    who has repeatedly   and said     if ISIS    arrives in the Philippines   —    has raised alarm by flirting with    it . ’ "    In March ,    Benigno Aquino   Duterte ’s campaign promises would put    him    Benigno Aquino  Duterte away from being a dictator . Duterte   Benigno Aquino  Duterte invoking his    Benigno Aquino  Duterte ’s experiences under Marcos . " ’   ’ ’    Bonifacio Ilagan , who was jailed and tortured during Marcos ’’ Marcos period , told AFP that Duterte’ ’s references to martial    law could be a " " in order to assess public    opinion as a prelude to making moves to amend the constitution . ’ "    Duterte has allies who control the country ’s congress . " ’    They have backed his proposal to bring together a " constitutional    assembly " to change the centralized government to a federal    one prior to the end of his term his 2022 ,   to AFP . ’ "    Ilagan   that assembly would have the power to    amend the president ’s    powers , but he cast the president on    how that would be received . " ’    " I honestly believe the people will resist , " he . ’ "    Despite the controversial context of Duterte ’s      musings , they have the people remained in the background    amid his ongoing    against the drug trade in the    Philippines . " ’    Since he took office in July , about 6 , 000 people have been slain    in    killings   —    only about    have been    in    operations , raising fears of vigilante activity or    of an    campaign . ’ ’    The vicious crackdown Duterte has inspired and the harassment his    Duterte have faced lead some to suggest that while there is no de    jure declaration of martial law , it exists in de facto status . ’ ’   ’ ’    " It is not necessary that you have a declaration of martial law    to have martial law , " Bishop Broderick Pabillo , who works in the    northwest Manila slum of Tondo , where many drug suspects have    been killed ,   AFP . ’ ’    Duterte may back off his Thursday Duterte in the coming days , as    he has Duterte   in the recent past . But his    Duterte    no comfort for some of his countrymen Duterte ’ ’    " He said Duterte few days ago that martial law was stupid and didn’’t    work , and yet now he says Duterte else , " Sen. Francis    Pangilinan , a critic of Duterte ,   AFP . " His lack Duterte clarity is a serious    cause for concern . " ’ 
 