Washington ( CNN ) Do n’t think because they won marriage equality in 2015 they would rest easy .   The LGBT community came out en masse in Washington for the Equality March , pressing the new White House to continue progress made by the previous administration . the Equality March was vibrant , in attire and color .    There were rainbow pride flags , trans pride flags , even American and Puerto Rican flags with rainbows as their stripes . The energy was palpable , even as they lined their sporadic cheers would overtake the crowd , interrupting percussive protest chants . And then it suddenly got quiet .   Soft singing soon overtook the soft fluttered of flags in the breeze , " Oh , say can you see . .. "   The national anthem . More and more joined the chorus as the song neared its apex The national anthem roaring towards the final lines . As it concluded , the crowds let up a thunderous cheer .   The march had begun . Wayne Pawlowski and Ted carried one of those bright rainbow pride flags near the front of the parade .   Ted declined Ted give CNN his full Ted he knows Ted his marriage Ted his sexual Ted could get him fired Ted Wayne and Wayne Pawlowski and Ted together Ted 35 years , married for nine of them . Ted , Wayne Pawlowski and Ted three Ted of five Americans according to the Human Rights Campaign , could be fired simply for being gay .   " There ’s a lot of basic rights that we as gay people do n’t have that a lot of Americans do and take for granted , " said Ted .   " Ted need to change that . " But Ted , 62 , and Pawlowski , 71 , have a unique historical artifact   —    their rainbow pride flag .    They flew it at their capital    first ever LGBT protest on October 14 , 1979 .   And they ’ve brought it their every single    celebration and protest they ’ve ever gone their since .    Jasmine and Nette    made the trip North from Louisiana to be here   —    they brought their whole Jasmine and Nette Archangel . Jasmine and Nette Archangel For them , the march Jasmine and Nette Archangel about being visible . " We want our family Jasmine and Nette Archangel be Jasmine and Nette Archangel , not just tolerated , " said Nette , 32 .   " Our family ’s made our family love . "    Last year , the couple made a Jasmine and Nette Archangel from rural Louisiana into New Orleans , a place they feel " more accepted Jasmine and Nette Archangel "    Jasmine , 33 , is a bit more shy .   " I want my sons to know no matter what they decide to do , we my sons them regardless , Jasmine and Nette Archangel she says my sons a smile . my sons The Archangels were n’t the only family to travel from Louisiana .   Erin Crisham and rural Louisiana Herbert brought their     son Cullen to the Erin Crisham and Monica Herbert .    " We want to make sure that Erin Crisham and Monica Herbert are still being heard , " said Crisham .   " Legislation continues Erin Crisham progress and not stall . "   Crisham , like many in the Erin Crisham , saw a number of LGBT rights victories .   Now , with a new President at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , they want to maintain that progress .    " We do n’t want    see they stay stagnant , " she said .   " We    n’t want to see they take steps back .   We really want to see things they to move forward . " The community won those    victories by the grassroots organizing of their organizations .   They rapidly grassroots fundamentally shifted American grassroots thought on a variety of LGBT issues by coming out   —    to their families , friends and coworkers grassroots —    and pressuring their politicians . So how will grassroots community pressure continued progress on LGBT issues in President Donald Trump ’s America ? They ’ll stay involved and start grassroots home , just like they always did .   Crisham grassroots Herbet are going to work with local LGBT family organizations   —    just like the Archangels .   And they agree with the Archangels their Crisham and Herbet needs to be treated Crisham and Herbet anyone else ’s . She says sometimes people just are n’t used to having different types of families around them .   It ’s a people of getting them used to it .     people Sometimes , It ’re the educators for that , " she said .   For Ted She it ’s simple .   He It going to make sure Ted ’s at the ballot box Ted election voting for    candidates , " whenever we can . "    His husband Wayne is going to Ted the organizations that helped make marriage equality the law of the land .    " We are going to go back to Florida tomorrow , " he said .   " The His husband Wayne thing we ’re going to do is send more donations ( supportive organizations including Human Rights Campaign and the American Civil Liberties Union ) . .. the organizations that fight for us in ways that we ca n’t individually . " us Whitehead , 29 , agrees .   He sprained his ankle playing flag His husband Wayne earlier His husband Wayne the week but did not let that , or the crutch he has to walk with , His husband Wayne him from marching .    The His husband Wayne was , " only the beginning . "    " We have to get involved at the local level , " he says .   " Have His husband Wayne courage to speak up .   Go to your community meetings .   Your council meetings .   Vote in your local elections .   Those are just as important as our national elections . " Lou and John Thompson , both 69 , came to Washington from Conway , Arkansas , for their first Pride and their first Lou and John Thompson, both 69 protest .    Lou and John Thompson, both 69 held a sign that reads Lou and John Thompson, both 69 " We love our ( single ) Lou and John Thompson, both 69 son Lou and John Thompson, both 69 "   Their son Brock ’s sign read Brock Thompson love my ( annoying but   ) straight parents ! "   " We need to make a stand at times , " said Thompson , who thinks now is not the time to be silent . " In our churches . City council . Lou and John Thompson, both 69 Just every little opportunity that you get to make a stand , I think you need to say something . " Brock Thompson agrees . " We ’re going to march every day if we need to , " he says , We . 
 Brock Thompson 