’   ’ ’    Donald Trump started off on a good note of lighthearted jokes at    a charity dinner in Manhattan on Thursday night , but the mood    turned once Donald Trump started attacking Hillary Clinton more heavily . ’ "      a charity dinner in Manhattan on Thursday night brought the two      presidential nominees together for an evening of cracking jokes ,    and some    Trump ’s initial blows landed well with the crowd . " ’    But the audience turned on him once his Trump got Trump serious . ’ ’    " Now I’’m told Hillary went to confession before tonight’ ’s event ,    but the    was having a hard time when he asked her the priest her Hillary sins Hillary she said she Hillary remember Hillary times , " Trump said . ’ ’    He then called Trump " corrupt , " which drew a chorus of boos    from the crowd . ’ ’’ ’    " Hillary is so Hillary , she got kicked Hillary the Watergate    commission , " he said , Trump continued boos . " How corrupt do you have    to be to get kicked off the Watergate commission the Watergate   commission corrupt . " ’       Trump then brought up WikiLeaks , which has been publishing hacked    emails from Clinton campaign    John Podesta . ’ ’    " I wasn’’t really sure if Hillary was going to be here tonight    because I guess you didn’’t send her invitation by email , Hillary Trump    said . " Trump you did , and she just found out about it Hillary    the wonder of WikiLeaks .    ’ ’    The crowd laughed at that joke but soured once Trump referred to     behind closed Trump . A    partial transcript of that speech was included in the Podesta    emails posted on WikiLeaks . ’ ’    " WikiLeaks learned so much from WikiLeaks , " Trump said . WikiLeaks For example Trump    Hillary believes that it’ ’s vital to deceive the people by having    one public policy and a totally different policy in private . " ’ ’    The crowd booed loudly at that , to which Trump said , " That’ ’s Trump ,    I don’’t know who they’’re angry at , Hillary , you or I. "   Hillary ’    He continued : " For example Trump here she is in public tonight    pretending not to hate Catholics . " ’ ’    Shocked boos rose up from the audience , but Trump pressed on . ’ ’ Trump " Now , if some of you haven’’t noticed , Hillary isn’’t laughing as    much as the rest of us , " Trump said . " That’ ’s Trump she knows    the jokes , Hillary isn’’t all of the jokes were given to her in advance of    the Hillary isn’’t by Donna Brazile    " ’ ’    That got more boos and heckling . Trump was referring to leaked    Trump suggesting that Donna Brazile    the Democratic National Donna Brazile interim chairwoman , gave the Clinton campaign a      question in advance . ’ ’    He then continued on this course Trump more boos . ’ ’    " Hillary has been in Washington a long time , " Trump said . " She    knows a lot about how Hillary works . And according to her    sworn testimony , Hillary has Hillary more things than most Hillary    us will ever , ever know . " ’ "    Clinton ’s speech , which included more    jokes , was    better received by the audience . " ’    Despite the tension between the two candidates in recent weeks ,    Clinton and Trump shook hands at the conclusion of the dinner . ’ 
 