A federal judge approved a consent decree on Friday that would overhaul the Baltimore Police Department , days after A federal judge thwarted a Justice Department effort to delay a decision . The    agreement between the federal government and city leaders would introduce a wide range of police reforms , including training , new technology and community oversight . The The   agreement between the federal government and city leaders from a scathing 2016 Justice Justice Department that found systemic racial bias in the police department . " The talk is over , " Brandon Scott , a Baltimore city councilman who leads the Police Oversight Committee , said after the decision on Friday . " It ’s time for us to handle our business . us The approval came as a relief to supporters who feared the agreement might be delayed or canceled under the new presidential administration . The pact was signed on Jan. 12 , eight days before Donald J. Trump was inaugurated . Its supporters knew The pact Trump and his attorney general Donald J. Trump Jeff Sessions , would be less likely to support it . On The pact , the Justice Department sought a    delay so it could review the Justice Department police reform agreements , including the one in Baltimore . But Judge James K. Bredar said Friday that he interpreted that Judge James K. Bredar as the department ’s the Justice Department determine " whether it wants the court the Justice Department enter the decree at all , or at least the current version of it . " That the decree had passed , he said . " Judge James K. Bredar parties have already agreed to the draft before the court , " the court wrote in Judge James K. Bredar . " It Judge James K. Bredar be extraordinary for the court to permit one side the court amend an agreement already jointly reached and signed . " Mr. Sessions said in a statement that the decree " was negotiated during a the decree by the previous administration and signed only days before they left office . " " While the Department of Justice continues to fully support police reform in Baltimore , I have grave concerns that some provisions of this decree will reduce the lawful powers of the decree department and result in a less safe The Justice Department’s he said . He added that the agreement contained " clear departures from many he principles of good policing that we fear will result in more crime . " The Justice Department ’s report found that the police in Baltimore , a city that is 63 percent black Baltimore disproportionately targeted black people , often for dubious reasons . The 2015 death of Freddie Gray , a       man , while in police custody led to violent riots . The    consent decree covers a wide range of reforms . It includes a requirement for officers to undergo 80 hours of The   consent decree , including best practices on stopping , searching and arresting people , and technological upgrades like video cameras inside police vans . City leaders praised Judge Bredar ’s decision to approve the agreement . Tessa    president of the Baltimore branch of the N. A. A. C. P. said on Friday that residents she had spoken to " really wanted this to go through Tessa   president of the Baltimore branch of the N. A. A. C. P. " and were worried the effort they had put into the agreement would be for naught . residents she had spoken For all of the agreement to fall apart because they did n’t want to go through with it would have hurt residents she had spoken , " she said . The city ’s mayor , Catherine Pugh , said Tessa   president of the Baltimore branch of the N. A. A. C. P. a news conference that the decision was " a great victory for the citizens of Baltimore , as well as the Baltimore Police Department . " The next step is most likely to be the federal appointment of an independent monitor who will ensure the city is adequately addressing bias complaints . " Until the independent The city’s is assigned , everything else is on hold , an independent monitor who will ensure the city , the councilman . In his statement , Mr. Sessions said the Justice Department " stands ready to work with Baltimore Mr. Scott, the councilman fight violence the Baltimore Police Department policing in the city . " Baltimore The city’s 