Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election .   All times eastern . 9:50 : Breitbart Boyle interviews Trump . More news from the interview forthcoming . 9:45 : Clinton tells the Washington Post that she Clinton afraid she Clinton not make it through her Clinton without crying .   9:21 : He Clinton says the police told her Clinton that they the police told to stand down by San Jose ’s mayor and police chief . He Clinton says it was more difficult to come out as a Trump supporter than as a gay person ( could there be a    effect in the general election among minorities who may not want to tell pollsters they pollsters Trump Trump declare their pollsters publicly ? ): Juan Hernandez , Trump Trump who was attacked : " The protesters were picking our supporters and sucker punching them our supporters taking them our supporters . "   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) June 9 , 2016 ,   9:18 : Sanders campaign manager sounding like some " Never Trump " people when they some "Never Trump" people about Trump Trump . @BernieSanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver answering Q about HRC : " No one is the nominee . The the nominee elected at the convention . "   —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) June 8 , 2016 ,   9:13 : Not too many people are keeping score . At least not the people ( ) whose support Trump should value the most : I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents , she had Hillary Clinton !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 9 , 2016 ,   8:45 : Interesting : CNN ’s Joe Johns states that the Clinton campaign Crooked Hillary Clinton n’t see the spike in fundraising it expected after Trump became Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) nominee . 7:55 : Sanders in Vermont before his White Sanders meeting with Obama tomorrow . A few friends and fans of @BernieSanders give @BernieSanders and hugs at the airport   —    # burlington pic . twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) June 8 , 2016 ,   . @BernieSanders arrives in Burlington , Vermont and pulls aside a number of aides on the runway to chat . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) June 8 , 2016 ,   Sanders lands in Burlington along Burlington staff   —    when he gets off the plane he pulls he few of them aside to briefly talk pic . twitter .    —    Kylie Atwood ( @kylieatwood ) June 8 , 2016 ,   7:50 : President Obama hoping for party unity . He also he " We are " happy with Trump ’s nomination but does n’t know how Republicans feel about it . Trump’s nomination @POTUS tells @jimmyfallon he hopes he will be able " to pull it together Trump’s nomination over " the next couple weeks " https :   .    —    Juliet Eilperin ( @eilperin ) June 8 , 2016 ,   6:56 : Sanders touches down in Vermont : # BernForceOne lands back in Burlington , VT to reports of welcome home party from fans at airport @BernieOnAPlane pic . twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) June 8 , 2016 ,   6:13 : Fox News ’s Bret Baier interviews Clinton and asks if her husband Sanders tune with today ’s Democratic party given Sanders got more votes than any Socialist in the Dem . primary . Clinton says Clinton primary contest was good for the Democratic Party and good for America . When asked about her comments Clinton there is " absolutely no possibility of an indictment , " Clinton says Clinton is Clinton forward to this being " wrapped up . " When asked repeatedly if the FBI has contacted her or Clinton associates Clinton she says Clinton knows Clinton FBI has the FBI " a number of people . " When asked about Judicial Watch ’s litigation , she says Clinton does Clinton want to comment on ongoing litigation . Clinton says Clinton does Clinton remember signing a    agreement and again lawyerly says nothing she received Clinton " marked " classified . She says Clinton she " Clinton or received at the time was marked classified . " Clinton says Clinton absolutely " there is zero chance that the email scandal or Clinton Foundation issues will be problems for in the election . " That happens to be the truth , " she nervously Clinton . On @SpecialReport @HillaryClinton says did not cooperate    Department Inspector General because she " Clinton talked about " the emails .   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 8 , 2016 ,     6:07 : Trump adviser hits back at D. C. Beltway insider suffering from extreme Trump Derangement Syndrome : That ’s you sir ! I ’m not floating Ind.    or referring to Trump like a    cancer   a plane crashing . https :   .    —    Dan Scavino Jr. ( @DanScavino ) June 8 , 2016 ,   6:03 : In an interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper , Hillary Clinton says she intends to reach Hillary Clinton to Sanders ’s supporters . She says they a Hillary Clinton of the same goals and cites raising the national minimum wage and universal health care coverage . She says contrast that Hillary Clinton Trump . When asked about the Clinton Foundation ’s lack of transparency and whether Bill Clinton will divest Hillary Clinton any association with Hillary Clinton foundation , she says the Clinton Foundation cross Hillary Clinton bridge when we come to it . She we and robotically that bridge Hillary Clinton they had " overwhelming disclosure " and says there were " one or two instances that slipped through the cracks . " When asked again if she has considered her husband Hillary Clinton down , Hillary Clinton evades and punts . Hillary Clinton : Clinton reportedly will try to hit Trump on economics . More Americans trust Trump on the economy than Clinton Trump on economics Later this month , Clinton will give a major economic speech aimed at Trump . It will be modeled Trump on economics last HRC ’s San Diego address , per aide .   —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) June 8 , 2016 ,   5:45 : Flawed candidate in more ways than one : Last tweet re : Clinton ’s assertion to @amychozick that Clinton speaking fees are " the norm " for    of state . https :   .    —    Kenneth P. Vogel ( @kenvogel ) June 8 , 2016 ,   2009 : Condi donated 100 % of $ 60k fee back to Boys   Girls Club2014 : Hillary donated 0 % of $ 200k fee back to Club . https :   .    —    Kenneth P. Vogel ( @kenvogel ) June 8 , 2016 ,   HRC defends hitting the paid speaking circuit in an intv    @amychozick : " I actually think it makes sense " https :   .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) June 8 , 2016 ,   5:35 : Unenthusiastic hashtag from Sanders supporters : mood . # GirlIGuessImWithHer pic . twitter .    —    Alisha Stewart ( @AlishaNStewart ) June 8 , 2016 ,       Updated and expanded ! Reluctant Hillary Clinton supporters say # GirlIGuessImWithHer to defeat Trump https :   .   by @nataliewsj ,   —    Tim Hanrahan ( @TimJHanrahan ) June 8 , 2016 ,   5:32 : Of course Clinton wants the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton email scandal to go away Hillary Clinton 5:30 : Trump leading Clinton in five of Trump top Hillary Clinton counties   ( Hillsborough County , Florida Watauga County , North Carolina Sandusky County , Ohio Lucerne County , Pennsylvania Washoe County , Nevada ) in Axiom Strategies   .    5:25 : Clinton calls Trump " demagogue . Hillary Clinton In Trump interview Clinton says of Trump : " Hillary Clinton ’s classic Trump by a demagogue . " https :   .    —    Lisa Lerer ( @llerer ) June 8 , 2016 ,   5:02 : Sen. Sessions ( ) on Trump ’s comments about Judge Curiel Trump @HallieJackson : this week ’s champion of CapHill intvu ’s and every woman ’s spirit animal in those heels 🙌 🏽 pic . twitter .    —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) June 8 , 2016 ,   4:59 : Trump adviser thinks Hugh Hewitt should be banned from the convention : Assume hater Hugh Hewitt the convention be Hugh Hewitt . Hugh Hewitt is   —    the RNC the convention from Hugh Hewitt .   —    Dan Scavino Jr. ( Hugh Hewitt ) June 8 , 2016 ,   4:25 : Trump heading to the Lone Star State . He ’ll also try to shore Trump’s ’s campaign confirms he ’ll visit Texas Trump’s week   —    Thursday in Dallas and Friday in Houston . He ’s also Trump’s to hit San Antonio .   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) June 8 , Trump’s ,   Despite Trump ’s Trump to play in blue states , he just Trump 8 days in swing states   vulnerable red states : VA , FL , PA , NH , NC , GA , NV AZ ,   —    Trip Gabriel ( @tripgabriel ) June 8 , 2016 ,   4:10 : Obama struck Obama historic nature of Clinton ’s Clinton but also thinks Clinton Sanders the right to make his own Sanders about his campaign Sanders More Josh Earnest : " The president Obama by the historic nature of last night ’s speech . Trump’s campaign —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) June 8 , 2016 ,   Josh Earnest : Obama thinks Sanders Obama " Sanders than earned the right to make his own decision Sanders the course of his Josh Earnest Sanders —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) June 8 , 2016 ,   4:05 : Indeed the perfect acronym Trump’s campaign Clinton Launches ’Republicans Against Trump’ Hillary Clinton —    Breitbart   —    perfect acronym , too ! R. A. T.   https :   .    —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 8 , 2016 ,   3:45 : They just wo n’t give up . More rumblings about scheming to take the nomination from Trump . 3:30 Trump Challenges ahead for Clinton to win June 8, 2016,  3:45 Sanders voters who may Sanders receptive to Trump ’s message on trade : Tensions are hot now Trump the @ppppolls survey of Pennsylvania finds significant party unity woes for Clinton . pic Clinton twitter .    —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) June 8 , 2016 ,   3:05 : United Steelworkers Union endorses Clinton . But Clinton many of these union members will vote for Trump in the Trump ? Thanks to United Steel Workers for their endorsement of @HillaryClinton ! https :   .    —    Christina Reynolds ( @creynoldsnc ) June 8 , 2016 ,   2:55 : Gingrich now United Steel Workers Trump is a Trump gifted amateur . " Totally misleading report about my talk at Bio this morning . In 90 minute dialogue made clear Trump is learning Trump a gifted amateur , will win ,   —    Newt Gingrich ( @newtgingrich ) June 8 , 2016 ,   2:52 : Trump also rules Trump Rick Perry , a candidate preferred by the " Never Trump " professional conservatives , for VP . 2:50 : Trump says he Trump n’t Trump to raise $ 1 billion , which is why they professional political Trump may really his candidacy : Trump There ’s no reason to raise that , " Trump said about Trump $ 1 billion . " I just do n’t think I need nearly as much money as other people need because I get so much publicity . I get so many invitations to be on television . I get so many interviews , if I want them . " 2:47 : CNN refers to Romney ’s CNN as a " safe place " for the " Never Trump " Smart Set ( Paul so many interviews , Tom Cotton and Sen. Ben Sasse attending ) : Republican elites retreat to a    space : Mitt Romney ’s place https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) June 8 , 2016 ,     2:45 : At the Dem . Platform meeting , former Attorney General Eric Holder says criminal justice reform needs to be a " shared priority " and be a big part of 2016 ’s platform . 2:40 : The ever ambitious and milquetoast Scott Walker laments that Americans are being given " poor choices " for president and says Trump is not Trump the nominee and demands that he renounces his Trump about Trump Curiel , giving some " Never Trump " Smart Set folks that he may be Trump to challenging Trump at the Trump . As far as upgrades , going from @realDonaldTrump to @ScottWalker is like dining on North Korean tree bark or at Ruth ’s Chris steakhouse .   —    Steve Deace ( @SteveDeaceShow ) June 8 , 2016 ,   2:35 : They claim the character is not modeled after Hillary Clinton : New season of ’Homeland’ Hillary Clinton female    https :   .    —    TIME . June 8, 2016,  2:35 ( @TIME ) June 8 , 2016 ,   2:31 : Where is the    mainstream media drumbeat denouncing violent , crude , lewd ,    Sanders supporters ? In 5 years at Sanders ’ve never received as many gross , personal attacks as I did for writing on Hillary clinching https :   .    —    Mollie Reilly Hillary @MollieReilly ) June 8 , 2016 ,   2:25 : Sanders sends " the struggle continues " fundraising email Sanders " I am pretty good at arithmetic , and I know that the fight in front of us is a very , very steep fight , but we will continue to fight for every vote and every delegate we can get . " Cornel West tells @aseitzwald that Sanders has " up , up , uphill us Sanders   dropping out is his " brother ’s choice us " pic . twitter .    —    Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) June 8 , 2016 ,   2:23 : Dem . Cornel West Committee holding first meeting : I am watching the DNC Platform drafting committee hearing pic . twitter .    —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) June 8 , 2016 ,   2:20 : Trump and Clinton jumpstarting general election fundraising . Woody Johnson , Reince Priebus Hillary Clinton those confirmed to be at tomorrow ’s big donor confab in NY with Trump at Four Trump .   —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) June 8 , 2016 ,   2:15 : Cruz on potential Trump endorsement : Trump wo n’t say if he will withhold his endorsement of Trump for the Trump election . " Time will tell , " he said ,   —    Cruz Raju ( @mkraju ) Cruz 8 , Cruz ,   2:10 : Newt Gingrich praises Hillary Clinton and calls Trump an " Cruz amateur " in Hillary Clinton video . Gingrich is becoming much more critical of Trump of late : 2:05 Gingrich Grassley ( ) likens Trump ’s comments Trump Justice Sonya Sotomayor ’s " wise Latina " remarks Gingrich Trump : Donald Trump ’s Trump Judge Curiel are equivalent to Justice Sotomayor ’s " wise Latina " comment pic . twitter .    Judge Curiel Jason Noble ( @jasonnobleDMR ) June 8 , 2016 ,     Sen. Flake still wants Trump to apologize : Trump : Media less focused on the 25 % who are still not on board : Poll :    of Sanders supporters would vote for Clinton over Trump https Clinton   Trump Sanders —    Eugene Scott ( @Eugene_Scott ) June 8 , 2016 ,   1:55 : How many people still read fishwraps ? Pretty cool . pic . twitter .    —    Nick Merrill ( @NickMerrill ) June 8 , 2016 ,   1:50 : Sanders heading to Vermont before meeting with President Obama on Obama . Sanders and his wife Jane boarding a flight in Los Angeles bound for Burlington , Sanders . pic . twitter .    —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) June 8 , Thursday , 
 Vermont 