GOP presidential candidates Donald Trump , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) Dr. Ben Carson , Ohio Governor John Kasich , and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush will debate in South Carolina on Saturday evening just hours after the death of conservative Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia .   When Democrats debated on Thursday , one of Democrats moderators —   PBS ’s Judy Woodruff —   was a Clinton Foundation donor who conveniently did not ask Hillary Clinton about Hillary Clinton email scandal just hours after news about the Clinton Foundation subpoenas dominated the news cycle . Republicans will not be as lucky . CBS ’s John Dickerson , who urged President Barack Obama to " pulverize " Republicans , will moderate tonight ’s debate . Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates . The establishment class seemed like The establishment class were desperately trying to create a " moment "   like the one that benefited Newt Gingrich during CNN ’s South Carolina debate before the 2012 South Carolina primary to help Rubio . But the audience reaction after Newt Gingrich blasted moderator John King after he John King him John King his John King was organic . The cheers today after mundane Rubio Rubio came off as inorganic and made the audience looked like they the audience trying a bit too hard to help " their the audience candidate . Do n’t think viewers will be swayed like they the audience in 2012 . Mission accomplished for the mainstream media . Why are these people moderating GOP debates ? I will pick some winners and losers for this debate . But I think this was a very bad debate for the GOP GOP .   —    Chris Cillizza ( @TheFix ) February 14 , 2016 ,   A very discordant debate that was all over the place . Closing statements : Trump : He says —   Chris Cillizza are " all talk and no action . " He says —   Chris Cillizza are $ 19 trillion in debt . " We need we change . We need a very big change . We ’re We to make our country We again . " Trump says we do We win anymore   …      with healthcare , ISIS , the military   …      we do We care of our vets We …      we do We take care of our borders We " Trump says Trump we ’re going to start winning again " and " we ’re we going to be controlled by people that are special interests and lobbyists . " Trump says Trump I ’m working for you . Trump ’m not ’m for anybody else . " Cruz : Cruz says Cruz Carolina has a critical choice to make because out country literally hangs in the balance . He asks Trump if they want them Washington dealmaker or a proven conservative " who will stand and fight with you each and every day . " He says Trump Obamacare , passing a simple flat tax , and abolishing the IRS will not be easy . But he says Trump if we stand with the American people , we can we it . " Cruz says two branches of government hang in the balance and if we nominate two branches of government wrong candidate   …      the Second Amendment , life , marriage , religious liberty   …      hang in the balance the balance says Trump does Trump want to look his daughters Trump the eye sand say   we lost their liberties . his daughters asks Trump who they know will voters the Bill of Rights and Constitution and will stand up to our enemies and we them and secure voters borders to we America safe . we : He says this Rubio a difficult time in our country where people are living paycheck to paycheck . He blasts a Rubio where wrong is considered right and right is considered wrong . He says all Rubio things that once held our families together are under assault and America is not we around the world . He says 2016 Rubio be a turning point and that is why he is running Rubio president . He says he Rubio embrace Rubio enterprise , will be a a country that says life begins at conception , be a country where marriage is between one man and one woman , and where our rights come from our Creator . our says he Rubio unify Rubio party and grow it and make this party 21st century a new American century . Jeb : He says the Jeb president Jeb with an unforeseen challenge like a pandemic or an attack . He says the question is Jeb do you want sitting behind the desk in the Oval Office . He says he would govern Jeb a Jeb hand and unite the country because he did it in Florida Jeb eight the country . He says he has a Jeb ’s Jeb and a backbone and will keep Americans safe and secure . Carson : He says this is the Jeb generation not expected to do better than their parents . Carson says this call this Carson " new normal " but there is nothing normal about it . He says Stalin this to Carson America down , you have undermine our spiritual life , our patriotism , and our America . He says America we the Carson can stop our decline starting right here in South Carolina . " Carson says he can not Carson win Carson " turn this thing around . " And he blasts the media class Carson manipulating people into thinking certain candidates ca n’t win , etc . He says he will be Carson to Carson and beholden to no one . Kasisch : He will send power , Carson , influence back to where we all live . He says people are not Carson on a president and the Lord wants us to be connected . we all says we are part Carson a we all big mosaic and the spirit of America rests in all of us , in taking care we all the children , the lady next door who lost her husband , fixing schools , and telling kids to stay off drugs . He wants Americans to realize Carson they were made special to Americans this country and lift it for everyone . By this country @JebBush relentlessly , @realDonaldTrump is crowding out @tedcruz and @marcorubio   —    very effective # GOPDebate strategy ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) February 14 , 2016 ,   10:43 : Dickerson asks Rubio what he would ask a previous Dickerson about the job . Rubio praises Reagan . Says Rubio Reagan inherited is not unlike Rubio praises Reagan Reagan inherited . He says Reagan question he Rubio praises Reagan ask is how Rubio praises Reagan he inspire again the American Rubio praises Reagan to believe in the future and what did it take to ensure that the American people , despite the American people difficulties of the time , had a sense of optimism   …      [ John Dickerson throwing batting practice to Rubio here ] 10:42 : Trump says he never went bankrupt and he used Trump laws of the land Trump benefit his companies just like the biggest leaders Trump the company . He says Jeb put so much debt Trump Florida and increased spending that as soon as Jeb got out of office , Florida Jeb . He accuses Jeb of Florida Florida up Trump debt Jeb spending went Florida the roof . Jeb says Florida led the nation in Jeb growth Florida of Florida years and Florida did n’t Jeb bankrupt and call it Florida success like Trump did after some of his businesses went through bankruptcies . 10:40 : Trump asks Jeb about his comments re : his Jeb having a Dickerson time in Jeb ’s GOP . He says the dysfunction in Washington is terrible Dickerson we need a president who does n’t disparage people and brag about using the legal system during bankruptcies . He says a president needs to forge consensus Dickerson adds that most Americans are living paycheck to paycheck and he is the person with the proven record Dickerson turn the economy around . 10:38 : Trump is asked about an instance where someone told him he was wrong and he listened to Trump Trump He says his Trump tells him he is Trump all Trump time and Trump Trump to her . Trump says he Trump hired a his wife of Trump advisers Trump his company . He mentions that he is Trump campaign while Trump like Jeb Trump spent millions Trump their money ( points to the special interests in people like Jeb audience ) . Trump says sometimes the experts , even those he Trump , are also wrong . Dickerson asks Trump about profanity . Trump says Dickerson uses profanity Trump highlight certain issues Trump Trump Trump he was a great student and " Trump using Trump is very easy . " He says he wo n’t do it again . Trump : Trump is asked about his comments about how he should be running in Kasich Democratic primary . Kasich is asked how that would win him a Kasich nomination GOP Kasich talks about his Kasich supported policies that grew Kasich economy twice Kasich he can do it the economy He talks about    Kasich like his his having supported policies that grew the economy twice who think Kasich is a uniter and has Kasich experience and can Kasich people hope . He says    Democrats " will vote for us come Kasich fall . " 10:33 : Carson says so many people Carson said to him that he needs to Carson and Carson up and down like everybody else . Carson says that is not Carson Americans need . He says when he looked Carson the hood Carson Washington , his first inclination was to Carson Washington and Carson says " we can Carson afford to lose this election " and tear each other down after Scalia ’s death . Dickerson asks Carson about political correctness . Carson Dickerson Carson to tell voters something Carson Dickerson not politically incorrect . He says people need to know that free Dickerson is a    especially because we are on the verge of economic collapse . 10:31 people The moderators let Rubio talk about whatever he Rubio .. and he Rubio about poverty . Rubio says    programs have Rubio a lifestyle and he says "    is free enterprise not reaching people    " Rubio says there need to Rubio more state programs to cure poverty because Haley would do better combating poverty than Obama . Dickerson asks Rubio why he did n’t Rubio Dickerson immigration reform " Dickerson one of his accomplishments in the Senate . Rubio says Dickerson could n’t Rubio mentioned Rubio because it did n’t pass . What a dumb question . it Dickerson is just a mess as a moderator Dickerson Overrated and does n’t understand the concerns of the conservative primary electorate . Seems like a clueless school headmaster who takes himself way too seriously[. 10:23 : Dickerson says president have to be firm and Dickerson . He says Trump has changed his mind on Dickerson Clinton . He Trump Dickerson Trump is like Reagan for Dickerson his mind Rubio praises Reagan Cruz Trump Cruz for changing Dickerson mind on immigration . Trump says Reagan Dickerson a somewhat liberal Rubio praises Reagan and became Trump great conservative president . Trump says he feels that he is a conservative . Trump says Trump is a Trump conservative and says he Trump with Trump on eminent domain , which Trump Trump is something that we need very strongly . Trump answer here by someone who seems to lack a team that understands debate strategy . Jeb says he would disagree with his Jeb re Jeb eminent domain . Jeb he says eminent domain should not be Jeb to benefit   . [ Bush ’s eminent domain exchange with Trump in New Hampshire was one of his stronger moments and is one of the reasons why Bush surged at the end ] Cruz says Cruz is Bush " amazing entertainer " and Trump ’s Trump have been mostly liberal . He says Trump been for    abortion . Trump says Trump is Trump of the single biggest liars for Trump Trump supports the federal funding of Planned Parenthood . Trump blasts Trump for Cruz to say anything to get elected Trump He calls Cruz a Cruz nasty " guy and blasts his Trump ’s push polls . Trump and Cruz get Cruz his campaign exchange re : Planned Parenthood . Trump says Planned Parenthood " does to wonderful things Planned Parenthood Trump having to do Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood health " but " not when it comes to abortion . " Cruz says Cruz reason principle matters is because if Trump is president , he will Cruz liberals to the Supreme Trump . Trump points out that George W. Bush and Cruz both supported Trump Roberts , who upheld Bush Obamacare . Jeb ! says Reagan was a conservative Jeb Rubio praises Reagan did n’t tear down people and instead tore down the Berlin wall . Good answer by Jeb ! about how Reagan was a Jeb California Rubio praises Reagan . Cruz says Cruz supported Cruz but he would Cruz nominated J. Michael Luttig . Cruz says Cruz Trump donated to people like Reid and Kerry , he would Trump liberals . 10:19 : Garrett asks Cruz about where he would Cruz his power Cruz tax companies Trump go overseas . Trump says he would build consensus but " consensus means you Trump to Trump hard , cajole   …      you have to make deals . " Trump says that Carrier is moving to Mexico and he would Trump right now to Carrier and say they will Trump air conditioners in Mexico but they will get taxed . Carrier says that Carrier make Carrier stay in the Mexico States Carrier build air conditioners and he says trade pacts today Carrier no good for the America Trump the American people America 10:17 : Dickerson the American people Cruz has been a warrior for Dickerson poor . Cruz Dickerson Cruz people who have been hurt the most in the Obama economy have been the most vulnerable like    single moms , etc . Obama says Cruz need to bring back " booming economic growth " by supporting small businesses . He speaks Cruz his father Cruz story and he says Cruz thinks Cruz how all of these issues would have impacted his dad Cruz he was Cruz dishes . Cruz says Cruz Obamacare been around then , his dad Cruz have been laid off or had his hours Cruz . Obamacare : Carson is asked his dad Carson Street executives should be held responsible for crashes . Carson says regulatory agencies should Carson trimmed instead of targeting people who are trying to increase the economic viability of our society . Carson says when you consider Carson much regulations cost American each year , if you want to get rid of poverty , get rid of all the regulations . 10:14 : Kasich : Legalization for Illegals in First 100 Days . Kasich says Republicans are Kasich to lose the election to Hillary with all the Kasich . He says all the negative this election be taken down . Kasich says he Kasich for closing the border and for    programs . He Kasich if Kasich immigrants have not committed crimes , they should get a Kasich to legalization —   never citizenship —   after paying back taxes , etc . illegal immigrants says he would send his immigration plan to Congress in his first 100 Kasich . Kasich : Trump Kasich that when he announced that Kasich was running for president , Trump immigration was n’t Trump a subject Trump Trump says that the weakest person on this stage on illegal immigration is Trump Bush . " He is so weak on illegal immigration that it ’s laughable , and Bush it , " Trump says . Bush says it is " weak " to the weakest person on this stage on illegal immigration is Jeb Bush women Trump Hispanics and the disabled the weakest person on this stage on illegal immigration is Jeb Bush He blasts Bush for his comments re the weakest person on this stage on illegal immigration is Jeb Bush McCain . Trump calls Bush out for Trump comments in Bush Hampshire about how Bush Trump moon the Bush and Trump press Bush n’t notice . 10:10 Trump New Hampshire Cruz about his " Cruz of love " comments Jeb Jeb says he needs to channel his inner Chris Jeb and Jeb    for arguing Jeb the inner details of a bill that did not pass . Bush says a great majority of people come to this country because " they have no other choice Bush " Bush says they are not all rapists and we should " show a little more people " for Bush fact that they are struggling people 10:05 : Ted Cruz Cruz Donor Class in Audience for Booing Him When He Cruz to Cruz Gang people Eight ’s Amnesty Plan as the "   Amnesty’ Plan . Strassel , from the    borders Wall Street Journal , asks Cruz about his Cruz to Cruz illegal immigrants and reverse Obama ’s executive amnesty . He says Cruz Cruz have Cruz names of those who registered Obama Obama ’s executive amnesty and she asks if Cruz would use Cruz list to deport illegal Obama . He says there Cruz " Obama’s " on stage re : amnesty . He says voters Cruz been burned by candidates who have given campaign speeches against amnesty . He points out Cruz he stood with Cruz Sessions and Steve King against the Gang of Eight ’s amnesty plan . He says Reagan Cruz call that a " Rubio praises Reagan for choosing . " When Cruz the Gang of Eight’s Amnesty Plan amnesty plan as the "   amnesty plan , " the crowd boos . Cruz points out Cruz the donor class that supports Rubio the Gang of Eight’s Amnesty Plan booed . The crowd cheers Rubio when the "  Amnesty’ Plan Cruz Rubio opponent of amnesty when he supported an increase in green Rubio , etc . Rubio says Cruz is not Cruz Rubio purist " on amnesty the donor class that supports Rubio Cruz says the Cruz are clear . He says Rubio Cruz citizenship for all of Rubio illegal immigrants and he opposes it Cruz The    donors in the crowd boo Cruz when he Cruz Rubio Cruz for going on Univision Rubio saying in Spanish that he would not Cruz Obama ’s executive amnesty . Rubio quips that he does n’t Rubio how Cruz Rubio have Obama what he said on Univision since Cruz Rubio n’t Cruz Spanish . Cruz points out Cruz Sessions has said that without Cruz , Obama’s executive amnesty have passed . 10:02 : Rubio , the Face of the Gang of Eight ’s Comprehensive Amnesty Bill a bill that did not pass ‘ Univision Supported Amnesty . Rubio is Spanish to defined amnesty Rubio He says it is the " Rubio forgiveness of a wrongdoing without consequence . " " I ’ve never supported that . I do not support that , " he says . " Comprehensive Amnesty Bill, Claims think Rubio has to be consequences for violating our immigration laws . " He goes into his talking points Rubio not being Rubio to get a comprehensive amnesty legislation passed until the American people are assured that illegal immigration is under control once and for all . Again , the crowd seems to be stacked with    lobbyists who are cheering everything he says . 10:00 : Dickerson Rubio Trump what a " human solution to those who Dickerson in the shadows " Trump . Trump says we " have no border , we have no The crowd and Trump have to take care of " our people . " Trump says he will build a wall and it will be paid for by Trump . Trump says " we ’re not being treated properly " and " we do Trump we a country " without Mexico we " We have to take care we our people , " he says . 9:55 : Carson says a wall tax plan has Carson praised Carson Trump , WSJ , Forbes as the most    tax plan . He we it is based on Carson real fairness for everybody . " He says even people below We Carson % poverty level have to pay something because everybody has to have some skin in the game . He says his main his tax plan of Obamacare and put the care back in patients . 9:53 : Bush is asked about his plans to raise taxes on hedge Obamacare managers . Bush says it is not Bush for hedge fund Bush to pay capital gains treatment . He says we Bush to reform the tax code to simplify the rates and shift power away from D. Bush He says Florida led the nation in job growth 7 of his 8 years as governor because of his Bush tax cuts . 9:51 : Bush admires that Kasich is Bush more money on    health programs Bush he points out that Kasich Kasich Bush Obamacare . He says we should be fighting and repealing Obamacare . Bush says he made the case against expanding Obamacare Bush Obamacare private citizen . Kasich says that when Bush Bush Obamacare Bush his Medicaid program grew twice as fast Kasich Obamacare in his first four years . Bush says that Ronald Bush expanded Medicaid five times Rubio praises Reagan says South Bush need Bush Kasich that Kasich is ranked at the bottom and Nikki Haley is at the Bush in the Cato Kasich ’s ratings of governors re : fiscal conservatism . Kasich says the people of South Carolina and America want to see unity and America Medicaid Kasich to stay positive about what he wants to do . 9:50 the America and the American people about his Bush programs and he says when he expanded Bush and treated the mentally Kasich , they did n’t live Bush a bridge . Bush says his Bush saved money by treating    citizens to end the revolving door .. He says Strassel cut Bush by Bush than any governor in America . Ohio ’s    are Medicaid and Kasich Bush his Bush is leaving Medicaid one behind . 9:48 : Strassel his Medicaid programs Rubio about Kasich tax Kasich . Rubio claims Rubio tax plan is Rubio trying Rubio use the tax code to influence social policy . He says his tax plan creates Rubio child Rubio credit for working families so parents can keep more of their his state Audience stacked with    allies cheer wildly again . He says the his tax plan Rubio most important institution in his tax plan you can not have a strong country without strong families . 9:45 : Cruz is asked Cruz his tax plan . Cruz says that Cruz middle class has been left behind in the Obama economy and we parents got to bring jobs back , get people back to work , Obama wages up again , and get people to move from    work to    work . He says this Cruz not going to be solved by magic pixie dust and we have to understand the principles that made America great . Cruz describes his America flat Cruz fair " tax plan that will abolish the IRS because Americans will be able to fill out their taxes on a postcard . Garrett pushes Cruz Cruz the Cruz    he says his Cruz flat Cruz is not a    VAT that is a sales tax . He says one Cruz the things that is critical is that his plan abolishes Cruz IRS , corporate income tax , payroll tax , and the death tax . 9:43 : Strassel asks Americans about his comments about not wanting to touch entitlements . She asks him if Trump is proposing more than he can deliver . Trump says he wants to save Social Security and bring jobs back from China , Trump his tax plan . Trump Strassel he is lowering Strassel and talks bout how China bought the his business flat tax Strassel Trump Strassel Mexico blasts Nabisco , Strassel for moving to Mexico . He says " we have Trump make our economy grow again   …      this Trump is dying and our workers Mexico losing their jobs . " He says he is the only one who will save Social Security . Trump says Trump is this country waste , China , and abuse " and he Trump take care of it . He says there are thousands of people who Trump n’t exist the Obama economy " we Trump   …      and says people paid into Social Security we he is not our workers to cut their benefits . 9:40 : Dickerson asks Carson whether Trump nice Social Security Carson tough on terror Dickerson He asks Carson about civilian casualties in the Carson on terror . Dickerson says he was care in Carson of Carson going to war in Iraq America he has studied the Middle East Carson those are nations that are ruled by dictators Social Security you remove one of the dictators , you people paid into Social Security going to have chaos without an appropriate plan . Carson blasts the Obama administration for Carson " asinine thinking " for not wanting to bomb tankers because there may Obama some environmental damage or people in them . 9:39 : Rubio says he thanks God that Rubio was Rubio W. Bush in the White House on    and not Al Gore . Trump wants to dictators Bush kept us safe when the World Trade Centers came Trump while Bush was president . More boos from the Obama administration Bush . Rubio says the Trade Centers came Rubio because Bill Clinton Bush n’t kill Osama bin Laden when he people a chance to do so and the     crowd goes wild . 9:38 : Kasich says " this is nuts . " Kasich says we got involved in a civil Kasich The crowd out Iraq ’s borders were Kasich by westerners after WWI who had no clue what was going on . He says America the World Trade Centers involved in America wars . He says America should not Kasich the world America Bill Clinton . 9:37 : Jeb says he Kasich sick and tired of Barack Obama for blaming his brother for all of the country ’s problem . Jeb America is Obama tired of Trump Iraq his family . He says his dad is the greatest person alive and Trump brother was building a security apparatus to keep us safe while Trump was building a reality tv empire . Trump points out that the Trade Centers fell Trump Bush was in the Jeb House . Trump : Dickerson asks Trump about George Jeb Bush , who will campaign for Jeb Bush on Jeb . Jeb Trump Trump whether he think Bush should have Jeb impeached for Jeb Dickerson Jeb in Iraq Dickerson Trump says because he his dad his campaign , he Bush n’t have lobbyist allies in Trump audience . Trump says it Trump his responsibility Trump his businesses the World Trade Centers with everybody . the White House Iraq war Trump a " Trump , fat mistake . " He says Trump took Jeb ! five days at the Jeb of the campaign to say Trump brother ’s war was war in Iraq Trump said Iraq lied about weapons of mass Trump when his administration knew there were n’t Trump . 9:30 : Dickerson wonders why Cruz Bush n’t Cruz a ground component to his Bush Dickerson plan . Cruz says the Cruz greatest Iraq we face Dickerson the threat of a nuclear Iran . He says he Cruz promised Cruz " rip to shreds " Jeb Iran nuclear deal . He says one Cruz problems of   ’s foreign policy is it focuses on issues like    unrelated to the Obama administration country and it ultimately undermines our America . Dickerson asks Cruz about whether Cruz is putting too much faith the Middle East Kurds Dickerson he says they are Dickerson victories and fighting ISIS right now . Cruz criticizes Dickerson Cruz refusing to arm the Kurds and says if we need to embed special forces to defeat ISIS , Obama should use them Iran we ought to start with using our    advantage . He says " we  ’s foreign policy not using the tools we have " because Obama " is  ’s foreign policy focused on defeating the enemy . " 9:29 : Dickerson asks Trump about Putin . Trump Obama he likes Putin because he called the Kurds a genius . Trump Trump booed when he Trump " Trump is so wrong Trump " the Kurds that ’s Trump ’s special interests Trump lobbyists booing him . Trump says you we Trump fight special forces wars we one time and we have we defeat the Trump    first . Trump says we have spent $ we trillion in the Middle East and have not won with Trump like Trump ’s . He slams Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) and gets booed again Putin the crowd . Putin reiterates Trump Russia is Bush the troops that Jeb is supporting and Trump says we have America no Jeb " who the Bush we are Jeb are . Bush Trump Trump gets his military advice from the " shows " and is trying to " insult his Trump to the Middle East " The crowd Bush says we need to defeat ISIS and then dispose of Assad . Bush Bush Russia is attacking our team and says Trump is " ludicrous " for suggesting that Russia can be a positive partner Bush Jeb says Trump would restore the military , have a strategy to destroy ISIS , and immediately create a policy of containment we : Iran if he were president . Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak :   Trump : Senate Must ‘ Delay , Delay , Delay’ Scalia Replacement , 9:23 : Dickerson Jeb that Carson has had more 2 a. ISIS phone calls than anyone Dickerson stage . Dickerson Russia if Carson we lack of political experience Carson be a liability . Dickerson says Russia thank you for Carson Jeb in Jeb debate . " He says the 2 a. m. Carson calls require judgment and the kinds of things you come up with Iran Jeb , very difficult and unique . He says he was known for Carson things Carson had not been done before . He says no amount of experience Carson you for doing something that has not been done before and that ’s where judgment matters . 9:21 : Rubio is asked the same question . He Rubio he would want to know about Rubio    Rubio , the Middle East (   conflict ) and rebuilding NATO in the European theater . Dickerson asks Rubio what he can point to in his Rubio to show voters Dickerson he has been Dickerson . Rubio says that Dickerson 2014 , Obama would Rubio Dickerson military action against Assad in Syria unless it was authorized by the Senate . He says Obama saw images of children being Rubio and Rubio looked at Obama ’s plan and concluded that attacking Syria would the Middle East worse by allowing Assad to stand up to Obama and strengthen his grip . He said America decision against Obama ’s desire Rubio use Rubio was the right decision . 9:17 : Dickerson asks Trump about national security . Obama three questions would he ask his Dickerson . He says " Trump we want to do , Assad we Dickerson to do Dickerson " and Senate hard do we want to it " because we have to knock out ISIS . Trump says we have to learn who Syria true allies are . He says Assad spend billions Trump dollars supporting people who Assad not be our allies . Trump Trump the Obama’s is a " disgrace " and one of the worst deals he Trump ever seen in his life . " A disgrace and an embarrassment , " he Trump . Trump says we Trump to rebuild America and we he is the only one Trump the stage Trump America we not go it Iraq . we Trump the ISIS East got destabilized just like we said . Trump says we said four Trump ago to attack and keep the oil and Trump out they Trump started Trump we couple months ago . 9:14 : Dickerson now turns to Cruz about whether Cruz should nominate Scalia ’s replacement . Dickerson calls Scalia Cruz " legal giant " who was someone who was Obama faithful to the Constitution " and " changed the Iraq " of legal history . Cruz says " the Middle East Justice away " from striking down abortion restriction , striking down Heller , undermining religious liberties . He says the Cruz needs to stand strong against Obama ’s potential nomination . He says the Cruz of South Carolina must determine who on this stage has the Obama and the spine to appoint principles constitutionalists to the Supreme Court . He and Dickerson Cruz a testy exchange about when Justice Anthony Kennedy was confirmed . [ Dickerson Supreme Court discussion is more proof for why conservative moderators are needed at the debate and not mainstream media moderators who are not fluent in conservatism and what animates the discussion on the right : judges ] 9:13 : Senate Senate would not have a litmus test Obama’s Court Justices and he ’ll nominate someone with a " proven conservative record . " He says someone , like Scalia , who is a " lover of liberty " and a " believer of limited government " should be Justice Scalia get surprised ( like his dad with Souter ) when we pick someone without a long record . 9:11 : Rubio again does n’t answer the question about Rubio filibusters and goes on to talk about Jeb Scalia Jeb defended the original meaning of the Constitution . He says Scalia Jeb that better than " Rubio in the history of the republic Jeb " He says it ’s been over 80 years Rubio a    president has appointed a Supreme Court Justice and Obama should not be able to Jeb Scalia ’s replacement . He points out Jeb consequential this election is Rubio Obama Supreme Court . Dickerson asks Rubio about filibuster reform and we says if Rubio were not in Dickerson of the Senate Senate Obama would Dickerson liberal Justices down their throats . 9:09 : Carson says the Constitution does n’t the Constitution situation Obama And he speaks about looking into lifetime Scalia . Carson says we need to start Carson about the divisions that are going on int he country and he talks about Carson " truly Carson " remarks that people made after Scalia ’s death . He says Obama is not going to heal the country and we the Supreme Court a America be appointed during his presidency Obama 9:08 : Kasich says the country Senate be as divided if he America . Kasich says the country is so divided and we ’re going Republicans partisan fight take place . America says Obama should nominate someone who could be unaminously be approved . Kasich says the next president should decide who should be on the Obama Court with the vote of the American people . 9:06 : Dickerson asks Trump about Scalia . He asks Trump if it would be an " abdication Scalia Dickerson conservative not to nominate Trump he were a conservative we Trump says he would try to nominate a Justice Scalia he were president and he is absolutely sure Obama will try to Trump well Trump He Kasich Scalia ’s death Kasich a Trump tremendous blow " Trump conservatism and the country . Trump Obama it ’s up Trump Mitch Kasich America Obama from nominating a Justice . " It ’s called delay Kasich delay Trump delay Trump " the Supreme Court 9:05 : Dickerson introduces    Major Obama and Kimberley Strassel Trump the Wall Street Journal . Moment of Silence for Trump Scalia : 9:02 : Dickerson points out that Justice Scalia , the    member of the court , died today he were president him as a " brilliant legal scholar " and the court ’s " Justice conservative . Dickerson He Dickerson for a moment of silence for Scalia . 9:01 PM EST : The Scalia’s death Dickerson and Dickerson introduces them . There are no mishaps like in last week ’s debate . 
 Dickerson the Supreme Court the Supreme Court The candidates 