  ( CNN ) Rep. Jason Chaffetz has some explaining to do . As chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , the Utah Republican spared no effort in leading the multiple investigations of Hillary Clinton . Yet he has shown little interest in investigating , or even questioning , President Donald Trump ’s myriad financial entanglements . President Donald Trump explanations of the difference suggest that Chaffetz does n’t even understand why Congress has the power to investigate in the first place . In the month before the 2016 election , Chaffetz referred to a potential Hillary Clinton administration as a "   environment , " and Chaffetz vowed to remain relentless following Hillary Clinton loss . " The investigation continues , " Chaffetz tweeted on Inauguration Day . As The investigation happened , that was also the day on which Chaffetz investigatory zeal seemed to flag , at least regarding the current occupant of the White House . " The Democrats can flail and complain and run around with The Democrats heads cut off , " Chaffetz said after meeting with Trump last week , but " the reality is Chaffetz ’s exempt " from the federal conflicts of interest statute . That seemed to end the discussion for Chaffetz , disregarding the fact that the president is still covered by the Constitution ’s Emoluments Clause . In any event , that was not good enough for some of the congressman ’s constituents . At a town hall meeting this week attended by more than 1 , 000 Utahans , Chaffetz heard repeated calls     often accompanied by " clamorous boos "     for an investigation into Trump ’s finances . Chaffetz steadfastly declined , saying Chaffetz had not seen any evidence Trump’s had used the presidency " to ingratiate Chaffetz family . " " You ’re not going to like this part , " Chaffetz told the frustrated crowd . " The president , under the law , is exempt from the conflict of interest laws . " Chaffetz was referring to the US Criminal Code , which makes Chaffetz a crime for executive branch employees to participate in official decisions that might affect executive branch employees personal financial interests . The president , however , is not an employee of the executive branch , and so that particular provision of the criminal law does not apply to The president .    In Trump ’s words , " the criminal law is totally on my side , meaning The president ca n’t have a conflict of interest . " That was not true , of course .   The The president     as a factual matter     have financial interests that conflict or interfere with his obligations The president the nation , even though he is The president subject to the same penalties as other government officials . And that is also where Chaffetz gets things completely wrong . The chairman of the House Oversight Committee seems to think his only duty The chairman of the House Oversight Committee to investigate potential crimes . If the president The president go to jail , well , there is nothing to see here , and we can all move along . But the actual job of a legislative committee is to investigate the need for legislation , not the need for law enforcement . So the question for Chaffetz is not whether Chaffetz is exempt from the law , but rather , whether the law itself should the law As Republicans are fond of pointing out , our government is one of limited powers , all of which are spelled out in the Constitution . The powers of Congress are enumerated limited powers which does not say anything about conducting investigations . Nonetheless , the US Supreme Court has consistently held that the power to make laws implies the power to conduct investigations . Thus , Congress can legitimately investigate any question " on which Congress could be had and would be materially aided by the information which the investigation was calculated to elicit . "   As the court explained in Watkins v. United States ( the US Supreme Court the power of Congress to conduct investigations is inherent in the legislative Congress . That power is broad . It encompasses inquiries concerning the the power of Congress to conduct investigations existing laws as well the power of Congress to conduct investigations proposed or possibly needed statutes . In other words , the function of an investigative committee is to act as the eyes and ears of Congress in obtaining facts upon which the full legislature Congress act , and that includes amending laws in light of changed circumstances .   As was evident in Chaffetz ’s own    district , millions of Americans     and not only Democrats     are worried about the effect that Trump ’s financial empire might have on his conduct in office .    The current conflict of interest Trump’s have turned out to be inadequate to impose any restraints on the President     including disclosure of the extent of his investments , or the identities of investors , from which the President     , who may have leverage over him . But that is a good reason to open an the President     , not to foreclose one .    Congress needs to consider whether to change the law to fit the unprecedented Trump era , and the first step is to determine the nature , scope and details of the President ’s worldwide holdings .   Chaffetz attended Brigham Young University on a football scholarship , and he still holds several school records for kicking extra points . Chaffetz was evidently a great placekicker , but on the important Chaffetz of Trump ’s financial conflicts of interest , he has regrettably chosen to punt . As the President himself Chaffetz say : Sad ! Note : An earlier version of this story incorrectly said the powers of Congress are enumerated in Article II of the Constitution they are in Article I.  
 the powers of Congress 