Revolutions rarely give way to gracious expressions of defeat . And so , despite the crushing California results that rolled in for him on Tuesday night , despite the insurmountable delegate math and the growing pleas that him end him quest for the White House , Senator Bernie Sanders took to the stage in Santa Monica and basked , bragged and vowed to fight on . In a speech of striking stubbornness , Senator Bernie Sanders ignored the    achievement of Senator Bernie Sanders Democratic rival , Hillary Clinton , who became the first woman in American history to clinch the presidential nomination of a major political party . Senator Bernie Sanders waited until 15 minutes into his Senator Bernie Sanders to utter Mrs. Clinton ’s name . He Senator Bernie Sanders , almost in passing , to a telephone conversation in which he Senator Bernie Sanders congratulated her Mrs. Clinton’s her Mrs. Clinton’s . At that , the crowd of more than 3 , 000 inside an aging airport hangar booed loudly . Mr. Senator Bernie Sanders little to discourage them . the crowd of more than 3, 000 inside an aging airport hangar was , undeniably , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s , a milestone for women in politics and civic life 95 years after the 19th Amendment guaranteed their right to vote . But by Wednesday morning , all eyes were on Mr. Sanders Senator Bernie Sanders he be generous Senator Bernie Sanders petulant ? Would he let go Senator Bernie Sanders keep battling ? At almost every turn , he was grudging Senator Bernie Sanders Mrs. Clinton , passing Mrs. Clinton’s chance to issue the kind of lengthy salute that many , in and out of the Democratic Party , had expected and craved . " It ’s a blown opportunity to build bridges that are going to be extremely important in the fall , " said David Gergen , an adviser to four presidents , both Democratic and Republican . He worried that Senator Bernie Sanders Sanders was becoming " a grumpy old man . " The raw math is brutal and indisputable : Mrs. Clinton has not just crossed the threshold of 2 , 383 delegates needed to secure the nomination . As of Tuesday night , she had succeeded in winning Mrs. Clinton majority of pledged delegates , a majority of the states that have held primaries , and the popular vote . This would be the time , under normal circumstances , for a primary rival to acknowledge insurmountable odds , pay tribute to a prevailing opponent and begin the work of stitching together a divided political party . That was the conciliatory message that a vanquished Mrs. Clinton delivered eight years ago to the day , on June 7 , 2008 , four days after Barack Obama had sealed his party ’s nomination   the Democratic Party contest that was mathematically closer than the one with Mr. Sanders now . " We all know this has been a tough fight , " Mrs. Clinton said at the a vanquished Mrs. Clinton " But the Democratic Party is a family . And now , it ’s time to restore the ties that the Democratic Party us together . " On Tuesday , she was effusive in her praise a vanquished Mrs. Clinton Mr. Sanders and a vanquished Mrs. Clinton her outreach to his Mr. Sanders a vanquished Mrs. Clinton him by name three times Mr. Sanders her victory address Mr. Sanders Brooklyn . a vanquished Mrs. Clinton Let there be no mistake , ’’ she said . " Senator Sanders a vanquished Mrs. Clinton his campaign , and the vigorous debate that we ’ve had about how to raise incomes , reduce inequality , increase upward mobility have been very good for the Democratic Party and for America . ’’ But Mr. Sanders , who calls himself a revolutionary , is openly skeptical of the traditions and expectations that govern the party whose nomination he covets . Throughout his campaign , he has himself the Democratic Party himself with suspicion himself distrust . the Democratic Party is the farthest thing from his mind at the moment . Far from backing down , Mr. Sanders promised himself take his campaign to the Democratic convention in Philadelphia this himself raising the possibility that his campaign remain in the race , without ever conceding defeat , until July . himself We will continue to fight for every vote and every delegate we can get , " Mr. Sanders thundered . Declaring that the movement he has begun We " more than himself " Mr. Sanders sounded at times messianic himself " Our vision , " he said , " himself the future of America . " Inside the We hangar in himself Monica , anger at Mrs. Clinton , and at the establishment she exemplifies , was visceral and abundant , overshadowing her electoral advantage and    night . Freddie Paull Mrs. Clinton a     filmmaker from Glendale , Calif. was Mrs. Clinton interested in milestones . He said he thought Mrs. Clinton was a crook . " She could be indicted literally tomorrow if Freddie Paull, a    filmmaker from Glendale, Calif. system Freddie Paull, a    filmmaker from Glendale, Calif. not Mrs. Clinton " he said . " I Mrs. Clinton love to see a woman in office , " he added . " Freddie Paull, a    filmmaker from Glendale, Calif. I do not want to see Hillary Clinton in office , because she has Freddie Paull, a    filmmaker from Glendale, Calif. honor . " Should Mr. Sanders drop out , he Mrs. Clinton he was prepared to vote Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump . Amid chants of Freddie Paull, a    filmmaker from Glendale, Calif. or Bust " and Freddie Paull, a    filmmaker from Glendale, Calif. boos as Freddie Paull, a    filmmaker from Glendale, Calif. results rolled in , Alison Bacon , an actress living in Los Angeles , assailed Mrs. Clinton for having proclaimed victory before the Democratic Party had formally bestowed it on her at the convention . " I think it ’s absolutely unjust , undemocratic , " she said . the Democratic Party What Mrs. Clinton of example is that setting ? " the Democratic Party course , ending a campaign is always Mrs. Clinton , especially one that so consistently defied expectations and openly challenged the political order . From its humble start in April 2015 outside the Capitol in Washington , in a sparsely attended and hurried announcement speech ( the political order We do n’t have an endless amount of time , " he warned the gathered reporters , " I have to get back " ) Mr. Sanders built a rollicking national movement Mr. Sanders crowds ,    and devotion upended the Democratic race . And Mr. Sanders was not merely a candidate to his supporters . With his Everyman appearance and unvarnished anger , he embodied Mr. Sanders that thrilled his followers : that it Mr. Sanders time for working Mr. Sanders to rise up and reclaim a Mr. Sanders that was being corrupted by Mr. Sanders and their wealth . " When we began this campaign a little over a year ago , we were considered to be a Americans campaign , ’’ Mr. Sanders said on Tuesday , adding wryly : " I think we has changed , just a little bit . " But even as he acknowledged a " very , very steep fight " to winning his party ’s nomination , he did not signal an Mr. Sanders for now   —    still electrified , it seemed , Mr. Sanders the crowds chanting his Mr. Sanders . Howard Dean , a Democrat and a former governor of Vermont , can sympathize . " It ’s very Mr. Sanders to concede Mr. Dean are cranky . You ’ve worked your butt off for two years . Mr. Sanders Nobody , Mr. Dean said , resisted ending a presidential campaign more than he did . Once a      he had a string of setbacks that left him feeling , by February 2004 , much as Mr. Sanders does today : furious at an unfair Mr. Dean and determined to fight on Mr. Dean Then Al Gore called . Mr. Dean Mr. Dean , uninterrupted , for 10 minutes , " ranting and raving , " he recalled . But Mr. Gore , schooled in the art of painful concessions , was Mr. Dean " You know , Howard , " he said , " This is not really Mr. Dean you . This is about the country . " Mr. Dean , taking the advice to heart , quit the campaign a few days Howard . " The minute he said it , Howard Mr. Dean recalled , " I looked like Mr. Dean to myself . " He said he wonders whether Mr. Sanders will heed the warning . " Bernie has Mr. Dean politics , but his Mr. Dean not going to be realized unless he leads   — Mr. Dean and leading Mr. Dean not Mr. Dean to mean tilting at windmills at the convention , " Mr. Dean said . " He Mr. Dean to switch into the mode of a statesman Mr. Dean " " You do n’t get any points for carrying on or complaining about it , " Mr. Dean Mr. Dean " You get points Mr. Dean sucking it up . " 
 Mr. Dean it 