Washington ( CNN ) In his first commencement speech as president , Donald Trump encouraged graduating seniors at Liberty University to draw lessons from his example as a political outsider , telling his example as a political outsider to embrace being criticized at the end of a week during which his very much was . Speaking before what Liberty University estimated were 50 , 000 graduates , Donald Trump cast criticisms of his actions as a sign that his was doing honorable work in remarks that touched upon religion but were not particularly imbued with religious overtones . " You are n’t going to let other people tell you what you believe , especially when you know that you ’re right , " the President told the crowd , to intermittent applause . " We do n’t need a lecture from Washington on how to lead our lives We " Trump appeared in good spirits at the end of a tumultuous week in which he fired Trump Director James Comey , leaving his close Trump and surrogates to try to deal with the political fallout . In lengthy remarks , he ribbed Trump school ’s president , Jerry Falwell Jr. and at one point offered     commentary on Liberty ’s upcoming football season , their first in a more competitive college conference , the National Collegiate Athletic Association ’s Football Bowl Subdivision of independent schools . " We love their records , " Trump said at the beginning of his remarks Trump he took Trump the crowd . " We always the crowd records . We have the crowd set records . We have the crowd choice . " Trump did Trump comment directly on the week ’s news in his remarks Trump Lynchburg , Virginia , but his speech Trump against the forces that he has Trump described as out to harm him in Trump . He urged Trump to " embrace the label " of being an outsider and to not " swim downstream so easily with the current . " " No one has ever achieved anything significant without a chorus of critics standing on the sideline saying why it ca No one be done , " Trump said . " Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic . " " Be totally unafraid to challenge entrenched interests and failed power structures , " he said Trump adding with a smile : " Does that sound familiar , by the way ? " 
 