  ( CNN ) Believe it or not , there is a tasteful way to hold a toga party . President Franklin D. Roosevelt proved that with President Franklin D. Roosevelt 1934    birthday bash . Ahead of President Donald Trump ’s birthday on June 14 , we ’re taking a # FlashbackFriday look at a very memorable presidential birthday from the past .   In the photo above from the the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum ’s collection , you can see President Franklin D. Roosevelt or in the spirit of the festivities , Caesar President Franklin D. Roosevelt before a    birthday cake , draped in a cape and crowned with a laurel . Roosevelt is surrounded President Franklin D. Roosevelt    revelers , including his wife , President Franklin D. Roosevelt , and some soldiers . Casual . In the background , you can see one of the iconic    windows of the White House residence ’s sitting rooms .   The party was held on January 30 , 1934 , Roosevelt ’s 52nd President Franklin D. Roosevelt According to the FDR Library , the theme was chosen as a joke , poking fun at FDR ’s critics who FDR him a dictator . ( Trolling is not a 21st century invention . ) Attention to detail was clearly key for a Rooseveltian birthday . Look at the ferns covering the floor , the palms surrounding the group and the excessive accessorizing partygoers went through . Take note , fraternities of America , commitment to the shtick is the key to a classy toga party . No one at this shindig ripped unwashed sheets off a bed and sauntered off to the White House . President Roosevelt ’s birthday was not all fun and games . One of FDR ’s closest friends established the National Committee for Birthday Balls . Its purpose was to the National Committee parties across America to celebrate the President ’s birthday President Roosevelt to raise money for a therapeutic center in Warm Springs , Georgia .   Polio patients such as FDR would visit the center for FDR and treatment . The FDR library says that hundreds of FDR raised more than $ 1 million dollars for the center the year of FDR a therapeutic center in Warm Springs, Georgia bash .   FDR in Warm Springs in 1945 at the age of 63 . 
 