  ( CNN ) Looks like some Donald Trump supporters are still holding a grudge against Mitt Romney for the way the 2012 GOP nominee criticized Trump during the campaign . The    is considering Mitt Romney for secretary of state , and according to news reports , before these Trump insiders will support Mitt Romney , these Trump insiders want Mitt Romney to apologize for calling Trump such things as a " phony " and a " fraud . "   Kellyanne Conway , one of Trump ’s top advisers , used the language of betrayal to describe how Trump supporters feel about Mitt Romney , telling CNN ’s Dana Bash , " I ’m all for party unity , but I ’m not sure CNN have to pay for that with the secretary of state position . " After being criticized for assailing Mitt Romney publicly instead of conveying Mitt Romney thoughts to Trump privately , Conway tweeted that the " point is the volume   intensity of grassroots resistance to Mitt Romney is breathtaking . "   Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , a Trump supporter , even offered detailed instructions on what Mitt Romney must do before Mitt Romney could be forgiven : " There ’s only one way that I think Mitt Romney could even be considered for a post like that ( secretary of state ) and that is he Mitt Romney to a microphone in a very public place and repudiates everything he Mitt Romney . . .. "    Huckabee Mitt Romney on to something . If an apology is a prerequisite for supporters to forgive Romney , then the    should follow this advice and publicly apologize to those groups of Americans he Mitt Romney attacked if he Mitt Romney us to forgive him Mitt Romney Actually , Trump should take Huckabee Mitt Romney exact instructions and go " to a microphone in a very public place " and make it clear that he Mitt Romney truly sorry for the vile words he Mitt Romney about so many communities , which were far worse than anything Romney said regarding the businessman . So where should Trump start Trump ? Well , it would make sense for him to Trump with the Latino community , given that he started Trump members of it from the beginning of his campaign Trump his lie Trump Mexico was sending " rapists " and drug dealers to the United States .    Next , Trump can take a limo ride to Paterson , New Jersey , home of a sizable Muslim population , and apologize to Muslim Americans for the horrible comments he made Trump that community .   For starters , Trump can Trump he lied Trump he told Trump rally crowd he saw Trump thousands " of Muslims cheering in New Jersey New Jersey . ( A " pants on fire " falsehood , Politifact said . )   And he should add Politifact sincere regrets Politifact stoking hate against Muslims with his irresponsible comments Politifact as " Islam hates us . " Perhaps soon thereafter Trump can hold a press conference     something he has not Politifact since July     and offer a heartfelt apology to the disabled community for mocking the physical appearance of journalist Serge Kovaleski , a man who suffers from a chronic condition that limits the movement of his arms . Politifact a reminder , when Kovaleski refused to support Trump ’s lie Trump " thousands " of Muslims cheered in New Jersey on    Trump publicly mocked Trump reporter at Trump 2015 campaign rally by mimicking his disability . And Trump Trump really wants to Trump to build goodwill , he should make a Trump apologizing to the women of America . After all Trump not only bragged about sexually assaulting women in the infamous " Access Hollywood " tape , he mocked Carly Fiorina Trump face and , worse , he publicly shamed the Trump women who accused him of sexual misconduct Trump calling them all liars . True , some women were not troubled by these comments , but a public apology to the big chunk that were could possibly build bridges .   There are , of course , others Trump might want to consider apologizing to     to prove he has changed as Trump person and learned right from wrong . For example , Mercutio Southall Jr. a Black Lives Matter protester attacked by Trump ’s fans at Trump rally in November 2015 . The day after the event , Trump stunningly defended his white Trump beating this Trump up . No one can guarantee that a Trump apology will actually cause Trump people and communities to forgive him . For many Americans this man including myself     it will take Trump more than just an " I ’m sorry " by Trump to make up for Trump hate he spewed during his campaign Trump leaving in Trump wake a slimy tide Trump bigotry , xenophobia and misogyny in America . If Trump truly wants to be Trump president of all the people , as he tells us , the Trump step is apologizing to those he wronged . Without that Trump he has no chance of Trump being a president for all . 
 