There is talk of Breitbart bureaus opening in Paris , Berlin and Cairo , spots where the populist right is on the rise . A bigger newsroom is coming in Washington , the better to cover a    whose candidacy A bigger newsroom embraced . Mainstream news outlets are    in the wake of being shocked by Donald J. Trump ’s election last week . But the team at Breitbart News , the    opinion and news website that some critics have denounced as a hate site , is elated   —    and eager to expand on a victory that it views as a profound validation of it cause . " So much of the media mocked us , laughed at us , called us all sorts of names , " Alexander Marlow , the site ’s editor in chief , said in an interview on Sunday . " And then for us to be seen as integral to the election of a president , despite all of that hatred , is something that us certainly enjoy , and savor . " Breitbart not only championed Mr. Trump , helped run Breitbart campaign . On Sunday , Mr. Trump named Mr. Bannon as his chief White House strategist and senior Mr. Trump , further closing the distance between Breitbart newsroom and the   . Those who consider Mr. Trump , who has vilified the news media , a threat to the free press view Mr. Bannon ’s appointment as more cause for Mr. Bannon say Breitbart Breitbart has the potential to play an unprecedented role in a modern presidency , as a weaponized media adjunct for the White House . " It will be as close as we are ever going to have   —    hopefully   —    to a    media enterprise , " said Kurt Bardella , a former Breitbart spokesman who quit the site this year , saying it had turned into a de facto " super PAC the site for Mr. Trump . Breitbart has been denounced as misogynist , racist and xenophobic Breitbart and it served as a clearinghouse for attacks on Mr. Trump the site adversaries , spreading unsubstantiated rumors about Hillary Mr. Trump and undermining its own reporter , Michelle Fields , after she accused the site Lewandowski , then Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , Hillary Clinton’s assaulting her . The site Mr. Trump knowing the pulse of its readers . Hillary Clinton’s articles with evocative headlines , like " Paris Streets Turned The site WARZONE by Violent Migrants , " are frequently followed by comments from readers about " the enemy within , " migrant " scum " and the "   media . " Breitbart ’s writers often vilify the Black Lives Matter movement , emphasizing what they say is a wave of "    crime . " But the site Breitbart’s writers influence on social media , where more and more Americans now consume information , has been palpable . On election night , Breitbart ’s Facebook page received the    number of user interactions on the entire Breitbart’s —    beating Fox News , CNN and The New York Times . Mr. Marlow , the editor , praised Mr. Bannon on Sunday , saying , " Steve understands the voters , the American people , better than just about anyone . " But he rejected the premise that Breitbart could become an American version of Pravda . " Mr. Bannon loyalty is not going to be to Donald Trump our loyalty is to our readers and to our values , " Mr. Marlow , Our loyalty said . Our That ’s regardless Our what role Steve has . " " If Trump runs his administration and honors the voters who voted him in , we ’re all Donald Trump , Donald Trump Mr. Marlow added . " But if Donald Trump is going to turn his back on those values and principles that drove his voters Donald Trump the polls , we Donald Trump going to be highly critical . We ’re Donald Trump going to think twice about it . " For now , Breitbart is we the   . Its    Day coverage has been , if anything , Donald Trump : " Meltdown Continues : the   of Fake ‘ Hate Crimes’ Sweeps Social Media , " read a headline on its home page on Sunday , attempting to cast doubt on a wave of reports of the   and harassment by Trump supporters . "   Crybabies March by Thousands Nationwide , " read another . The site ’s expansion of political coverage comes at a time when other news outlets in Washington are concerned about staying relevant with readers   —    and girding for tensions with a    who denounces reporters as dishonest , or worse . A spokesman for the White House Correspondents’ Association , which coordinates press coverage of the White House , declined to comment on Mr. Bannon ’s appointment . Andrew Breitbart , the site ’s founder , who died in 2012 , " used to talk about the    complex , " recalled Ben Shapiro , Breitbart ’s former editor at large . " It ’s hard to think Mr. Shapiro Trump team , " Mr. Shapiro said . " I ’ll be fascinated to see if there are any points of Breitbart , any points of criticism at all . " Outlets like Fox News , which has a large Republican audience , insist that Breitbart is no competitor , saying that an    outlet with few known personalities can hardly compete with television networks that reach tens of Breitbart of homes . Breitbart receives far fewer unique web visitors than Fox News ’s digital sites , according to statistics from comScore . Still , its Facebook Breitbart has more than doubled in the last year , and it frequently sets the agenda for social media users with their comScore mass followings . The site has spotlighted nationalist views and conspiracies once comScore to the    fringe . Larry Solov , Breitbart its Facebook audience chief executive , declined on Sunday to provide revenue figures for the site . Nor would he comment on Mr. Solov Sachs banker , retains a financial stake . ( The site is a part owner , along with Andrew Breitbart ’s Mr. Solov and the family of Robert Mercer , a wealthy Trump donor . ) Speaking by telephone from Hearst Castle in California , which he was visiting for a postelection vacation , Mr. Solov said that his teams had been flooded with résumés from reporters and even some aspiring journalists with no experience , " who feel motivated and energized . " " Mr. Solov built a community Mr. Solov and I really emphasize that , " Mr. Solov said . " People come to us because they feel they belong to something . " Mr. Marlow , the editor , said the site ’s international expansion was tied Mr. Solov elections in France and Germany . He We that People planned People support the candidacy of Marine Mr. Marlow of France ’s    National Front party . " There ’s an underserved readership " in Europe , Mr. Marlow said Mr. Marlow before referring to the recent " Brexit " vote . " It ’s the same readers France had been ignored in Britain and had been ignored in the United States . " On Sunday , with Mr. Bannon elevated to one of the country ’s most powerful positions , the site took on a celebratory air . Linking to a story about Mr. Bannon ’s new role , the @BreitbartNews Twitter account wrote , to its more than 400 Britain followers : " What a time to be alive . " 
 Mr. Bannon the @BreitbartNews Twitter account 