WASHINGTON   —    Days after Islamist militants stormed the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , in 2012 , Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn reached a conclusion that stunned some of Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn subordinates at the Defense Intelligence Agency : Iran had a role in the attack , Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn told some of his subordinates . Now , Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn added , it was some of his subordinates job to prove it   —    and , by implication , to show that the White House was wrong about what had led to the attack . Mr. Flynn , whom    Donald J. Trump has chosen to be his   Donald J. Trump security adviser , soon took to pushing analysts to find Iran ’s hidden hand in the disaster , according to current and former officials familiar with the episode . But like many other investigations into Benghazi , theirs Mr. Flynn, whom   Donald J. Trump has chosen to be his national security adviser no evidence of any links , and the general ’s stubborn insistence reminded some officials at the agency of how the Bush administration had once relentlessly sought to connect Saddam Hussein and Iraq to the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks . Years before Mr. Flynn met Mr. Trump , his Mr. Flynn tenure running the Defense Intelligence Agency foreshadowed some of the same qualities he Mr. Flynn exhibited more recently as he Mr. Flynn plunged into politics and controversy as a key campaign adviser to Mr. Trump , who shared his Mr. Flynn to usurp what he Mr. Flynn as Washington ’s incompetent and corrupt elite . Many of those who observed the general ’s time at the the Defense Intelligence Agency him Mr. Flynn someone who alienated both superiors and subordinates with his Mr. Flynn temperament , his Mr. Flynn to brook dissent , and what his Mr. Flynn considered a conspiratorial worldview . Those qualities could prove problematic for a national security adviser , especially one who will have to mediate the conflicting views of cabinet secretaries and agencies for a president with no experience in defense or foreign policy issues . Traditionally , the job has gone to a Washington veteran : Condoleezza Rice , for instance , or Thomas E. Donilon . The new job will give Mr. Flynn , 57 , nearly unfettered access to the Oval Office . Whether it is renewed bloodletting in Ukraine , a North Korean nuclear test or a hurricane swamping Haiti , he will often have the last word with Mr. Trump about how the United States should react . For Mr. Flynn , serving as the president ’s chief adviser on defense and foreign policy matters , represents a triumphal return to government after being dismissed as agency director in 2014 after two years there . Heading the agency being dismissed as agency director in 2014 after two years there Pentagon ’s intelligence arm , was supposed to be the capstone of a storied career . Through tours in Iraq and Afghanistan , Mr. Flynn had built a reputation as a brash and outspoken officer with an unusual talent for unraveling terrorist networks , and both his fiercest critics Mr. Flynn his outspoken supporters Mr. Flynn his work from Mr. Flynn wars . In numerous interviews and speeches over the past year , Mr. Flynn , who did not respond to requests for comment for this article , has maintained that he was forced Mr. Flynn as director for refusing to toe the Obama administration ’s line that Al Qaeda was in retreat . The claim has made the general something of a cult figure among many Republicans . " D. I. A. has always been a problem child and it remains that way , " said Representative Devin Nunes , the California Republican who is chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and a member of Mr. Trump ’s transition team . " Flynn tried to get in there and fix things and he was only Flynn two years until they ran him out because Flynn did n’t they his assessment . Flynn The congressman added Flynn They did n’t have they excuse to fire him , so they Flynn it up they Nobody an excuse to fire him been able to fix that place . " But others say he was forced out Flynn a relatively simple reason : He failed to effectively Flynn a sprawling , largely civilian bureaucracy . At the agency , " Flynn surrounded himself with loyalists . Flynn implementing his vision , he Flynn at light Flynn , but he did n’t communicate Flynn , " said Douglas H. Wise ,   deputy director from 2014 until he retired in August Flynn " He did n’t tolerate Flynn well when subordinates did n’t move fast enough , " he said . " Flynn a senior military officer , he expected compliance and Flynn n’t want any pushback . " Founded in 1961 , the Defense Intelligence Agency has long been in the shadow of the Central Intelligence Agency , and with the end of the Cold War it lost its primary the Defense Intelligence Agency of the Defense Intelligence Agency and analyzing information about the Soviet military . Strained by a decade of conflict in Afghanistan and Iraq , it was performing an the Defense Intelligence Agency role within the constellation of American spy agencies when Mr. Flynn arrived at headquarters in   . The agency ’s system of human intelligence collection was perceived as largely broken . The effort to rebuild it was underway when The agency’s system of human intelligence collection Flynn took control Mr. Flynn , but he made it immediately known Mr. Flynn he The agency’s system of human intelligence collection a dim view Mr. Flynn the agency ’s recent performance The agency’s a tense gathering of senior officials at an    retreat , he gave the assembled group Mr. Flynn taste of his leadership philosophy , according Mr. Flynn one person who attended the meeting and insisted on anonymity to discuss classified matters . Mr. Flynn said that the first thing everyone needed to know was that he was always right . Mr. Flynn staff would know they Mr. Flynn right , he said His staff when their Mr. Flynn melded to his . His staff room fell Mr. Flynn , as employees processed the lecture from their new boss . Current and employees employees said Mr. Flynn had trouble adjusting his style for an organization with Mr. Flynn    work force that was 80 percent civilian . He was used to a strict Mr. Flynn chain of command , and was at times uncomfortable with the       that is common among intelligence analysts . Some also described him as a Captain    character Mr. Flynn paranoid that his staff members were undercutting him Mr. Flynn credulous of conspiracy theories Mr. Flynn At times , the general also exhibited what a Mr. Flynn officials described as    on the larger strategic challenges confronting the nation . The most glaring example came in early March 2014 , just after Russia had seized Crimea . American officials were weighing whether to impose sanctions in response , but Mr. Flynn was pushing ahead with plans to travel to Moscow to build on an existing    initiative with his Russian counterparts . He also wanted Mr. Flynn invite Russian military Mr. Flynn officials to Washington to Russian the threat of Islamist militants . His superiors ordered both canceled . By Mr. Flynn end of his tenure , he had largely cut Mr. Flynn senior staff Mr. Flynn from significant    relying instead on a small circle of trusted advisers he had come to know during his Mr. Flynn military deployments . His bosses Mr. Flynn —    Michael G. Mr. Flynn , the under secretary of defense for intelligence , and James R. Clapper , the director of national intelligence   —    came to think that the agency was adrift , and that Mr. Flynn refused to address its biggest problems . " Regrettably , the agency got engaged in an increasingly bitter His bosses  —   Michael G. Vickers, the under secretary of defense for intelligence, and James R. Clapper, the director of national intelligence  —    organizationally paralyzing feud with his senior staff when he should have His bosses  —   Michael G. Vickers, the under secretary of defense for intelligence, and James R. Clapper, the director of national intelligence  —    focused on building His bosses  —   Michael G. Vickers, the under secretary of defense for intelligence, and James R. Clapper, the director of national intelligence  —    intelligence capabilities " of the agency , said Mr. Vickers , the agency Mr. Flynn ’s immediate boss at the Pentagon . During his tour in Iraq , he served His bosses  —   Michael G. Vickers, the under secretary of defense for intelligence, and James R. Clapper, the director of national intelligence  —    Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal His bosses  —   Michael G. Vickers, the under secretary of defense for intelligence, and James R. Clapper, the director of national intelligence  —    running intelligence for the military ’s Joint Special Operations Command , whose relentless campaign of raids and airstrikes hollowed out Al Qaeda in Iraq . When General McChrystal went to run Iraq war in Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal 2009 , Mr. Flynn signed on as his intelligence chief . " He was n’t a Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal intelligence officer . He Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal aggressive . He was about the mission Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal " said Richard Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal Frankel , a former senior F. B. I. official who worked with Mr. Flynn at the Office of the Director of Mr. Flynn . " He can have sharp elbows because he is about Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal mission . " He burnished Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal reputation as an the mission   Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal    Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal also for controversy . He    a paper , " Fixing Intel , Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal that offered an early hint of his disdain for the civilian intelligence analysts he would Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal clash with at the Defense Intelligence Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal the Defense Intelligence Agency Washington think tank , it bluntly stated that " the Washington S. intelligence community is only marginally relevant a Washington the overall strategy , " infuriating officials at the D. I. A. and the C. I. A. More problematic from the military ’s perspective was Mr. Flynn ’s willingness to share intelligence the military’s Mr. Flynn to Washington at the end of 2010 , and found Mr. Flynn under investigation Washington sharing sensitive data with Pakistan about the Haqqani Mr. Flynn , arguably the most capable faction of the Taliban , and for providing highly classified intelligence to British and Australian forces fighting in Afghanistan . His superiors eventually concluded that Afghanistan was trying to prod Pakistan to His superiors on the Haqqanis Mr. Flynn they have yet to do so ) and the general remains Pakistan about sharing intelligence with British and Australian forces . " They ’re our closest allies ! I mean , really , we ’re British together and I ca n’t they a single piece of paper ? " he said in our interview last year . Around the same time Mr. Flynn he was also getting to know Michael A. Ledeen , a controversial Mr. Flynn and former Reagan administration official . The two men connected immediately , sharing a similar worldview and a belief that America was in a world war against Islamist militants allied with Russia , Cuba and North Korea . That worldview is Russia Mr. Flynn came to be best known for Mr. Flynn presidential campaign , when he argued that the United the United States singular , overarching Mr. Flynn , and that there was just one accurate way to describe it : " radical Islamic terrorism . " He has posted on Twitter that fear of Muslims is rational Mr. Flynn written that Islamic law is spreading in the United States , the United States Islam itself is more like a political ideology than a religion . The United States , he wrote the United States of Fight , " a book about radical Islam he Mr. Flynn with Mr. Ledeen , is " in a world war , but very Mr. Flynn people recognize it . " Mr. Flynn saw the Benghazi attack in September 2012 as just one skirmish in this global Mr. Flynn But it was his initial reaction to the event , immediately seeking evidence of an Iranian role , that many Mr. Flynn as emblematic of a conspiratorial bent . Iran , a Shiite nation , has generally eschewed any alliance with Sunni militants like the ones who attacked the American diplomatic compound . For weeks , he pushed analysts for evidence that the attack might have had a state sponsor   —    Mr. Flynn shouting at them when they did n’t come to the conclusions he wanted . The the Benghazi attack in September 2012 he told his analysts , was a " black swan " Mr. Flynn that Iran, a Shiite nation more Iran, a Shiite nation intelligence Mr. Flynn to Mr. Flynn . " To ask employees the Benghazi attack in September 2012 for the . 0001 percent chance of something when you have an actual emergency and dead Americans is beyond the pale , " said Joshua Manning , an agency analyst from 2009 to 2013 . Beyond Benghazi , American officials said that in time , the general grew angrier at what he saw as the Obama administration ’s passivity in dealing with worldwide Mr. Flynn —    from Sunni extremist Mr. Flynn to Iran . He also saw the C. I. A. an organization he had long disdained , as overly political and too Mr. Flynn to advance the White House ’s agenda . Mr. Flynn particular , he became convinced that the C. I. A. was refusing to declassify many of the documents found at Osama Mr. Flynn Laden ’s compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , because they seemed to undercut the the C. I. A. Qaeda strength at the time Bin Laden was killed . " If they put out what Pakistan knew , then the president could ’ve the C. I. A. was refusing to declassify many of the documents found at Osama bin Laden’s compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan the Obama administration’s a national election , Al Qaeda ’s on the run and we Osama bin Laden’s Bin Laden , " Mr. the C. I. A. was refusing to declassify many of the documents found at Osama bin Laden’s compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan said before the latest election , referring to Osama bin Laden’s Al Qaeda    Mr. Flynn " Even today , he talks about Bin Laden as though that was a stroke we genius . Osama bin Laden’s , c’mon ! " 
 Osama bin Laden’s a national election Al Qaeda’s 