’’ ’SHIMA , Japan   —    President Barack Obama asserted Tuesday that foreign leaders were " rattled " by Donald Trump and had good reason to feel that way , as Donald Trump accused the presumptive Republican presidential nominee of ignorance about world affairs.’ ’Weighing in on the Democratic race to replace President Barack Obama , President Barack Obama also downplayed concerns that the protracted fight between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders was hurting Bernie Sanders party’ ’s chances , brushing off the protracted fight between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders escalating attacks as the inevitable " grumpiness " of a primary campaign.’ ’Obama’ ’s assessment of the presidential campaign came on the sidelines of a Group of Seven advanced economies summit in Japan , the latest world gathering to be colored by global concerns about Trump . Obama said foreign leaders at the conference were " surprised by the Republican nominee " and unsure how seriously to take the Republican nominee pronouncements.’ ’"They are rattled by ’"They   —    and for good reason , " Obama said . " Because a lot of the proposals he has made display either ignorance of world affairs , or a cavalier attitude , or an interest in getting tweets and headlines . " ’ ’He contrasted that to proposals that thoughtfully address what’ ’s required to keep the US safe and prosperous and " to keep the world on an even keel . " ’ " In a news conference , Obama brushed off calls for Sanders and Clinton to move hurriedly to resolve the primary so that Democrats can unite behind one candidate , arguing that unlike the Republicans , this year ’s Democratic candidates were n’t that ideologically divided . Sanders likened the    campaign between Clinton and Sanders to the one Sanders waged with Clinton in 2008 . " ’"During primaries , people get a little grumpy with each other , " Obama said . " Somebody’ ’s supporter pops off and there’ ’s a certain buildup of aggravation . Every little speed bump , conflict    that takes place is elevated . " ’ ’He urged both Democratic candidates to " try to stick to the issues , " adding that the grumpiness often stemmed from voters ’’ frustration when the campaign instead becomes dominated by talk about " personalities and character . " ’ ’SHIMA , Japan   —    President Barack Obama . .. ’ 
 