Washington ( CNN ) As President Donald Trump concluded lunch with President Donald Trump British counterpart Friday , President Donald Trump appeared so enthralled at successfully executing President Donald Trump first bout of     diplomacy that President Donald Trump asked an aide to file away the menu card for safekeeping . " Keep that safe , " President Donald Trump said , according to a UK official . " I had lunch with the British prime minister . " Indeed , after a meal of braised beef and President Donald Trump favorite iceberg wedge salad , Trump had reason to believe Trump debut as a statesman was a singular success .   Resistance to Trump ’s travel ban mounts , During an    news conference , Trump stuck rigidly to script touting the transatlantic special relationship , never veering into the conspiratorial areas that had distracted Trump the week prior . UK Prime Minister Theresa May , meanwhile , hailed Trump as a populist savior and announced the British Queen had invited Trump to London . Two days and seven phone calls later , the glow of Trump ’s diplomatic    has faded .   As Trump convened call after call to foreign capitals this weekend ,    became clear Trump travel ban on certain    nations would create rifts with some of the United States’ closest partners     including with May herself     and threaten to isolate Trump , the newest member of the global leaders’ club . Sitting    at    Resolute Desk Saturday , Trump sipped from a glass of Diet Coke as the The German Chancellor US obligations under the Geneva Convention . The agreement requires the US to the Geneva Convention from    nations , Merkel made clear in her notoriously The German Chancellor manner . " The German Chancellor German Chancellor explained that policy to the US President , " said her spokesman Steffen Seibert . " The German Chancellor is convinced that the necessary The German Chancellor decisive battle against terrorism does not justify a general suspicion against people of a certain origin or a certain religion . " Already skeptical of Merkel for her close ties to The German Chancellor predecessor The German Chancellor President Barack Obama The German Chancellor Trump as recently as two weeks ago was chastising the German leader for her " very the President The German Chancellor taking all of these illegals . "   Trump set to make his Supreme Court Trump as part of Trump frenetic Week 2 , A person familiar with his reaction said the President chafed at Trump ’s lecture . She was only the first in The German Chancellor string of leaders who raised the refugee issue to Trump this weekend . Officials at the Trump House had booked a full slate of calls , capitalizing on Trump ’s desire to work long hours Trump to break from his new role . Even when his conversations Trump meant to occur in the Trump of his own residence , Trump nevertheless dressed in Trump suit and tie Trump place the calls from the Oval Office . But as he began dialing world leaders on Saturday , Trump became evident that his explosive directive to deny entry to refugees Trump 120 days , while also banning US travel for all citizens of Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen , would cause problems with his allies . French President Francois Hollande told Trump that in " an unstable and uncertain world , withdrawal into oneself is a    response , " according to a statement from the Élysée Palace .   Hollande , who speaks limited English , told Trump through a translator that democracies could only be defended Trump if we respect the principles that founded them , especially with the welcoming of refugees . " democracies ’s Malcolm Turnbull used his phone call to ensure a refugee resettlement agreement signed Australia’s Malcolm Turnbull year would still be honored . Obama had encouraged Turnbull , a conservative , to develop close ties to Trump in a bid to stabilize the brash new leader . And May , less than 48 hours after she left the White House , was forced to denounce Australia’s Malcolm Turnbull ’s policy after British journalists harangued her during a Trump conference in the Turkish capital Ankara Australia’s Malcolm Turnbull " We do not agree with this kind of approach and it is not one we will be taking , " a spokesman for May We after her performance at the Turkey news conference was derided . Australia’s Malcolm Turnbull Downing Street a news conference in the Turkish capital Ankara instructed her foreign and home secretaries to speak with their US May to " protect the rights of British nationals . " Trump is operating without a secretary of state , however , as his nominee Rex Tillerson awaits confirmation by the US Senate . On Saturday Trump was also operating without his chief liaison to foreign governments , senior Trump Jared Kushner , whose Trump Jewish observation of the Sabbath prevents work or the use of technology .   Kushner has assumed an outsized role in the West Wing , principally on foreign affairs , making his absence Saturday notable . Trump , who is also Kushner ’s     Kushner tasked him with managing relations with Mexico amid a Kushner over the proposed border Kushner . He ’s also regarded by Trump allies in Washington as less ideological than Kushner top advisers , like former Breitbart chairman Steve Bannon or conservative policy stalwart Steven Miller . Kushner was back in the Oval Office on Sunday as Trump faced a Kushner round of phone calls , plus the news that Trump American commando had died in a shootout with al Qaeda militants in Yemen . The incident came during the first counterterrorism operation authorized by the new President an American commando had died in a shootout with al Qaeda militants in Yemen , who signed off on the raid last week , nonetheless declared the mission successful in a statement , indicating the US had gathering valuable intelligence , despite the casualty .   " Americans are saddened this morning with news that a life of a heroic service member has been taken in our fight against the evil of radical Islamic terrorism . My deepest thoughts and humblest prayers are with the family of this fallen service member , " Trump said in a statement . Shortly after a heroic service member Trump spoke with King Salman of Saudi Arabia , whose military news that a life of a heroic service member has been taken in our fight against the evil of radical Islamic terrorism battling Houthi militants in Yemen Trump A Saudi source said the refugee ban was expected to arise on the call . Trump also spoke with the crown prince of the United Arab Emirates , whose two flagship airlines have Trump conflicting guidance in the wake of Trump ’s order .     Instead of a cluttered nest of papers , Trump ’s desk on Sunday Trump . After a day of facing withering criticism , both on the Trump in the streets , only a single copy of the New York Post ’s Inauguration issue lay in front of him , the front page featuring a photo of his    and the quote " Power to You , the only a single copy of the New York Post’s " from his address . A few hours only a single copy of the New York Post’s his calls , Trump issued a defiant statement in support of his executive only a single copy of the New York Post’s . " This is not about only a single copy of the New York Post’s , " he wrote . " This is about terror only a single copy of the New York Post’s keeping our country safe . " 
 only a single copy of the New York Post’s This 