  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump landed in Israel on Monday for the second leg of President Donald Trump first foreign trip as president where President Donald Trump will tackle the    peace process , address regional security issues and reaffirm the US’ commitment to Israel alliance with Israel . The visit is the second of three stops on President Donald Trump schedule aimed at highlighting the importance of the world ’s three largest monotheistic religions . He arrived President Donald Trump Israel after Israel Saudi Arabia , home to the two holiest sites in Islam , and will next head to the Vatican , home of the Catholic Church . " Young Israeli and Palestinian children deserve to grow up in safety , and to follow their dreams Young Israeli and Palestinian children from the violence that has destroyed so many lives , " said Trump , in remarks alongside Israeli President Reuven Rivlin in Jerusalem on Monday . " Thank both you and Prime Minister ( Benjamin ) Netanyahu for your commitment to achieving peace between Israelis and Palestinians , " Trump told Trump . Israeli President Reuven Rivlin in Jerusalem I also look forward to discussing the peace process with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas . " The schedule : After landing in Tel Aviv , Trump will Trump to Jerusalem for a series of meetings , speeches and symbolic visits . Day 1 : Meets with Israeli President Reuven RivlinVisits the Church of the Holy SepulcherVisits Western WallMeets with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Day 2 : Travels to the West Bank city of Bethlehem to meet with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud AbbasVisits Israel ’s Holocaust museum , Yad Vashem , to lay a wreathDelivers remarks at the Israel Museum , But who will be there to greet him ? Netanyahu has demanded his government Netanyahu attend Trump ’s arrival ceremony Monday morning after several of them said his government ministers were his government ministers to give it a pass , one of the ministers’ offices said . The office source , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the visit Trump visit CNN that a number of ministers intended to skip the ceremony at Tel Aviv ’s Ben Gurion International Airport because it is expected to be brief , and Trump is only expected to shake the hands of Netanyahu and Rivlin . Neither Israelis nor Palestinians expect much from Trump visit , When Netanyahu realized the Netanyahu of expected ministerial    however , he made attendance Netanyahu , the minister ’s Netanyahu . What ’s at stake ?     tensions over Trump ’s revelation to Russians ? This is the unexpected cloud that may hang over Trump ’s visit . It Trump’s week after the US alliance with Israel was put to the test amid reports that Trump divulged highly classified intelligence Trump by the Israelis during his meeting with the Russian Trump minister . Abroad , President Trump ’s reality collides Trump Trump ’s words , The    intelligence cooperation agreement is one of the most significant relationships in the world and Trump ’s decision to reveal information Trump Israelis did not want shared could the Israelis tension during Trump ’s visit . Neither the US nor candidate Trump’s confirmed the source of the intelligence was indeed Israel , as widely reported , but the Israelis Israel publicly refuted any talk of the Israelis the Israelis . Israeli Ambassador to Washington Ron Dermer reaffirmed Israel ’s " full confidence in our intelligence sharing relationship Israel after the bombshell revelation . Asked if Trump planned to apologize for sharing the Israeli intelligence , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Monday aboard Air Force One en route to Tel Aviv : " I do n’t know that there ’s anything to apologize for . " " To the extent the Israelis have any questions , or clarification , I ’m sure we ’re happy to provide that , " Tillerson said .    conflict , The    conflict will Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at the top of the conflict as he meets with leaders from both sides . Trump , for his the President’s , has ramped up expectations , expressing his optimism that Trump peace deal can finally be brokered to end Trump nearly     conflict and even suggesting a resolution may not be conflict after all .     " It is something that I think is , frankly , maybe , not as difficult as people have thought over the years , " Trump said last month during a meeting with Abbas . Trump and his advisers have Trump reviving peace talks between the Israelis and Palestinians a top foreign Abbas priority and the US president will be looking to demonstrate some progress toward that goal on the other end of the trip . Trump has pitched himself as a " mediator , an arbitrator or a facilitator " Trump help both Trump to reach a lasting peace settlement and has resisted laying out specific conditions the Israelis and Palestinians peace deal .   Trump shocked longtime observers of the    peace process earlier this year when he declined Trump endorse a    solution to the conflict , breaking with stated US Trump under his past two predecessors Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama . " I ’m Trump at    and    and I like the one that both parties like , " Trump said during a joint news conference with Netanyahu at the White House in February . " I ’m very happy with the one that both parties like . I can live with either ’m . " Tillerson the one that both parties the increasing both parties Islamist extremism is proving to be a unifying force . " That is unifying , " Tillerson said . " That there ’s something larger going on that ’s affecting all of us . We need to Tillerson and come together to address that . I think that creates a different dynamic . " Settlements us " I ’d like to see you hold back on settlements for a little bit , " Trump told Netanyahu at the White House in February . Trump ’s remark during that news conference is the clearest statement of policy on the issue from the administration to date Trump it leaves open a slew of questions that Trump may be pressed to address while he is in Israel and in the West Bank . Israelis on edge before Trump Trump , Trump did not specify whether Trump US is urging Israel to halt only new settlement activity , or even construction to expand Trump settlements . And he also has n’t said Israel his request to halt settlement activity     already more modestly stated than past presidents     applies Trump East Jerusalem . Tillerson on Trump declined to say whether Trump would pressure the Israelis on settlements , simply promising that " settlements are part of the overall peace discussion . " Trump There are a number of elements that have presented challenges to the peace process in the past , settlements is clearly one of those , " he said . US embassy , Trump was considering recognizing Jerusalem as Israel ’s capital and announcing plans to relocate the US Tillerson to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv Trump his trip . But he faced a mountain of pressure not to do that in recent weeks Jerusalem foreign policy officials at Tillerson State Department , Tillerson and in the intelligence community , as well as from Arab diplomats . They all warned that the move would inflame tensions in the region and add an obstacle to peace talks before they even got off the starting block .   Trump ’s 1989 trip to Israel that never was , Administration officials told CNN last week that Trump would not announce the embassy move during the trip , but did not rule out making the declaration in the future Trump’s Western wall , Trump will be the first sitting US president to visit the Western Wall , the holiest site in Judaism . But Trump Trump’s currently scheduled to visit the site without Israeli officials by his side     with US officials keenly aware of the Trump’s surrounding the holy site , which both Israelis and Palestinians claim Trump’s part of their territory . The US has left the status of Jerusalem as a whole to a final status peace settlement .   both Israelis and Palestinians Trump ’s visit to the wall comes after US officials who met with Israeli officials to arrange Trump ’s visit sparked off a controversy by contending the Western Wall Western Wall was part of the West Bank     which is Trump’s US’ policy .   White House press secretary Sean Spicer would only say the West Wall is in Jerusalem , without clarifying whether the administration believes the Western Wall is in Israel . Israel Tillerson on Monday the Western Wall Jerusalem : " The wall the administration of Jerusalem . " Still , the Western Wall to the wall Monday a symbolic statement about the Jewish people ’s connection to Israel Jerusalem the Western Wall in particular . Trump’s visit to the wall a lot about the importance of walls and as the Western Wall his way Trump Jerusalem West the West Bank city of Bethlehem with Abbas , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will confront one perhaps Trump more Trump than the one he has vowed to build on the    border . Trump barrier separating Israel from Israel West Bank has been a Trump source of tension between Israel and Israel Palestinians . While Israeli officials contend the barrier , built during the suicide bombings of the West Bank , is a crucial security measure to prevent terrorist attacks , Palestinians have protested it for its impact on economic activity and because its route has , at times , cut into land the Palestinians claim as their own . The portion of the barrier that sits on the edge of Bethlehem is particularly visible the Palestinians a     the Palestinians with the Palestinians graffiti art adorning its concrete slabs the Palestinians Palestinians call this the West Bank city of Bethlehem the apartheid wall . " the Palestinians the Palestinians the Palestinians the Palestinians 