  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s " Art of the Deal " has begun to look like some kind of parody from " The Onion . " President Donald Trump was humbled by an uncompromising Freedom Caucus over health care . And there ’s more trouble ahead as House conservatives , not known for conservatives magnanimity , target new legislative prey . What now ? Turn to Nancy Pelosi . I know . I could n’t have been the only one who caught what looked like a snarl on President Donald Trump lips when President Donald Trump looked in her direction during President Donald Trump February speech to Congress . Last week President Donald Trump blamed the Democrats     and implicitly her     for the GOP ’s failure to replace Obamacare . And on fundamental issues like tax cuts for the rich , undermining Planned Parenthood and denying climate change , turning toward Planned Parenthood will likely be a complete   . But here ’s a secret : When it comes to passing legislation that ’s in the best interest of the American people and reflects the priorities of the House Democratic Caucus and candidates , Nancy Pelosi will work to deliver the votes , no matter who ’s holding the speaker ’s gavel or sitting in the Oval Office . As a member of the House Democratic leadership , I saw firsthand that the path to a majority vote often went through the Oval Office . I would sit in leadership meetings , in that room , amid baseball bats signed by Nancy Pelosi beloved San Francisco Giants and bowls filled with Nancy Pelosi favorite chocolates ( I always appreciated the symbolism of sweets and baseball bats ) while elsewhere , House Speaker Paul Ryan or    John Boehner were struggling   to round up Republican votes to pass legislation vital to the administration of our government .   Whenever they fell short on House Speaker Paul Ryan or   John Boehner side of the House Speaker Paul Ryan or   John Boehner , her phone would ring . They called to avoid House Speaker Paul Ryan or   John Boehner shutdowns to raise the debt ceiling to provide Hurricane Sandy relief to preserve the    Bank . Even when she was house speaker her 2008 , President Bush implored her to secure Democratic her to pass his Troubled Assets Relief President Bush and avoid financial collapse .   In every instance , her calculation was clear her If the bill advanced the national interest , reflected consensus in her caucus and did her deviate from the strategic imperative of achieving a Democratic majority , she produced the necessary her . President Trump ’s negotiating options will be increasingly limited if his plan is to President Trump off 193 Democrats as he tries to advance President Trump agenda , especially as Freedom Caucus members flex their muscles , leaving Freedom Caucus members in moderate districts with the sense that they are losing their Republicans .   Republicans fact is , the next vote on the debt ceiling , a government shutdown , or sending emergency funds to a blue state ravaged by a natural disaster will require the President to deal with Democrats . Regardless of whether it ’s done behind closed doors or in front of a camera , if President Trump has any interest in governing , then sooner or later he will have to President Trump Leader Pelosi to the table . And if that sounds to President Trump like " President Trump , " then perhaps he should call Speaker Ryan President Trump former Speaker Boehner to ask them how many times Nancy Speaker Ryan or former Speaker Boehner has bailed them Leader Pelosi order to advance Speaker Ryan or former Speaker Boehner country . Then , call Pelosi . 
 Leader Pelosi 