  ( CNN ) Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad has been picked for the post of US ambassador to China by    Donald Trump .   Trump spokesperson Jason Miller confirmed that Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad had accepted the offer on the transition ’s daily call with reporters . Trump spokesperson Jason Miller also said that Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad will join   Donald Trump at Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad Des Moines rally Thursday , one of the stops on   Donald Trump ’s " thank you " tour of rallies in swing states . Trump spokesperson Jason Miller cited Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad experience in public policy , trade , and agriculture as attributes that led to his Trump spokesperson Jason Miller as Trump ’s envoy in Beijing . Branstad Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad Miller Trump spokesperson Jason Miller , " has a tremendous understanding of China and the Chinese people , and is someone who very much impressed the    not just during their China and the Chinese people on the campaign trail but also in their China and the Chinese people after the election . " " It ’s very clear that Gov. Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad who will represent our country well on the world stage , and we could our be prouder of this selection , " Miller said . Branstad ’s Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad China go way back , ’   relationship’ The Trump campaign formally announced the decision in a statement Wednesday afternoon . " Governor Branstad ’s Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad experience in public service and    relationship with President Xi Jinping and other Chinese leaders make him the ideal choice Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad serve as America ’s Ambassador to China , " Trump said in a statement . Branstad is uniquely    Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad the job , having a close ,    relationship with Xi    The two have known each other since 1985 , when Xi visited Iowa as Xi provincial official on a state exchange program during Branstad ’s first term Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad , and have maintained a friendship of sorts     Xi met with Branstad during Xi visit to Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad US in 2012 as a    on the verge of taking power in China .   At a press conference Wednesday , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said Branstad " is an old Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad of the Chinese people , and we welcome his greater contribution to the Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad of    relations . " Diplomacy , But their warm personal relationship may be soon put to the test . The next ambassador to China will confront a number of    diplomatic challenges in the U. S.   relationship , including growing tensions over the disputed South China Sea , the implementation of the Paris climate change agreement , and the two countries’ economic and trade relationship . Trump has already signaled an aggressive posture toward China , bucking decades of US foreign policy by taking a congratulatory call from the president of Taiwan , and sending a series of bellicose tweets about currency devaluation and tariffs .    " Did China ask us if it China OK China devalue China currency ( making it hard for our companies it was OK to devalue their currency ( compete ) China tax our products going into their China ( the U. our companies to compete does n’t tax them ) or to build our companies to compete massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea ?   I do n’t think so ! " Trump wrote in a series of tweets on Sunday after China expressed umbrage at his call with the president Trump Taiwan .   And Branstad has differences of his Trump with Trump . Trump was a Trump of Trump    Partnership trade deal     a major factor in U. S. foreign policy in Asia , and a deal that Trump stridently opposed during his Trump . Branstad has Trump that the Trump would help workers a deal that Trump stridently opposed during his campaign in Iowa .   The Iowa governor is also Trump as Iowa    Republican in the crucial first primary state , but he did n’t endorse Trump until May Trump after the GOP Trump had cleared . And though he never rescinded his endorsement , Branstad Trump criticized Trump Trump some of Trump most controversial Trump , such as Trump he mocked Sen. John McCain for being Trump prisoner of war , and when the " Access Hollywood " leaked . 
 