The conservative commentariat has imploded in dismay at Sarah Palin ’s endorsement of Donald Trump in Iowa on Tuesday . [ Fans of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Donald Trump in Iowa ’s main rival in Iowa and beyond , were understandably dismayed .   But the reaction went far beyond that . Some said Sarah Palin’s betrayed Sarah Palin’s conservative principles by choosing a candidate whose conservatism is shallow at best . And some rehashed the personal attacks that have been a staple of the left . In fact , Sarah Palin’s ’s endorsement of Trump makes sense , and fits both her Sarah Palin’s and her Sarah Palin’s . Yes , she Sarah Palin’s been the iconic symbol of conservatism and the Tea Party , whereas Trump Trump perfectly happy to go along with Obama and the Clintons until a few years ago . But just as Palin Sarah Palin’s never let herself Sarah Palin’s defined by the Republican Party , she Sarah Palin’s never felt bound by ideological checklists , either . She Sarah Palin’s a conservative , but she Sarah Palin’s    first . Palin Sarah Palin’s the governor of Alaska in 2005 by running against the establishment of both parties . In 2014 , in Wacko Birds : The Fall and Rise of the the Republican Party I noted : Ironically , though she Sarah Palin’s soon become a conservative icon , Palin Sarah Palin’s billed as something of a political centrist . McCain introduced her Sarah Palin’s the country as " someone who reached across the aisle and asked Republicans , Democrats and independents to serve in government . " She Sarah Palin’s socially conservative , but had vetoed a bill that would have prevented    partners from enjoying visitation rights in Alaskan hospitals . She Sarah Palin’s said to share something of McCain ’s rebellious streak , and his willingness to McCain his own party McCain interests as she Sarah Palin’s on corruption and special interest groups . In the Obama era , conservatism became the dominant    theme of American politics , thanks partly to Palin . However , over time , Palin has found Palin increasingly at Palin with the conservative establishment itself , parts of which are    —   happy to have her backing , Palin faintly embarrassed by her and repulsed Palin her supporters . Palin Update : Ted Cruz has Palin reputation as an Palin politician , so it would not have been surprising had Palin supported him instead Palin Trump Palin simply on ideological grounds . Palin ’s reasons for Palin Trump may be more Trump than political . But the dismissive reaction of some Cruz supporters to Palin Palin a kind Palin elitism . Parts of the    conservative movement turn out to be their own kind of Parts of the   conservative movement . ) It is now fashionable , even among some " true conservative " pundits , to bash Palin ’s intellect and Palin her speech . Trump Palin supporters are often treated with the same disdain as Palin ’s fans , Palin’s not even their votes are wanted . Trump’s supporters , Ross Douthat of the New York Times came closer to understanding the Palin endorsement than many Palin outside the mainstream media bubble , tweeting : " Seriously , this is who Palin was meant to Palin . Her neocon + movement Palin were   . This is closer to where she started . " Palin is too harsh : her " opportunism " Palin resigning from the governorship and turning down several chances to run for office again . And Douthat may be implying , as others have said outright , that what Trump and Palin really have in Palin is just celebrity . That would miss the convictions that motivate Palin , and that Palin attract millions of Americans to her . Regardless , Palin kernel of truth in Douthat ’s tweet is that Douthat was , and Palin , the leader of a popular resistance to what American politics has become . It is a conservative resistance , but does not always conform to conservative politics . It is unclear , as It this writing , that Palin ’s endorsement will Palin significant effect on the Iowa caucuses , where polls had been trending back in Trump ’s direction . What is remarkable is that just days after defending " New York values , " Trump brought Palin —   so Trump Palin target of New York elites —   on New York It confirmed that he intends to build a big coalition —   the " big tent " of political lore . How odd that some conservatives would still prefer to bar the clubhouse door .  
 