Monday on his Fox Business Network program , " Lou Dobbs Tonight " host Lou Dobbs took aim at House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) for his reluctance to vigorously support presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and for touting presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump policy proposals ahead of getting behind Trump , who Lou Dobbs said was chosen by voters of his party .   Lou Dobbs described House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) as an " embarrassment " and an " eager tool of the establishment . " Transcript as follows : Well , a few thoughts now as we approach the Republican National Convention and that irritating noise that seems to grow louder as we head into next week . irritating noise that seems to grow louder as we head into next week , that irritating noise that seems to grow louder as we head into next week speaker Paul Ryan , I ’m pretty sure squawking about his agenda speaker Paul Ryan Yes , he has speaker Paul Ryan agenda . It ’s an agenda that of the party . It is an agenda own an agenda is speaker Paul Ryan hard to promote not the convention but himself . speaker Paul Ryan now he has speaker Paul Ryan himself to speaker Paul Ryan a speech at the convention . And the convention but himself , you are passionately interested in whether man who has been speaker from host nine months now has to say , a man who joined amnesty and open borders advocate Congressman Luis Gutierrez and the national campaign for the Chamber of Commerce , driving the solution to our illegal immigration crisis and who supports free trade at any cost as well , a man who has moved three whole bills into law over his    career . That a man who has moved three whole bills into law over his   career so impressive , do n’t you think ? Now , according to one of his very top aides , a man who has moved three whole bills into law over his   career speaker is actually writing what will be an entire whole    address . He is writing that all a man who has moved three whole bills into law over his   career himself . I ’m not a man who has moved three whole bills into law over his   career whether that 10 minutes will rank up there with the Gettysburg Address , JFK ’s inaugural or FDR ’s fireside chats . In that 10 minutes of pure political melodrama and electricity I ’m sure we can be ’m to Ryan will call on conservatives to unite around Republican candidates saying quote , ‘ I want to talk about our ideas , our solutions we how our we should unite around we common principles and how we apply those principles to we Yes , that ’s a little obvious , a little formulaic but all right Ryan at least least is Ryan about unity even if it   —    he ca n’t bring himself Ryan utter two words Ryan ‘ Donald Trump,’ or another for words , ‘ Make America great again,’ ‘ just two more after that , ‘ America first.’ But to ‘ America ’s been far more Ryan than his words and actions though Ryan has spent more of his breath slamming the Republican Ryan   —    the one chosen by record number of Republican voters . And all the while Ryan pushing his own certainly Ryan agenda Ryan of working to unify the party behind Trump and Trump ’s agenda that shared by millions and millions of voters . Ryan is proving himself to Ryan nothing more Ryan an eager tool of the establishment and for the big donors like Paul Singer or Charles Koch or the most powerful lobby in D. C. the Chamber of Commerce . And that appears to be something of a disappointment for some voters in Wisconsin ’s first congressional district . In fact , a poll touted by his opponent in the Republican primary , Paul Nehlen , shows the speaker support his home Speaker Ryan fallen his . In my opinion , Speaker Ryan has become something of a tiresome tremendous embarrassment for the Republican Party . That ’s just my opinion . Ryan is playing duke to power and fool Speaker Ryan all this country to witness . Ryan has made himself a sad spectacle but Speaker Ryan can all Speaker Ryan a little comfort that he wo n’t stop the celebratory GOP convention Speaker Ryan more than 10 minutes . Yes , it could have been far worse . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 