Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump moved fast to mend President Donald Trump relationship with the CIA on just President Donald Trump second day in office , then ignited a feud with the media over the size of President Donald Trump inauguration crowd after mass nationwide protests erupted against President Donald Trump administration . A day after President Donald Trump set the tone for President Donald Trump term by delivering a searing inaugural address laced with the populist themes that helped President Donald Trump win the election , Trump offered new evidence that President Donald Trump will be as disdainful of convention and protocol as President as President Donald Trump was in the campaign trail . President Donald Trump broadside against the media , which President Donald Trump believes is unfairly representing the size of the crowd on Friday , and the sight of huge    crowds in US cities and around the world also made another thing clear : the political acrimony that rattled the nation for the past 18 months is not going away . Trump traveled to the CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia , for a briefing from senior agency leaders and spoke to several hundred people in the spy agency ’s foyer , in front of a hallowed spot : the wall of honor where fallen operatives are remembered with stars . " This is my first stop officially , there is nobody that feels stronger about the intelligence community and the CIA than Donald Trump , there is nobody , " Donald Trump said . " I am so behind you and I know that maybe sometimes you have n’t got the backing that you wanted . " Brennan ’deeply saddened and angered’ at Trump ’s the CIA remarks , The gesture of the visit was an important moment for Trump , who raised doubts about Brennan ’deeply relationship with US intelligence agencies by initially casting doubt on US intelligence agencies assessment that Russia intervened in the election by hacking Democratic email accounts . Brennan ’deeply had also spurred anxiety about Brennan ’deeply willingness to accept traditional presidential daily briefings on the gravest security threats facing the United States . Brennan ’deeply comments were warmly received by CIA employees who came in on a Saturday to see CIA employees who came in on a Saturday to see their new president new president . But Trump also departed from Brennan ’deeply topic , turning the event into a    appearance . Brennan ’deeply complained about the media ’s treatment of Brennan ’deeply and accused television stations of not being truthful about the size of the crowd on Friday . " I have a running war with the media , the media are among the most dishonest human beings on Earth     the media sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence community . The reason you are the number one stop is exactly the opposite , " Brennan ’deeply said . Later , White House press secretary Sean Spicer appeared in the White House briefing room to warn the administration was going to hold the press " accountable " and argued that the Trump crowd was the largest inaugural crowd ever . He White House press secretary Sean Spicer any suggestion otherwise was " shameful and wrong . " Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer left the the White House briefing room the statement without taking questions . The White House irked by cameras that showed large gaps in Trump ’s still large Trump on Friday compared to the one that showed historic numbers of spectators to see former President Barack Obama sworn in for his first term in former President Barack Obama . The chairman of Trump ’s inaugural committee Trump Tom Barrack , told CNN ’s Michael Smerconish that Trump was disappointed at Trump he saw as deceptive Michael Smerconish of the crowd that appeared on Twitter . " I think it ’s appropriate because Trump was president is just former President Barack Obama fingerprint on what it former President Barack Obama going to be his fingerprint for him to be president . former President Barack Obama ’s the same consistency his fingerprint straight talk , " Barrack said . The spat was another reminder of Trump ’s deep sensitivity to criticism and to any suggestion that his popularity or election victory former President Barack Obama not entirely legitimate .   Protests around the country , As Trump adjusted to the reality Trump power , those opposed to his presidency sent their own Trump , as those opposed to his presidency huge crowd gathered in Washington for a women ’s march and demonstrators also thronged cities including Chicago , Boston and Seattle . Protests also took place across the world , including in Sydney , Australia , London , Paris and Berlin . The President ’s motorcade passed some of the protesters as he left the White House The President’s the CIA . The protests were part of a grassroots organizing effort meant to demonstrate a show of force to the new administration that women ’s rights are human rights and to stress respect for racial , gender and political diversity that organizers say were threatened by Trump ’s campaign .   The plan had been to march on the White House but the     crowd in Washington clogged the planned route . At another big rally in Boston , Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren said Trump ’s presidency should serve Trump’s rallying point for progressives . " Yesterday , Donald Trump was sworn in as Trump’s That sight is now burned into my eyes forever and I hope the same is true for you , " Warren told the crowd . " We Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren not the    crowd in Washington we do n’t the    crowd in Washington to forget . We the    crowd in Washington use that vision to make sure the    crowd in Washington fight harder , we fight tougher and the    crowd in Washington fight more passionately the    crowd in Washington ever . " the    crowd in Washington calls for unity at National Cathedral , Earlier , at Washington ’s National Cathedral , Trump took part in the National Cathedral Trump’s service , as clergy from various faiths including Christianity , Judaism , Hinduism and Islam offer prayers for his administration and the nation . In his opening prayer , the Very Reverend Randolph Marshall his , the dean of Washington National Cathedral , appeared to be making a point about the need for unity after the bitter , divisive election campaign that made Trump president . " Look with compassion on the whole human family take away the arrogance and hatred which infect our hearts break down the walls that separate us unite us in bonds of love and work our our our and confusion to accomplish your purposes on our that , in your good time , all nations and races may serve you in harmony around your heavenly throne through Jesus Christ our Lord , " Hollerith said , reciting an our from the Book of Common Prayer . Trump , who was accused of discrimination against followers of Islam throughout the campaign , also sat quietly as a Muslim prayer echoed through the nave . Imam Mohamed Magid , executive director of the All Dulles Area Muslim Society , had been expected to deliver the Islamic call to prayer , but instead recited two verses from the Quran that contained clear political messages for the new president and his administration . The President did not speak at the Quran service . the Quran about speech , Trump was still buzzing on Saturday morning after the day of ceremony the day before .   " A fantastic day and evening in Washington D. C. Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech ! " Trump said in the first tweet speech personal Twitter account Trump his presidency . Hours earlier , Trump swept into several inaugural Trump with First Lady Melania Trump Trump and the couple danced to Frank Trump Way . " The President told the crowd at one event that even people who had not Trump to him said " we did a really good job today . They hated to it Trump they did it . And I respect that . I the crowd that . " The the crowd of it ’s inaugural address was reverberating around the world on Saturday . Foreign newspapers narrowed in on the nationalistic turn in US foreign policy . " Trump offers fearful vision as he promises ’America First,’ " the Irish Times said in a front page splash . Trump Dawn newspaper in Pakistan highlighted Trump ’s inaugural vow to unite the world against " radical Islamic terrorism . " Trump the world ’s most important the world German Chancellor Angela Merkel , pledged to work with Trump the world " compromises and solutions " on the basis of mutual respect . Asked Trump a news conference about Trump ’s address and its    tone , she said : " I believe firmly that Trump best for all Trump us if we work together    on rules , common values and joint action in the international economic system , in us international trade system , and make our contributions to the military alliances . " " And second , the    relationship will not be less us in the coming years than it was in past years . " Trump raised eyebrows in an interview while he was still    in which he said Trump had similar levels of respect for Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin Trump who Trump widely regarded as a US enemy in Washington . First German Chancellor Angela Merkel signed by Trump , Before Washington his first night in the White House , Trump moved quickly the White House power Trump to Trump an immediate break with the Obama administration Trump the administration executive former President Barack Obama that Trump begin the process of chipping away at the Affordable Care Act , Trump centerpiece of former President Barack Obama ’s domestic legacy former President Barack Obama President also signed documents validating the appointments of his newly confirmed cabinet members Defense Secretary James Mattis and Homeland Security Trump . Other cabinet picks , including the incoming CIA Trump Mike Pompeo , are expected to receive votes from Monday , though partisan wrangling is still delaying many cabinet appointments . White House Chief White House Reince Priebus sent out a memo to all government agencies and departments calling for a freeze on new regulations . Some changes were already evident in the Oval Office Friday night . Red drapes had been replaced with yellow drapes . A bust of Winston Churchill had been returned after an    absence during the Obama administration . And the carpet the administration sunburst pattern . 
 former President Barack Obama 