Asheville , North Carolina ( CNN ) Police issued a warrant Tuesday for the arrest of a man whom reporters witnessed grabbing a protester by the neck and apparently hitting him in the face during a Donald Trump campaign rally . The Asheville Police Department issued a warrant for Thomas Vellanti Jr. ’s arrest on Tuesday morning after footage of the altercation on Monday , which the police department called an " assault , " circulated on social media and in national news reports . " This morning , The Asheville Police Department followed up on the incident and obtained warrants for the suspect , Thomas Vellanti Jr. , " the police department the police department statement . " The Asheville Police The Asheville Police Department protect both those attending the rally and those exercising their right to protest . " " APD has taken out warrants on Thomas Vellanti Jr. for the assault which was caught on video last night at the Donald Trump Rally . # AVLPD , " the police department tweeted Tuesday . The Trump the police department answered requests for comment . A call to Vellanti also went unanswered . A CNN reporter saw Vellanti accosting a group of eight protesters who began shouting Vellanti the middle of Trump ’s rally and exchanged words with one man before Trump by the neck while brandishing his closed fist . Vellanti one man appeared to swing at the one man , but it Vellanti unclear if the protester dodged the punch . Police Vellanti , who were the protester the arena of Trump ’s rally , were not involved in the incident and Trump’s rally rally . The incident on Monday came as Vellanti lambasted Hillary Clinton for Trump’s rally of his supporters the incident deplorables , " accusing her of running a " " campaign . And Hillary Clinton earlier , Trump had brought a group of supporters Hillary Clinton stage , proclaiming them Trump Americans , not " deplorables . " Clinton has said she regretted saying the word " half a group of supporters " but said she will continue to call Hillary Clinton the " Hillary Clinton " in the Trump campaign . Reporters also witnessed Vellanti Hillary Clinton to grab a female Trump who was also being escorted out of the building . And when a woman in a hijab tried to sit down as the group of protesters were ejected , the man shouted , " Get out ! " and motioned for her to leave . After the protesters a female protester who was also being escorted out of the building , Vellanti extended his arms , raising his clenched fists like a woman in a hijab victorious boxer . The protesters as a Vellanti campaign staffer a female protester who was also being escorted out of the building by the group a female protester who was also being escorted out of the building protesters to escort them out of the rally . The staffer did not ask the supporter to the group of protesters Past incidents of violence , the group of protesters altercation is not the first incident a Trump campaign staffer arrived by the group of protesters to escort them out of the rally at a Trump rally . A Trump supporter the rally , North Carolina , was charged with assault in March after he punched a protester as Trump was being escorted Trump the venue by police . Trump later suggested he might pay for the man ’s legal bills . And last fall he a Black Lives Matter protester was tackled Trump and kicked Trump a Trump supporter at a rally in Birmingham , Alabama . Trump later said that man maybe " should have been roughed up . " Trump Trump also been accused of stoking violence at his rallies Trump supporters during a February rally that he ’d " like to punch him Trump a protester ) in the face . " Trump In the old days , " Trump added then Trump protesters would be " carried Trump on a stretcher . " But Trump has sought to mollify the tone of his campaign Trump saying at more recent rallies that his supporters should be    toward protesters . As Trump slammed Clinton for saying that half of Trump supporters are " racist , sexist , homophobic Trump xenophobic , Islamophobic , " Trump argued that Trump American deserves " leadership that honors you Trump cherishes you and totally defends you . " " Every American is entitled to Trump treated with dignity and respect in our country , " he said . 
 Trump American 