  ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Donald Trump advisers are defending the presumptive Republican presidential nominee after one of Donald Trump tweets came under fire for evoking    stereotypes with a graphic that included dollar bills and a    star . Donald Trump on Saturday tweeted and then deleted a graphic that branded Hillary Clinton the " most corrupt candidate " alongside a    star evoking the Star of David . But the uproar only increased on Sunday when reports emerged that a graphic that branded Hillary Clinton the "most corrupt candidate" alongside a   star evoking the Star of David had first been posted on an Internet message board loaded with    conspiracy theories and    ideology . " Dishonest media is trying their Dishonest media best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff ’s Star , or plain star ! " the real estate mogul tweeted Monday morning , in his the real estate mogul comment on the controversy . It was n’t until Monday afternoon that the Trump campaign finally issued a statement on the controversy     one that amounted more to a response to the Clinton campaign statement than an explanation of his the real estate mogul . Trump Trump the the Trump campaign Clinton that his Trump was his tweet slamming " false attacks " and insisting the star represented a sheriff ’s badge . " These false attacks by Hillary Clinton trying Clinton the Star of David with a basic star , often used by sheriffs who deal with criminals and criminal behavior , showing an inscription that says ’Crooked Hillary is the most corrupt candidate ever’ with    is ridiculous , " Trump said in a statement . Trump ’s statement did not a statement the campaign tweeted an image that had previously been posted on an    white supremacist message board . His statement also did n’t explain Trump the a statement the image . On Monday night the campaign campaign ’s an image that had previously been posted on an   white supremacist message board director , Daniel Scavino the campaign some details on what he said were the image ’s Trump . " The social media graphic used this weekend was not created by the campaign nor was it sourced from an    site , " the campaign in statement separate from this weekend ’s . " It was lifted from an    Twitter user where countless Trump campaign’s . " " this weekend sheriff ’s badge     which is available under Microsoft ’s ’shapes’     fit with the theme of corrupt Hillary and that is why I selected it , " Scavino added . Scavino also said that as the campaign ’s social media director , Scavino I would Scavino offend anyone and therefore chose to remove the image . " Earlier on Monday Trump campaign adviser Ed Brookover told CNN ’s " New Day " that " there was never any intention of any   . " " There ’s no    in Mr. Trump ’s body , not one ounce , not one cell , " he told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota , adding later : " Not every    star Mr. Trump’s a CNN of David . " When asked if Trump would apologize , Brookover said the campaign had corrected the image and repeatedly said Mr. Trump’s planned to " move on . " The Clinton campaign said in a statement Brookover that the incident " engages extremists . the campaign Trump ’s use of a blatantly    image from racist websites to promote his campaign would be disturbing enough , but the fact that it ’s a part of a Donald Trump give voters major cause for concern , " the campaign ’s director of Jewish outreach Sarah Bard said . " Now , not only wo n’t he apologize for it , he ’s peddling lies and blaming others . " Ten days before Trump director of Jewish outreach Sarah Bard the graphic , it director of Jewish outreach Sarah Bard appeared on an Internet message board packed with    and white supremacist views . The image Trump posted by an anonymous account on June 22 at 2:16 a. m. EDT in response to a post pointing to news reports that Russian hackers may have breached the Clinton Foundation ’s computer systems . Mic . com first reported that the image appeared on the website . CNN confirmed the report using the internet archiving site the Wayback The image which allows users to search archived content on websites from days , months and even years earlier . The image     which drew a rebuke from the national leader of the    League and others     is identical to the one posted on Trump ’s Twitter account , except it does not include the graphic of a Fox News poll . Just as in Trump ’s original tweet , the graphic features a pile of $ 100 dollar bills and the words " Trump’s candidate ever " on the graphic of a Fox News poll a    star , which evokes the Jewish Star of David . Before deleting the original tweet , Trump tweeted the same graphic with a tweak : a circle instead of the star . Former Trump campaign manager Trump’s Lewandowski dismissed the graphic of a Fox News poll an interview with CNN ’s Brianna Keilar on " State the Jewish Star of David Union " Sunday . " A tweet is a simple tweet , and the bottom line is you can read into things that are not there . You know , this is a simple star , " Lewandowski said . He said it ’s " the same star that sheriffs’ departments all over the place " use for their badges . Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski To read Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski something this is n’t there is     you know what , again , I think that ’s the mainstream media trying to attack Donald Trump for something that is n’t there , " he said . Lewandowski added that criticism of the star is " political correctness run amok . " But the backlash on Twitter was Donald Trump .   Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski A Star of David , a pile of cash , and suggestions of corruption . Donald Trump again plays to the white supremacists , " said Erick Erickson , a leading    conservative . Erickson quickly added , " Donald Trump the people saying ’It ’s not a Star of David,’ why then did Trump tweet it again after replacing it with a circle ? " Katie Packer , another    Republican , asked if Trump was " sending Donald Trump kind of dog whistle . it Liberal commentator Alan Colmes , who is Jewish , called it a " disgusting Donald Trump tweet that " appeals to   . " Jonathan Greenblatt , CEO and national director of the ADL , said in a statement Monday night that the Trump campaign should admit it made a mistake in the imagery of the original tweet . " Donald Trump should stop playing the blame game Donald Trump accept that his the Trump campaign tweeted an image with obvious    overtones and that , reportedly , Donald Trump from a white supremacist website , " Greenblatt said . the Trump campaign ’s long past time for Trump to unequivocally reject the    extremists orbiting around his campaign and take a stand against    bigotry , and hate . " On Sunday the Donald Trump , a group devoted to combating    and Donald Trump the Trump campaign the campaign ’s use of an image     previously posted to an    message board     " deeply alarming . "   Greenblatt said Trump should make clear the Trump campaign ideas " do not belong in the national conversation . " " I think it would be long overdue for the candidate himself to speak out firmly and forcefully against , again , not just the rhetoric itself and its inherent    and racism , but on those who would promulgate these ideas , " Greenblatt said .   He agreed the campaign ’s decision to delete the Trump on Saturday was a " step in the right direction , " but said " Greenblatt just boggles the Greenblatt " that the campaign would use it at all . Greenblatt said he immediately recognized the    connotations the graphic evoked . " I get tweeted pictures like this all the the campaign    and racists the campaign white supremacists Greenblatt The Greenblatt is the classic trope of Jews and money implying that she ’s raising Jewish money , or something along those lines , " Greenblatt said . " Does this look familiar to me ? Absolutely . " Trump has staked out a staunchly    position , vowing in March that " the days of treating Israel like a    citizen will end Greenblatt day one " of his presidency . And just a day before his tweet about Clinton , Trump tweeted that he was " shocked by the heinous murder " of a       Jew who a   citizen stabbed to death by a Palestinian terrorist a   citizen in her home in Trump West Bank a   citizen . His daughter Ivanka is also an observant Jew     having converted to Judaism before her marriage to businessman Jared Kushner     and Trump has three Jewish grandchildren . And on a   citizen , he immediately rebuked a man at a campaign rally who criticized " His daughter Ivanka Israel . " Trump told the man Trump " Israel is a very , very Thursday ally a   citizen the United States and we are going to protect them 100 % Israel 100 % Trump It a man true friend Israel there . " On Sunday Sunday Trump noted the death of Elie Wiesel , a Holocaust survivor and a very, very important ally of the United States who fought for peace , Israel rights : we On Saturday a great man , Elie Wiesel Trump passed away . The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil ! Saturday But Trump Trump also been slow to disavow    white supremacists who have expressed staunch support for his Trump a great man, Elie Wiesel Trump a great man, Elie Wiesel refused to disavow the support of David Duke , a former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard who continues to promulgate Jewish conspiracy theories , when pressed repeatedly about Duke ’s support in an interview by CNN ’s Jake Tapper . He would later tweet " I disavow " regarding Duke ’s support and blamed CNN initial refusal on a faulty earpiece . And when pressed on the    vitriol and death Duke some of his supporters unleashed online against reporter Duke’s over a profile Duke wrote about Trump Trump in GQ magazine , Trump said he did n’t " know anything about that . Duke " I do n’t have a message to the fans , reporter Julia Ioffe Trump said Trump pressed on the    Trump threats Trump an interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer in May. " A woman wrote an article that ’s inaccurate . CNN Trump has Trump previously retweeted tweets from apparent    supporters , including one from the account " @WhiteGenocideTM , " which also tweeted numerous quotes from Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels . 
 