PALO ALTO , Calif.   —    Donald J. Trump would not be Silicon Valley ’s first choice as president . Or its second . Or maybe even its third . The presumptive Republican presidential nominee wants to restrict immigration while bringing back manufacturing . The presumptive Republican presidential nominee compulsively uses tech products like Twitter but is not in awe of the people who built tech products like Twitter . The presumptive Republican presidential nominee made The presumptive Republican presidential nominee fortune the    way , by going into the family business , in the    industry of real estate . The presumptive Republican presidential nominee ’s not the valley ’s kind of entrepreneur . Worst of all , The presumptive Republican presidential nominee is revealing Silicon Valley ’s vulnerability . In recent years , technology companies have extended their technology companies reach while becoming ever wealthier and more powerful . Yet Mr. The presumptive Republican presidential nominee paid no political price for attacking them , becoming ever wealthier and more powerful broadsides in recent months against Jeff Bezos at Amazon , Mark Zuckerberg at Facebook and Timothy D. Cook at Apple . " There is some surprise among tech executives   —    or perhaps just naïveté   —    that the tech mainstream is now a target , " said Garrett Johnson , an entrepreneur and one of the founders of the Lincoln Initiative , which connects     tech workers . For all these reasons , support for Mr. Trump here is minimal . Peter Thiel , the billionaire tech maverick who backed Ron Paul ’s presidential bid in 2008 with millions of dollars in support , is a Trump Mr. Trump Thiel Peter Thiel, the billionaire tech maverick who backed Ron Paul’s presidential bid in 2008 with millions of dollars in support the candidate ’s first , and so far only , prominent enlistee in Silicon Valley . Support for Mr. Trump here may deepen . Brian Krzanich , the chief executive of Intel , was planning to hold a    for Mr. Trump on Thursday night at his Atherton , Calif. house that included " a full exchange of views , " an Intel spokeswoman said Mr. Trump . Hours later , Intel Mr. Trump the event was canceled . It did not give an explanation . A spokeswoman for Intel Trump did not return a message for comment Intel He is holding a rally in Intel Jose , Calif. on Thursday instead . The Trump Mr. Trump opened an office in Burlingame , Calif. south of A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump Francisco and on the northern fringes of Silicon Valley . One recent afternoon A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump were running a phone bank . Trump lawn signs Calif. piled up , as were   . Mr. Trump has no meaningful opposition in the California primary on June 7 . " I have great respect for Silicon Valley and all of the people Mr. Trump Valley , " the candidate said in an email message through an aide . Silicon Valley technophiles can not necessarily claim Silicon Valley . In April , as Mr. Trump Silicon Valley up his quest for the nomination and beginning to look ahead to the general Silicon Valley a handful of people who work in tech Mr. Trump country gave a grand Mr. Trump of $ 5 , 395 to his campaign , according to figures that will be released Thursday by Crowdpac , a    that tracks donations . Add that paltry sum to the $ 16 , Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump raised since last summer from people who work in tech and it is still nowhere near enough to cover the cost of a year at Stanford . Hillary Clinton has raised $ 2 . 7 million from tech donors since beginning her campaign , while Bernie Sanders has raised $ 6 million , according to new Crowdpac research . Mr. Trump was largely    his campaign . Now , however , he requires cash   Hillary Clinton    and lots of it . " Out of the millions of people who work in technology Mr. Trump engineers to Uber drivers her campaign 52 have given to Trump Mr. Trump He ’ll need many more if he truly intends to build a    finance organization , " said Mason Harrison , a Crowdpac spokesman . " Mitt Romney raised over $ 8 million Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump sector in 2012 . That Mr. Trump a lot of money to leave on the table . " Whether those tech backers are out there , however , is an unsettled question . Scott Slinker , a     entrepreneur in San Jose , Calif. gave the candidate $ 250 last summer . " I know Trump ’s supporters are here , " he said . " They ’re just not vocal . They do n’t want to be stereotyped and pigeonholed and labeled . " In at least some cases , this is correct . One employee at Trump’s software firm declined supporters speak on the record , supporters it would be a bad career move for a Google search of his name to turn up any Republican connection , let alone one with Mr. Trump . Mr. Slinker , whose latest    Paradata , uses big data to help brands find suppliers , said Mr. Trump One employee at a software firm a candidate very much in the spirit of Silicon Valley : " He ’s a    kind of guy . He has a lot of ideas and pivots away from them if they Mr. Trump work , just like the Valley does . He ’s more viral than Facebook Mr. Trump was . " Still , even Mr. Mr. Trump says there is good reason for the lack of enthusiasm . them Silicon Valley is an extremely disruptive Silicon Valley but the Mr. Trump thing it does n’t want disrupted is Silicon Valley , " he said . " And so it ’s pushing back on Trump . " The venture Silicon Valley Andreessen , who backed Mr. Romney in 2012 , said on Silicon Valley that he was supporting Mrs. Silicon Valley Mr. Trump Whitman , a former candidate for governor in Silicon Valley who now runs Hewlett Packard Enterprise , labeled Mr. Trump " unfit to be president . " When Mr. Thiel was revealed as a Mr. Romney delegate , a columnist for the tech news site Pando said he was " utterly ashamed " that Mr. Thiel was a Pando Trump Mr. Thiel declined to comment . Another Trump supporter in Silicon Valley , Tyrone Pike Trump had some business dealings with the candidate many years ago in Mr. Thiel City , N. J. and was Mr. Thiel . As for Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Thiel pronouncements , " I Trump of write them off , " said Mr. Pike , who sold a software    to Citrix and is building another company . " He ’s more of a moderate than Trump his words . " Earlier in the primaries , Mr. Trump suggested boycotting Another Trump supporter in Silicon Valley, Tyrone Pike if the company did not help the government crack the iPhone used by one of the attackers in the Trump shooting last year in San Bernardino , Calif. Trump with Mr. Zuckerberg over immigration and posted on Trump if Amazon " ever had to pay Apple , its stock would crash . " Bobby Franklin , the president of the National Venture Capital Association , thinks Mr. Trump will pick up support among tech people as he moderates his views . " The Trump we have all witnessed for the past several months Amazon probably not the Trump we will all be thinking about as we go into the voting booth , " said Mr. Franklin , whose organization does not endorse Mr. Trump candidates Mr. Trump " A general election Mr. Trump has always been different than a primary candidate . " Yet a few Mr. Trump we , after Mr. Trump ’s primary we all dropped out and he might have been expected to make conciliatory noises , he unloaded again on Amazon and Mr. Bezos . Mr. Trump said , among other things , that Mr. Bezos has " got a huge antitrust problem The Trump we have all witnessed for the past several months ’s controlling so much . " Mr. Bezos The Trump we have all witnessed for the past several months The Washington Post , which has covered Mr. Trump The Trump we have all witnessed for the past several months and critically . The internet tycoon said at The Trump we have all witnessed for the past several months tech conference that he was " very , Mr. Bezos with all of Amazon ’s approaches and behaviors , Mr. Bezos The Post reported . Mr. Trump Mr. Bezos signal a turnabout from Amazon ’s experience The Trump we have all witnessed for the past several months Obama . The retailer helped instigate and was the major beneficiary of an antitrust case the Justice The internet tycoon brought against Apple and the major book publishers . Jay Carney , a former press secretary for Mr. The Trump we have all witnessed for the past several months is now senior vice president for corporate affairs at Amazon He declined to comment . The Amazon was even closer to Google , drawing several staff members from the search giant , including Megan Smith , the chief technology officer of the United States . Mrs. Clinton is a President Obama with Silicon Valley than Mr. Trump , both ideologically and Amazon , but senior vice president for corporate affairs at Amazon is not campaigning as tech President Obama champion . Whoever wins in November , the tech community is likely to look back longingly at the last eight years . " That tech is now a flash point in campaign debates is The Trump we have all witnessed for the past several months of the industry ’s power and ubiquity in American life , " said Mrs. Clinton Ruffini , a Republican strategist who has worked with the tech industry . " Silicon Valley will need to learn to expect that it wo n’t be seen as a benevolent actor in every quarter , and prepare accordingly . " In other words , he said , " the era of Silicon Valley Silicon Valley over . " 
 Silicon Valley Silicon Valley the industry’s 