  ( CNN ) Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel met with Donald Trump in New York on Wednesday , urging the    to continue the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program until a modernized immigration system can be decided by Congress . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel delivered a letter    by 14 other mayors , including New York ’s Bill de Blasio , and two other local government officials on the issue . " Ensuring DREAMers can continue to live and work in DREAMers communities without fear of deportation is the foundation of sound , responsible immigration policy , " Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel wrote .   Trump has said Trump will terminate Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , an executive action signed into law by President Barack Obama in 2012 that gives some undocumented immigrants an exemption from deportation and a renewable    work permit . More than 740 , 000 people have been approved to receive DACA status , according to Department of Homeland Security statistics . Among the guidelines , the policy states applicants must have come to the United States before the policy states applicants turned 16 years old , must have been in the United States since June 15 , 2007 , and can not have been convicted of certain crimes . " Those are students , those Those also people who want to join the armed forces , they Those their Those , their Those , their Those number , where they Those . . .. They Those something we should hold up and embrace , " Emanuel said after meeting with Trump his Emanuel of staff , Reince Priebus and his Emanuel adviser , Steve Bannon .   Trump Trump not yet commented on the meeting . On his Trump he Trump Obama ’s DACA executive action " illegal and unconstitutional . " But in an interview with Time magazine , which named Trump person of the year , he Trump his Trump . " We ’re going to work something out that ’s going to make people happy and proud , " he Trump . " They people brought here at a very young age , they people worked here , they people gone to school here . Some were good students . Some have wonderful jobs . And they Some in    land because they Some n’t know what ’s going to happen . " Emanuel , who was Obama ’s chief of staff from January 2009 to October 2010 , said they Emanuel, who was Obama’s chief of staff from January 2009 to October 2010 discussed how White House operations might run . They Emanuel, who was Obama’s chief of staff from January 2009 to October 2010 had discussions on infrastructure investments , education programs and Chicago as a sanctuary city , the mayor said .   Immigration attorneys’ fears grow over uncertain DACA future 
 