Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump seemed frustrated going into Wednesday ’s meeting with GOP lawmakers to discuss the new health care bill ,   Rep. Michael Burgess said .   " I will be honest with you , President Donald Trump said we ’m through adding amendments , I ’m sure he President Donald Trump as frustrated as many of us ’m , " the Texas Republican     who met with Trump alongside Reps . Greg Walden , Fred Upton and Billy Long     said on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront . "   Burgess suggested Trump Trump stemmed from the Republican Party ’s previous failed attempt at repealing and replacing Obamacare . Now , conservatives are struggling to get many party members on board for the new GOP health care bill , which would eliminate Obamacare taxes on the wealthy , insurers and others , and get rid of the individual mandate imposed by Obamacare . Obamacare     including Vice President Mike Pence     have spent several days attempting to secure the votes they need Republicans    including Vice President Mike Pence     pass the bill . Upton and Long flipped their votes Upton and Long " no " to " yes " after meeting with Trump , moving the GOP closer to achieving its goal the GOP " ( Trump ) Trump what the members brought to him , " Trump said . The meeting at the Oval Office lasted a " long time , " Burgess said , Burgess it was " about an hour ’s visit . " The change of heart from the lawmakers came after Trump committed to Trump an amendment , which would pledge $ 8 billion over five years to fund    pools and go toward patients with    conditions .    He agreed with them ( Upton Trump committed to backing an amendment, which would pledge $8 billion over five years to fund   pools and go toward patients with   conditions Long ) that protection was good philosophical approach , " Burgess said . " Eight billion over the next five years . .. this is felt to be adequate protection . " The House plans to vote Thursday on the GOP bill to repeal and replace Obamacare . 
 