In an article entitled " How Breitbart Unleashes Hate Mobs To Threaten , Dox , And Troll Trump Critics , " The Daily Beast accused Breitbart News of encouraging an    range of Twittercrimes , ranging from    abuse to death threats , against members of the conservative establishment . [ The article is classic     and bears a close resemblance to how supporters of GamerGate   —    another movement that took on media elites   —    were collectively smeared for the worst behaviours of social media miscreants .   Like the feminist critics of GamerGate , it seems that opponents of Breitbart and Donald Trump intend to use the inherent nastiness of social media as a political talking point . The article features a number of Donald Trump critics complaining about the abuse Trump critics ’ve received on social media . Bethany Mandel , a contributor for The Federalist , has received some particularly nasty    from Donald Trump supporters on social media . There is no evidence that these accounts are connected to Breitbart ’s reporting in any way . Yet The Daily Beast is quick to draw a link , claiming , " It The Daily Beast entirely predicable , that , among other outlets   —    including The Drudge Report , The New York Times , and The Washington Post   —    the Twitter feeds of Mandel ’s    assailants often include links to stories on Breitbart News . " So , it seems    read the Breitbart News What a revelation ! Another Trump critic , Commentary magazine editor John Podhoretz , who once accused Breitbart readers and Trump supporters Trump supporting " rape " ( yes , really ) complains that he , Another Trump critic, Commentary magazine editor John Podhoretz, who once accused Breitbart readers and Trump supporters of supporting "rape" (yes, really) has been the victim of uncouthness on the internet following Breitbart ’s Breitbart of his comments Breitbart Podhoretz told The Daily Beast that after his statements Podhoretz covered by Breitbart , Breitbart’s received Podhoretz barrage of tweets from " literally    White supremacists , all anonymous   …      and there is some overlap here . " Once again , it seems    read the news . If Podhoretz ’s Podhoretz were covered in CNN , would the network also receive accusations of having " some overlap " with   ? Continuing the theme of aggrieved Trump critics , The Daily Beast also features accusations from RedState editor Erick Erickson , who said he was " victimized by a torrent of abuse from anonymous strangers " following " Breitbart News stories concerning his    he . " According to Erickson , these include anonymous letters with " vulgarities " on the envelopes , including " f * * * you " and " go to hell . " Last but not least , the article features Rick Wilson , the GOP consultant who said Trump supporters " masturbate to anime " on national television . Wilson , who also called Ann Coulter a prostitute , complains that Breitbart decided to " weaponize " and " go after him . Breitbart But all Breitbart did Breitbart cover Wilson ’s Rick Wilson words . If that constitutes " going after " someone , then the words in question probably are n’t very good ones . As if by magic , The Daily Beast turns from Breitbart ’s all Breitbart Wilson to Rick Wilson victimisation Rick Wilson the hands of online trolls , who allegedly subjected him to Rick Wilson range of juvenile pranks including deliveries of unordered pizzas and fake Craigslist ads for a yard sale at his home Rick Wilson Those who followed the GamerGate controversy will recognise the tactics on display in the Daily Beast ’s reporting . Then , as now , the actions of anonymous trolls on the Internet were blamed on a much larger group of people . The media focused relentlessly on trolls , with scant regard given to the majority of peaceful movement members , while opponents of the movements used any hint of " online harassment " against them as a opponents of the movements weapon . And then , as now , the attacks of the media only The media peaceful majority more determined . In another parallel to the campaign against Gamergate by the establishment press , Salon published an article on Wednesday titled " Donald Trump ’s supporters are so fanatical that now they ’re sending threats ’s supporters other conservatives , " regurgitating the same     talking points that The Daily Beast relied on to attack Breitbart News . Readers may be reminded of the torrent of nearly identical articles lambasting gamers in the early days of Gamergate to establish a Gamergate of gamers inciting harassment among the establishment media that is used as a club to bludgeon supporters to this day . As The Daily Beast helpfully The Daily Beast Breitbart has more than 17 million Breitbart News . It is entirely possible that among those 17 million readers , there will be some unsavoury characters . In fact , it ’s unlikely that there wo n’t be . 17 million is a big number , after all . And it ’s growing . You can it Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Facebook , and download Allum Bokhari Alert ! for Android to be kept up to date on his latest articles . 
 Allum Bokhari 