’   ’ ’    On Thursday ,     that the " United States    must greatly strengthen and expand the "United States    nuclear capability until    such time as the world comes to the world senses regarding nukes . " ’ ’    In the   Trump said " Russia has    been expanding " Russia nuclear weapons , adding that Russia has " a much    newer capability than we do . " ’ ’    But according to   the founding publisher of     although Russia may have updated Russia missiles    and warheads more recently , the idea that Moscow has better    capabilities is " almost certainly not true . " ’ ’    the ’ ’s director for    disarmament and threat reduction policy , told Business Insider    that the US’ ’s nuclear arsenal is " second to none , " and that    expanding US nuclear stockpiles risks " accelerating and worsening    global nuclear competition and the chances of war . " ’ "    But fears that Russia has surpassed the US in nuclear ferocity    are not completely unfounded . On paper , newer , more complicated ,    and more fearsome weapons constitute Russia ’s nuclear arsenal . " "    Russia’s introduced in the    can strike anywhere in    the US with what some report to be 10 independently targetable    nuclear warheads . " ’   ’ "    These 10 warheads would reenter the Earth ’s atmosphere at    hypersonic speeds   —    around 5 miles a second .   and    the the US has no way to defend against a salvo of such    devastating nukes . " "    In comparison , the US ’s   also reenters the    atmosphere at hypersonic speeds , but it carries just one the US’s      and was introduced in the 1970s . " ’    But the question of whose are better is more a philosophical one    than a straight comparison of capabilities . ’ "    Lewis says that US Strategic Command leaders , who command the    country ’s nuclear arsenal , have said for decades that given the    choice between the US ’s nukes and Russia ’s , they ’d choose the the US’s nukes and Russia US ’s missiles every time . " "    In an interview with Business Insider , Lewis said that the Lewis ’s    the US’s while it lacks the potential to    and lay waste    to whole continents , much better fits the US ’s strategic needs . " ’   ’ ’    " Russians made a really different design choice than we did " when    it came to building       said Lewis . ’ ’    " Russia built nuclear weapons that are incremental improvements , "    he said , or       would need updating every decade or so . ’ ’    On the other hand , " US nukes are like Ferraris : beautiful ,    intricate , and designed for high performance , " he said . " Experts    have said the plutonium    will last for hundreds of years . " ’ ’    Indeed , the US’ ’s stocks of Minuteman III ICBMs , despite their    age , are " exquisite machinery , incredible things . " ’ ’    " Russia’ ’s nuclear weapons are newer , true , " Lewis said , " but they    reflect the design Russia’’s nuclear weapons says , ’’ No reason to make it    super fancy because we’’ll just rebuild it in 10 years . ’’ it ’ "    The philosophical differences do n’t end there . " ’    " Russians love to put missiles on trucks , " said Lewis , while the    US Lewis    silos , which present a reliable target and    lack mobility . During the height of the Cold War , the US at one    point the   US    ICBM , but US safety and durability    requirements far exceeded that of the Russians , rendering the    platform unreasonable . ’ ’    " If you look at the truck [ the US ] built for missiles , it’ ’s 10    times more expensive . It’ ’s    and way less    it’ , " Lewis said .    We    the thing . " ’ ’   ’ ’    The US " can’’t do things the Russians did because we’’re not going    to put missiles on a crappy truck , " said Lewis . Meanwhile , the    Russian Lewis relies on sneakiness and achieving a threat    without breaking the bank . ’ ’    " Good luck trying to find it   —    it doesn’’t have to be    " it said of the Russians ’’ idea Lewis missile trucks . ’ ’    The US " likes things that are reliable , things that can be    maintained , things that you have to really train people to do , "    Lewis said . This difference stems Lewis Lewis who make up the    US military and how they differ from the Russians . ’ ’    "   the Russians the core of [ the US ] military , "    said Lewis The US They’’ve been around a long Lewis . That’ ’s why we’’re    way better than the Russians , who still have conscripts . " ’ "    It ’s that professionalism at the core of the US military that    makes America a different kind of world power . The US prefers    accuracy over destructive capability . " America " We love accuracy , " Lewis said   —    the US’ ’s ideal nuke is " a tiny    little nuclear weapon we’’ll fly right through the window and blow    up the building . " Meanwhile , the Russians would rather put 10    warheads on the building and level the whole city , civilians and    the building ’ ’    " You see it in Syria   —    that’ ’s how they show it off , " Lewis said    of Russia’ ’s the Russians campaign it Syria , where Moscow has been accused    of using cluster bombs Syria incendiary munitions , and of    indiscriminately bombing hospitals and refugee camps . This kind    of careless and brutal attitude is a defining trait of Russia’ ’s    military . ’ ’    For instance , Russia’ Russia’ leaked    nuclear " doomsday " weapon ,    a Russia’ robotic   " that can make 100 knots with a range    of 6 , 200 miles , is a    dirty bomb . The bomb would not    only nuke , but also turn the a   dirty bomb a harbor radioactive    for years to come . The US never even considers this kind of    devastation , and it doesn’’t want to . ’ ’   ’       Russia’ ’s The US ambitions , as shown in its nuclear arms , are    " deeply , deeply , deeply immoral Russia’ " Lewis said . ’ ’    " That’ ’s why [ Americans are ] the good guys . " ’ ’    Lewis said the US really can’’t defend against Russia’ ’s most    advanced Lewis diabolical nuclear weapons , as " the Russia’ is just    that the math never works . " ’ "    A Russian nuclear ICBM would blast into orbit , turn around , and    break into individual reentry vehicles , which would drive toward    their individual targets at Mach 23 . The US simply ca n’t afford    or design a system that would destroy 10 nuclear warheads    traveling at that    speed toward the US . " ’    The US has " never scaled a The US to the size of a The US attack . It sounds like a really great idea on paper , but    when you’’re looking at 1 , 000 warheads   …     " he said , trailing off . ’ ’    Another possible solution would be to you’’re the missiles before    they ’ ’    , but that means shooting them down over    Russia    which presents the missiles own problems . ’ ’   ’ ’ the missiles Another would be to destroy the missiles from satellites in    space , but according to Lewis , the US would have the missiles Lewis satellite launches twelvefold before the US’s had enough space assets    the US’s protect the country . ’ the   country ’ ’    Instead of spending years and trillions of dollars   —    and    escalating an arms race   —    the US relies on a doctrine known as    the   US destruction , or MAD . ’ ’    Lewis said that in the days of John F. Kennedy , Lewis US puzzled    over how to size its nuclear arsenal . The Kennedy administration    the US build enough nukes to destroy the Soviet Union if    necessary .    administration named the doctrine " assured    destruction , " but critics pointed out that nuclear salvos would    be traveling The Kennedy administration    , so the more apt name    intended as an    insult to Kennedy’ ’s policy , was " mutually assured destruction . " ’ ’    " There was no real theory of victory , " said Lewis . ’ ’    Russian President ’ ’    said Lewis could destroy    the US in Russia " using its the US’s doomsday devices . But the fact is that US Minuteman III rockets    that would vaporize the Minuteman III later . ’ ’     the ’    The US finds it most stabilizing to have the US’s triad , the US’s    three varieties of nuclear weapons available at any time .    Submarines ,    silos , and bomber planes all hold nuclear    missiles . No attack from Russia could simultaneously neutralize    all three . Nothing Russia stop the US from retaliating , and    nothing would the US’s "    The US ’s nuclear weapons are not doomsday devices that would    almost certainly initiate the apocalypse . " ’    Precise , professionally maintained , responsibly kept nuclear arms    provide the US with a credible deterrent without needlessly    endangering the US’s lives . ’ 
 