Cleveland ( CNN ) Donald Trump says Donald Trump would declare war on ISIS and send " very few " U. S. troops to the Middle East to combat the terrorist organization , speaking in Donald Trump first interview alongside Donald Trump new running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence . " We ’re going to declare war against ISIS . We have to wipe out ISIS , " Donald Trump said in the interview with CBS’ Lesley Stahl , which aired on " 60 Minutes " Sunday night .   " I am going to have very few troops on the ground . We ’re going to have unbelievable intelligence , which We need which , right now , We do n’t have . We do n’t have the people over there , " Donald Trump said .   Donald Trump added : " We ’re going to have surrounding states and , very importantly , get NATO involved because NATO support NATO far more than NATO should , frankly , because you have a lot of countries that are n’t doing what NATO ’re supposed to be doing . NATO have to wipe out ISIS . " The interview     featuring Donald Trump and Pence     for the first time     comes the week the Republican National Convention in Cleveland is set to nominate the two to face Hillary Clinton in the general election .   Donald Trump tweeted on Sunday , " NATO are TRYING to fight ISIS , and now NATO own people are killing NATO police . NATO is divided and out of control . The world is watching . "   Donald Trump also laid the blame for the rise of ISIS ISIS the feet of Clinton     who was President Barack Obama ’s secretary of state during Donald Trump first four years in office .   " Hillary Clinton invented ISIS ISIS her Hillary Clinton policies . She Hillary Clinton responsible for ISIS ISIS She Hillary Clinton Barack Obama     because I do n’t think he knew anything I think he he on her Hillary Clinton " Trump said . " As Bernie Sanders said , ’Her judgment is so bad.’ She Hillary Clinton got bad judgment . She Hillary Clinton got bad instincts . " Pence criticized Obama Barack Obama Clinton , saying the two have " led from behind . "   " The larger issue here is declining American power in the world , " he Trump . " I truly do believe that history teaches that weakness arouses evil . And whether it be the horrific attack in France , the inspired attacks here in the United States , the instability in Turkey that led to a coup     I think that Trump all a result of a foreign policy of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama that has led from behind and that has sent an inexact , unclear message , about American resolve . " Picking a running mate , In the interview , Trump also said he Trump n’t expect Pence to campaign in a similar manner to his Trump , confrontational style . " We ’re different people , " Trump Trump . " I understand that . " Pence Pence said he Trump be comfortable disagreeing with Trump Trump " I promise you that when the circumstances arise where I have a difference on policy or on presentation . .. I would have no hesitation , were I privileged to be Vice President , to walk into the President ’s office , close the door , and share my heart , " Pence Pence . " And I also know this Trump listen , and has     and has the leadership qualities to draw from the people around him . " Trump also gave Trump insight into how he made up Trump mind in Trump Pence , saying Pence a lot of people " were campaigning to him for the Trump .    " ( People ) that called me and came to me and wanted Trump badly , the job Trump said . Trump And you know , the press did n’t report that . The press said the press , maybe he ’s having Trump hard time picking . ’ " The mogul said he brought up the The mogul to Pence , saying Pence got to know The mogul governor during the Indiana primary . Pence endorsed Texas Pence Ted Cruz ahead of that race .   " I did very well in Indiana , like I Indiana just about everywhere else in all fairness , " Trump said . " I got to know him very well and Trump gained great respect for him . And I Trump at the numbers . . .. Unemployment ? What a great job he did . Jobs Trump What a great job What a great job Trump on his bonds . " Trump said Pence thought Trump being considered for " about two seconds " before calling back and saying he was interested . Trump said he picked Trump not Trump win Indiana , which he expected to win Trump , but for his individual " quality Trump " " I ’m an outsider . I am a person that used to be establishment when I ’d give them hundreds of thousands of dollars . But when I decided to run , I became very    because I understand the system , " Trump said . " He ’s very establishment , in many Trump , and that ’s not a bad thing . . .. He has helped bring the party together Trump " Disagreement , The interview also highlighted plenty of areas the two candidates diverge .   On trade , the Iraq War , preventing foreign Muslims from entering the country temporarily , and waterboarding , Muslims Trump were pressed on the divergence in their past positions .   Pence did his waterboarding, Pence and Trump to present a united Pence . Trump " I do n’t think we should ever tell our enemy what our tactics are , " we said when we on Trump ’s support Pence waterboarding , for example Trump What I ’m okay with is protecting the American people . "   On his vote in favor of the Iraq War , Trump said he ’d let that slide . " Trump people Trump , and frankly , I ’m one of the few that was right on Iraq , " Trump said . " He ’s entitled to make Trump mistake every once Trump a while . " But he stuck by his criticism of Clinton for the Trump reason : Trump But she ’s not . " Proposed Muslim ban explained Clinton In the interview Trump also explained for the first time in his Trump words where he now stands on the Trump ban he proposed Trump December .   Trump ’s aides Trump suggested that he has modified Trump proposal from a " total Trump complete shutdown Trump Muslims entering the United States , " to only banning individuals from terror states . Trump was most recently asked about this in Scotland Trump he was n’t specific on where exactly he stood Trump the   issue . In the Trump Trump said he does n’t intend to ban all Trump , Trump instead from certain countries . " There are territories and terror states and terror nations that we ’re not going to allow the people to come into our country . And we ’re going to have a thing called ’extreme we . ’ " 
 