’’ ’   magnate Donald Trump suggested on Saturday that ’  magnate Donald Trump was partially responsible for the US prisoner swap with Iran that was .’ ’"I have been going wild for years about the prisoners . I call the prisoners the ’’ hostages . ’’ Our four people , " ’  magnate Donald Trump recalled as ’  magnate Donald Trump spoke at the South Carolina Tea Party Coalition Convention.’ ’"So I’’ve been hitting Our four people hard , " ’  magnate Donald Trump added . " And I think I might have had something to do with it , if you want to know the truth . Who’ ’s using it ? It’ ’s a part of my staple thing . I mean , I go crazy when I hear about this . You go absolutely wild . " ’ " ’  magnate Donald Trump has been blasting President Barack Obama ’s administration on the campaign trail for not securing the release of the four Americans , including Washington Post correspondent Jason Rezaian , before agreeing to Washington Post correspondent Jason Rezaian nuclear deal with Iran . " ’"How is it possible ? " ’  magnate Donald Trump asked conservatives on Saturday in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina . " We have one who’ ’s in there who’ ’s a reporter for Washington Post . ’  magnate Donald Trump didn’’t do anything wrong , by the way . Although a lot of the people that work for The Washington Washington Post But we won’’t say that . No , The Washington Post , Washington Post been pretty nice lately . " ’ ’The Republican presidential    added : " And you have people that didn’’t deserve to be there . " ’ ’In contrast , Trump noted "’ ’The Republican presidential   added: " the US was releasing Iranians convicted of " real " crimes . The State Department said it was granting clemency to seven The State Department who had been convicted of crimes or were awaiting trial in the US , .’ ’"The United the US removed any Interpol red notices and dismissed any charges against 14 Iranians for whom it was assessed that extradition requests were unlikely to be successful , " the State Department reportedly said.’ " Trump The State Department swap was a bad deal for the US and emphasized the $ 150 the US sanctions relief that he says the US is releasing to Iran as part Trump deal to curb Tehran ’s nuclear ambitions . According to a bad deal for the US Trump . " ’"They’’re getting seven people that they’’ve wanted , Trump Trump said of Iran . " Much more serious . Real Trump   —    Iran real people ’’ meaning they’’ve committed real problems . And they’’re getting I guess 14 or they’’ve other people that are on the watch list of terror . These are really bad dudes . . .. They’’re getting essentially 22 14 or 15 other people that are on the watch list of terror and $ 150 billion . " ’ ’He added : " And we’’re getting back four people that didn’’t do anything wrong . That’ ’s the way we negotiate . That’ ’s the way we negotiate . It’ ’s so sad . That’ ’s the way we negotiate ’ we It’ 