WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump appeared to soften some of Donald J. Trump campaign positions on immigration on Sunday , but he Donald J. Trump restated his Donald J. Trump to roll back abortion rights and used Twitter to lash out at his Donald J. Trump , leaving open the possibility that he Donald J. Trump continue using social media in the Oval Office and radically change the way presidents speak to Americans . In his Donald J. Trump    television interview since his Donald J. Trump victory on Tuesday , Mr. Donald J. Trump his promise Donald J. Trump name a Supreme Court justice who opposed abortion rights and would help overturn the 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that recognized them , returning the issue to the states . Asked where that would leave women seeking abortions , Mr. Trump , on the CBS program " 60 Minutes , " said , " Well , they ’ll perhaps have to go   —    they ’ll they to go to another state . " On immigration , he said the wall that he has he promising to build on the nation ’s southern border might end up being a fence in places . But he said he priority he to deport two million to three million immigrants he characterized he dangerous or as having criminal records , a change from his original he that he would he all of the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country . President Obama has deported more than two million undocumented immigrants during his time President Obama office . Mr. Trump said that undocumented immigrants who are not criminals are " terrific people , " and that he would Mr. Trump how to handle them after undocumented immigrants who are not criminals are "terrific people border is secure . The House speaker , Paul D. Ryan , echoed the    saying on Sunday that there would be no deportation force , something Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to create early in his campaign . Mr. Trump That ’s not what we ’re focused on , " Mr. Ryan said Paul D. Ryan ’s " State of the Union . " Mr. Trump also Mr. Trump considered the Supreme Mr. Trump decision last year that validated    marriages as settled , and that he was " fine Mr. Trump that . " He endorsed popular aspects Mr. Trump President Obama ’s health insurance law , including a provision that requires coverage of people with    medical conditions and one that allows young people to remain on their parents’ plans until the young people of 26 . But even as he appeared to inch Mr. Trump the political center , Mr. Trump used a Mr. Trump postings on Twitter to argue that The New York Times ’s coverage of him has been " BAD Mr. Trump and " very poor and highly inaccurate . " He falsely stated that The Mr. Trump had issued an apology The New York Times’s The New York Times’s an apparent reference to a letter to readers from The Times ’s publisher , Arthur Sulzberger The New York Times’s executive editor , Dean Baquet . The letter The New York Times’s the unpredictable nature of the election a letter to readers from The Times’s publisher, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. and its executive editor, Dean Baquet The Times aimed to " rededicate " itself to The New York Times’s The New York Times’s mission of Times journalism . The New York Times’s In the letter , The Times posed a series of what it a letter to readers from The Times’s publisher, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. and its executive editor, Dean Baquet The New York Times’s including , " Did Donald Trump The New York Times’s sheer unconventionality lead us and other news outlets to underestimate his support among American voters ? " Mr. Trump also claimed that the Donald Trump’s had been losing thousands of subscribers Donald Trump campaign coverage . In a Twitter message in reply to Mr. Trump , the newspaper New York Times Company said it had seen a " Donald Trump in new subscriptions since the election   — The New York Times Company four times the    rate . " We ’re proud of our election coverage   we will continue to ‘ hold power to account,’ "   We company said . We Trump , in another Twitter post , said The Times had falsely reported that he believed additional nations should acquire nuclear arms . The New York Times Company in an interview in March Mr. Trump The Times , Mr. Trump , asked about the North Korean threat to its neighbors , said he thought the United States’ allies might need their own nuclear deterrent North Korean " If Japan Mr. Trump that nuclear threat , I ’m not the United States’ allies that would be a bad thing for us , " he said . Later , he added , " The bottom line is , I think Mr. Trump frankly , as long Mr. Trump North Korea ’s there , I think that Japan having a capability is something that maybe is going to happen whether we like it Japan not . " His posts on Twitter were a striking public display from a man who , after winning Mr. Trump election , had worked to project an air of seriousness and    first in a victory speech early Wednesday and then in an Oval Office meeting the next day with Mr. Obama , whom he called a " good man " for whom he had " great respect . " Mr. Trump by Thursday evening , Mr. Trump was using Mr. Trump to complain about demonstrations against his victory , saying they were being mounted by " professional protesters , incited by the Mr. Trump , " and branding them as " very unfair ! " The social media sniping   —    unparalleled in they history of presidential communication   —    suggested that Mr. Trump plans to bring his confrontational style of speaking to Americans to the White House Mr. Trump to undercut news outlets Mr. Trump do not comport with his views , silence his critics and elevate his own standing . On Sunday , he selected Mr. Trump K. Bannon , Mr. Trump executive chairman of Mr. Trump News , a site known for Mr. Trump nationalist , racially charged and    coverage , to be his chief strategist and senior counselor . It was only one indication of the extraordinary nature of Mr. Trump   ’s tactics and those of his inner circle . In the " 60 Minutes " interview , Mr. Trump suggested he would the  ’s tactics hold to the longstanding    tradition of presidents refraining from interfering Mr. Trump B. I. Mr. Trump matters , hinting that he would quiz the director , James B. Comey , about his handling of the investigation into Hillary Mr. Trump ’s private email server before deciding whether to dismiss him Mr. Trump " I ’m not sure , " Mr. Trump said when asked if he would seek Mr. Trump Comey ’s resignation . " I would have Mr. Trump   —    he may Mr. Trump had very good reasons for doing what he did . " In an interview on Friday Mr. Trump The Wall Street Journal , Mr. Trump did not Mr. Trump out prosecuting Mrs. Clinton . On Sunday , his campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway Mr. Trump that Senator Harry Reid , Democrat of Nevada and the minority leader Mr. Trump could face legal action for having said that Mr. Trump ’s election had " emboldened the forces of hate and bigotry in America . " Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump proud of how he has used social media to create his own version of events and Mr. Trump to his followers Mr. Trump He suggested in the Mr. Trump 60 Minutes " interview that he Mr. Trump reluctant to surrender that platform when social media takes Mr. Trump oath of Mr. Trump in January . " I ’m not saying I Mr. Trump it , but it does get the Mr. Trump out , " Mr. Trump said of Twitter during the interview , adding that his millions of followers it various social media sites had given him " such power " that it helped him win the election Mr. Trump " When you give me a bad story , or Mr. Trump you give me an inaccurate story , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump added , " I have a method of fighting back . " He said , however , that he would be Mr. Trump restrained " in his Twitter posts should he continue to make them as Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump is a Mr. Trump public scorekeeper of his own accolades and Mr. Trump , and his Mr. Trump to the highest his Twitter posts in the land Mr. Trump changed his instinct to crow about the Mr. Trump details . During the interview , Mr. Trump Trump boasted that since his election , he had built up Mr. Trump social media following by tens of thousands of people . " I Mr. Trump up now   — Mr. Trump I think Mr. Trump picked up yesterday Mr. Trump , 000 people , " Mr. Trump said . The interview , which also featured Mr. Trump ’s wife , Melania , and adult children , showed a side of the Mr. Trump he did not display during the campaign   — Mr. Trump awed and somewhat intimidated by the significance of the office to which he had just laid claim Mr. Trump " I ’ve done a lot of big things I ’ve never done anything like this , " Mr. Trump said . " Mr. Trump   —    it is so big , it is so   —    it ’s so enormous , it ’s so amazing . " Mr. Trump said he had been Mr. Trump as It Mr. Trump little bit of It wild man " during the It , and he promised It he his campaign able Mr. Trump tamp down Mr. Trump of his more heated speech as president . Mr. Trump he suggested that he would still use Mr. Trump tactics to Mr. Trump his supporters , just as he did Mr. Trump his bid for the Mr. Trump House . Mr. Trump Sometimes you need a certain rhetoric to get people motivated , " he said . " I do n’t Mr. Trump to the White House little nice monotone character . " 
 