London ( CNN ) If , as the exit poll predicts , the UK election denies Theresa May Theresa May majority it is an extraordinary victory for Theresa May opponent Jeremy Corbyn . The Labour leader started this campaign with a deficit in the polls of around 20 points , and The Labour leader chances written off by most experts , political commentators and the press . Even many of The Labour leader own MPs     some of whom tried to unseat The Labour leader last summer     did n’t think The Labour leader had last summer     in The Labour leader to be Prime Minister . The result is not yet final and The result still looks like May ’s Conservatives will still have the most seats , meaning Conservatives will be able to start talks to form a coalition . But the fact that Corbyn is expected to have robbed May of Corbyn overall majority is a significant endorsement from voters for The Labour leader brand of    populist politics . The fact that The Labour leader has defied all expectations and caused a major electoral shock will draw comparisons with Donald Trump ’s surprise victory .   Like the president , The Labour leader is    unconventional and populist . The difference is Corbyn is on the    of the Labour party     far to the left of its former the Labour party     and Prime Minister Tony Blair . It remains unlikely that Corbyn will Corbyn Prime Minister , but he has Corbyn will be Prime Minister a moral victory over his critics Corbyn will be Prime Minister parliament , his own Corbyn will be Prime Minister and the press . Read : Knife edge : UK heading for political chaos ? His manifesto Corbyn will be Prime Minister a raft of leftwing policies with renationalization of industry at their core     has been well received by voters . Stories about Corbyn ’s past support for the Irish Republican Army and Hamas are failing to inflict serious damage . And in the wake of   the suicide bombing in Manchester and the attack on London Bridge , the Labour leader ’s perceived weakness on security and    do n’t seem to have damaged him in the Labour leader’s court of public opinion . At the start of the campaign in April , the Prime Minister set down a narrative that the June 8 election was a choice between her " strong and stable " leadership that would deliver a successful Brexit , and Corbyn ’s    brand of Labour . But as the votes are counted , it is remarkable how Corbyn has Corbyn to change the narrative a narrative that the June 8 election was a choice between her "strong and stable" leadership that would deliver a successful Brexit, and Corbyn’s   brand of Labour the election into the June 8 election fight . This shift has been achieved , say commentators , in part because Corbyn does not behave Corbyn an ordinary politician . While other party leaders adapt their policies to the other party leaders times , his views     including opposition to Britain ’s independent nuclear deterrent , and in favor of higher taxes on the rich to pay for healthcare and schools     have not changed in more than 30 years . Read : What election result could mean for Brexit , From trade unionist to politician , Corbyn was raised in rural Shropshire in central England and was educated at a local grammar school before studying at a North London college , from where he left after one year , failing to finish a degree . After working for a number of trade unions he got his first he in he at the age of 25 when he was elected to he council seat in Haringey , a borough in north London .   North London later he became Labour MP for he London seat of Islington North , at the same time Tony Blair entered Parliament . Their career paths could not have been more different : while Blair rose through the Labour Tony Blair to become its leader in 1994 and the Labour Party minister in 1997 , Corbyn remained a backbench MP , rebelling against Blair in hundreds of votes Tony Blair the House of Commons and most prominently as a vocal critic of the Iraq war .   It was after Labour ’s second electoral defeat in a row , in 2015 , that Corbyn ’s name was put Corbyn the leadership contest as a " token " leftwinger , but was at first not taken seriously . He went on to win with Corbyn’s name was put forward for the leadership contest as a "token" leftwinger, but was at first not taken seriously 60 % of the vote . In the same way Bernie Sanders experienced an insurgent tide of popularity from younger voters ,     Corbyn is most popular among Corbyn   Read : Britain ’s young voters are angry , not apathetic , ’ ’ The success of Corbyn ’s    pitch     he saw Corbyn a challenge from the Bernie Sanders ’s centrists in 2016     may also invite comparisons with the US president . Like Trump , the Labour leader is prone to outbursts of tetchy , erratic and stubborn behavior .   By coincidence , Trump and Corbyn have each been married Trump, the Labour times . Yet the similarities perhaps end there : Corbyn has the unassuming manner and bearing Corbyn a high school science teacher and likes to spend his weekends on his community garden plot Corbyn not playing Corbyn round of golf in a lavish hotel resort . " There is a certain freshness about the Corbyn campaign which is attractive to people who are fed up with the staleness and tiredness of political discourse , " says Tom Baldwin , who was director of communications for the previous Labour leader Ed Miliband at the 2015 election . " Corbyn himself does n’t look scared in interviews . He does n’t look scared of being Corbyn himself out . " " He has a really thick skin and Corbyn himself is very comfortable in it . Corbyn himself such there is an a really thick skin ’ to him which it would be churlish not Corbyn himself acknowledge . " Read : ’Mayhem’ and ’shock’ : How UK papers reacted to early election results , Race to the finish , In the past two weeks , newspapers have highlighted Corbyn ’s links to the IRA and Corbyn himself , including his appearances at events commemorating both organizations . But voters appear to be unmoved . Baldwin says Corbyn has benefited from an absence of Corbyn himself kind of intense scrutiny normally applied to potential prime ministers because , unlike Miliband in 2015 , " at the start of this campaign everyone thought Corbyn had a cat in hell ’s Corbyn himself of winning " . Opponents had not really had a chance to hone their attacks on Corbyn until now , Opponents added . Corbyn himself according to Baldwin Corbyn himself the narrowing in the polls is more as a result of failings in the Conservative campaign , including pinning so much on May as a " strong and stable " leader , which backfired because she was forced to perform a    over a major policy on funding for elderly care . There has also been little effect in the polls from her position as an the polls    prime she in the wake of the Manchester and London attacks . " The Tories have been running a terrible campaign    that is the single most important factor in this election so far , " says Baldwin . " They dropped the ball and it is very The Tories to turn their line around . They have tried to The Tories this all about The Tories and have managed to tarnish her brand in the course of three weeks her "   Now it is Corbyn , in his refusal to budge from his old fashioned Baldwin of leftwing politics     Baldwin perhaps because expectations of him , as the underdog , were already Baldwin     who now appears to represent stability . While it remains unlikely he will be prime minister , the Labour Baldwin has turned the most predictable election in recent British political history into an unexpectedly dramatic race to the finish . Read : Pound slides on fears of turmoil 
 