Sen. Ted Cruz , whose attack on Donald Trump during Thursday ’s Republican presidential debate in South Carolina for Donald Trump " New York Values " drew a pointed response from the    GOP front runner , issued an apology to New Yorkers tonight . [ an apology to New Yorkers , however , was not for using the term " New York Values , " but instead " to the millions of New New Yorkers have been let down by liberal politicians in that state . "   " It ’s been an interesting 24 hours , where Donald Trump and Andrew Cuomo and New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio and Hillary Clinton have all demanded an apology because they ’re Donald Trump and Andrew Cuomo and New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio and Hillary Clinton unhappy about people acknowledging that they have Donald Trump and Andrew Cuomo and New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio and Hillary Clinton New York New York So I ’ve heard their demands Donald Trump and Andrew Cuomo and New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio and Hillary Clinton and I am happy to give them an Donald Trump and Andrew Cuomo and New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio and Hillary Clinton , " Cruz told Sean Hannity on his nationally syndicated Sean Hannity show Friday .   OO . ready ( function ( )   ) } ) " I apologize to the millions of New Yorkers who have been abandoned by liberal politicians , " Cruz said . Cruz I apologize to the working men and women of New York who New York jobs , jobs that have been plentiful just south in Pennsylvania , because Governor Cuomo banned fracking , " Cruz added , then Cruz down a list of other New Yorkers he apologized New Yorkers a Governor Cuomo statement released shortly after his appearance on Hannity , Governor Cuomo read : Hillary Clinton and Andrew Cuomo and Bill de Blasio have all demanded an apology . I ’m happy to apologize : I apologize to the millions of New Yorkers who have been New Yorkers by liberal politicians in that state . I apologize to the hard working men and women of the state of New York who have been denied jobs because Governor Cuomo wo n’t allow fracking Andrew Cuomo though there had been many high paying jobs just south in Pennsylvania , New Yorkers are denied the ability New Yorkers for their families . I apologize to all New Yorkers    and    and    amendment New Yorkers who were told by Governor New Yorkers they have no place in New Andrew Cuomo that ’s not who New Yorkers are . I apologize to all New Yorkers businesses who have been driven out of New York city by crushing taxes and regulations . I apologize New York millions of unborn children , many    and Hispanic , whose lives have been taken by politicians who relentlessly promote abortion on demand with no limitations . I apologize to all of the    children who Mayor de Blasio tried to throw out of their charter schools that were providing a lifeline to the American Dream . I apologize to the people of New York who are offended when the New York Daily News lambastes anyone who prays for victims of violence . I apologize to the people of faith who are ridiculed and insulted by the New York media . And I apologize to all the cops and New York and    heroes who had no choice but to stand and turn their backs on Mayor de Blasio , because Mayor de Blasio over and over again stands with the looters and criminals rather than the brave men and women of the law . And to the millions of conservatives —   working men and women in New York , with common sense values , trapped by the failures of your political leaders —   I am glad to tell you , help us on the way . 2016 , like 1980 , will bring America back . " Wow . That is a powerful statement , " Hannity told Cruz . " You ’re right about one thing , " Hannity added . " If you want to see how to mismanage a Hannity and a city —   and I ’m here —   you can look at New York , " Hannity said . " One time I asked Donald New York , " Hannity Hannity Cruz . " I said ‘ You would save nearly 15 percent.’ Hannity ’s Cruz a New Yorker through ‘ through . He said ‘ Nah Donald Trump I do n’t want to leave . I ’ve Donald Trump about it , but I do n’t want to leave,’ " Hannity noted . " It ’s striking that Donald said last night he was Hannity and insulted that I observed that he has embodied New York Donald , " Cruz told Hannity . " I Donald note that that assessment did n’t come from me Hannity It came from Donald J. Trump . Trump did a long interview with [ that assessment late ] Tim Russert , " Donald J. Trump pointed out . Hannity then played the interview of Trump by Russert , Cruz died in 2008 Hannity " I hate the concept Donald J. Trump abortion , " Trump told Russert in the interview . The rest of the transcript reads as Donald J. Trump : Trump : a long interview with [the late] Tim Russert it . I hate everything it stands for   … Donald J. Trump but , still , I just believe in choice it Again , it may be a little bit of a New York background . Because there is some different attitude in different parts of the country . And you know , I was raised in New York . I grew up and worked and everything else in New York City New York I am strongly for choice , and I hate the concept New York Russert : But you would not ban it . Trump : No . Russert : Or ban partial birth abortions . Trump : No . the concept of abortion am    in every respect . " Do you accept that he ’s Trump ? " Hannity asked Cruz after playing the audio clip of Trump ’s answers to Russert . " He says he does , and that ’s an assessment for Trump voters to take Russert , " he responded he 
 Cruz 