  ( CNN ) At 17 years old , Maryland high school senior Samuel Kebede did n’t get to vote in this year ’s historic election for president of the United States . Instead , Maryland high school senior Samuel Kebede found another way to make Maryland high school senior Samuel Kebede voice heard , along with other students from Montgomery Blair High School in Silver Spring .   They were among thousands of high school students who walked out of class across the United States on Monday . Demonstrations are expected to continue Tuesday on college campuses . Many said they Demonstrations no illusions of reversing the outcome that led to    Donald Trump ’s victory . If anything , they anything to Trump   Donald Trump his   Donald Trump to ease their anything rhetoric around immigration and mass deportations , Muslim bans and LGBTQ rights . " I just wanted to voice my concerns that Donald   Donald Trump not continue to use racial slurs to demean other races and cultures , " Kebede said .   " I want people to know that although we are high schoolers with a lot to learn , we , we , are affected by the outcome of the election and want to show our support we the ways we can we we are we to go to the polls . "   Montgomery Blair High School students organized the walkout on social media , leading an exodus of hundreds shortly after 10 a. m. he said 10 a. m.   They began Montgomery Blair High School students the high school football field and walked about 6 miles through the city to Veterans Plaza , he said 10 a. m. Some drivers    students as they passed Montgomery Blair High School students CNN affiliate WJLA reported . Kebede knows that not all Trump supporters were motivated by racism or bigotry to vote for him . However , during Trump ’s campaign , he " him to the worst in people , " opening wounds " that have not healed yet , " Kebede said Kebede   " That is why I protest , to let him know him even though he has him our future president , the bigotry and hatred will not be tolerated . "   Protests nationwide , Monday marked the sixth day that    protesters across the United States have taken to the streets , drawing participation from many students who did not even cast a ballot . Most of the protests Protests nationwide peaceful . But Portland , Oregon , has been the site of the most violent    demonstrations , with a shooting and the arrest of 71 people on Saturday .   Critics accuse the protesters of being sore losers and criticized students for skipping classes . Protesters say they ’re upset Protesters Trump ’s positions on immigration , the environment and LGBT rights , among other issues . Some have questioned the legitimacy of the   ’s victory , noting that although Trump won the Trump’s number of votes in the Electoral College , Hillary Clinton won the popular vote . Since Election Day , many have expressed fears of bigotry and racial violence against minorities , amid incidents of harassment , slurs and hate crimes . In an interview on CBS’ " 60 Minutes " that aired Sunday night , Trump told his supporters to Trump the harassment , and that he would , Trump bring this country together . "   As for the demonstrations against him , Trump Trump said Trump to them represents a the demonstrations against him double standard " and blamed the media for inciting them . " the demonstrations against him Hillary had won and if my people went out and protested , everybody would say , ’Oh , that ’s a terrible thing.’ And it would have been a much different attitude . " West Coast walkouts end peacefully , As protests dwindled Monday afternoon in the East , activity picked up across the country . the East , about 5 , 000 students from 20 middle and high schools participated in a walkout , Luke Duecy with Seattle Public Schools told CNN affiliate KOMO . Students said they ’re worried about Students ’s stances on immigration and religion . " We are n’t rejecting that Donald Trump won this election , " a Garfield High School senior told KOMO . " We CNN affiliate KOMO here to We Trump that we have Donald Trump agenda We needs to meet Donald Trump he wants to represent Donald Trump . " Seattle Police made three arrests from Monday ’s protests , none of them were students . three arrests walkouts in Portland and several San Francisco Bay Area cities ended peacefully .   " I would give [ Trump ] a chance Donald Trump he would give us Donald Trump chance , " Martha Placentia , an Oakland , California , high school student told CNN affiliate , KPIX . " But he ’s not giving Donald Trump a chance . us ’s basically saying Donald Trump you guys are criminals . " ’ ’Immigrants are welcome here’ Down the coast , hundreds of high school students from at least six schools in East Los Angeles , home to a large Latino population , took to the streets chanting " No papers , no fear " and " Say it loud , say it clear , immigrants it welcome here . " Mendez High School student Arlene Contreras was one of the students holding a    sign in support of LGBTQ rights and civil rights of minority groups . " I want to make a statement that we will not let Trump tell us what to do we We will not accept we sexism . His Trump . We Trump not let we overpower women , Trump , us minorities , people of color . " She said she knows it will She the involvement of other government branches to implement such changes , " so I ’m just keeping an eye out , " she said . " She do n’t want people to be blind . I want them to be alert people not let this just slide past their thoughts . " people officials in Los Angeles said they supported students but School officials in Los Angeles them to stay on students and not let demonstrations interfere with classroom activities . " These are important conversations that need to take place . We want our students to know We are not alone our students " Superintendent Michelle King said Monday . " However , it is critical that students not allow their sentiments to derail students education or for students actions to place students in danger . students Demonstrators apparently ignored the request , waving Mexican and American flags and holding signs as they made their way Demonstrators Grand Demonstrators and City Hall , shouting the classic protest chant , " Yes , we can " in Spanish     " Si , se puede . "   Most students walked out of classes with permission from their schools , but Most students everyone , said Karter Flores , a senior at Alliance    Family Foundation Environmental Science High School . She and her classmates Karter Flores, a senior at Alliance   Family Foundation Environmental Science High School school Karter Flores, a senior at Alliance   Family Foundation Environmental Science High School attend .   A transgender teen who came out one month ago , she ’s frustrated that Karter Flores, a senior at Alliance   Family Foundation Environmental Science High School has to live Karter Flores, a senior at Alliance   Family Foundation Environmental Science High School the election ’s outcome even though she had no say Karter Flores, a senior at Alliance   Family Foundation Environmental Science High School it . She worries that the Karter Flores, a senior at Alliance   Family Foundation Environmental Science High School administration could make policy changes that will make her gender transition harder Karter Flores, a senior at Alliance   Family Foundation Environmental Science High School "    " We are going to have to live with this outcome for the next four years . We want a peaceful We future . " 
 