Mr. Giuliani , lashed out against the Black Lives Matter movement on Sunday , accusing it of ignoring     crime , inspiring violence against Mr. Giuliani police and promoting racism . " When you say black lives matter , that ’s inherently racist , " Mr. Giuliani said in an appearance on CBS ’s " Face the Nation . " " Black lives matter . White lives matter . Asian lives matter . Hispanic lives matter . That ’s    and it ’s racist . " His comments came as That country grappled with pain Mr. Giuliani confusion and anger the Nation week ’s two fatal shootings of    men by the police and the killing of five police officers in Dallas , the deadliest assault on American law enforcement since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks . As members of the Black Lives Matter movement and other concerned citizens pushed forward on Sunday with protests over police shootings , politicians , law enforcement officials and    leaders took to the airwaves , most of them with messages of hope , unity and understanding . leaders Giuliani , a longtime promoter of aggressive policing , struck a different chord , saying the Black Lives Matter movement had targeted police officers . " They sing rap songs about killing police officers , and Mr. Giuliani, a longtime promoter of aggressive policing talk about killing police officers , and they yell Mr. Giuliani, a longtime promoter of aggressive policing out at their rallies and the police police officers hear it , " police officers said . Mr. Giuliani said the it unfairly focused Mr. Giuliani killings at the hands of the Black Lives Matter movement when it should be focusing on murders committed by civilians in black the Black Lives Matter movement . " When there are 60 shootings in Chicago over the Fourth of July and 14 murders , and Black Lives Matter is nonexistent , " he said , " and then there ’s one police murder Mr. Giuliani very questionable circumstances and we hear from Black Lives Matter , we wonder : Do black lives matter Black Lives Matter the very few we lives that are killed by white policemen ? " Terrence Cunningham , the president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police Mr. Cunningham n’t make that Mr. Giuliani he said . " I would n’t say that it ’s Black Lives Mr. Giuliani that put a target on those police officers , " Mr. Cunningham continued , adding , " Unfortunately , I think , you know , people have really polarized this issue . If we really want to work towards solutions , we need to work together . " Sherrilyn Ifill , the president of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund , who also appeared on the show , suggested that Mr. Giuliani was partly we blame for the rift . " He actually presided over one of the most discredited areas and periods of policing in the City of New York , " she said , " which is , in fact , responsible for Mr. Giuliani lot of the tension that exists between police officers and people in    communities . " They were not the only ones to point fingers . In an appearance on ABC ’s " This Week , " retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , who is considered a potential running police officers and people in   communities for Donald J. Trump , criticized Hillary Clinton for saying on Friday that white people needed to start listening Mr. Flynn she talked about white people being to blame . " William J. Bratton , the New York police commissioner , who appeared on Sunday on multiple shows , was among the many who emphasized unity . " This is a shared responsibility , trying to Hillary Clinton differences that are becoming quite evident Hillary Clinton many of these videos , " Mr. Bratton said Mr. Bratton come a very long way . And I can speak for New York , but quite clearly events this past week show we have really almost just begun the journey . " Separately on Sunday , as Mr. Trump has faced skepticism from some Republicans over his stances on abortion and other social issues , General Flynn , a Democrat , indicated a willingness to break from We party affiliation . During his appearance on " This Week , " New York support for abortion rights and brushed aside the issue of We marriage on the grounds that it was less important than matters like education and immigration . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 