’   ’ ’    This is the contradiction of Trumponomics . ’ ’    As   if Trump managed to get Trump    infrastructure spending bill through Congress , it would likely    include a " buy American " provision . ’ "    It ’s something he has talked about over and over again . " ’    he even added It to he executive order on the Keystone XL    pipeline , insisting the steel used in the Keystone XL   pipeline be . ’ ’    This would make projects more expensive because American steel is    more expensive than , say , Chinese steel . ’ ’’ ’    The Obama administration actually slapped a 500 % tariff on    Chinese steel , but all that did was make life harder for    manufacturers . ’ "    But that ’s not even the worst part of it . The worst part is that    the definition of what is and is not American steel is weird . " ’    For example , a foreign government can own a steel company and the    steel can still be considered " American American " if the company has    factories in the US . Also , according to the   which was revised in the 1980s , the American steel even be    sourced from other countries   —    it just American steel to be melted here . ’ ’    The problem is that US manufacturing   —    and the global supply    chain   —    have evolved beyond that . ’ ’    * Oftentimes , steel isn’’t melted anymore . Instead , manufacturers    use something called " slab converters " to form steel that    could’’ve been acquired from anywhere . This doesn’’t meet the " buy    American " legislative standard , and this has cost companies with    American workers and American mills . ’ ’    The US steel industry is , of course , worried about all of this ,    so it’ ’s working to get the definition of " buy American " changed . ’ "    The question then is whether the Trump administration will play    ball with it on that . And there ’s reason to believe that it    wo n’t . " "    Ideologically , the Trump Trump administration is not to    modernize the economy ;    ’s to internalize it the Trump administration’s economic goal That is to the Trump administration’s economic goal ,    the underpinning of its    is to have    things made at    home   —       supply chains be damned . " "    We know this because Trump ’s trade czar , Peter Navarro , told the     exactly that : " ’    So the Trump administration could easily throw another    requirement into this " buy American " mix :   a company’ ’s global supply    chain . ’ "    Let ’s call a policy like We what it is : an onerous this    that could cost companies a ton of money . Wall Street has been    sending stocks higher and higher on the idea that Trump will    deregulate and lower taxes , but Navarro ’s talk flies in the face    of all that and would have real consequences if the    infrastructure bill were passed . " ’    Of course , the prospect of the passage of a $ 1 trillion    infrastructure bill is sort of in the air anyway . Republicans    like Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , Republican of    Kentucky , have been hating on the idea on its worst days and    paying it lip service on its its . ’ ’ its " We expect to get some kind of recommendation on an    infrastructure bill , a subject that we frequently handle on a    bipartisan basis , " he said on Friday , according to Reuters , which    framed this quote as McConnell giving " hope " to those who want a    bill like this to pass . ’ "    The problem is that he provided no details with he statement ,    and it ’s unclear what he    by it .    have already    introduced a    —    if he wanted to start       in a bipartisan    . " ’    Even more suspect was his use of the word Even more suspect frequently " before the    word " bipartisan . " ’ "    Sounds like he ’s new around here ’ "    something . " ’      ’ "    * A previous version of this story said that steel is n’t melted in    the US anymore across the board . That ’s incorrect . Some mills do    in fact still melt steel . " ’This is the contradiction of Trumponomics . As . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 