Smoking will be prohibited in public housing residences nationwide under a federal rule announced on Wednesday . Officials with the Department of Housing and Urban Development said that a federal rule announced on Wednesday would take effect early next year , but that public housing agencies would have a year and a half to put    policies in place . The a federal rule announced on Wednesday affect more than 1 . 2 million households , the officials Officials with the Department of Housing and Urban Development although some 200 , 000 homes already come under smoking bans adopted voluntarily by hundreds of public housing agencies around the country . The nationwide ban will have its greatest impact The nationwide ban New York , where the New York City Housing Authority   —    whose 178 , 000 apartments and more than 400 , 000 residents make it the largest The nationwide ban housing agency in the United States , has lagged behind many of its counterparts in The nationwide ban    policies . While HUD proposed the sweeping prohibition a year ago , it had been the sweeping prohibition public housing authorities to adopt such policies since 2009 . The New York agency , which had asked HUD unsuccessfully for HUD years to phase in a ban , issued a statement on Wednesday saying it was " fully committed to providing an environment that promotes resident health as part of our vision of safe , clean and connected communities . "    advocates consider    housing the latest major front in the    campaign to curb exposure to secondhand tobacco smoke . The rule covering public housing forbids cigarettes , cigars , pipes and hookahs ( or water pipes )   —    but not electronic cigarettes   —    from being smoked in all living units , indoor common areas , administrative offices and all outdoor areas within 25 feet of housing and office buildings . Housing agencies that already ban smoking said they enforced their Housing agencies that already ban smoking through Housing agencies that already ban smoking and fines coupled with education , including counseling and    aids like nicotine patches . " The last thing that we want are evictions , " Julián Castro , the HUD secretary , said during a call with reporters . " We do n’t see this as a policy that is meant to end in a whole lot of evictions , " Mr. Castro said Julián Castro We ’re confident that    authority staff can work with residents so that that can be avoided . " Health officials said that a significant amount of smoke could be transferred between apartments and that alternatives , such as improving ventilation , did not eliminate the ills of secondhand smoke , including causing or aggravating conditions like asthma and lung cancer . Children are especially vulnerable 760 , 000 of them live in public Children . Housing officials said that although the federal government would not help to pay for enforcement , the public housing authorities stood to save money in averted fire losses and reduced costs for painting and cleaning    units . The final rule followed a period of public comment during which some opponents took exception to the government ’s telling the federal government to do in the privacy of their own homes . In people York , there was also concern about whether police officers would be involved in enforcing the rule that will not be the case , Housing Authority officials said . Smoking is already prohibited in the lobbies and hallways of the city ’s public housing New York In answer to a question , Mr. Castro said he was confident that the incoming Mr. Castro administration would not have a problem with the ban because " the public health benefit to this policy is so tremendous , and the residents’ support for going    is so tremendous out there , that this rule will stick . " " Public housing will go    and remain    and , because of that    " he said , " so many Mr. Castro are going to live healthier lives and have a better shot at reaching their dreams because they have good so many folks . " so many folks 