  ( CNN ) There were two big winners in Hillary Clinton ’s speech on the   . One was Hillary Clinton , who was able to present herself as the opponent of a    movement . The other was the    which hardly anyone had ever heard of and which got some free advertising . The big loser of the night was the Republican Party . Most of the Republican Party activists had probably never heard of the    either . Now its activists label is tarred with their label . Never mind that the    is tiny and unrepresentative of conservatism , or even that Trump has allied with    figures but never endorsed the movement by name . These are details that Clinton does n’t benefit from so she Clinton n’t dwell on them These What exactly is the    then ? Come back and ask in about 30 years’ time . It ’s too soon to be exact about a movement so diffuse and containing so many factions , some disputing the label .   To put it the label ,    are conservatives who are as critical of the Republicans as they the Republicans the Democrats     believing both to be slaves of political correctness . Put ungenerously , they both to preach a white rights , hypermasculine identity politics that comes off like sheer bigotry .   Notably , they both few Christian groups . They both    almost       obsessed with biology .   The American Renaissance , an    group , posted a response to Clinton ’s speech , arguing : " If whites really understood the racial implications of what she Clinton for , they whites n’t vote for her Clinton dog catcher . "   American American adds : " We American Renaissance not claim that Donald Trump is part of the    or that he Donald Trump an advocate for white people . It is clearly unfair to make him Donald Trump for our views . However , by promoting polices that put America first , he Donald Trump slow our our and perhaps even pave the way to an American Renaissance in which the truth about race is no longer a taboo . " When future historians write about the    they future historians well quote Clinton ’s speech . It was important . She Clinton a spurious line of influence from Vladimir Putin to Britain ’s Nigel Farage     who addressed a Trump rally in Mississippi on Wednesday     to Trump himself , who is , said Clinton , the agent of the   ’s takeover of the Republican Party .   This is too slick an interpretation . In reality , Farage , the British nationalist , has consistently said   there are profound cultural differences between British British American conservatives , particularly over the importance of religion . Trump , meanwhile , may channel    ideas or provide a platform for them ideas but it ’s not clear that his Trump philosophy is theirs ideas   And Putin ’s supposed influence over    politics is overblown . We ’re in danger of entering McCarthyite waters when anyone who suggests that confrontation with Russia is unnecessary is painted as an agent of foreign influence . Trumpism is not    the    is not Trump , and neither is some plot by the KGB . But Trumpism Trumpism n’t mainstream conservatism either , and neither is the   . Do n’t get me wrong : There ’s a reason why the the   found a home with the Republicans rather than the Democrats . Since the 1960s , the GOP ’s rhetoric has made it a the GOP’s rhetoric natural fit for those who think only    get welfare or that feminists are worse than cancer ( the latter a famous Breitbart headline quoted by Clinton when she mentioned Clinton the Trump campaign ’s new CEO is the executive chairman of Breitbart ) .   But there are angels within the Republican Party , and those with a    understanding of the moral precepts of conservatism resist this trend . Long before Clinton gave Clinton speech , Mitt Romney attacked Trump for his alleged Mitt Romney . Commentators like Ben Shapiro     as far to the right of the sane spectrum you can get without falling off into madness     have condemned his bigotry Mitt Romney .   Conservatism is as hard to define as the   . And at a moment when people are fighting over its meaning , it ’s its to establish what it ’s its .   Conservatism , as mainstream Republicans have long defined it , Conservatism the supremacy of the individual , in limited government and in the noble idea that you and I were created equal . There is no room in that philosophy for the dirty lie of racism . It attaches no room in that philosophy for the dirty lie of racism parasitically no room in that philosophy for the dirty lie of racism it from no room in that philosophy for the dirty lie of racism to time , but is generally shaken off . Hence , Clinton has pulled off a con trick . Yes , she has Clinton folks who needed to be denounced . Yes , she has Clinton conservatives like me to test our conscience regarding Trump . But she has Clinton created an imagined relationship between everyday , mainstream conservatives and the   . Do n’t be fooled . Clinton did Clinton call out the    to save the GOP from it , the    to condemn it by the    . Let me spell it out the    all the clarity I can squeeze from the keyboard . Racism is   . It is Racism . It is Racism . 
 