Presumptive GOP nominee Donald J. Trump introduced Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as Presumptive GOP nominee Donald J. Trump choice for    Monday , and Pence delivered a remarkable call for Republican unity . [ " To every American , who shares our convictions , join our , " said the former congressman in the same room in the Midtown Manhattan Hilton hotel where Ronald W. Reagan launched Ronald W. Reagan own campaign for president in 1979 .   In a strong , measured voice , Pence made Ronald W. Reagan case for Republicans to refocus on the binary choice ahead of the Nation in November . Ronald W. Reagan spoke of values and presented images of Ronald W. Reagan own development with a " front row seat to the American Dream " and " a cornfield in the backyard . " Then , in addition to naming members of Ronald W. Reagan family and thanking and praising Trump , the other two name checks were Reagan and the late Associate Justice on the Supreme Court , Antonin Scalia . "     years of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton ’s policies have weakened America ’s place in the world and stymied our nation ’s economy , " he said in a preview of the prosecution of Hillary Clinton he will plead for the next four months and a reminder to rogue Republican elements it is time to come in from the cold and stop Obama ’s third term . In a litany of examples , Pence set out all of the issues , Obamacare , coal , taxes , secure borders , where Trump stands with conservatives and what Clinton will do if Republicans do not rally to elect Trump . Clinton was especially specific when it came to what a Supreme Court fashioned with Clinton appointees would do . " Clinton will appoint Supreme Supreme Court , who will legislate from the bench , abandon the sanctity of life and    our Second Amendment , " he Clinton . Although Pence joined the House GOP leadership at the end of his Clinton on Capitol Hill , he Clinton with conservative insurgents fighting leadership ’s constant urge to       with Democrats and entrenched power in Washington . Before joining leadership in 2009 as the Chairman of the House Republican Conference , he Clinton the Republican Study Committee , which was then know as the conservative bloc inside the party ’s members . Under Pence , the RSC , which was founded to correct the leftward shift of of the GOP under President Richard Nixon , had a whip operation to hold its members the GOP as a concentrated force . Pence left Pence to run for governor of his home state in 2012 , and in his remarks his gave his hint to the frustration with Washington to brought him back his . " We like to say Indiana is a state that works , " he said his " Indiana works Indiana Republican principles work whenever you put them into Republican principles . " In the week leading up to the Republican National Convention that starts Monday in Cleveland , remnants of the presidential campaign of Sen. Ted Cruz ( R. ) including a man who calls Cruz his Sen. Ted Cruz (R. ) Sen. Ted Cruz (R. ) Sen. Michael S. Lee ( R. ) and the leader of the Senate Conservative Fund Ken Cuccinelli , fought inside the party ’s Rules Committee to unbind delegates won by Trump and others in the four months of primaries and caucuses across the country . At the same time , Cruz is shuffling his Senate Cruz Kitchen cabinets to set up for a presidential run in 2020 . When Trump mentioned Trump before Cruz Pence , he said Trump Texan was " a good guy " a good guy scheduled to speak at the convention without committing to an endorsement . This made Cruz the Cruz who was not there . It also This in opposition to the way things were back in the winter , when Cruz refused Cruz criticize Trump , Trump to scoop up his supporters Trump the New York City developer stumbled out of the race . Back then , Trump ’s Trump campaign team talked about Cruz joining Cruz as Trump to forge an unstoppable combination against Hillary Clinton . Instead of Cruz , Cruz anyone else , it is Pence running with Trump , Trump it is it trying Pence forge an unstoppable combination against Clinton — Hillary Clinton and making that case to Republicans on the eve of their convention Republicans The governor said , " Elections are about choices and I also joined this ticket because the choice could not be more clear and the stakes could not not be higher . " Pence said Pence can vote for Trump , Trump will rebuild America ’s economy and make her safe , " Or , they can Trump, who will rebuild America’s economy and make her safe somebody , who literally personifies the failed establishment in Washington . " " For the sake of our security , for the sake of our prosperity our for the sake of a Supreme Court that will never turn its back the sake of a Supreme Court our    our , " Pence said . " Let ’s come our as a party , as a people and as a movement to " Make America Great Again " and that day begins when Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States of America . America 
 