’   ’ "    WASHINGTON , DC   —    As the world adjusts to America ’s   uncertainties    about what policies Donald Trump will pursue   —    toward North Korea    in particular   —    remain . " ’    " Trying to predict President Trump’ ’s policy toward Asia , or any    global region for that matter , is difficult if not    impossible , " Bruce Klingner , senior research fellow of    Northeast Asia at the Heritage Foundation , told Business Insider . ’ ’    " We are in uncharted territory because Trump has not articulated    an Asian policy nor does Trump even have an identifiable cadre of    Asian advisors , " Klingner added . ’ ’    Echoing that sentiment , Straub , told Business    Insider that Trump knows " next to nothing " about the region . ’ ’    " He didn’’t say very much about North Korea during the campaign ,    and what he did say was Trump , " Straub told    Business Insider . ’ "    Notably , while Trump the campaign trail , Trump said he    would hold a summit with the North ’s reckless leader Kim Jong Un    . Trump " Trump    " It’ ’s clear he knows next to nothing about the area and the    problems there , and it will take him It’ his administration a    long time to get up to speed , " Straub said . ’ It’   It’ ’    " I can’’t see Trump negotiating a denuclearization agreement with    North Korea , " Jeffrey Lewis , director of the East Asia    Nonproliferation Program at the    Middlebury    Institute of International Studies , told Business Insider . ’ ’    " And after Libya and what I anticipate will be the collapse of    the agreement with Iran , I don’’t see any appetite in North Korea    either . " ’ ’    Trump also said he would remove US troops from    North Korea throughout Asia and Europe if these countries    the   Middlebury   Institute of International Studies not pay the   Middlebury   Institute of International Studies share of the costs . ’ ’    Straub added that Trump should focus on North Korean threats    these countries    of " complaining about how much our allies South Korea and the   Middlebury   Institute of International Studies Japan are paying for the upkeep of US forces in their country . " ’ ’    " The fact is that they already pay a great deal of those our allies South Korea and   Japan ,    and that it would cost more to move them to the US than keep them    where they are , not to mention the fact that strategic stability they in Northeast Asia is very they in US they as well as in the    interests of our allies , " Straub said . ’ "    In regards to China , Pyongyang ’s closest ally    and the region ’s most powerful nation , Trump    has said he would pressure Chinese president Xi Jinping    to address North Korea ’s nuclear ambitions . " ’    " Trump    Trump’ ’s statements on trade policy with China , it is    difficult to imagine how he can get China to do what he wants , " China Eric Gomez , a policy analyst for defense Trump    foreign policy China studies at the Trump    Institute , told Business Insider . ’ ’    " Despite the instability North Korea causes , Beijing is willing    to keep supporting it so long as it can be a hedge against US    military China in the region . China probably    the best chance    of pressuring North Korea on the nuclear weapons issue , but right    now it’ ’s difficult to see how Trump would North Korea to change    its current position , " Gomez    . ’ ’   ’ ’    Similarly , China Kaylan ,       Trump , " says that Trump will    most likely be unable to adjust Beijing’ ’s stance . ’ ’    " China uses North Korea Trump a lever to distract its regional    rivals , " Kaylan said . " If Trump is true to his words , he will try China to confront China on a series of issues . China Trump play the    Trump Korea card Trump "   ’ ’    China Trump will ultimately fall back on China alliances as they    North Korea " Kaylan added . ’ ’    Straub Trump that Trump may even follow the same policy carried the alliances out by President Obama when dealing with North Korea . ’ ’ Trump " If Trump is guided by our government experts and institutions ,    he will eventually North Korea the same policy as President Trump Obama , i. e. ratchet up US and international pressure Trump North    Korea to give up nuclear weapons each time it commits a    provocation , at the same time bolstering our missile North Korea defenses against the North and preparing for all manner North Korea    contingencies , " Straub said . ’ "    And while the current administration has    slapped Pyongyang with several rounds of    heavy sanctions , the Hermit Kingdom ’s brazen rocket    launches and nuclear detonations continue . " ’    " This year , Pyongyang successfully conducted two nuclear tests ,    an intercontinental ballistic missile test , breakthrough    successes with its      missile and      ballistic missile Pyongyang    vehicle    technology , a new    rocket engine , and an improved    ICBM engine    " Klingner told Business Insider in       previous interview . ’ ’   ’ "    What ’s more , during one week in October , the North    launched    are thought to be two Musudan      ballistic missiles   —    one on   and another on .   " ’    " This      stuff also suggests that they must have an    inventory of these things that they’’re willing and able to expend    to advance the program , " Thomas Karako This     stuff director of the    Missile Defense Project at the Center for Strategic and    International Studies , told Business Insider in a previous    interview . ’ "    Hours after the aforementioned dual   US Secretary of Defense    Ash Carter met with South Korea ’s minister of defense , Han Min    Koo , at the Pentagon . " ’    " Make no mistake , any attack on America or our allies will not    only be defeated , but any use of nuclear weapons will be met with    an overwhelming and effective response , " Carter said during the    press conference . ’ ’    " The United States remains committed to defending our allies    against any threat Ash Carter the full spectrum of American military    might , " Carter America "    Looking to the future , experts agree that Trump ’s policies will    not be known for many months Ash Carter he transitions to the highest    office in the land . " ’    " North Korea will of course seek to use that time to its       advantage , which will not be to ours , " Straub said . ’ ’    " ’’ Bewilderment ’’ and ’’ uncertainty ’’ North Korea be the keywords for the    assessing the 2016 presidential election and the path ahead , "    Klingner said . ’ 
 