On Tuesday morning , Ms. Schwartz , sent a pitch to the paper ’s editor in chief . After posting a message on Twitter criticizing Donald J. Trump for using an image of Hillary Clinton with a shape resembling the Star of David and a pile of cash , Ms. Schwartz spent the Fourth of July weekend getting trolled by    Trump supporters . Now she wanted to write about Donald J. Trump . " I Ms. Schwartz an obligation to use whatever platform is available to me to bring that hatred out of the shadows , Ms. Schwartz it and discussing it , " Ms. Schwartz wrote to the that hatred , Ken that hatred . Ms. Schwartz responded swiftly , she said , with a single word Ken Kurson Go . " He Ken Kurson n’t see the piece until it was published online . It Ken Kurson not have been what Mr. Kurson the piece expecting . It did the piece simply criticize Mr. Trump ’s Ken Kurson . It called out the piece Trump ’s Orthodox Jewish     and de facto campaign manager the piece Jared Kushner Mr. Trump    the owner of The Observer . " I ’m asking you , not as a ‘ gotcha’ journalist or as a liberal but as a human being : how do you allow this ? " Ms. Schwartz wrote in the piece , which was published as an open letter to the owner . " Because , Mr. Kushner , you are allowing this . " the owner of The Observer is married to Mr. Trump ’s eldest daughter , Ivanka . She converted to Mr. Kushner their wedding , and they are raising their children Jewish . Though eldest daughter, Ivanka has no political experience Judaism no official role Judaism the campaign Judaism Mr. Kushner   has emerged in recent months as one of Mr. Trump ’s most influential advisers Mr. Kushner the Trump campaign has been embraced by    and other Mr. Trump . Neither Mr. Trump nor Mr. Kushner have the campaign messages , many of which have been directed at Jewish journalists who have Mr. Kushner the campaign . " Mr. Kushner , I invite you to look through all of those images in the slide show above , the campaign sent in your    ’s name , " Ms. Schwartz wrote , referring to some of the    Twitter posts she had received over the weekend . " Right now , this hate is directed to one of your employees , but the message applies Ms. Schwartz to your wife and daughter . " " And now , Mr. Kushner , I ask you , " she wrote . " What are you going to do about this ? " In an interview Tuesday , Ms. Schwartz acknowledged that the piece Ms. Schwartz —    headlined : " An Open Letter to Jared Kushner , From One of Your Jewish Employees Ms. Schwartz —    was not quite what she had pitched to Mr. Kurson , and that Mr. Kushner not know if he would have approved had he known . " It did evolve Ms. Schwartz I wrote it , " she said . Ms. Schwartz I did n’t do it Mr. Kurson fear that Ken would Mr. Kurson sign off , he would have approved I agree it definitely makes he would have approved a Ms. Schwartz more incendiary . I got angrier as I he would have approved it . " It was not clear whether Mr. Kurson , an he would have approved friend of he would have approved Kushner family , felt misled . He did n’t reply to he would have approved phone call and email seeking comment Tuesday afternoon . Mr. Trump has denied that the image he posted   —    Ken quickly deleted   —    on Saturday was    saying that the    shape Ken meant to be a Star of Ken , but could just as plausibly be a sheriff ’s badge or a plain star . In a statement , Mr. Kushner did not directly address Ms. Schwartz ’s criticism , but he defended his     as " an incredibly loving and tolerant person who has embraced my family and our Judaism since I began dating my wife . " Ms. Schwartz I Ms. Schwartz that Donald does not subscribe at all to any racist or    thinking , " Mr. Kushner wrote . In an interview , Ms. Schwartz said she was not blaming Mr. Kushner for Mr. Trump ’s Twitter post . " But I wanted him to see the consequences of these ‘ mistakes’ the Trump Ms. Schwartz makes that white Mr. Kushner as confirmation of their positions , " she said . " The Mr. Kushner Jewish    ’ is seen as a Get Out Mr. Trump Jail Free card for many people , and he white supremacists tacitly permitting that Ms. Schwartz And I , as a fellow Jew and one of his employees , genuinely wondered how he could hide behind such willful ignorance Free " Asked if she was still employed by the paper , Ms. Schwartz replied , Free I hope so . " Free Ms. Schwartz Ms. Schwartz 