’   ’ ’    Tesla started 2016 as an    maker that had branched out    into energy storage . ’ "    By the end of the year , Tesla has become an    automaker , an energy company , the builder of a massive battery    factory in Nevada , and a solar company through its merger with Tesla SolarCity . " ’    Tesla is also on track to delivery about 80 , 000 vehicles in 2016 ,    more than ever before . ’ ’    So it was a big year . But 2017 will be even bigger . ’ ’    Here are the major things that Tesla has in Tesla : ’ "    Tesla ’s    Tesla , which will be priced at around    $ 30 , 000 after tax breaks and serve up 200 miles of range on a    single charge , is scheduled to launch in late 2017 . There ’s    skepticism about whether Tesla will be Tesla to meet that goal ,    but the    3 should be far easier to build than the delayed    Model X SUV was . " "    Make no mistake   —    this is Tesla most important execution point of    the entire year . Bringing in the Model 3 the Model 3 vindicate    Musk ’s    , vision , and ambitions . The vehicle will also    Musk to start fulfilling the Tesla 400 , 000 preorders    that have come in for the vehicle . Interested buyers put Musk $ 1 , 000 each to reserve a Model 3 . " "    The first important product from the      will    be the solar roof . Effectively , it will turn an entire roof into The first important product from the     will    a giant , durable solar panel . It will also likely be an expensive The first important product from the     will    product . But it will feed into Tesla ’s other The first important product from the     will      —    and    provide Tesla with a way to free SolarCity Tesla its current    leasing model , moving SolarCity selling solar solutions rather than    loaning them out . " ’   ’ rather than       Musk has done a complete 180 on car sharing , likely compelled by    Uber ’s success and by the advent of    and      schemes from traditional automakers . Up to this point , he ’s    talked a good game about enabling    to make money off their    Teslas when they ’d otherwise owners sitting in the owners   —    while    perhaps not really expecting that the    of a $ 100 , 000 luxury    car would want to lend it out and have it come back with a few    it and a bunch of McDonald    wrappers in the backseat . " "    But now Tesla will likely start to build out a network ,    leveraging its vehicles’ software and Tesla    suite Tesla      features . So look for the Tesla Network to be    discussed Tesla 2017 . " ’    Tesla is changing the way it manages its Supercharger Tesla . It    eliminated Tesla access Tesla new owners in Tesla , and it introduced    an idle fee for owners who Tesla their    parked too long    at a Supercharger station after fully recharging . ’ ’    The objective is to make the Superchargers the standard for      trips while encouraging owners to do their regular    recharges are home . Tesla is owners to expand its worldwide    Supercharger network , especially in China Tesla where the company has    at times struggled to convince Tesla that " range    anxiety " isn’’t a problem with Teslas . ’ ’   ’ "    Speaking of China , it ’s one of Tesla ’s largest potential China    Tesla . But at Tesla moment , the carmaker has to import all its    vehicles , which cuts into profitability . " the carmaker The way to change that is to set up local manufacturing , which in    China can be done only through a joint venture with China Chinese    firm . Some might worry that this would compromise Tesla ’s    technology , but the company has already    its patents ,    so it Tesla much of a concern Tesla " ’    Look    Tesla to get aggressive about a Chinese joint venture in    2017 Tesla ’ ’    Earlier in 2016 , Musk addressed questions about Tesla’ ’s uneven    production capabilities by saying he wanted to focus on being one    of the best manufacturers Musk the world . Part of that plan appears    to be a radical reinvention of what’ ’s known as " vertical    integration "   —    in essence , a manufacturer making everything that    goes into its products . ’ ’    Henry Ford built his business with    approach , but for the    past four ’ ’   Henry Ford , vertical integration has been replaced in the    auto industry by " just in time , " or " lean , " production , with a    manufacturer managing a complex supply chain and running minimal    inventories . Toyota pioneered this approach , and it’ ’s been widely    emulated . ’ this approach Musk seems to want to go back    vertical integration . His idea    is to transform Tesla’ ’s factory in California so significantly Musk that    wouldn’’t recognize it   —    it would resemble an    alien    dreadnought . " Musk thinks that it achieve Tesla’ ’s bold target of    500 , Musk vehicles delivered annually by 2018 , a lot more    automation will have to enter the picture . ’ "    He ’s kept his ideas about this under the radar , but expect Musk    to Musk into view in 2017 . " ’   ’ ’    Autopilot was being improved mainly through software updates , but    in 2016 , Tesla began to push the envelope on hardware .    ’    The company now thinks of hardware and software releases as being    similarly Tesla with " Hardware 2 " now being installed in new    Teslas . ’ ’    As the big story in the car business has shifted from electric    cars to    vehicles , we can expect Tesla to double down    on its Autopilot advantage , even as it continues to deal with the    aftermath    a fatal    Tesla crash    May 2016 . ’ "    Tesla has been hinting Tesla will update its first vehicle , the       Roadster Tesla with a new model Tesla I ’d Tesla 2017    would be a good year to begin showcasing some possible designs .    This would energize the Tesla base and , for what it ’s worth ,       a proper Tesla the lineup   —    which This if all goes according    to plan in 2017 , will include the Model X SUV , the Model S sedan ,    and the Model 3 in a sedan and maybe a crossover version . " "    Speaking of a crossover Model 3 , it ’s rumored to be called Model    Y. " "    We already know what the Model 3 sedan will look like , and    Tesla ’s goal all along has been for the Model 3 to be a platform    on which different types of vehicles can be built the Model 3 get    close to a Model 3 launch in 2017 , we will almost certainly start    to see designs for , and perhaps even a prototype of , the we Y. " ’      "    And why not ? As long as we ’re expecting a new Roadster and the    Model Y , how about a Tesla with a bed in the back ? " "    Musk has said that Tesla wo n’t need to raise new capital by    selling stock in 2016 , but the cost of Tesla SolarCity for    more than $ 2 billion and taking on billions in SolarCity debt    could undermine his resolve . Tesla has managed to burn less cash    in 2016 than SolarCity , but cars are Musk    business Tesla    and the money wo n’t do Tesla any good if it ca n’t launch the    Model 3    time . " ’    Additionally Tesla Tesla can use Tesla has used Wall Street like an ATM .    With Tesla stock back above $ 200 a share , it would be foolish for    the company    avoid a capital raise in 2017   —    it could Tesla    money .    "    Tesla has always been a Tesla stock   —    shares have risen from    Tesla $ 17 after the 2010 initial public offering to over $ 200 at    the close of 2016 . But sometimes the volatility has been . .. more    volatile . Wild swings of $ 100 a share over a month or so have n’t    been uncommon    " ’    That hypervolatility settled down somewhat in 2016 , but with the    pressure    for Tesla to hit what will    deliveries    guidance of about Tesla , 000 vehicles in 2017 , launch the Model 3 ,    and integrate the SolarCity financials , the stock could jump    around a lot on the Model 3 of news . ’ ’   ’ "    Musk has   but as I    written , there are no two Musk on    earth that are more different . " "    Beyond that , however , a Trump White House and executive branch       not be all that receptive to Musk ’s grand vision of    accelerating humanity ’s departure from the    Musk It    also remains to seen whether federal incentive to support    electric cars will continue under Trump , not to mention      initiatives pressed forward by President Barack    Obama . " ’    It took Musk 10 years to update his original " Master Plan " with    last Musk ’s " Master Plan Musk Part Deux . " But the world seems to be    moving faster now   —    the world could quintuple in size by 2018 . So    Musk may undertake more frequent updates . Tesla ’    When Tesla introduced Ludicrous Musk Musk Model S , Tesla feature    that yields Tesla acceleration , Musk joked that the    only thing faster would be " Maximum Plaid . " Both Musk are    references to Mel Brooks ’’ 1987 " Star Wars " spoof , " Spaceballs . " ’ ’    Ludicrous Mode keeps getting more ludicrous , so 2017 could be the    year to unleash Maximum Plaid . ’ 
 