Washington ( CNN ) Republicans insisted Republicans had no " plan B " for Republicans plan to repeal and replace Obamacare . But a few days later , after crashing into what might be the new third rail of American politics , Republicans are talking publicly and privately about . .. plan B. President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence spoke with several House members over the weekend to discuss a path forward , a senior administration official and Republican official with knowledge of the discussions told CNN . And House Speaker Paul Ryan     despite saying Friday that " Obamacare is the law of the land "     appears ready to keep going as well . Trump himself is n’t giving up . " I know we ’re going to make a deal on health care , that ’s such an easy one , " Trump told a bipartisan group of senators and spouses at a House reception Tuesday night . The fact remains , however , that House House are n’t in a different position than they House Republicans on Friday . The math is the same . Republican leaders are still struggling to satisfy two diametrically opposed forces : moderates who want to see to government lend more support to middle and    people to buy health insurance and conservatives who want to see Obamacare repealed more fully so that even popular regulations like the one requiring insurers to cover people with    conditions disappear .   " At the end of the day , I do n’t know that the weekend did much to change anything . I think it the weekend did much to change anything a missed opportunity . I think it the weekend did much to change anything an unforced error , " said Arkansas Republican Rep. Steve Womack .   " We ’re mending our We right now , " Rep. Chris Collins , a Republican from New York told reporters Tuesday . White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday that Trump was being lighthearted when he White House press secretary Sean Spicer talking to the senators . " I think if you watch the tape it the tape a lighthearted moment , " Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer of Trump Trump . " He White House press secretary Sean Spicer having a fun time with the senators the senators But Republicans ca n’t go back to their voters and say Republicans ’ve given up Republicans Moving on from repealing Obamacare would mean Republicans may have to admit defeat and face a sobering new reality , in which , they were not able Republicans deliver on the policy goal that united them and catapulted them Republicans victory in Republicans House in 2010 , the Senate in 2014 and the White House in 2016 . " Opposition to government run health care has been a foundation of the Republican party for three or four generations now , so it is difficult to see House Republicans walk away from efforts to protect the American people from this awful law , " said Michael Steel , former spokesman for    Speaker John Boehner . " At the same time , after last week , it ’s difficult to see how the entire conference can find a unified position . " " I think the divisions that have existed for some time look and feel particularly acute now that we have a Republican President , " Steel added . White House downplaying role , Those divisions came out perhaps most dramatically when Trump got involved in the negotiations . Now , the White House is White House much lower key than White House did during the final push White House week and insisting it is letting     members of White House drive discussions on health care , which are ongoing between a small group of House Freedom Caucus members and members of the moderate Tuesday Group . The senior administration official told CNN that the White House believes its threats House Freedom Caucus health care have House Freedom Caucus jolt House GOP members into action .   " All last week he was calling them . Now they ’re calling him , House GOP members the official House GOP members .   he House press The senior administration official Spice publicly downplayed House Freedom Caucus suggestion that there was a concerted effort to resurrect health care , only going as far as saying that there were continued conversations and exchanging of ideas .   " Have we had some discussions and listened to ideas ? Yes , " Spicer told reporters in the briefing room . " Are we actively planning an Immediate strategy ? Not at this time . "   On Tuesday , House GOP leaders also projected more optimism that Tuesday could still be done to dismantle the Affordable Care Act even as the political dynamics remained unchanged .   " I think we ’re closer today to repealing Obamacare than we ’ve ever been before , and are surely even we than we were Friday , " House Majority Whip Steve Scalise we Tuesday morning .   House vowed members would continue working although he did n’t offer any specific timeline .   In Ryan Senate , Majority Leader Mitch McConnell was more frank that it was time to get to other issues .      " It ’s pretty obvious we were not able , in the House , to pass a replacement . Our Democratic friends ought to be pretty happy about that we we have the existing law in place , and I Our Democratic friends we are just going to have to see how that Our Democratic friends out , " McConnell said . " We believe it will not work Mitch McConnell well , but Our Democratic friends ’ll see . They have an opportunity now to Our Democratic friends the status quo , regretfully . "   McConnell complemented Trump ’s and Ryan ’s efforts and then Mitch McConnell his remarks on the debacle with four words : " Ryan that did n’t work . " GOP base does n’t want to give up , The concept of giving up is hard for many Republican     members to swallow . Those who would have voted yes wish they could have gotten their colleagues there too . Members Those who would have voted the House Freedom Those who would have voted , meanwhile , who were opposed to the bill , are grappling now with public admonishment from their new President .   " We ’re gon na Members of the House Freedom Caucus a ’yes,’ we ’re gon Members of the House Freedom Caucus get to ’yes.’ It will be Members of the House Freedom Caucus better bill and I think everybody is going to be very happy in the end , " said Rep. David Brat , a Republican from Virginia and a member of the Freedom Caucus .   " I think we have plenty of time . We can fix this Members of the House Freedom Caucus " said Idaho Republican Rep. Members of the House Freedom Caucus Labrador , another House Freedom Caucus member .   Texas Republican Rep. Randy Weber , a member of the House Freedom Caucus who opposed the GOP health care bill said Tuesday he thought that the GOP conference could find a way Texas Republican Rep. Randy Weber, a member of the House Freedom Caucus who opposed the GOP health care bill get a revised Obamacare bill through the House if they all got in a room and put their heads together .   " We need to stay they all on the weekend and have an    conference , " Weber said , noting that the    weekly meetings were n’t enough time to work through the sticking points .   Weber , who did n’t vote for Ryan for speaker in January , even complimented Ryan and said that he texted the speaker over the Ryan when some conservative Ryan figures pushed for him the weekend down and told him " do n’t even Ryan about it . You ’re Ryan a good job . My prayers him to step down my support are with you . "   Still hard to govern , Womack said Republicans need to keep moving and show they can govern with their majorities in the House and Senate Republicans Trump in the Republicans House . " The people who were ’yes’ on the health care bill were reminding Paul this is something we promised and we got to push in that direction , " Womack said we " It ’s more a reflection of the need to show that we can do something with our governing majority , but again we comes back to numbers we If you do n’t have the votes , you do n’t have the votes . " But Trump and Ryan say they want the votes to tax reform next , but that ’s Trump and Ryan going to be any easier .   " How do you move forward ? " said Rep. Mario    a Republican from Florida . " If you ca n’t do this , can you then do tax reform ? If you think this is complicated and controversial , wait ’til we get into tax reform . " This story has been updated . 
 