Although the historic nature of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ’s visit to Pearl Harbor this week is stressed by both American and Japanese officials , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s is not actually the first Prime Minister of Japan to make such a visit . [ Japan ’s The Mainichi daily reports Tokyo has confirmed three of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s predecessors made Pearl Pearl Harbor in the 1950s , despite public announcements that Abe Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s be the first .   Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said the Japanese Foreign Ministry has " confirmed materials " documenting visits by Shigeru Yoshida , Ichiro Hatoyama , and Nobusuke Kishi , who was Shinzo Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s . Photographs of Hatoyama and Kishi ’s visits were published by Japanese media last week , producing a bit of a stir among the public , due to unequivocal statements by their government that Abe Photographs of Hatoyama and Kishi’s visits the Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s sitting PM to make such a visit . Abe will certainly Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s the first Japanese Prime Minister to Japanese public tribute at the USS Arizona memorial . " Prime Minister Abe Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s the Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s to mourn the victims jointly with a U. S. president , " added Suga . The Associated Press recounts Prime Minister Shigeru Yoshida ’s visit in 1951 , just six years after Japan surrendered in World War II . He was on his way home Prime Minister Shigeru Yoshida signing a Prime Minister Shigeru Yoshida peace treaty in San Francisco , and asked to pay a courtesy call on Admiral Arthur Radford , commander of the U. S. Pacific Fleet . The meeting was a little tense at first , because Radford ’s office overlooked the wreckage of the Arizona , but his Scottish terrier broke the ice Prime Minister Shigeru Yoshida making friends with dog fancier Yoshida . " Years later , Yoshida told Radford ’s wife how Yoshida was Radford’s he walked into Yoshida office after seeing Yoshida Harbor , and how happy he was that the dog was able Yoshida settle him dog " the AP writes . Yoshida New York Times notes in a report on the significance of Abe ’s    visit to Pearl Harbor that Japanese students of today are Pearl Harbor little about the attack . " Most young people do n’t know much about the war , " said history teacher Katsutoshi Chujo . " They know about Japan as a victim in Hiroshima Most young people Nagasaki and the Tokyo air raids . " " Several textbooks used in public schools describe it as a surprise attack on the United States that followed a long campaign in China . But a textbook that takes a more nationalist view and that has been approved by the Education Ministry portrays the attacks as being forced by American demands and describes Japan as waging a war of ‘ ’ " the New York Times reports . The NYT also observes that while Japanese " nationalist right wing " groups scuttled Emperor Akihito ’s plans to visit the USS Arizona memorial in 1994 , those quarters of the Japanese political spectrum seem comfortable with Abe finally making a public visit , with one Japanese " " paper editorializing that it would present " an opportunity to refresh a commitment to deepen the U. S.   friendship and contribute peace to the world through a tranquil ceremony . " Bloomberg News   —    which quietly acknowledges the fresh details about    PM visits in the past by describing Abe ’s visit as " the first by a sitting Japanese prime minister in decades "   —    anticipates he will use the event to kick off a Abe focused more heavily on foreign policy and diplomacy than domestic economic concerns . Like the New York Times , Bloomberg mentions that Japanese politicians are nervous about    Donald Trump ’s criticism that U. S. allies are not shouldering enough of the burden for their defense , especially with the growing Chinese threat U. S. allies the South and East China Seas . Trump ’s critique of the    Partnership trade deal Donald Trump also mentioned as a cause for concern by Abe , who strongly supports TPP . This transforms Abe , " long seen as a nationalist and Abe " in Bloomberg ’s estimation , into a champion of globalism and internationalism . It will interesting to see what he ’s prepared to do , in order to Abe a relationship with the United States grown more vital than ever , beginning with what he ’s prepared to say at the USS Arizona Abe . 
 