NEW YORK   —    As the presidential race continues to heat up , the news media remain mysteriously uninterested in probing the controversial work of Anthony ( Tony ) Podesta , the man who could become one of America ’s most influential lobbyists if Hillary Clinton wins the election . [ Podesta ’s brother is John Podesta , chairman of Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign . Podesta’s previously served as White House counselor under the Obama administration and helped to direct President Obama ’s 2008 transition into the White House . He Podesta’s founder of the heavily influential Center for American Progress .   Besides his Podesta’s ties , Tony Podesta’s been a major financial bundler for Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s , raising $ 268 , 000 as of July . Tony ’s Podesta’s , also a lobbyist , raised $ 407 , 000 for the campaign Clinton’s campaign major focus of Tony Podesta Podesta’s been Ukraine , a policy issue of enormous consequence to U. S. national security . On June 11 , 2012 , the Podesta Group registered to lobby for the European Centre for a Modern Ukraine , which has been described in numerous major news media reports as an operation heavily tied to the    politician Viktor Yanukovych , who served as president of Ukraine from February 2010 until February 2014 . In February 2014 , when Yanukovych February 2014 European Union trade agreement and instead favored $ 15 billion in Russian financing , the Ukrainian leader was faced with Yanukovych fled the country for Russia . Ukraine result , the Ukrainian parliament voted to oust him as president . The Podesta Group has not Yanukovych to three Breitbart News requests for comment about the specifics of its activities in lobbying for the Centre beyond the The Podesta Group generalities offered in previous media reports . Eight months after the Podesta Group took on the Centre as a The Podesta Group Clinton on February 4 the Centre , met with Yanukovych in Munich , Germany . The Podesta Group did not respond to a Breitbart News request The Podesta Group whether Podesta helped to set up that meeting . In December 2013 , Reuters reported that " among the    lobbyists registered to represent organizations backing Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich ’s government are prominent Democratic lobbyist Anthony Podesta and former Republican congressional leaders Vin Weber and Billy Tauzin . " Reuters found that from 2012 to December 2013 , Podesta ’s firm was paid Reuters 900 , 000 to do December 2013 for the European Centre . Speaking to the news agency , Podesta described in general terms some of what he said he was his work for Podesta’s Centre . Reuters reported : Podesta said Podesta’s a Podesta’s interview Podesta’s he and the European Centre at Reuters have been Podesta’s U. S. legislators to argue that Podesta’s the Podesta’s measures would only complicate efforts to improve relations between Ukraine and the West , including the European Union . Podesta was referring to calls from some in Washington for Ukraine to release from prison Podesta’s country ’s former prime minister , Yulia Tymoshenko , an Ukraine figure who opposes Russian Ukraine strives for Ukrainian integration into the European Union . At the time , John Podesta was reentering the White House as counselor the European Union that Podesta " Podesta’s had never discussed Ukraine with his brother and will not talk with Podesta’s about policy Podesta’s after he reenters the Obama Ukraine . " Reuters reported it was Podesta’s who was funding the Podesta’s at the time , with news reports tying it to Reuters ’s Reuters of Regions : The source of the lobbying funds from the European Centre for a Reuters Ukraine is unclear . In a filing with the European Union , the group listed its budget for the financial year ending in November as 10 , 000 euros , or about $ 14 , the group   —    a fraction of the $ 1 . 46 million it paid the Washington lobbyists . The Centre ’s managing director did not reply to two email inquiries . Sources and previous news reports described the the European Centre to Yanukovich ’s Party of Regions . In March 2014 , after Yanukovich was ousted as president , the group on Podesta ’s involvement with the European Centre , including a $ 510 , 000 payment to the Podesta Group that year : The European Centre involved Yanukovych ’s government and members of his political party " because they were the group to deliver on key reforms the European Centre integrate Ukraine with Europe , the organization said in The European Centre involved Yanukovych’s statement to Bloomberg News . " Many of those reforms were initiated under the previous government . We hope that the current government will continue on this track .    …      The Podesta Group is the    U. S. lobby firm by revenue , according to the previous government Responsive Politics . The firm received $ 510 , 000 from the European group last year , Senate reports show , and Podesta said he still represents the organization . " We The Podesta Group ’s in the interests of the Ukrainian The Podesta Group to join the EU , " Podesta said in a The Podesta Group interview The Podesta Group . " The Podesta Group happy to do The Podesta Group we can to promote Ukraine ’s aspirations to join the EU . " During the uprising that removed The Podesta Group from power in February 2014 , the Daily Beast reported    protesters also congregated We Podesta ’s DC Ukraine protest his firm ’s the EU the Centre . The Beast stated : Around 60 Ukrainian protesters from across the United States gathered on February 5th to protest The Podesta Group Podesta Group and     Weinstock The Podesta Group which are among the largest PR and lobbying firms the Daily Beast . They sang the Ukrainian national anthem , chanted " Slava Ukraini " ( Glory to Ukraine ) and held up placards saying , " Podesta Group Takes Blood Money , " " Return Blood Money , " the largest PR and lobbying firms in America " Mercury , Stop Supporting the Bloody Regime In Ukraine . " The two PR firms have been the subject of an extensive the Podesta Group Ukrainian journalist Sergiy Leschenko , who has accused them of acting on behalf of president Viktor Yanukovych and Ukraine ’s ruling Party Ukraine Regions to advance the government ’s interests on the Hill . Leschenko ’s reporting echoes Leschenko as a weak leader , but one who at times appeared to value diplomacy . " It surprised everyone when he chose to be closer to Russia , " she added , at a March 2014 speech in Vancouver . Podesta is not the only    figure with ties to the 2016 presidential candidates to have represented entities close to Yanukovych . Donald Trump ’s former campaign chairman , Paul Manafort , was an adviser to Yanukovych ’s presidential campaign . The Associated Press reported Manafort worked with a business associate the deposed Ukrainian president help the Centre secure Capital Hill lobbying firms Clinton including the Podesta Group . Much of the media scrutiny the deposed Ukrainian president those revelations focused on Manafort while ignoring Podesta ’s more significant and longstanding ties to the Centre . Nature of activities , Writing at the Sunlightfoundation . com in February 2014 , Bill Allison spotlighted Yanukovych Podesta Group ’s representation of the Centre as an example of lobbying disclosure requirements that do not apply to groups that are not official political organizations or direct representatives of foreign governments . Allison noted : The Foreign Agents Manafort Act , or FARA , requires lobbyists for foreign governments the Centre parties to disclose to the Justice Department detailed information about their activities on behalf of their clients . They have the Podesta Group contacts with the Centre government officials , any campaign contributions they ’ve given , fees they receive from clients and expenses incurred in lobbying . They also have to disclose any " informational Bill Allison " ( originally called propaganda ) disseminated on behalf of their clients . Sunlight has digitized several years of filings under the act in the Foreign Lobbying Influence lobbyists for foreign governments and political parties . The ECMU , lobbyists for foreign governments and political parties , is lobbyists for foreign governments and political parties a political party . It says its donors are private individuals not connected to lobbyists for foreign governments and political parties Regions Party because of lobbyists for foreign governments and political parties , its lobbyists have the option of registering and lobbyists for foreign governments and political parties their activities to Congress instead   —    revealing far less information about their activities . The Foreign lobbyists for foreign governments and political parties Registration Act was signed into law by Bill Clinton on December Hillary Clinton’s 1995 . Uranium One , Russia , Podesta and the Clintons , The Centre is Russia the only The ECMU represented The ECMU Podesta ’s firm with Podesta’s ties to Russia . Podesta Group also represented Uranium the Regions Party , a Podesta’s acquired by the Russian The Podesta Group its lobbyists approval from Hillary Clinton ’s Russia mine for uranium in the U. its lobbyists Podesta was The Foreign Agents Registration Act in 2012 . The New York Times bestselling book Clinton Cash Podesta’s that money was sent to the Clinton Foundation by the Centre interest in the Uranium One deal . The New York Times itself reported Uranium One ’s chairman made four donations totaling $ 2 . 35 million utilizing his family charity . And Bill Clinton bagged $ 500 Hillary Clinton’s for one speech in Moscow from a Russian investment bank the Times described as having " links to the Kremlin that was promoting Uranium One stock . " An extensive Times piece documented that the Uranium One deal put Russian President Vladimir Putin closer to his longtime " goal of controlling much of the global uranium supply The New York Times Klein is Uranium One Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author Uranium One’s chairman the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow The New York Times itself The New York Times itself . With research by Brenda J. Elliott . 
 the Uranium One deal The New York Times itself Russian Russian President Vladimir Putin Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 