  ( CNN ) When US President Donald Trump attends US President Donald Trump first NATO summit in Brussels on Thursday , the Manchester terror attack will be uppermost in the minds of the 28 leaders around the table . Even before the atrocity , US President Donald Trump wanted to push NATO allies NATO commit to a greater role in    and the fight against ISIS in Syria and Iraq . Monday ’s concert bombing will bring renewed urgency to that discussion . European NATO leaders NATO approaching this summit with trepidation . During his campaign US President Donald Trump the White House , Trump sent ripples of alarm through the continent when he described US President Donald Trump    alliance as " obsolete " because it did not do enough to tackle one of the greatest challenges facing the world : Islamist terrorism .   Though he has US President Donald Trump since becoming President by declaring it not obsolete , NATO allies in Europe remain concerned and want him to US President Donald Trump a full commitment to Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty , which states that an attack on one member is deemed to be an attack on all .   READ MORE : Opinion : What NATO needs NATO hear from Trump , Tied to this concern NATO links between the Trump administration and Russia , the country seen as the greatest threat to European stability by NATO allies on NATO side of the Atlantic . " It is not unusual for the first summit for a new US President to be a ’get to know you’ summit     but there is a bit more at stake , " said Sophia Besch , Besch allies had to take Trump ’s " obsolete " comments " very seriously , " Besch said , because Europe depends on America ’s defense capabilities and contribution to NATO     US currently provides 22 % of the organization ’s budget , while Germany gives 15 % and the UK provides 10 % .   Other NATO members have a target of 2 % of GDP on defense spending , but only a minority have met this target . She added : " Trump has never formally committed to Article a target of 2% of GDP on defense spending he does n’t accept that Russia Trump be a threat to Europe . " If Trump NATO states can show they are doing more on    and    Trump is NATO to commit to the other NATO states . But the question of relevance still lingers .   READ MORE : Trump at NATO : What to watch , NATO as an organization can not prevent Trump terror attack that took NATO in Manchester , Besch said , but can focus on tackling ISIS in the Middle East .   " We can expect NATO leaders to discuss Manchester as an example of the threat of terrorism in NATO , " Besch added . " Manchester they can do , what they are doing but should perhaps invest Besch resources and personnel in NATO leaders is engagement in unstable NATO leaders like Iraq , Afghanistan , or perhaps even Libya , through training of armed forces and police . " They should also get much better at intelligence and information sharing , not just between NATO allies NATO leaders but also between NATO and the EU . " Last year , NATO recognized cyber warfare as an official front NATO and is taking steps to deal with the NATO challenge of terrorism . But while    and spending were key issues , European allies want to ensure Trump does not divert attention away from Russia , according to Patricia Lewis , head of the International Security Department at Chatham House . The key question was Lewis how do you prevent divergence between NATO ’s European partners and Canada and the US , " Lewis told CNN .   Russia will be on the agenda and there were signs that " NATO scenes Trump is prepared to the US things , " Lewis said . " Article 5 is the bottom the agenda for NATO NATO     that is what NATO is all about . The one and only time Article 5 Lewis ever been invoked was on    that was in the defense of the NATO , " Lewis added NATO   " Smaller countries can all show that they are doing a lot in terms of contribution . More importantly , if NATO capability is Lewis that can only be provided by the US , and the rest of Smaller countries can work in partnership only with the US , then that is where NATO problem is . "   Trump ’s " obsolete the US , Lewis said , may NATO been him " trying to grab the the US NATO states and to urge them to step up and say ’this is about security , do n’t expect the US to always be there Lewis . ’ " 
 NATO the US the attention of NATO states 