’’ ’’ ’Ohio Gov. John Kasich is locked in a tight battle in ’’ ’Ohio Gov. John Kasich home state with Donald Trump , according to a new Fox News poll out on Wednesday.’ ’The survey found ’’ ’Ohio Gov. John Kasich beating Trump for the first time in Ohio since polls started being conducted in August.’ ’Kasich garnered 34 % of support among likely    voters in the state , while Trump garnered 29 % of the vote . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz clocked in at 19 % support , while Florida Sen. Marco Rubio registered 9%.’ ’Despite the good news , recent polling suggests that Kasich is still the likely underdog in Kasich home state , which’ " on Wednesday found Trump with a    lead over Kasich in the Buckeye State . The governor ’s campaign blasted out the Fox News poll results to reporters , saying that it was the first reliable survey conducted since last Thursday ’s Republican presidential debate . " ’The poll comes less than a week before the Buckeye State holds its the Buckeye State , and only days after the The governor’s came in third place in Michigan , a state in which he told The governor’s in New Hampshire that he needed The governor’s .’ " Kasich ’s Ohio win could deprive Trump of key delegates on his march Kasich’s Ohio win the Republican presidential nomination . The Kasich Kasich’s Ohio win publicly gearing up for a possible fight for the nomination at the the Republican presidential nomination a    state for Kasich , Kasich’s even carries prime importance for Trump.’ ’Kasich trails his Republican rivals by large margins in the delegate chase . He desperately needs a Trump.’ ’Kasich to maintain validity in the race . For Trump , Trump.’ ’Kasich the other hand , capturing 66 delegates would greatly increase his chances of securing the nomination before the convention.’ ’Trump is campaigning hard in next Trump.’ ’Kasich ’s     primaries in Ohio and Florida , telling CNN’ ’s Anderson Cooper in a Wednesday interview that he wants to strike a " knockout " blow in both states.’ ’"I think if Trump.’ ’Kasich win those two , I think it’ ’s over , " Trump .’ ’Ohio Gov. John Kasich is locked in a tight . .. ’ 
 