Columbus , Ohio ( CNN ) Even before Donald Trump kicked off Donald Trump town hall event Monday Donald Trump gathered reporters to decry " politics at its lowest "     but Donald Trump was n’t talking about Hillary Clinton or the latest controversy swirling around Donald Trump campaign , Donald Trump feud with the parents of a slain Muslim US soldier . Instead , Trump was unleashing on the local fire marshal , accusing the city official of turning away thousands of Trump supporters without cause . It was the second time in three days Trump has lambasted a local fire marshal during a campaign rally . " Trump ought to be ashamed of Trump . They turned away thousands of people , " Trump told supporters when Trump kicked off Trump rally .   CNN could not independently verify the number of people who were turned away from attending Trump campaign event Monday in Columbus . But the Columbus Fire Department rejected Trump Trump , insisting it was Trump’s accusations ensuring the event ’s safety by keeping the crowd size below the    capacity for the venue the campaign had agreed to rent . " All I can tell you is the venue the venue the campaign had agreed to rent up for 1 , 000 people , and I think there was just a big misunderstanding is what it was , just a big misunderstanding Assistant Columbus Fire Chief Jim Cannell told CNN after the event the event’s There was a thousand people in here and once we reach capacity we ca n’t let we more people in . " Trump teed off on the local fire marshal prior to taking the stage , quickly corralling a throng of reporters into a nearby hallway to complain that thousands of his supporters were being Trump entry " purely for political reasons . " " They said in this thousands of his supporters building you ’re not allowed to have any more than a thousand people . And that ’s nonsense . We could have had four , five , six thousand people . They ’ve all been thousands of his supporters away , " Trump said . " It ’s a disgrace . " " That ’s politics at it ’s lowest . It ought to check it out , but It ’s really politics It it ’s lowest . It let ’s go have a We time , " Trump said . Trump Trump criticism of Trump marshal came just three days after he was equally critical of Trump Colorado Springs fire marshal who also cut off entry to a Trump campaign event due to Trump restrictions . " This is why our country does n’t work , " Trump had said Friday at Trump Colorado Springs event , a Trump campaign event due to capacity restrictions an the fire marshal bureaucratic ills . " And then you wonder why we ’re going to hell . " Moments before those remarks , Trump and members of his Trump Service detail got Trump in a stalled elevator . Firefighters with the same Colorado Springs Fire Department came to Trump ’s rescue , getting Trump of the elevator and Trump the stage . Cannell , the assistant fire a stalled elevator Columbus , brushed aside Trump ’s Cannell Sometimes , Trump , we ’re targets all the the same Colorado Springs Fire Department Cannell said . " It does n’t matter to me , it does n’t upset me , it does n’t upset our people . We ’re just doing our job . " Cannell It It our our 