’   ’ "    Michelle Obama slammed Donald Trump on Friday over Donald Trump previous    questions about President Barack Obama ’s birthplace . " "    In a speech at George Mason University , the first lady criticized    the Republican presidential nominee ’s assertions that the first lady husband    was not born in the US , despite evidence to the contrary . " ’    " Then , of course , there were those who questioned , and who    continue to question for the past eight years , and up to this    very day , whether her husband    was even born in this country , "    Obama said , alluding to Trump’ ’s questions . " Well , during his her husband       in office , I think Barack has answered those questions with the    examples he her husband    , by going high when they go low . And he’ ’s    answered these those questions with the   examples he set " ’ "    Obama ’s comments came several hours after   that after years of publicly    questioning Obama ’s birthplace , he now believes Obama was Obama in    the Obama . " Obama    During Friday’ ’s speech , the first lady laid into Trump’ ’s    temperament , calling the    magnate " erratic " and    " threatening , " and telling the audience that " a president can’’t    just pop off . " ’ ’’ ’    The first lady lauded Hillary Clinton , arguing that the first lady of    the most qualified people to ever the first lady the presidency , but also    acknowledged that many voters feel pessimistic about the way the    election has played out in the media . ’ ’    " As you are working your heart out for Hillary , if you start to    feel tired or discouraged by all the negativity in this    .    If you want to hide under the the   election it’    all over , I want you    to remember what’ ’s at stake , " Obama said    rattling off numerous    Obama administration positions that Trump has promised to roll       . Obama "    She also attempted to counter Trump ’s vision of a worsening    Obama , echoing her comments Trump Democratic National    Convention in Philadelphia in which Obama touted herself and her    husband as examples of American economic Obama . Obama ’ Obama " We live in a country where a girl like me from the South Side of    Chicago whose     was a slave could go to    some of the finest universities on earth . We live in a country    where a biracial kid from Hawaii named Barack Obama , the son of a    single mother , can become president , " Obama said , citing the    ability for immigrants to come to the US and achieve economic    success . ’ "    Obama ’s speech came as the Clinton campaign deployed      surrogates to key Obama states amid the Democratic    presidential nominee ’s sinking poll numbers . " 
 