  ( CNN ) How would the United States deal without immigrants for a day ?   Cities across the country got a taste of that Thursday as businesses shut down and immigrants refused to spend money on " A Day Without Immigrants . "   It ’s an effort to show the Trump administration how much immigrants contribute to the country ’s economy as the President continues his the President stances on immigration .   And while many immigrants and business owners refused to work in an act of solidarity , others marked the event in more unorthodox ways . Here are some of their stories :   Restaurant workers do ’double the work’ in advance , Matt Carr , owner of the Little Red Fox restaurant in Washington , D. C. had no problem letting his D. C. employees strike , even though they his immigrant employees vital to his D. C. . " We have three prep cooks on strike today for ’A Day Without Immigrants.’ They are all parents worried about their They and futures , " Carr said . But before those workers went on strike , they those workers sure the his business taken care of .   " Dear Matt , kale salad is ready , " the protesters wrote on a note for their boss the protesters " Fruit salad just needs blueberries + mint . Oranges are cut . Thank you , The ladies of the kitchen . "   Carr said Carr appreciates Carr dedication of his employees Carr   " We ’re a very small business , and without them we his employees We be able to open today , " he said Carr " They not his employees gave me a    about the strike , but did double the work yesterday so we would We in good shape today . " Carr said he ’s Carr holding down the fort " by also washing dishes and preparing food . He said Carr business Carr fall apart without his immigrant Carr , who come from Venezuela and Guatemala . " Immigrants are the backbone of this country and the heart and soul of the service industry , " he said Carr " Without them , Immigrants small businesses would crumble . They are our small businesses part of our family our at Little Red Fox , and I , too , am worried about their future our small businesses this administration . " Texas mom : ’This is how we ’re going to make an impact’ Sanjuana Gonzales’ family moved from Mexico to Texas in Texas to work as migrant farm workers . They became migrant farm workers permanent residents , and Gonzales is now a dual citizen .   But her life a dual citizen taken a laborious road toward the American dream .   When Gonzales was Gonzales , her hands a dual citizen constantly damaged from working in the fields . At the same time , she was a dual citizen herself through a dual citizen college .   " In college , I was hiding my hands her hands did n’t want other people to know that in my other life , I was a farm worker , " Gonzales said Gonzales   She eventually a dual citizen a master ’s degree in health care administration and now works for the Travis County government , managing contracts for social service programs .   But she did a dual citizen work Thursday , in support of the immigrant strike .   " It ’s a very controversial   issue right now , even between my own    and friends , " Gonzales said Gonzales " Some of us are Democrats , some of us are Republicans us But it ’s an It we ’re talking about . " Gonzales , who used a vacation day for the strike , the immigrant strike ’s also not spending any money on Thursday .   " I told my daughter we ’re not buying anything , and we ’re not eating we , " she said . " she is how we ’re going to we an impact . . .. So ( the government ) can acknowledge what we contribute to the economy , to the culture . " Nervous employee asks bosses to join in   As the daughter of Mexican immigrants , Eunice Arcos wanted to join the strike Thursday . So the night before , Arcos said , she Eunice Arcos texted her Eunice Arcos at Makeup Eunice Arcos The Go Cosmetics in Dallas , asking whether they would join her in solidarity . Eunice Arcos They granted her wish they " Eunice Arcos will be closed they ! " her bosses responded . Eunice Arcos college student broadcast the support from her employer on Twitter The college student " My heart is so happy ! " Arcos tweeted .   She told CNN her Arcos came from Arcos City 35 years ago , and that her entire family was Arcos strike .   " My parents were once her parents so it was really important to be part of this boycott , " she said .   Arcos : Nothing can replace immigrants , Every Tuesday and Thursday for the past five years , Hiba Hamwi picks up breakfast at Pan American Bakery in Roslynn , Virginia . The    student said the cheese empanadas make her 8 a. m. class " so much less dreadful . " But this Thursday morning , a sign at the bakery read , " Thursday is going to be Thursday . "   Hamwi said the strike made Hiba Hamwi think about the importance Hiba Hamwi immigrants in her life .   " Hiba Hamwi food is my    favorite , and not being able to have it is just tragic , " she said . " I Hiba Hamwi n’t think anything could replace ( immigrants ) and how great different cultures are . " D. C. restaurant supports boycott     by staying open , Just over a mile from the White House , the upscale restaurant Unum supported D. C. restaurant its doors open . boycott     strongly support D. C. restaurant without immigrants’   after discussing Unum our staff we will be OPEN , " the Unum ’s Unum page said . " D. C. restaurant our customers should gain firsthand knowledge and realize Unum important Unum hard working and dedicated our immigrant staff work every day and what it is Unum without them . E Pluribus Unum     From Many , One our immigrant staff " New York : Immigrant business owners unite with immigrant employees , Manhattan ’s Dough doughnut shop shut down not just because the immigrant employees went on strike , but because the business owners are immigrants , too .   " Please note that we will be closed on Thursday February 16th in support of our immigrant staff ’s desire   right to protest and we part of " A day without immigrant strike , " the owners posted on a sign .   " As the business owners owners , we proudly stand in solidarity . " Customer Z. Hernandez visits Dough several times a week and was surprised by the sign . But she said she supports the owners’ decision a sign " It made me proud she support a business that is standing up the owners’ decision such an important cause , " she said .   Restaurants could be devastated without immigrants , While she wide array of businesses feel the impact of losing immigrant workers for a day , the restaurant industry would be crippled without them .    According to the National Restaurant Association , 14 . immigrant workers million people work in the restaurant industry , and 23 % of them are   . the restaurant industry workers , an analysis by Pew Research 4 million people about 1 . 1 million of the restaurant industry ’s workers were undocumented in 2014 . That makes restaurants second the restaurant industry it comes to relying on undocumented workers . One immigrant : Immigration must be better managed , Sean Linnane , 48 , who said he ’s a security consultant who lives near Kennett Square , Pennsylvania , tweeted that he is an immigrant who went to work on Thursday . Linnane , who said he ’s he American citizen who was born in Australia and raised in Southeast Asia , said he understands Thursday ’s actions were part of a larger political statement . He said he has he no Thursday with all the people coming across the southern border " he believes he should be more stringently vetted at the border . " It ’s got to be managed , " Linnane said of immigration . the southern border said he does n’t personally like President Donald Trump but believes the President ’s proposed travel ban Linnane bars Linnane from seven    countries from entering the United States for 90 days and all refugees for 120 days is " good logic . "    Trump has pledged to unveil a new immigration executive order next week that will be tailored to a President Donald Trump federal court decision halting his travel ban . 
 President Donald Trump 