  ( CNN ) Former independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin said Thursday President Donald Trump and Former independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin chief strategist ’s attacks on the media are " highly dangerous " and   . In an interview with The New York Times , Trump adviser Steve Bannon labeled the media as " the opposition party " and said it the opposition party " be embarrassed " and " keep its the opposition party shut . "   " I think Mr. Bannon and Mr. Trump attacks on the the media highly dangerous . The media , the press , plays a significant role in our democracy , and in any democracy they are highly The media, the press . You can have disputes and disagreements over bias and even over points of fact but to continually attack and try to erode the credibility of the media the media ’s doing its job , and it its job well I its job , in the past week especially , challenging Trump , I think is dangerous , " McMullin told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " The Lead . "   McMullin , who is conservative , fought the notion that battling the press is a partisan issue .   " This is n’t a Republican , Democrat , conservative , liberal , or progressive    . Our freedom of the press and the importance the press press in our system , and the importance Our the constitution , the importance of truth for heaven sakes in democracy and in our republic , are issues that should be bipartisan or nonpartisan , " he said . " These are things that we should all be able to rally around and protect as Americans . "    Tapper said he ’s seen a lot of Tapper conservative Facebook friends who seem Tapper confused on what to believe any more .   McMullin responded : " This is what authoritarians or leaders with authoritarian tendencies do . It ’s from the playbook that This use . Donald Trump through the past year has said he ’s admired dictators and authoritarians Donald Trump around the world . They attack the press because they they to undermine any other they of information , so that people believe that only the authoritarian can be the source of information . Because , if authoritarians are able to do that , if leaders are able to undermine every other source of information , source of facts and truth , no one can hold them accountable . " " We leaders are able to undermine every other source of information, source of facts and truth a population start to become more divided because these leaders will tend to want to divide us and then feed us lies about each other . We saw Donald Trump do that us the campaign and he continues to do that today Donald Trump " McMullin said . 
 