Washington ( CNN ) The speaker of the House , the Senate Intelligence Committee chairman and the ranking Democrat on Senate Intelligence Committee said Thursday that The speaker of the House, the Senate Intelligence Committee chairman and the ranking Democrat on the committee ’ve seen no evidence of President Donald Trump ’s accusation that he was wiretapped last year by his he .   " We have not seen any evidence that there was a wiretap or a ( Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ) court order against Trump Tower or somebody in Trump Trump Tower " Speaker Paul Ryan said in an interview Thursday on CNN ’s " The Situation Room " with Wolf Blitzer . Ryan said Speaker Paul Ryan however , that he still Speaker Paul Ryan Trump , and that the apparently false claims the President aired on Twitter would not damage the White House ’s credibility . " I think the President the President to be marked and judged by his record , the President Ryan said Speaker Paul Ryan   Senate Intelligence Committee chair Richard Burr and ranking member Mark Warner issued a statement earlier Thursday , saying " based on the information available to us , we see no us that Trump Tower was the subject of surveillance by any element of the United States government either before or after Election Day 2016 . " The statement from the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee marks the clearest and strongest refutation of Trump ’s allegations since the President first made them two weeks ago . The senators statement The statement from the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee ’s more recent statement Trump’s he was not merely speaking about wiretapping specifically .    RELATED : Actually , Mr. President , wiretapping does the President a lot of things , The White House on Thursday said the statement did not shake The statement from the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in the accusation . Press The White House Sean Spicer , asked to respond to the accusation , read an extensive litany the accusation reports from the podium that showed intelligence agencies’ interest in Trump ’s activities , but none that actually corroborated Trump ’s claim . " He stands by Trump’s " Spicer said , Trump’s the Intelligence Trump’s claim ’s Press secretary Sean Spicer as not final . " They have yet to go through the information . " Spicer engaged in a lengthy exchange with CNN Press secretary Sean Spicer Jim Acosta over whether the President stands by his allegation that he was wiretapped specifically and not the President surveillance in the President . " We talked about this several days ago , " Spicer said . " The bottom line is Press secretary Sean Spicer the investigation by the House and Senate has not been provided all The White House   The White House later on Thursday got pushback from GCHQ , the NSA ’s counterpart in the United Kingdom , over some of Spicer ’s remarks . At his briefing , Press secretary Sean Spicer a statement from Fox News’ Judge Andrew Press secretary Sean Spicer , who had cited sources claiming Obama " used GCHQ " to provide transcripts of Trump ’s conversations . A GCHQ spokesman responded , saying : " Recent allegations made by media commentator GCHQ Andrew Napolitano about GCHQ being asked to conduct ’wire tapping’ against the then    are nonsense GCHQ They are utterly ridiculous and should be ignored . " The leaders of the House Intelligence Committee have said they have yet to see any evidence of wiretapping , but have yet The leaders of the House Intelligence Committee flatly rule out all surveillance . House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes admitted that he does n’t believe Obama ordered a physical wiretap or other surveillance activities House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes Trump Tower , but added , " we want to make sure that no surveillance activities were used for political purposes . " Nunes had said Wednesday that it was possible that Trump aides were surveilled House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes " incidental " collection .   But when asked Thursday if lawmakers have evidence to suggest that anyone in the Trump orbit ’s communications had been collected incidentally , Nunes pointed only to the leak of fired national security adviser Michael Flynn House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes communications with a Russian ambassador . " Other than Gen. Flynn , we do n’t , " he said . Ranking Democrat fired national security adviser Michael Flynn’s House committee CNN Schiff told CNN that fired national security adviser Michael Flynn’s expects FBI Director James Comey to also say that he ’s seen no Ranking Democrat of the House committee Adam Schiff of Trump ’s claim when the director testifies before Ranking Democrat of the House committee Adam Schiff committee Monday . " Because there ’s no evidence Ranking Democrat of the House committee Adam Schiff at all , the House committee told CNN . " But again you can see the President trying to say Ranking Democrat of the House committee Adam Schiff CNN I did n’t mean what I said or what I said could mean various different things’   —    he was very specific in what he said . So we ’ll ask the director to the President that very specific allegation . the President Their statement came hours after Ranking Democrat of the House committee Adam Schiff at a news conference that " no such wiretap existed , " citing intelligence reports to House leaders .   " The intelligence committees , in their continuing , widening , ongoing investigations of all things Russia , got to the bottom     House leaders least so far with respect to our intelligence community     that no such wiretap existed , " Ryan said in response to a question from CNN . The comments from leaders in Congress follows Ryan and the White House retreating from the President ’s stunning accusation in a tweet two weeks ago .   " When I say wiretapping , those words were in quotes . That really covers     because wiretapping is pretty    stuff     but that really covers surveillance and many other things . And nobody ever talks about the fact that it was in quotes , but that ’s a very important thing , " Trump told Fox News Wednesday .   RELATED : For Paul Ryan , it ’s now     or maybe never 
 Fox News 