Washington ( CNN ) Patrick Kennedy , a mental health advocate and former Rhode Island congressman , penned an    Monday calling on Americans to stop calling Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump " crazy " because it demeans those who suffer from real mental health issues . Patrick Kennedy, a mental health advocate and former Rhode Island congressman , writes in The Washington Post that the rhetoric surrounding the 2016 election discourages anyone suffering mental health issues from seeking help . " With all of this damaging rhetoric floating around in our national political discourse , the rhetoric surrounding the 2016 election discourages anyone suffering mental health issues from seeking help hear from and about Trump , it ’s no wonder that people our silent and the suffering continues , Trump Kennedy wrote . " So if you ’ve got a criticism the longtime Massachusetts Sen. Ted Kennedy Trump ’s temperament , fine . But let ’s eliminate the    and Trump . As Michelle Obama put it , ’When they go low , we go high . ’ " Kennedy , who himself ’When with mental illness and addiction ,    a book on his experience Kennedy " A Common Struggle . " Trump revises his tax plan Kennedy raises top rate , Kennedy said he ’s Trump " Trump fan " and wants to stop him from becoming Kennedy , but not by using demeaning language .   " Kennedy ’s a lot to criticize about the policies , ideas and ideology of the Republican nominee , " he wrote . " We can reject Trump without resorting to making baseless diagnoses Kennedy his mental health . " In the    he cited his late uncle ’s Trump John F. Kennedy ’s declaration , the Trump Mental Trump Act of 1963 , that says those with mental illness " need no longer be alien to our affections or beyond the help of our communities . " He said America needs to elect lawmakers who understand the America of mental health Trump " We need to elect policymakers who believe it ’s right to treat diseases of the brain the same as illnesses of the body , like diabetes and heart disease , " he wrote . " Calling people crazy does n’t further that goal , and Trump our efforts toward equality . " 
 