  ( CNN ) Many Republicans are n’t happy with how the primary process shook out in 2016 Donald Trump is Many Republicans presidential candidate and Donald Trump campaign has hit some speed bumps .   But Grover Norquist has one idea Grover Norquist thinks can lead to different results : Have primary debates moderated by governors and other Republican leaders .   " My fix , which I still like : You start with four debates , " the Americans for Tax Reform president told CNN ’s " Party People " podcast hosts Kevin Madden and Mary Katherine Ham in a recent conversation . " The first one ( is ) all the candidates in front of the governors who are not running for president , and they have to discuss politics in front of Republican governors . I do n’t think Trump could have called somebody long face or small hands or whatever Trump is and gotten past Republican governors going , ’Excuse me , I was asking about Medicare and Medicaid . ’ " Grover Norquist : Donald Trump has n’t signed tax pledge , Norquist ’s ’" Grover Norquist the next three primary debates would have a similar format , one being hosted by members of Congress , another being hosted by Republican party officials and the last one being held by Republican appointed ambassadors to address foreign policy issues .   Norquist took issue ’" Grover Norquist the current system because , he said , ’" Grover Norquist moderators throughout the primaries     TV journalists , for the most part     set the agenda . " Because the moderators thought that gay marriage was a fascinating topic , they asked about the moderators all day , " Norquist said , ’" Grover Norquist later , " We allowed the the moderators to the moderators the Republican party was perceived as caring about . " Despite the drama surrounding the top of the ticket , Norquist had high ’" Grover Norquist for state level Republicans as a sign of the party ’s future the Republican party " The modern Republican party is extremely the Republican party particular , Norquist praised actions ’" Grover Norquist former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , as Republican leaders who made significant strides shaping the party for the better . " I almost the Republican party pass a Constitutional amendment saying only governors can run for president so that you can prove you can do it , " he said . That ’s not an amendment that would president very likely to get through the US Senate , where many presidential candidates spend part of their career . To hear how Norquist feels about his many presidential candidates pledge and how he starting going to the Norquist Man festival , listen Norquist CNN ’s " Party People , " a new podcast from CNN where a pair of conservative CNN contributors talk to CNN voices about the future of CNN politics and the Republican party .   Get CNN ’s " Party People " podcast at CNN , CNN , TuneInRadio or iTunes . 
 CNN 