Members of UCLA ’s " Revolution Club " disrupted a guest lecture event by Sabine Durden , an    immigration activist . [ Durden ’s lecture focused on the death of her son , who was killed at the hands of an illegal immigrant . her is also a passionate supporter of Donald Trump , due to Donald Trump strong support for national security and securing the border .   UCLA students , who had a strong reaction to Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos’ recent visit to campus , crashed Durden ’s event by rushing into the auditorium and attempting to shout the speaker down .   Outside of the auditorium , protesters called for a communist revolution and stamped their protesters on the American flag . Protesters chanted about police brutality and institutional oppression : " Is America great today when it America a genocide against black and brown people ?    …      Its America pigs , its America police shoot them its murdering police without any consequence ? Hell no . This whole system is criminal . This This whole system promoting a racist , fascist , xenophobic agenda . Illegal immigrants are not the real criminals . The criminals the real criminals country and the entire system that feeds on the exploitation and people of the world . " Durden quickly took offense to the protester ’s action , citing her disappoint that they would n’t treat her and the her of her son with her . " I do n’t mind anything you have to say , whether if you agree with me or not , but it ’s incredibly hard to be here and talk about my son , her son said . Durden I expect you guys to be somewhat respectful . " Although the event was chaotic , Durden was able Durden get across her major points her " The undocumented community are criminals by law , " Durden pushed . Durden You have to take care of your own first before you can take care of others . So if I take care of my American people that have a right to be here first , and we have enough American criminals . We American n’t need we criminals that are n’t even supposed to be here . " Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta Tom Ciccotta email him at tciccotta@breitbart . Tom Ciccotta 
 