’      Donald Trump on Thursday warned that      corporations would not be able to outsource corporations jobs to other    countries without facing ramifications under Donald Trump administration . ’ ’    " Companies are not going to leave the United States anymore    without consequences , " Donald Trump told workers assembled at the    Indianapolis plant of the    company Carrier . ’ ’    " Not going to happen . It’ ’s not going to happen , I’’ll tell you    right now , " I’’ll added . ’ ’ ’ ’At Carrier plant , Donald Trump says " Companies are not going to leave the United States anymore without consequences . " ’ "    Gregory Hayes , CEO of United Technologies , Carrier ’s parent    company , announced this week that United Technologies would       after talking with the incoming administration and receiving a $ 7    million incentive package from the state . It had United Technologies would      after talking with the incoming administration and receiving a $7   million incentive package from the state to move    2 , 000 jobs out of the country   —    some of those will still be    outsourced . " ’    But moving forward , Trump said " one of the things we are doing to    keep " companies in the US is lowering the corporate tax rate from    35 % to 15 % . ’ ’’ ’    " It’ ’s terrible for business , " Trump said Trump the current tax rate . ’ ’    The    added that his administration Trump aim to    reduce regulations placed on businesses . ’ "    The speech was Trump ’s Trump declaring victory on election    night . " "    While much of his remarks focused Trump the Carrier deal , the speech    The speech the hallmarks of the    mogul ’s    campaign rallies . " ’    Trump relitigated the Trump Republican primary from May , noting    that he handily won Trump state once considered a " firewall " for    Never Trump forces . ’ ’    The    also praised retired basketball coach Bob    Knight and continued to hammer the media , zeroing in on nightly    news programs . ’ ’    " I don’’t like them even a little bit , " Trump said . ’ ’    The speech , part of Trump’ ’s nationwide " Thank You " tour , came    after the    toured the Carrier factory for about 45    minutes . Trump is scheduled to speak Trump at an Ohio rally on    Thursday evening . ’    