  ( CNN ) A mistrial was declared Saturday in the murder trial of former University of Cincinnati police Officer Ray Tensing in connection with the fatal July 2015 shooting of motorist Sam DuBose during a traffic stop . The jury of six men and six women deliberated for more than 25 hours before Hamilton County Common Pleas Court Judge Megan E. Shanahan declared a mistrial . The jury of six men and six women started deliberations Thursday morning .   Tensing testified this week that he was Tensing dragged by the left arm when he reached Tensing and shot DuBose .   Prosecutors told the jury The jury of six men and six women was n’t Tensing pulled by the car and did n’t need to fire the single shot at Dubose ’s head DuBose After the mistrial , a mistrial Joe Deters said he will make a Prosecuting Attorney Joe Deters on whether to retry the case by November 28 .   " We ’re going to look at what we did in this We and make an assessment . .. as to whether or not we have a probability We success at trial , " he told reporters outside Prosecuting Attorney Joe Deters courtroom .    He added , " Prosecuting Attorney Joe Deters still think it ’s murder and the courtroom think that we proved it . We Much of the shooting was recorded on the body camera of the    officer .   " If we did not have We body cam there would not have been charges filed , " Deter told reporters . " Clearly it was the heart of the case . "   Dubose ’s family ’really upset,’ attorney says , DuBose , who was black , was killed in the same time period that saw several controversial    shootings     including those of Tamir Rice in Cleveland , Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and Walter Scott in North Charleston , South Carolina . Tensing , who is white , was fired from his job , arrested and indicted on murder and voluntary manslaughter charges . He was released from his after posting a tenth of his $ 1 million his . " What we do know is that ( the jurors ) were leaning toward acquittal on murder , and they were leaning toward the jurors) on the voluntary manslaughter , but they just could n’t the jurors) to an agreement , " Deters said .   There was no immediate reaction from Tensing ’s attorney .   Attorney Al Gerhardstein , who represents the DuBose family , told CNN affiliate    " They ’re really upset Attorney Al Gerhardstein, who represents the DuBose family they certainly want another Attorney Al Gerhardstein, who represents the DuBose family . "   Hundreds gathered outside the courthouse later Saturday to protest the verdict before merging with others demonstrating against the election of    Donald Trump .    Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley on Saturday appealed for calm later Saturday said he hoped Tensing will Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley retried .   " It ’s important for everyone to remember the judicial process is not over , " he told reporters . Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley Additional police officers were out in case of protests , city officials said .   " I understand that people are upset , " Cranley said . " Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley respect everyone ’s right to be upset . This is America . . ..   We have every reason to believe that the protests     which are justified     will continue to be as peaceful as they have been . the protests     Cranley does not expect Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley to disrupt city life .   " Cincinnati is safe and open for business , " he said .    Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley ’s emotional testimony , Tensing testified Tuesday he had reached into Tensing car to try to grab the car keys from the ignition but DuBose started the car and began the car away .   Tensing said his left Tensing was Tensing and he started to fall Tensing " I remember thinking , ’Oh , my God , he ’s going to Tensing me over and he ’s going to Tensing me,’ " an emotional Tensing said . The Tensing , who then 25 , said he reached up with Tensing gun and fired Tensing DuBose ’s head , which DuBose could see above Tensing bottom of the driver ’s window frame . Under    Deters showed Tensing several snippets from the video . Deters contended the video proves Tensing ’s the video Tensing caught , that he was standing when the shot was fired , and the car did n’t accelerate until after DuBose was hit . Tensing , who is 6 feet 3 inches , disagreed and said his    body camera showed the he of a man who was being dragged .   The traffic stop , After making the July 19 , 2015 , stop , Tensing asked DuBose for his license . DuBose DuBose n’t DuBose it and DuBose acting " squirrelly , " Tensing testified .    Tensing tried to open the Honda Accord ’s door , but DuBose used his left hand to DuBose it DuBose . After that , the Honda Accord reached into the     and Tensing that moment , his body camera shook out of DuBose . " Shot fired ! Shot fired ! " someone yelled moments later .   DuBose ’s car rolled for about DuBose before crashing . He later died . The video has DuBose’s car a vital piece of evidence for the prosecution , but it ’s hard to see what happens The video key parts of the footage .   There is a little more than a second between the moment Tensing reached in the car and when he pulled out DuBose’s car . It ’s DuBose’s car to hear DuBose’s car gunshot . There ’s a bang , but the camera shakes so much that viewers are unable to see the shooting clearly . In court , prosecutors showed one frame at a time while    Tensing .   Deters at the time called the shooting " the most asinine act I the shooting seen a police officer make . " The University of Cincinnati later commissioned an independent review that found Tensing had led his department in the number of   Tensing and citations   Tensing and that more than 80 % of them involved minorities . In court , Tensing said citations often did n’t know the race   Tensing a   Tensing until after he approached the vehicle window . Earlier this year   Tensing the University of Cincinnati agreed to pay nearly $ 4 . 85 million to the DuBose family , provide free undergraduate education to his 13 children , invite the family to take the DuBose family in meetings on police the DuBose family issue a formal apology , according to a statement from the family . 
 the DuBose family 