Novi , Michigan ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Friday challenged President Barack Obama to pledge not to issue a presidential pardon to Hillary Clinton over Hillary Clinton use of a private email server while leading the State Department . Hillary Clinton , however , has been cleared of any criminal wrongdoing by the FBI and the Justice Department . Donald Trump issued Donald Trump " demand " during a rally here as Donald Trump repeatedly railed against Hillary Clinton tenure at the the State Department her Hillary Clinton misleading and even false statements about whether she Hillary Clinton sent or received classified information through her Hillary Clinton email account .   The White House has in no way suggested a pardon is under consideration . " Here ’s the demand I ’m making today to President Obama , " Trump said . " Will you pledge not to issue a pardon to Hillary Clinton and her    for Hillary Clinton many crimes against our country and against society itself ? Will you make that pledge ? " Trump also challenged Trump to pledge Hillary Clinton to allow any of her aides who Hillary Clinton immunity from the FBI to serve in a future Clinton administration . Hillary Clinton FBI granted the FBI the FBI to at least two Clinton aides , Hillary Clinton Clinton ’s State Hillary Clinton of Staff Cheryl Mills , when the FBI requested to search the FBI the FBI laptops , sources told CNN late last week . This is n’t the first time Trump has called for legal action to be taken against his Democratic challenger . In June Trump he called for Clinton to be Trump over the email matter , and he has said that if he Trump elected , he would Trump his attorney general Trump investigate her Trump Trump followed up his Clinton by Trump several Clinton Trump from the 1990s , Clinton the Whitewater scandal , the cattle futures controversy and even former President Bill Clinton ’s controversial 11th hour pardon of Marc Rich , a prominent oil trader who fled the country after learning of plans to indict him on tax evasion , racketeering even former President Bill Clinton breaking an embargo against Iran . The former president said in a even former President Bill Clinton Newsweek that he regretted making the pardon because " it even former President Bill Clinton n’t worth the damage to my reputation . " Trump has infrequently raised Clinton scandals dating back to the 1990s on the campaign trail , and while he resisted the urge to raise Bill Clinton Trump marital infidelities at Monday ’s     though he alluded to them     Trump has suggested Trump he may at the Trump event . On Trump , Trump raised Bill Clinton ’s impeachment during a Trump , Bill Clinton’s to connect the former president ’s missteps to Hillary Clinton . " The people of this country are Bill Clinton’s the lies . They ’re tired of trivial politics . They ’re tired of The people of this country talked down to . They ’re The people of this country of being looked down upon and being treated The people of this country second class citizens , " Trump said Friday . He also picked back Trump on his warnings Trump voter fraud     instances of Trump are extremely rare     as he urged voters to keep an eye out Trump Election Day to " make sure it ’s on the up and up . " Trump has an eye called on voters to monitor Trump places on Election Day and watch for fraudulent behavior . " Because you Election Day , that ’s a big , big problem in this country and nobody wants to talk about Trump " Trump said . " So go and watch these Trump places . Make sure it ’s on the up and up , please . " " That it be one the up and up to lose , " he added .  
 Trump 