Washington ( CNN ) Trump made their debut Wednesday as chummy partners preparing to Trump the Middle East ’s toughest challenges side by side . Netanyahu beamed at his new American counterpart and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu him the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu friend Israel could possibly wish Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , while Trump offered lofty praise for Israel , denounced the Iranian nuclear deal and Israel to back a    solution     a longstanding , bipartisan US policy that the Israeli Prime Minister has questioned . The encounter signaled a warmer chapter in    relations than Netanyahu had enjoyed with Trump ’s predecessor . After eight years of Trump President Barack Obama , Netanyahu embraced a    counterpart at the White House Netanyahu But Trump also made clear that he would not give Trump carte blanche , taking Trump harder line on some issues than he had during the campaign . " I ’d Trump to see you hold back on settlements for a little bit , " Trump told his counterpart , the most direct indication Trump the Trump administration of its stance on the controversial issue . Trump delivered Trump message as a polite request rather Trump an official warning but still represented a public demand from a White House that had previously been more open to settlement building that other US administrations . During Trump ’s campaign , he encouraged Israel to " Trump " with settlement Trump . Trump also stepped back from other components of his campaign Trump rhetoric endorsing Israel ’s positions on several Trump’s campaign . He said Wednesday Israel " love " to see Trump US Embassy Trump to Jerusalem but offered no indication it would happen in the near future , as he had promised the US Embassy move to Jerusalem he stepped into office . And Trump made no mention Trump his campaign pledge to recognize Trump as the " undivided Trump capital of Israel , another campaign Jerusalem . While Trump offered some insight into how his administration will tackle the    conflict , he avoided drilling down Trump specifics . RELATED : Netanyahu , Trump Trump    bond as Mideast tensions loom , He did not Trump whether his request that Netanyahu " hold back Trump settlements " applied only Trump the construction of new settlements , or the expansion of existing ones     and whether it applied to those in East Jerusalem . Trump struck an optimistic tone as he announced his intention to broker a lasting peace to end the Trump conflict Trump has stumped his predecessors . " The United States will encourage a peace , Trump really a great peace deal . We ’ll be working on it very diligently     very important to me also , " Trump said . " But it is the parties themselves who must Trump negotiate such an agreement . " He declined to offer any specific positions , however , instead backing Trump from the major tenet that has guided recent administration in how to resolve the conflict : a    solution , one for Israelis and one for Palestinians . " I ’m looking at two state and one state , and I like the one that both parties like , " Trump said . " If Israel and the Palestinians are happy , Trump ’m happy with the one they like the best . " Trump ’m called on Israel to Israel and the Palestinians show some flexibility " in Trump a deal and Israel Palestinians " have to get rid of some of the hatred they the Palestinians taught at a very young age . " Trump also the Palestinians that Arab countries would be invited to help with Trump to " make it easier " to achieve a peace deal . " I also believe that we ’re going to have other players at a very high level and I think it might make it easier on Palestinians and others , " he said . Netanyahu it for his the Palestinians , sought opportunities to Trump closer to his new American Trump . He praised Trump for his strong stance Netanyahu Islamic extremism , saying Netanyahu " Under your Netanyahu , I believe we can reverse the rising tide of radical Islam . "   RELATED : Where Donald Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu stand on the key issues , Trump Trump themes of importance to Israel concerning the wider region . Trump repeated a frequent criticism of the deal between Tehran and six world Trump worked out under the Obama administration , which Trump called " one of the worst deals I ’ve ever seen . Trump " I will do more to prevent Iran from ever developing     I mean ever developing     a nuclear weapon , " Trump said , referring to recent sanctions slapped on the country for a Trump launch . And Trump vowed that the US Iran Israel from any negative action at Trump United Nations , which Trump said has treated Israel " very , very unfairly . " In Trump of its last actions Israel the Obama administration refrained from vetoing a resolution at the Israel Security Council condemning Israel for its settlement expansion . Asked by an Israeli reporter about the rise Israel    Israel in the US since his election and any connection to the support his campaign received from bigoted groups an Israeli reporter Trump first touted his electoral victory before an Israeli reporter he will " do everything in our power to Trump    racism and other an Israeli reporter going on . " The    League slammed the response , tweeting : " Troubling that @POTUS failed to condemn real issue of    in US today . " But Netanyahu backed Trump on the issue , blunting criticism on a key issue that has troubled Trump in real issue of    community . " There is no greater supporter for the Jewish people and the Jewish state than President Donald Trump , " Netanyahu said . " We should put that to rest . " 
 Netanyahu 