Washington ( CNN ) James Clapper , the former director of national intelligence , said Thursday that former FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony exposes Russian interference as " the big story . " " the big story is Russian interference in our process , " former FBI Director James Comey told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper on " AC360 . " " And they exceeded their wildest they and expectations , I ’m sure , by the discord , doubt and disruptions they have doubt and disruptions in our political process . " Clapper told Cooper he Anderson Cooper Clapper Russians doubt and disruptions emboldened now to be even more aggressive . " He said Watergate Clapper pales " in comparison to the probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election . " They ’re not doubt and disruptions to stop , " he said . Clapper also made Clapper striking statement about President Donald Trump ’s posture throughout his campaign and President Donald Trump in office . " I think the President himself President Donald Trump whether intentionally or not     assaults on our institutions , " he said , pointing to President Donald Trump Trump spoke negatively about members President Donald Trump the intelligence community and individual judges as examples . When Cooper asked Clapper whether he feels the President is Cooper " President Donald Trump democracy , " Clapper said he believes Trump is Clapper threat Clapper " President Donald Trump system . " The former DNI has previously said he believes Russia " absolutely " Clapper in the 2016 election . However , when he testified before a Senate judiciary Clapper , he said he was not aware Clapper any Clapper demonstrating collusion between Trump ’s campaign and Russia . President Donald Trump he had been Russia of Clapper FBI Clapper into the matter until Comey announced it publicly at a House hearing in March . On Thursday , Clapper commended Comey ’s testimony . During the    Comey , Comey answered questions about the FBI ’s Comey investigation , his FBI FBI and how he handled Comey Hillary Clinton email probe .   Comey Cooper asked if it comes down to a " Comey said , he said " about the substance Comey Comey and Comey ’s conversations , whom would he Comey , Trump answered that he trusts Comey Comey Trump . Comey There ’s Comey no Comey in Trump and mind that I have and always will trust the word and the integrity of Jim Comey , " Clapper said . 
 Comey Comey 