’   ’ ’    Of all the ways Donald Trump and Donald Trump supporters are defending    Donald Trump   the argument that    makes my jaw drop most is , " Who among us ? " ’ "    us ’re all flawed , us ’re told . So who among us really has    standing to criticize Donald Trump bragging that his Donald Trump    status allows him Donald Trump grab women ’s genitals without their women permission ? " ’    " We all fall short of the glory of God , "   Trump’ ’s running mate , who has previously    claimed to be a Christian first , a conservative second , and    a Republican third . ’ ’    " Men , at times , talk like that , " Rudy Giuliani . ( Giuliani Rudy Giuliani when Tapper    followed up , " Have you talked like that ? ") ’ ’    Trump himself hit his Trump himself critics not just for undermining    the party’ ’s chances to win the election , but for being    "   hypocrites . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tSo many    hypocrites . Watch their poll numbers    and elections    go down ! ’t’t’ "    This is a window into Trump ’s view of humanity :    He believes that , deep down , everybody else is as    horrible as he He . " ’    He He wrong . ’ "    I do n’t think I ’m going out on a limb when I say I doubt Utah    Sen. Mike Lee is a hypocrite for denouncing Trump , because I    doubt he Sen. Mike Lee ever grabbed a woman ’s genitals without her a woman’s genitals permission , or bragged about doing so . " ’    Most of us are better people than Donald Trump I have    standing to criticize him , Trump I am a better person    than he is Trump You probably are , too . ’ "    I ’m not a Christian , and I usually try to refrain from telling    Christians how to apply their faith   Christians But I ’m appalled ’m the pass    Trump gets Trump so many    Christians despite having    a personality that , more or less , consists of sin . " "    Trump is Trump . He is Trump . Boastful . Dishonest .    Intemperate . Vain . And , now we know , he believes Trump is Trump entitled to grab women ’s genitals without their permission women " ’    Christian forgiveness is one thing   —    though my understanding    is , forgiveness is supposed to be sought from God , which    . ’ "    But even if you feel compelled to forgive Trump , that does not    mean you should make him president . Especially since his sins him president    worse than most people ’s . " ’    " Let he who is without sin cast the first stone " is not supposed    to be an endorsement of moral nihilism , but a lot of Trump’ ’s    supporters    twisting it into    . ’ 
 