Four     headlines at the Drudge Report on Friday linked to stories and videos that focused on the role of Sen. Ted Cruz ’s faith in his campaign for president . [    " TED IS THE ANNOINTED ONE , " read the first headline , which linked to a March 10 story in the relatively obscure East Orlando Post titled " Sen. Ted Cruz : Closet Pentacostal . "   " HOLY GHOST VIDEO REVEALED , " read the second headline , which linked to a YouTube video first published on October 16 , 2013 , titled " Cruz Father : Ted Sen. Ted Cruz Anointed’ To ‘ Bring the Spoils of War to the Priests’ . " " DAD SPEAKING IN TONGUES , " read another headline , which linked to a story published on February 5 of this year and featured a YouTube video . " SUPPORTERS ‘ LAY HANDS’ ON CRUZ AT Sen. Ted Cruz , " read the fourth and final headline , which linked to the video of a Nashville Ted Cruz rally published at YouTube on YouTube 22 , 2015 . The YouTube the video of a Nashville Ted Cruz rally published at YouTube on December 22, 2015 " Pastor Gaylon Wiley ‘ lays hands’ on Ted Cruz at a Ted Cruz in Nashville . " Breitbart Nashville reported from that Nashville rally , where Nashville explained that Pastor Wiley Ted Cruz who now lives in Tennessee , had baptized his father , Rafael Cruz Breitbart News when both lived in Texas in the 1970s : " Tennessee has a special place Tennessee my heart . Tennessee is now the home Tennessee the man who led my Brother Wiley , " Cruz said as he brought Wiley on stage with him . Wiley asked the crowd to raise hands and Brother Wiley a Brother Wiley on Cruz . Brother Wiley This Brother Wiley is part political reality , part prayer revival , " Cruz Cruz after the blessing . Earlier in the week , nationally syndicated talk radio host Cruz Beck , a blessing endorsed Ted Cruz for president , criticized Beck . Beck , however , claimed that he and his staff have " proven " they are " not shills " for Cruz , despite frequently appearing at campaign events for the junior Senator from Texas . The East Beck Post Beck began by asking the rhetorical he and his staff , " Why is Ted Cruz hiding his pentecostal past ? " : While Ted Cruz proudly proclaims he is an Evangelical Christian , his campaign takes pains to hide the truth that Cruz and his Cruz , Rafael Cruz are Pentecostal Christians , a fact Cruz by having Ted Cruz Heidi Cruz ’s belong to Cruz congregation of First Baptist Church , a Southern Cruz church Cruz Houston , as their home church   …      Rafael Cruz is a pastor with Purifying Fire International Ministry , although in January 2014 , as Ted Cruz was preparing his presidential swing , Rafael Cruz scrapped the congregation of First Baptist Church, a Southern Baptist church in Houston group ’s website after various Cruz identifying the ministry as rooted in " a radical Christian ideology known as Dominionism or Christian Cruz " Dominionism calls Cruz anointed Christian leaders Cruz over government to make the laws of the nation in accordance with Biblical laws . Rafael Cruz , at the Pastor Larry Huch ’s New Beginnings    in Bedford Texas , outside Dallas , on Aug. 26 , 2012 , in a Dominionist sermon proclaimed his son , Ted Cruz , to be the " anointed one , " a Dominionist Messiah who would bring God ’s law to reign . Billy Hallowell at The Blaze , an online website owned by one of Beck ’s companies , took exception to the " DAD SPEAKING IN TONGUES " headline , pointing out , correctly , that the video to which the headline linked did not show Cruz ’s father Rafael actually " speaking in tongues " as it is commonly understood : [ S]ome believe that Cruz is seen in the video " speaking in tongues " ( also known as glossolalia )   —    a religious gift that purportedly permits certain Christians to speak and interpret a special language that comes Cruz from God   …     While it is clear that Rafael Cruz is moving his lips and likely quietly praying during Pearson ’s invocation , it is not definitively clear that he is speaking in tongues , as some have alleged . It should be noted that it is common practice Rafael Cruz evangelical Christians to pray to themselves while others pray aloud , thus such an occurrence would Rafael Cruz be a rarity . Drudge has previously featured headlines with links to stories that feature It ’s support of Cruz based on shared religious values evangelical Christians For instance , when Beck announced on his show that he was " fasting " to support Cruz , Drudge ’s headlines focused on the religious nature of that political gesture . 
 Drudge Drudge Beck Beck Beck Cruz 