  ( CNN ) Not coincidentally , Barack Obama has delivered what historians may judge the most important   —    and inspiring   —    speech of Barack Obama presidency at the critical juncture of an election that in all likelihood will determine the future of America for generations .   And if Hillary Clinton is to succeed Obama as president , Hillary Clinton will probably have to drag Hillary Clinton across the finish line . How ? By providing some credible perspective that   —    in keeping with the truly American values eloquently expressed this weekend in his dedication of the National Museum of African American History and Culture   —    vouches for the basic honor of Hillary Clinton life and public service , whatever Hillary Clinton considerable shortcomings as a presidential candidate . And by drawing a marked contrast between the life and ( often   ) values of Donald Trump .   Barack Obama ’s vision of America and Barack Obama’s history   —    the story Barack Obama’s told on the Mall Saturday   —    recognizes that the great struggle and inspiration of our nation since our nation founding has been over slavery and our nation legacy . It is Barack Obama’s story . Barack Obama’s evoked   —    perhaps as no speech has since Martin Luther King shared Martin Luther King dream just yards away 53 years ago   —    the agonizing and triumphant narrative of America , which more than anything else , is the story of a nation built by blacks and whites , and shaped by waves of immigration . And his story turns out to be what this election is about .   Hillary Clinton , beginning in Monday ’s debate , must establish once and for all that her Hillary Clinton and the story of her Hillary Clinton and her Hillary Clinton have always been rooted in this vision of America , and never strayed and make indelibly clear that Trump ’s vision   —    and all the danger it vision     —    is totally at odds with the American story told by Obama on Saturday . " The best history helps us recognize the mistakes that we us made , and the dark corners of the human spirit that we us to guard against , " Obama Obama . Trump Trump is the exposition and exploitation of those dark corners . Among the key sentences in the President ’s speech relevant to the debate and election , none were more important than these : " This museum alone will not alleviate poverty in every inner city , or every rural hamlet . It wo This museum alone eliminate gun violence from all our neighborhoods , or immediately ensure that justice is always color blind . It wo This museum alone wipe away every instance of discrimination in a job interview , or a sentencing hearing , or folks trying to rent an apartment . Those things are up to us , the decisions and choices we make us "   In the era of civil rights progress following King ’s speech , Donald Trump walked in his father Donald Trump footsteps of bigotry and exclusion to prevent blacks and Puerto Ricans from renting thousands of apartment units owned by the Trumps in the ’70s in New York City , in violation of the Fair Housing Act of 1968 . The testimony against Donald Trump Donald Trump this effect is extensive and damning ( though , in a consent agreement finally reached with the U. S. Department of Justice in 1975 to rent on a    basis , the Trump Organization did not admit to past discrimination ) .   In the instance of Fred and Donald Trump , the sins of the father also became the sins of the son . And they endure in his Fred and Donald Trump, the sins of the father and its the son assumptions about America and Trump ’s misreading of the Trump Organization . They are the Trump Organization the elemental Fred and Donald Trump, the sins of the father at our command to understand Donald Trump   —    Trump .   Not Hillary Clinton . Hugh Rodham , her father , also embraced the bigotry Not Hillary Clinton his era , and at the family Not Hillary Clinton table routinely described blacks in the most demeaning and bigoted terms . But when Hillary was a teenager , a youth Not Hillary Clinton took her to hear Martin Luther King Jr. Not Hillary Clinton in Chicago . In college , her advocacy against racial discrimination on and Not Hillary Clinton campus became increasingly activist , and since then , the constant of her public service and her political and Not Hillary Clinton beliefs and advocacy Not Hillary Clinton been about equality in every regard for all citizens , and an end to all forms of discrimination .   It is a straight line from the Trump family ’s rental policies to Donald Trump ’s campaign policies appealing to bigotry and racism and nativism . None of this is to deny the validity of his ( or Bernie Sanders’ ) recognition of the economic marginalization of so many    Americans over the past    or the apparent blindness of the country ’s " elites " to their suffering . " And so this the past   or the apparent blindness of the country provides context for the debate of our times , it illuminates them , and gives us this museum sense of how they evolved our and perhaps keeps them them proportion , " Obama said them .   Through much of this campaign , Hillary Clinton has been her own worst enemy , often failing Hillary Clinton to explain what truly motivates her quest for the White House . Hillary Clinton Beginning in Monday ’s debate , Clinton needs to tell the story of Hillary Clinton life over and over in the Hillary Clinton of her advocacy for the kind of America Hillary Clinton Obama summoned on Saturday .   The press , too , should reflect on the President ’s assertion of " context for the debate of our times , " and the notion of " proportion " in describing and comparing the lives and records of the two candidates and their visions for America .   Obama also said : America " And Barack Obama ’s what this museum explains , the fact that our stories have shaped every corner of our culture , the struggles for freedom our took place made our Constitution a real and living document our tested , and shaped , and deepened , and made more profound its meaning for all people . " our Constitution story told here does n’t just belong to black Americans , it belongs to all Americans , for The story    experience has been shaped just as much by Europeans and Asians and Native Americans and Latinos . We have informed each other . We are polyglot , a stew . We Scripture promised that if we lift up the oppressed , that We light will rise in the darkness We and our night will become like the noonday We And the story contained in this museum makes those words prophecy . And that ’s what this day is about , that ’s what this museum ’s about . "   this museum ’s what the presidential election of 2016 is really about , as he implied . The outright   —    and underlying   —    racism of Trump and his campaign will have to compete from now Trump November 8 against this vision of America laid out by Obama as the President campaigns intensely on Hillary Clinton ’s behalf in the remaining 42 days before the election , and notes her fealty to the presidential election of 2016 in a lifetime spent Hillary Clinton the political arena . None of this is to deny some of her personal failures and shortcomings on such vivid display Hillary Clinton she announced her campaign for the presidency and     Hillary Clinton some Hillary Clinton     throughout her public life .      In the end , Hillary Clinton election is a choice between two different sets of values and visions for America and the real lives lived by the two candidates   —    not the    images or mythical lives of either . Again , the press needs to focus less on the horse race and more on the backgrounds and records of the horses before they got here . " And so hopefully this the press can help us talk to each other , " the president said . " And more importantly , listen to each other . And most importantly , see each other   —    black and white and Latino and Native American and Asian American   —    see how our stories are bound together . And bound together us women in America , and workers in America , and entrepreneurs in America , and LGBT America . " That has America the undertaking of Hillary Clinton ’s life   —    not Donald Trump ’s . The closing paragraphs of " A Woman in Charge , The Life of Hillary Rodham Clinton " —     hardly an uncritical Hillary Clinton’s subject , as the Clintons have made clear in their The Life of Hillary Rodham Clinton with the book   —    are about the the Clintons that now lies before her ,   concluding :     " As a girl and Clintons as a woman , Hillary has almost always been desperate to Not Hillary Clinton a passionate participant and at the center of events : familial , generational , experiential , political , historical . Call it ambition , call it the desire to make the world a better place   it    she has been driven . Rarely has Not Hillary Clinton stepped aside voluntarily into passivity . Not Hillary Clinton , however , has not been her strong suit faith in the Lord Not Hillary Clinton and in herself , is . " Three pillars Not Hillary Clinton held her up through one crisis after another Not Hillary Clinton a life creased by personal difficulties and public and private battles : her religious faith her powerful urge toward Not Hillary Clinton service and Not Hillary Clinton accompanying sense ( for good or ill ) of    and a fierce desire for privacy and secrecy . It is the last of these that seems to cast a larger and larger shadow over who she really is . .. " Hillary Not Hillary Clinton neither the demon of the Not Hillary Clinton ’s perception , nor a feminist saint , nor is she particularly emblematic of her time   Not Hillary Clinton    perhaps more Not Hillary Clinton than modern . Hers is a story of strength and vulnerability , a woman ’s story . She is an intelligent woman endowed with energy , enthusiasm , a woman’s , tempestuousness , inner strength , spontaneity in private , lethal ( almost ) powers of retribution ,    lines that come from deep wounds , and the language skills of a sailor ( and of a minister ) all evidence of her passion   —    which , down deep , is a woman’s her most enduring and even endearing trait . ... " Great a woman’s have always been marked by the consistency of their core beliefs , their strength of character in advocacy , Great politicians the    that Great politicians bold leadership . Almost always , Hillary has stood for good things . Not Hillary Clinton there is often a disconnect between her convictions and words , and her Not Hillary Clinton . This is where Hillary Not Hillary Clinton . But the jury remains Not Hillary Clinton . She still has time to prove her Not Hillary Clinton , to effectuate those things Not Hillary Clinton make her special , not fear them or Not Hillary Clinton them . We would all be the better for it , them what lies within may have the potential to change the world , if only a little . " 
 