  ( CNN ) "   is horrible . And  (CNN)"   ’s gon na stop and  (CNN)"   has to stop , " President Donald Trump announced Tuesday during a visit to the National Museum of     History and Culture . " You do n’t know where it ’s coming from but I hope they catch the people . " Many may feel relieved at this statement , which was occasioned by the latest evidence of a sharp uptick in    in our country . Just over the last few days , we ’ve seen a slew of bomb threats to Jewish community centers around our country and the desecration of over 100 headstones at St. Louis’ Jewish cemetery . President Trump showed some leadership with this communication , but we can ask : Why did it take him President Trump long to decide to acknowledge reality ? Just last week , he President Trump many by telling a reporter from a Jewish newspaper that merely asking about    was " not a fair question . "   And while it ’s true that as of now the perpetrators of these crimes have not been found , Trump ’s assertion that " you do n’t know where it ’s coming from " is disingenuous , since he President Trump contributed to the rise of that    in multiple ways from the very start of his President Trump for president .   Trump Trump used powerful racist images to build his Trump brand and constituency during the race for the presidential nomination , setting himself Trump as the lone protector of white Christian America . In July 2015 , his Trump released an ad that featured men dressed as Nazi SS soldiers with a message proclaiming that " We need leadership ! "   Four months later , he Trump to discredit his Trump Jeb Bush by retweeting a racist montage of images that included a swastika , Bush in a sombrero and a cartoon of a monkey trying to cross the border from Mexico . Such retweets from white supremacist social media accounts also brought concepts like " JewAmerica " and " white genocide " to mainstream attention .    And have we conveniently forgotten Trump ’s use of       to try and paint Hillary Clinton as a corrupt and untrustworthy candidate ? It was n’t subtle    Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton next to a star and against a background of $ 100 bills     but what should we have expected from its      a background of $100 bills     ? By July 2016 , having absorbed a year of such communications , his target Hillary Clinton knew what he stood Hillary Clinton : the reassertion of white Christian power in America through any means necessary . For the rest of us , there were lame excuses from the Trump campaign and surrogates . " The intern did it " for the SS men Trump ’s Trump overlooking of the presence of the swastika in the    retweet the liberal media ’s supposed misinterpretation and paranoia in the case of the Clinton image , which featured not a Star of David but a " sheriff ’s badge . " The truth is that racism has been a main element of continuity in Trump ’s political career , with    images used as potent currency . So no one should be surprised that the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks hate crimes , saw a sharp spike in    incidents ( against Jews , blacks , immigrants , Muslims , and women ) in the month following the election . 37 % of the recorded incidents were " " meaning they " 37% of the recorded incidents referenced either    Donald Trump , his campaign slogans , or his infamous his about sexual assault . "   All of this should make Americans very concerned about the Trump administration ’s statement that it is the Trump administration narrowing its investigations the Trump administration terrorism to    acts . What is the aim of this apparent intent to ignore white racist violence , potentially paving the way for its decriminalization white racist violence   We might put the question to Trump ’s inner circle , to men such as Stephen Bannon , whose former job as executive chairman of the    Breitbart News made him the Trump of white nationalists everywhere or to Stephen Miller , who has campaigned against " Islamofascism , " on the belief that the US and Western civilization are at war with Islamic jihadists . It ’s certainly high time to pose it to It ’s daughter Ivanka Trump and     Jared Kushner ,   both observant Jews . What they perhaps daughter Ivanka Trump and    Jared Kushner,  both observant Jews n’t want to realize     but Bannon knows all too well     is that racism is a famously mobile form of hatred . Blacks and Jews , and Arabs and Jews , have often been collapsed together by white nationalists and their authoritarian Blacks and Jews, and Arabs and Jews as different facets of the same " problem " to restrict or eliminate . And that once racist violence is unleashed , especially when encouraged by the state , it ’s racist violence to contain . Optimists believe that people can change . If Trump is really serious about going against his history Trump combating racism in all forms ,    included , he could Trump with two actions : discard the idea of exempting white terrorists from prosecution . And get rid of Stephen Bannon , Stephen Miller and all the other extremists who Trump has Trump into America ’s halls of power and influence , only to propagate    fantasies of American greatness . If history ’s any judge , they will lead us to ruin . We deserve us better than that . 
 