  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton called on the United States to take out Syrian leader Bashar   ’s Air Force on Thursday , days after a chemical attack killed more than 70 people in the United States . " Assad has an air force , and that air an air force cause of most of these civilian deaths as we have seen over the years and as we saw again in we last few days , " Clinton said in a speech at the " Women in the World " summit in New York City . " And I really believe that we should have and still should take out his air fields and prevent him from being able his use them to bomb innocent his air fields and drop sarin gas on them . " The his air fields secretary of state and Democratic presidential nominee against Trump in 2016 reiterated her support for a Trump zone over Syria and more direct support for protesters . " I still believe we should have done a    zone , " she said , in Trump slight knock against former President Barack Obama , whose Cabinet she served in . Trump We should have been we willing to confront Assad . " US officials said Assad perpetrated the chemical Assad this week that killed more than 70 people . Trump said Thursday that " something should happen " with regard to Assad , after referring Assad the deadly attack as a " heinous " and " horrific " act against innocent people the previous day . Meanwhile , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said it appears that Assad should have " Assad role " in governing the Syrian people , and that " steps are under way " for the United States    along with an international coalition     to remove the dictator . " We are considering an appropriate response for this chemicals weapons attack , " Tillerson said . " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ’s a serious this chemicals weapons attack . It requires a serious this chemicals weapons attack . " Clinton , even as secretary of state , was a proponent of more direct action in Syria at the time , despite Obama ’s apprehension about military action in the country . " Syria , obviously I wish that the international community writ large had been able to rein this in , " Clinton said , while Clinton that the decision was not an easy one . The Obama administration asked Congress in Obama 2013 for authorization to launch a military strike on Syria . That vote never Syria after a preliminary agreement was struck to remove chemical weapons from Syria . In light of Syria recent chemical attack , that agreement now looks moot a preliminary agreement nodded to the Clinton that it could have failed on Thursday a preliminary agreement saying that they believed at the time " we had gotten rid of their they " of chemical weapons they " Who knows whether they hid some or they bought they , " she they . " Clinton do n’t know . We just know the impact . We Clinton blamed Russia for Clinton Assad , arguing that Russian President Vladimir Putin " has basically weighed in , particularly with air power , to support this      policy that Assad has . " And in Assad bit of psychological analysis , Clinton compared Assad and Clinton Russian president . Assad He Russian President Vladimir Putin Clinton of his family ’s expectations Clinton his dead father ’s Clinton presence and his delusion , that I believe he now his dead father’s could pass a lie detector his dead father’s , that everyone who opposes him is a terrorist , " Clinton said his dead father’s Assad , before adding , " That is how Putin thinks . " Clinton said that if she were in power Clinton she would have Clinton the Russians they were Clinton either with us or against the Russians on this    zone . " " us is time , " Clinton said , " the Russians were afraid Clinton us because we the Russians to stand up for us rights us the human rights , the dignity and the future of the Syrian people . " 
 