  ( CNN ) The US used a plane filled with $ 400 million in cash intended for Iran as " leverage " to ensure that American prisoners were released by Tehran , spokesman John Kirby said Thursday . The money was held up because of concern Iran would not come through on Iran agreement to release American prisoners earlier this year , spokesman John Kirby said . Kirby insisted the money spokesman John Kirby not The money pro quo for the hostage release , explaining that Tehran ultimately would have received the money , separate from The money release . " First the hostage release this was Iran ’s money , " Kirby told CNN ’s spokesman John Kirby Bolduan on " OutFront . " It was money that was awarded to them by the Hague tribunal and it was a process that had been working independently for many months prior to that . " He continued , " spokesman John Kirby when the lines all came together , right there in January in a very short 24 hour or so period , it would have been foolish , we believe , for us not to hold on just a little we longer to make sure that we had the right leverage to get those we out and that was the priority . " The Wall Street Journal first reported on the holding up of the money until the prisoners were let go . On the campaign trail , a Donald Trump spokesman used the latest development Trump spokesman Jason Miller to the White House and its failed " disastrous policies . " " Already under fire the White House lying to the American people about her illegal email server , Clinton is continuing to align herself with an administration that has Hillary Clinton lied to Americans as Hillary Clinton , " Trump spokesman Jason Miller said . " By Donald Trump put together a deal that ultimately sent $ 400 million to Iran that was likely used to fund terrorism , Clinton has proven herself unfit to be president of the United Hillary Clinton . " Hillary Clinton However , an administration official on Thursday argued that the timing was deliberate and shrewd . " With concerns Iran may renege on the prisoner release given unnecessary delays regarding Iran in Iran who could not be located , as well as mutual Iran between Iran and the United States , we of course sought to Iran maximum the United States American citizens were released     our top priority , " the official said . A video emerged earlier we month that purportedly showed the payment on the same day that the prisoners were released in January . The Obama administration had denied that there was any connection . " We announced these payments in January . Many months ago , " President The Obama administration Obama told reporters at January Pentagon as the news broke . Obama not a secret . " The timing has raised suspicions , especially among The Obama administration , that the US paid a " ransom " of sorts to the Iranians . Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr blasted the White House following the State Department ’s " admission . " " This administration continues to endanger Americans at home and abroad by releasing known terrorists , the White House prisoner exchanges , and enabling the nefarious activities of a designated state sponsor of terrorism , " the Republican senator from North Carolina said in a statement . " Decisions like these are putting our nation and our allies at risk . " But Sen. Dianne Feinstein defended the administration , saying that our White House statements had become an " art form " in the campaign season . " The facts are clear , " Feinstein told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " The Lead . " " This was a Sen. Dianne Feinstein over , I think , a 1979 sale . This is Iranian money that was frozen . The agreement was that the $ 400 million This returned to Iran . "   She added , " Now Iran was going to release hostages that we very much liked Sen. Dianne Feinstein . Would we send Iran money before they ’re released or after they ’re released ? I ask we your Iranian money that was frozen I know Iranian money that was frozen I would do . Iranian money that was frozen would be after they are released . And that ’s exactly what the administration did and I think it ’s Iranian money that was frozen much the right thing . " 
 the administration 