’   ’ "      Donald Trump ’s incoming chief of staff accepted    on Sunday that Russia was behind last    year ’s hacking and leaking of internal emails from top    officials at the Democratic National Committee and Hillary    Clinton ’s campaign . " ’    In an interview on " Fox News Sunday " with Chris Wallace , Reince    Priebus acknowledged that Trump " accepts the fact that this    particular case was entities in Russia , " but argued that the DNC    should be criticized for not taking cyber security more    seriously . ’ ’    " I think the DNC    accepts the findings , Chris , " Priebus said of Trump " .    " But here’ ’s the thing that everyone needs to understand . When    this whole thing started ,    started from the Russians 50 years    ago . In other words , this is something that’ ’s been going on in    our elections for many , many years . The Russians , the Chinese ,    the Iranians   —    it happens , every election period . " ’ ’    He added : " It started way back in 2015 before either nominee of    either party was chosen . And It started , and this is    declassified , as a spear phishing expedition . It just    so happens that the DNC had nearly no defenses on the DNC    system . And when the DNC were warned multiple times by the FBI , the DNC    didn’’t respond . ’    Wallace repeatedly pushed Priebus to clarify his position ,   Wallace    whether Trump still dismissed reports from US    intelligence agencies that Russia attempted to tip the scales in    Trump ’s favor Trump " ’    Priebus said that Priebus was " Trump denying that entities in Russia    were Russia particular hacking campaign . " ’ ’    " The primary actor is the foreign entity that’ ’s perpetrating the    crime to begin with , I’’m not denying it , " Priebus I’’m . Priebus ’    When asked to specify who the foreign actor was The primary actor responded Priebus Priebus ’    " Russia , " he said Russia ’ ’    For The primary actor , Trump and have been reluctant to say Russia    was the source Russia hacks . ’ ’    Even following a    intelligence meeting on the subject    on Friday , Trump still hedged his response . ’ ’ Trump " While Trump , China , other countries Russia outside groups and people    are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure    of our governmental institutions , businesses and organizations    including the Democrat National Committee , there was absolutely    no effect on the outcome of the    including the fact that    there was no tampering whatsoever with voting    , " Trump    said in a statement . ’ "    Not all of Trump ’s inner circle were willing to directly Trump    that Russia was the primary actor    the    cyber intrusions . " ’    Asked about whether she believed Russia was behind the hacks ,    Trump counselor Russia Conway   said that " Trump    China , and others , "    attempted Russia infiltrate networks of top American political    organizations . ’ ’ ’ ’      ’ 
 