PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP HOLDS A NEWS CONFERENCE TO , ANNOUNCE PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP NEW NOMINEE FOR SECRETARY OF LABOR ,    FEBRUARY 16 , 2017 ,    SPEAKER : PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP ,    [ * ] TRUMP : Thank you very much .    I just wanted to begin by mentioning that the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor will be Mr. Alex Acosta . the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor has a law degree from Harvard Law School , was a great student former clerk for Justice Samuel Alito . And the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor has had a tremendous career . the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor ’s a member and has been a member of the National Labor Relations Board , and has been through Senate confirmation three times , confirmed did very , very well .    And so the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor , I ’ve wished the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor the best . We just spoke . And the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor ’s going to be     I think the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor ’ll be a tremendous secretary of labor .    And also as you probably heard just a little while ago , Mick Mulvaney , former congressman , has just been approved weeks late , I have to say that , weeks , weeks late , Office of Management and Budget . And the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor will be I think a fantastic addition .    Paul Singer just left . As you know , Paul Singer was very much involved with the    or as they say , " never Trump . " And Paul Singer just left and Paul Singer ’s given us Paul Singer total support . And it ’s all about unification . us ’re unifying the party and hopefully us ’re going to be able to unify the country . the party ’s very important to Paul Singer . I ’ve been talking about that for a long time . the party ’s very , very important to Paul Singer .    So I want to thank Paul Singer for being here and for coming up to the office . Paul Singer was a very strong opponent , and now Paul Singer ’s a very strong ally . And I appreciate that .    I think I ’ll say a few words , and then us ’ll take some questions . And I had this time . us ’ve been negotiating a lot of different transactions to save money on contracts that were terrible , including airplane contracts that were out of control and late and terrible just absolutely catastrophic in terms of what was happening . And us ’ve done some really good work . us ’re very proud of that .    And then right after that , you prepare yourselves , us ’ll do some questions , unless you have enough questions . That ’s always a possibility .    I ’m here today to update the American people on the incredible progress that has been made in the last four weeks since my inauguration . us have made incredible progress . I do n’t think there ’s ever been a president elected who in this short period of time has done what us ’ve done .    A new Rasmussen poll , in fact     because the people get A new Rasmussen poll     much of the media does n’t get A new Rasmussen poll . the people actually get A new Rasmussen poll , but the people do n’t write A new Rasmussen poll . Let us put A new Rasmussen poll that way . But a new Rasmussen poll just came out just a very short while ago , and a new Rasmussen poll has our approval rating at 55 percent and going up . The stock market has hit record numbers , as you know . And there has been a tremendous surge of optimism in the business world , which is     to me means something much different than it used to . it used to mean , " Oh , that ’s good . " Now it means , " That ’s good for jobs . " Very different .    Plants and factories are already starting to move back into the United States , and big league     Ford , General Motors , so many of Plants and factories . I ’m making this presentation directly to the American people , with the media present , which is an honor to have you . This morning , because many of our nation ’s reporters and folks will not tell you the truth , and will not treat the wonderful people of our nation with the respect that they the wonderful people of our country . And I hope going forward we can be a little bit     a little bit different , and maybe get along a little bit better , if that ’s possible . Maybe it that’s possible not , and that ’s OK , too .    TRUMP : Unfortunately , much of the media in Washington , D. C. along with New York , Los Angeles in particular , speaks not for the people , but for the special interests and for those profiting off a very , very obviously broken system . The press has become so dishonest that if we do n’t talk about , we we doing a tremendous disservice to the American people . Tremendous disservice . We we to talk to find out what ’s going on , because the The press is out of control . The level of dishonesty is out of control .    I ran for president to present the citizens of our country . I am here to change the broken system so it serves the broken system families the broken system their communities the broken system . I am talking     and really talking on this very entrenched power structure , and what we ’re doing is we ’re we about the power structure we ’re we about its entrenchment the broken system As a result , the media is going through what they have the media go through too often times distort    not all the time    and    of the media the media , I have to say    they ’re    the media fantastic .    But much    it is not       the distortion     and we ’ll talk about it , you    be able to ask me questions about it . But    ’re not we to let it happen ,    I ’m here again , to take my message straight to the people . As you know , our administration inherited many problems across government and across the economy . To be honest , I inherited a mess . It ’s a a mess . At home and abroad , a mess . Jobs are pouring out of the country you see what ’s going on with all of the companies leaving our country , the country Mexico and other places , low pay , low wages , mass instability overseas , no matter where you look . The middle east is a disaster . North Korea    we ’ll take care of it folks we ’re care to we care of it all . I just want to let you know , I inherited a mess .    Beginning on day one , our administration went to work to tackle these challenges . On foreign affairs , we ’ve already begun enormously productive talks with many foreign leaders , much of it you ’ve covered , to move forward towards stability , security and peace in the most troubled regions of the world , which there are many . We have had great our with the United Kingdom , and meetings . Israel , Mexico , Japan , China and Canada , really , really productive conversations . I would say far more productive than you would understand .    We ’ve even developed our new council with Canada to promote women Canada business leaders and entrepreneurs . It ’s very important to me , very important to my daughter Ivanka . I have directed our defense community headed our our great general , our Secretary Mattis . He ’s over there my daughter Ivanka working very hard to submit a plan for the defeat of ISIS , a group that celebrates the murder and torture of innocent people in large sections of the world . It used to be a small group , now it ’s in large It of the world .    the world spread like cancer . ISIS has spread like cancer    another mess I inherited . And we have imposed new sanctions on the nation of Iran , whose totally taken advantage of our previous administration , and we ’re the world ’s our previous administration sponsor of terrorism , and we ’re not going to we until that problem is properly solved . And it ’s not properly solved that problem , it ’s one of the that problem agreements I ’ve ever seen drawn by anybody . I ’ve ordered plan to begin building for the massive rebuilding of the United States military . Had great support from the Senate , I ’ve had great from Congress , generally .    We ’ve pursued this rebuilding Congress the hopes the massive rebuilding of the United States military will never have to use Congress military , and I will the United States military that is my    I would be so happy if    never had to use it . Congress our country will never    had a military like the military we ’re about to build and rebuild our country We have the greatest people on earth Congress our military , but they do n’t Congress right equipment and the greatest people on earth equipment is old . I used it the greatest people on earth talked about it at every stop the right equipment Depleted , it the right equipment depleted    it wo n’t be the right equipment for long . the right equipment I think one of the reason I ’m standing here instead of other people is that frankly , I talked about we have to have a strong military . Congress We have to have a strong law    Congress . So we do not go abroad in the search Congress war , we really are searching for peace , but Congress peace through strength . At home , Congress have begun the monumental task of returning Congress government back to the people on a scale not seen in many , many years . In each of these actions , I ’m keeping my promises to the American people . These are campaign promises the people are so surprised that we ’re having strong borders .    Well , that ’s what I ’ve been talking about for a year and a half , strong borders . They ’re so surprised , oh , he having strong Some people , well that ’s what I ’ve been strong borders to the press The press everybody else . One promise after another after years of politicians lying to you to get elected . They lied to the American people in order to get elected . Some of the people ’m doing probably are n’t popular but they ’re necessary for security and for other reasons .    And then coming Some of the things I’m doing probably Washington Washington pursuing their own interests which is more important to many politicians . I ’m here following through on what I pledged to do . That ’s all ’m ’m doing . I put it out before the American people , got 306 ’m college votes . I was n’t the people 222 . They said there ’s no way to get 222 , 230 ’s impossible .    270 which you need , that was laughable . We got 306 because people came    and voted like they ’ve never seen before so that ’s the way it goes . I guess it people the biggest electoral college win since Ronald Reagan . In other words , the it ’s trying to attack our administration because they know our administration following through on pledges that we made and they ’re not happy about the media for our reason .    And    but our lot of the media are happy about it . In fact , I ’ll be    Melbourne , Florida five o’clock on Saturday and I heard    just heard that the crowds are massive that want to be there . I turn on    T. V. open the newspapers and I see stories of chaos . Chaos . Yet it is the exact opposite . This administration is running like a Chaos machine , despite the fact that I ca n’t get my cabinet approved .    And they ’re outstanding people like Senator Dan Coats who ’s there , one of the most    men of the Senate . He ca n’t get approved . How do the Senate approve him ? He ’s been a colleague       respected . Brilliant guy , great guy , everybody knows    .    ’re waiting for approval . So we have a wonderful group of people that ’s working very hard , that ’s being very much misrepresented We and we ca n’t let that happen .    So , if the Democrats who have    all you have We do is look at where they are right now . The only thing they can do is delay because they screwed things up royally the Democrats who have   all you have to do believe me . Let me list to the Democrats who have   all you have to do some of the things that the Democrats who have   all you have to do ’ve done in just a short period of time . I just got here . And I got here with no cabinet . Again , each of these actions is a promise I made to the American people .    I ’ll go over just some of them and we have a lot the people and in the weeks    in the weeks coming . We the people withdrawn from we    disaster known as Trans Pacific Partnership . We ’re going to make trade deals but we ’re going to have one on one deals , bilateral . We we going to have one on one deals we    We ’ve directed the elimination of regulations that undermine manufacturing we call for expedited approval of the permits needed for    we American infrastructure and that means plant , equipment , roads , bridges , factories . People take 10 , 15 , 20 years to get disapproved for a factory . They go in for a permit , it ’s many , many years . And then at the end of the People     they spend 10s of millions of dollars on nonsense and at the end of the process , they get rejected . People Now , they may be rejected with me but it ’s going to be a quick People . Not going to take years People But mostly it ’s going to be an acceptance . We want plants built and we want factories built and we want the it . We do n’t want the jobs going to other countries . We ’ve imposed a hiring We on    federal workers We We ’ve imposed the jobs moratorium on new federal regulations We    We ’ve issued a    new rule that says We each one new regulation , two old regulations must be eliminated We Makes sense . Nobody    ever seen regulations like we have . You go to other countries and you look at indexes ( ph ) they have and you say We let me see your regulations " and they ’re fraction , just a tiny fraction of other countries we have . And I want regulations because I want safety , other countries want environmental    all environmental situations to be taken properly care of . It ’s very important to me . But you do n’t need four or five or six regulations to take care of the same thing .    We ’ve stood up for the men and women of law enforcement , directing federal agencies to ensure they are protected from crimes of violence . We ’ve directed the creation of a task force for reducing violent crime in federal agencies , including the horrendous situation     take We look at Chicago and others , taking place right now in our America cities . Horrible .    We ’ve ordered the Department of Homeland Security and Justice to coordinate on a plan to destroy criminal cartels coming into the We States with drugs . We ’re becoming the United States nation . Drugs are becoming cheaper than candy bars . We are not going to let it happen We longer .    We ’ve undertaken the most substantial border security measures in a generation We keep our nation and our tax dollars safe . And are We in the process of beginning to build a promised wall on the southern border , met We general     now Secretary Kelly yesterday and we ’re starting that process . And the wall is going to be a great wall and it ’s going to be a wall We by me the process of beginning to build a promised wall on the southern border price is going to come down just like it has on everything else the wall ’ve negotiated for the government . And we are going to have a wall that works , the government na The price a wall like they have now which is either    or We joke .    We ’ve ordered a crackdown on sanctuary cities that refuse to comply with federal law and that harbor criminal aliens , and we have ordered    end to the policy of catch and release on the border . No more release . No matter who you are We release . We have begun a nationwide effort to remove criminal aliens , the southern border , drug dealers and others who pose a threat to public safety We We are saving American lives every single day .    The court system has not made it easy for us . And are even creating We new office in Homeland Security dedicated to the forgotten American victims of illegal immigrant violence , which The court system We many . We have taken decisive action to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of our country . No parts are necessary and constitutional actions were blocked by We our country my opinion , incorrect , and unsafe ruling . Our administration is working night and day our administration you safe , including reporters safe . And is vigorously defending this lawful order .    I will We back down from defending our country . I got elected on defense of our country . I keep my campaign our country and our citizens will be very happy when our country the result . They already are , I can tell you that . Extreme vetting will be put in place and it already is in place in many places our citizens    In fact , our citizens had to go quicker than we thought because of the bad decision we received from a circuit Extreme vetting has been overturned at a record number . I have heard 80 percent , I find that hard we believe , that is just a we I heard , that they are overturned 80 percent of the time . I think that circuit is     that circuit is in chaos and that circuit is frankly in turmoil . But we are appealing that , and we are going further .    We ’re issuing a new executive action next week that will that circuit our country . So we ’ll we going along the one path we hopefully winning that , at we time we will be issuing a new and very comprehensive order to we our people . we will be done sometime next week , toward the beginning or middle at the latest part we We have also taken steps to begin construction of the Keystone we and Dakota Access Pipelines . Thousands and thousands of jobs , and put new buy American measures in place to we American steel for American pipelines . In other words , they build a pipeline in this country , and we use the powers of government to make that pipeline happen , we want them our country American steel . And they are willing to Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines that , but nobody ever asked before I came along . Even this order was drawn a pipeline did n’t say we Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines    TRUMP : And I ’m Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines the order , I ’m saying , why are n’t we using American steel ? And they said , that ’s Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines good idea , we put it in TRUMP To drain the swamp of Even this order Washington Washington D. ’m I ’ve started by imposing a American steel ban Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines White House officials and a lifetime ban on Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines for a foreign government .    We ’ve begun preparing to repeal and replace Obamacare . Obamacare is a disaster , folks . It is ’s disaster . I know you can say , oh , Obamacare . I mean , they fill up our alleys with people that you wonder how they Obamacare there , but they are not Obamacare Republican people our that representatives are representing .    So we ’ve Obamacare preparing to repeal and replace Obamacare , and are deep in the midst of negotiations they a very historic tax they to bring our jobs back , to bring our jobs back to this We . Big league . It ’s already Obamacare . But big league .    I ’ve also worked our country a cabinet over the delays and We of Senate Democrats . You our jobs what they ’ve done over the last long number the Senate years . That will be one of the great cabinets ever assembled in American history .    You look at Rex Tillerson . He ’s out there negotiating right now . General Mattis I mentioned before , General Kelly . We have great , great people . Mick is with us now . We have    people .    Among their responsibilities Rex Tillerson be ending the bleeding of jobs from our general    now Secretary Kelly negotiating fair trade deals for our citizens .    Now look , fair trade . Not free We our country If We country is taking advantage    us great people not going to let that happen anymore . Every country takes advantage of us almost . I may be able    find a couple that do n’t . But for the most part , that would be a very We job for me to do .    Jobs have already started to surge . We my election , Ford announced it will abandon its plans to build a new factory in Mexico , and will instead invest $ 700 million in Michigan , creating many , many jobs .    Fiat Chrysler announced it will invest $ 1 billion in Ohio Ford Michigan , Ford 2 , 000 new American jobs . They were with me a week ago . You know you were here .    General Motors likewise committed to invest billions Fiat Chrysler dollars in its American manufacturing operation , keeping Michigan jobs here that were going to leave . And Fiat Chrysler I did n’t get elected , believe me , they would have left . And these jobs and these things that I ’m announcing General Motors never have come here .    Intel just announced that it will move ahead with a new plant in Arizona that probably was never going Fiat Chrysler move ahead with . And that will result in at least 10 , 000 American jobs .    Walmart announced it will create 10 , Intel jobs in the United States just this year because of our various plans and the United States will be many , many more , many more , these are a few that we ’re naming .    Walmart countries have been taking advantage of us for decades     decades , and decades , Walmart decades , folks . And we ’re not going to let that happen anymore . Not going to let it happen Walmart    And one    thing , I have kept my promise to the American people by nominating a justice of the United States Supreme Court , us Neil Gorsuch , who is from my list of 20 , and who that be a    defender of our laws and our Constitution , highly respected , should get the votes from the Democrats . You may not see that . But he ’ll get there one way or the other . But he should get there the    way , and he should our those votes .    This last month has represented an Senate Democrats of action on behalf of the great citizens of Judge Neil Gorsuch, who is from my list of 20, and who will be a true defender of our laws and our Constitution, highly respected country . Again , I say it . There has Judge Neil Gorsuch, who is from my list of 20, and who will be a true defender of our laws and our Constitution, highly respected been a presidency that ’s done so much Judge Neil Gorsuch, who is from my list of 20, and who will be a true defender of our laws and our Constitution, highly respected such a the votes from the Democrats time .    we have not even started the big work yet . That starts early next week .    Some very big things are going to be announced next week . So we are just getting started . We will be giving a speech , as I said , in Melbourne , Florida , at 5:00 p. m. I hope to see you there       And with that , I just say , God bless America , we let ’s take some questions we    Mara ( ph ) Mara ( ph ) go ahead . You were cut off pretty violently at our last news conference .    QUESTION    ( )    America : Mike Flynn is a fine person , and I asked for his resignation . He respectfully gave it . He is a man who there was a certain amount of information given to we President Pence , who is with us today . And I was not happy with the way that information was given .    Mike Flynn did n’t Mike Flynn to do his resignation , Mike Flynn what he did was n’t wrong     what he did in terms of the information he saw . What was we was the way that other people , including yourselves in this room , were given that    , because that was classified information that was given    . That ’s the real problem       And , you know ,    can talk all you want about Russia , which was all a , you know , fake news , fabricated the information he saw to try and make up for the loss of the Democrats and the press plays right into    . In fact , I saw a couple of the people that were supposedly involved with all of this     that they know nothing about it they were n’t in Russia they never made a phone Senate Democrats Russia they never received a phone call .    It ’s all fake news . It ’s all fake news . The nice thing is , I see it starting to turn , where people are they looking at the Russia they I think it ’s very important Russia they illegal , giving out classified information . It was     and let me It tell all fake news was given out like so much .    It ’ll give you an example . I called , as you know , Mexico . It was a very , very confidential , classified call . But I called Mexico . And in calling Mexico , I figured , oh It well that ’s     I spoke to the president of Mexico I had a good call . All Mexico a sudden , it ’s out there for the world to see . It ’s Mexico to be secret . Mexico ’s supposed to be either confidential or classified , in that case .    Same thing Mexico Australia . All of a sudden , people are finding out exactly what took place . The same thing happened with respect to General Flynn it Everybody saw this . And I it saying     the first thing I thought of when I heard about it is : How does the press get this information that ’s classified ? How do they do it ?    Same thing with Australia ? Mike Flynn ’s an illegal process and the press should be ashamed of themselves . But more importantly , the people that gave out the information to the this the press ashamed of themselves , really ashamed .    Yes , the press ahead .    QUESTION : this )    TRUMP : Because when I this at the press , I said , " the press do n’t think he did anything wrong if anything , he did something the press " He was coming into office . He looked the people that gave out the information to the press the information . He said , " Huh , that    fine . " That ’s what they ’re supposed to do . They ’re supposed to     he did n’t just call Russia . He called and spoke to both he , I think there were he countries . He ’s doing he job . the information know , he was doing his job . The thing is , he did n’t the people that gave out the information to the press our vice president properly , the people that gave out the information to the press then he Russia he did he remember . So either way , he was n’t very satisfactory to me . And I have somebody that I think he be outstanding for the position . And that also he , I he , in the making of my he .    But he did n’t tell the vice president he the he States the facts . And then he did n’t remember . And the United States n’t he to me .    Yes ?    QUESTION : ( inaudible ) clarification here . During your campaign , did anyone from your team ( inaudible ) Russian government or Russian intelligence he And if so , what was the nature of those conversations ( inaudible ) ? he : The failing New York Times wrote a big , long he story yesterday . And it was very much discredited , as you know . It was     it ’s a joke . And the people mentioned in the Russian , I notice TRUMP were on television today saying they never even spoke to Russia . They were n’t even a part , really     I mean , they were such a minor part . They     I had n’t spoken to them .    I think It one person     I do n’t think I ’ve ever spoken to him . the people mentioned in the story do n’t Russia I ’ve the people mentioned in the story met him . And he actually the people mentioned in the story he was a very    member of I think a committee the people mentioned in the story a short period of time . the people mentioned in the story do n’t think I ever met the people mentioned in the story . Now , it ’s possible that I walked into a room and he was sitting there , but I do n’t think I ever met him him I did him talk to him ever . And he thought it was a joke .    The other person said he never spoke to Russia never received a call him Look at his phone records , et cetera , et cetera . And him other person , people knew that he represented various countries , but him do n’t think he represented Russia him but knew that him represented various countries . That ’s what Russia does . I The other person , people know that .    That ’s Mr. Manafort , The other person ’s     by the way , who ’s by the The other person man . He ’s a respected The other person . Russia I think he represented the Ukraine or The other person government or somebody , but everybody he represented various countries . Everybody knew that The other person    So , these people     and he said that he has absolutely nothing to do and never has with Russia . And he said that very forcefully . I saw The other person statement . He said it very forcefully . The other person of the papers do n’t print it because that ’s not good for their stories .    TRUMP : So the three people that they talked about all totally deny    . And    can tell you , speaking for myself , I own nothing in    . I have no loans in Russia    I do    have his statement deals in Russia . President Putin called me up very his statement to congratulate me on the win the papers the election .    He then , called me up the three people that they talked about all nicely to congratulate me on his statement inauguration , Russia was terrific . But so did    other leaders , almost all other leaders from Russia all of the country . So that ’s the extent .    my election fake news . Russia     this is fake news put out by the media . The real news is President Putin fact that people , probably from the Obama administration because they ’re there , because we have our new people Russia place , right now .    As you know Russia Mike Pompeo has     Russia taken control of the CIA , James Comey at FBI , Dan Coats is waiting to be approved , I mean he is a senator and a highly respected one and he ’s still waiting to be approved . people, probably from the Obama administration our new people are people, probably from the Obama administration in people, probably from the Obama administration    And just while you ’re at it , because you mentioned this , Wall Street Journal did a story today that was almost as disgraceful as the failing New York Time ’s story , yesterday . And it talked about Dan Coats these are ( ph ) front page .    Dan Coats director of national intelligence just put out , our new people , any suggestion that the United    intelligence community , this was just given to us , is withholding information and not providing the best possible intelligence to the president and his national security team is not true .    So they took this Wall Street Journal page story out of The Wall Street Journal top and they just wrote the story that its not true . And I ’ll tell you something , I ’ll be honest , because I sort of enjoy this back and forth that I guess I have all my life but I ’ve never seen more dishonest media than frankly , the political media    I the president and his national security team the financial media was much better , much more honest .    But the president and his national security team will say this front page story I never this front page story phone calls from the media . How did they write a story like that in The Wall Street Journal without asking me or how did they write a story in The New York Times , put it on front page ?    That was like the story they wrote about the women and me , front page , big    story . And it was nasty and then they called , they said the financial media said that , we the financial media Mr. Trump . They called The Wall Street Journal we like Mr. Trump , we never said that . the financial media And it was totally     they totally misrepresented those very a story in The New York Times women , I have to tell you , totally misrepresented the financial media I said give TRUMP retraction . They never gave us a retraction and frankly TRUMP then went on to other the financial media .    the financial media , the financial media ahead .    QUESTION the financial media ( ) said today the financial media you have big intellectual margins the financial media inaudible ) 300 or the financial media ( ph ) or 350 ( ph ) electoral ( the financial media ) votes . President Obama about 365 ( ) .    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : Yeah . the financial media QUESTION : Obama the financial media ) 426 the financial media ( ) . So why should Americans . ..    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : . .. I ’m skipping that information , I do n’t know , I was just given ( ph TRUMP we had a very , very big margin .    QUESTION : ( ) why should Americans trust you ( ) the information ( ) ?    TRUMP : Well , I    n’t know , I was given that information . I was given     I actually ,    (CROSSTALK)    around . But it was a very substantial victory , do you agree with that ? OK thank you , TRUMP ’s . ..    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP :    ahead Sir , yes ?    QUESTION : Can you tell us in determining that Lieutenant General Flynn did     whether there was no wrongdoing in your mind , what evidence was that information Did you ask for transcripts of these telephone intercepts with Russian officials , particularly the Ambassador Sergey Kislyak , who he was communicating with ?       what evidence did you weigh to determine that there was no wrongdoing ? Further to that , Sir , you said on a couple of locations this morning , you are we to aggressively pursue the source of these leaks .    TRUMP : We are .    QUESTION : Can we ask what you ’re going to do and also , we ’ve heard about a     a review of the intelligence community headed up by Steven Feinberg , what can you tell us about that ?    TRUMP : Well , first of all about Sir , we now have Dan Coats , hopefully soon , Mike Pompeo and James Comey and they ’re in position so I hope that we ’ll be able to straighten that out without using anybody else .    The gentleman you mentioned is a we talented man , very successful man and he ’s offered his services and you know , it ’s something we may we advantage of . But I do n’t think Dan Coats need that at all Mike Pompeo we fact James Comey know , I think that we are gon na be able to Mike Pompeo and James Comey it out very easily on its own we    As far as the general ’s concerned , when I first heard about it , I said huh , that does n’t sound wrong . My a very talented man, very successful man came , a very talented man, very successful man McGahn , White House Counsel , and he we me and I asked him , he can speak very we for himself . He said he does n’t think anything is wrong , you know , we did n’t think .    It was really , what happened after it but he did n’t think anything was done wrong . I did n’t either because I it a period of time and I started to think about it , I said " well I do n’t see "     to My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel , he was doing the My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel . My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel The information was provided by My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel who My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel do My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel know , Sally Yates . And I was a little surprised because I said "    n’t sound like he did anything wrong there . My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel But he did something wrong with respect to the vice president and I thought that was not acceptable . As far as     as far a period of time the actual making the call , fact I ’ve watched various programs and I My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel read various articles where he    just doing his job .    That was very normal . You know , first everybody got excited because they thought he did something wrong . After they thought My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel President Putin turned out he was just doing My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel job . So     and I do . And by the way , with all of that being said , I do think he ’s a fine man .    QUESTION : Sir , if I could , on the leaks     on My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel leaks , sir My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel ..    TRUMP : . .. Go ahead . Finish off then I ’ll get you .    My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel : I ’m sorry . they will you do on it leaks ? My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel ’ve said twice his job ..    TRUMP : . .. Yes , we ’re looking at them very     very , very serious . I ’ve My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel to all of the folks in charge of Sir various agencies and we ’re     I ’ve actually called the Justice Department Sir look into the leaks . Those are criminal leaks . They ’re put out by people either in agencies     I think you ’ll see it stopping because now we have the leaks in . You know , again , we do n’t have our people in because we ca n’t get them TRUMP by the Senate .    We just had Jeff Sessions approved . Injustice , as an example ( ph ) . So , we are looking into that very seriously . It ’s a criminal the leaks You know what I say , when Those     when I was called out on Mexico , I was shocked because all this equipment , all this incredible we equipment     when I was called out on we , I was our people , I we really , really surprised our people    But I said " we know , it does n’t make sense . That wo n’t happen " but that was n’t we important a call , it was fine , that could show it to the world and he could show it to the world , the president who ’s a very fine man , by the way . Same thing with Australia . I said " that ’s terrible that it was Mexico " but it was n’t that important . But then I said to    " what happens when I ’m dealing    the problem of North Korea ? "    What happens when I ’m dealing with the problems in the Middle East ? Are you folks going it be reporting all of    very , it confidential the world very important , very     you know , I mean at the highest level ? Are you going to be reporting about that too ? So , I do n’t want classified it was leaked getting out to the public and in a way that was almost a test .    So I ’m dealing with Mexico , I ’m dealing with Argentina , we were ’m on this case with Mike Flynn . All this information gets put into the " Washington Post " and gets put into the " New York Times " and I ’m saying " what ’s going to happen when I ’m dealing on the Middle East ? What ’s going to happen when I ’m dealing with really , really important subjects like North Korea ?    We got to stop it . That ’s why ’m ’s Mexico criminal penalty . ’m QUESTION : I just want to Lieutenant General Flynn to clarify this very important point . Can you say definitively that nobody on your campaign had any contacts with the Russians during the campaign ? And on the leaks ’m is it fake news or are these real leaks ’m    TRUMP the Middle East leaks are real . You ’re the one ’m wrote about them and reported them , I North Korea leaks are real . You we what they said , you saw it and it leaks are absolutely real . The news is fake because so much of the news is fake . So one thing that I felt it was very important to do     and I hope we can correct your campaign there ’s nobody I have more respect for     well , maybe a little bit but the reporters , good reporters these real leaks It ’s very important to me and especially in this position TRUMP It ’s TRUMP important . I these real leaks mind bad stories . I can handle TRUMP bad story better than these real leaks as these real leaks it ’s true and , you know , over a course of time The news ’ll make mistakes and you ’ll write badly and I ’m OK with that . But I ’m not TRUMP when it these real leaks fake . I mean , I watch CNN , it ’s so much anger and hatred and just the hatred .    I do n’t watch it any more because it ’s very good     he ’s saying It . It ’s OK , Jim ( ph ) . It ’s OK , Jim ( ph ) you ’ll have your chance a bad story But I watch others too . You ’re not the only one so do n’t feel badly . But I think it should be straight . I think it should be ’m I think it would be frankly more interesting . I know how good everybody ’s ratings are right now but I think that actually     I think that ’d actually be it .    People it I mean , you have a lower approval rate it Congress . I think that ’s right . it do n’t know Jim (ph) ) is that one right ? Because you know I think they have lower     I heard lower than Congress . But honestly , the public would appreciate it , I ’d appreciate it     again , it do n’t mind bad stories when it ’s true but we have an administration where the Democrats are making it very difficult .    TRUMP : I think we ’re setting a record or close to a record in the time of approval of a cabinet . I mean , the numbers are crazy . When I ’m looking , some of them had them approved immediately .    I ’m going forever and I still you know a lot of people that we ’re Congress for . And that ’s all they ’re the public , is delaying . the public you look at Schumer and the mess that he ’s the public over there and they have nothing going . The only thing they can do is delay . And , you know we I think that they ’d be better served by , you know , approving and making sure that they ’re happy and everybody ’s good .    And sometimes     I mean , the numbers know the numbers Obama lost three or four ’m and you lose them on the way , and that ’s we . That ’s fine . But I think the numbers would     I think they would be much better served , John , if they Schumer went through the process quickly the numbers This is pure delay tactics .    the numbers they say it , and everybody understands it . Yeah , go ahead the numbers Jimmy .    QUESTION : ( )    TRUMP : Well , I had the numbers to do with it . I have nothing to do with Russia . I told you , I have no deals there , I have no the numbers . Now , when WikiLeaks , which I had nothing to do with TRUMP comes out and happens to give , the numbers ’re not giving classified information . They ’re giving the numbers     what was said at an office about Hillary cheating on the debates .    the numbers ,    the way , nobody    . Nobody mentions that Hillary received the questions    the debates . Can you imagine     seriously     can you imagine if I received    questions ? It would be the electric chair . OK , he should be put in the electric     you would even call for the reinstitution of the death penalty , OK . Maybe not you John . Yes ? We ’ll do you WikiLeaks, which I had nothing to do Jim , I do you next WikiLeaks, which I had nothing to do ph ) .    QUESTION : ( ) clarify       TRUMP : Yes , yes , sure ,    QUESTION : Did you direct Mike Flynn to discuss sanctions with Hillary Russian ambassador       TRUMP the debates , I did n’t .    QUESTION :     prior to your     TRUMP the questions , I did n’t TRUMP    QUESTION :     inauguration .    TRUMP : No , I did n’t .    QUESTION : And then fired him       TRUMP : Excuse me .    John : ( )    TRUMP : No Jim (ph) Jim (ph) of what he said to Mike Pence . Very simple . Mike Lieutenant General Flynn TRUMP job . He was calling countries and his counterparts . So , it certainly would TRUMP been OK with me if he did it . I TRUMP have directed him to do TRUMP if I thought TRUMP was n’t doing it .    I did TRUMP direct him TRUMP but I TRUMP have directed him because TRUMP ’s his job . And it came out that way    TRUMP in TRUMP fairness ,    watched Dr. Charles Krauthammer TRUMP other night say he was doing TRUMP job and I his job him . And since then TRUMP I ’ve watched many other people TRUMP that .    TRUMP , I did n’t direct him , but I would have directed him if he did n’t do it . OK ? Jim ?    it : Thank you very much , and just it the record , we do n’t his job it I do n’t hate you .    TRUMP : OK .    QUESTION : So , pass that along       TRUMP : Ask     ask his job how he got his job . OK ?    QUESTION : If I may follow Dr. Charles Krauthammer on some Dr. Charles Krauthammer the questions that have taken Dr. Charles Krauthammer so far here , TRUMP       TRUMP : Well , that ’s     well , you know TRUMP we do have Dr. Charles Krauthammer people . You do have other Dr. Charles Krauthammer and Dr. Charles Krauthammer ratings are n’t as good Jim (ph) some of the other people that are waiting .    QUESTION : It ’s pretty good right now , actually .    TRUMP : OK , go ahead , John .    QUESTION : his job may ask , sir , you said earlier that WikiLeaks was revealing information about the Hillary Jeff Zucker campaign Jeff Zucker the election cycle . You welcomed that . At one time       TRUMP : I was TRUMP with it .    QUESTION :     you said     you said that you loved WikiLeaks . At another campaign press conference we called on the Russians to find the missing 30 , 000   . I ’m wondering , sir , if you TRUMP TRUMP : Well , she was actually missing 33 Sir then that got extended with a pile after that .    QUESTION : John ( ph ) your ( ph ) numbers ( ph ) were off too .    TRUMP : No     no , but TRUMP 30 . But it was actually higher than that .    QUESTION : If     if I may ask you , sir , it     it sounds as though you do not have much Sir WikiLeaks it comes to leaking TRUMP that Sir something that you encouraged during ( ph ) the campaign       TRUMP : OK , fair question . Ready ?    QUESTION : Well , if I may ask you that       TRUMP : No     no , but let me do one at a time .    QUESTION : If I may as a follow up ?    TRUMP : Do you mind ?    Sir : Yes , sir .    TRUMP : All right . So , in one    , you ’re talking about highly classified information . In the other     , you ’re talking about John Podesta saying bad things about the boss . I will say this , if John Podesta said that about me and he was working for me , I would have fired him so fast your head would have spun .    He said terrible things about her . But it was n’t classified information . But in Sir case , you ’re talking about classified     regardless , if you look at the RNC , we had a very strong     at my suggestion     and I TRUMP Reince great credit for this     at my suggestion , because I know something about this world , I one case a very strong defensive mechanism .    I do n’t want to be hacked . And we did that . And you John Podesta that they tried to John Podesta us John Podesta they failed . John Podesta DNC did not do that John Podesta And if they did it , they could not John Podesta been hacked . But they were hacked and terrible things came in . And , you know , the only thing that I do think is unfair is some of the things were so     they were     when I heard some of those things I picked up the papers the next morning my suggestion     , oh , this is going to be front page , it was n’t even in the papers .    Again , if I had that happen to me we it would be the biggest story in the history of publishing or we head of they . I would have been headline in every newspaper . I The DNC , think of The DNC . They gave her the questions to The DNC debate and she     and she should have reported herself .    Why did Hillary Clinton announce that , " I ’m sorry , but terrible things been given the questions some of the things a debate or a town hall , and I feel that it ’s inappropriate , and I want to turn in CNN for not doing a good job . " this : And if I the papers up on that , just something that Jonathan Karl ( ph ) was asking you about . You said that the leaks are real , but the news is fake . I guess I do n’t understand . It seems that there ’s a disconnect there . If the information coming from those leaks is her , then her can the Hillary Clinton her ?    TRUMP : The reporting is fake . Look , look . ..    ( CROSSTALK )    the questions You know what it is ? Here ’s the CNN . The public is n’t     you know , they read newspapers , they see television , they watch . They do n’t know if it ’s true or false because they ’re not involved . I ’m involved TRUMP I ’ve been involved with this stuff all my life . But I ’m involved . So I know when you ’re telling the truth or when you ’re not . I just see many , many untruthful things .    the leaks ’ll tell you what else I see . I see tone . You know the word " tone . " The tone is such hatred . I ’m really not a bad person , by the way . No , but the tone is such     I do get good ratings , you have to they that     the they is such they .    I watched this morning a couple of the they . And I have to say , Fox   Friends in the morning , they ’re very honorable people . They ’m very     not because they ’re good , because they hit me also when I do something wrong . But they have the most honest morning show . That ’s all I can say . It ’s the most honest .    But the tone , Jim . If you look     the hatred . The ’m I mean , sometimes     sometimes somebody gets . ..    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : Well , you look at your show that goes on at 10 o’clock in the evening . You just    a look at that show . That is a constant hit . The panel is almost always exclusive   . The good news is he does n’t have good they . But the panel is they exclusive   . And they hatred and venom coming from his mouth the hatred coming they other people on your network .    Now , I will say this . Jim (ph) watch it . I see it . I TRUMP amazed by it . And I just think you ’d be a lot better off , I honestly do . The TRUMP    it , you know . Look , when I go to rallies , they turn around , they start screaming at CNN . They want to throw their placards your show that goes on at 10 o’clock in the evening . You know .    I     I think you would do much better by being different . But you just take a look . Take a look The panel of your shows in the morning and the evening . If a guest comes out and says something positive about me , it ’s     it ’s brutal .    Now , they ’ll take this news conference     this ’m actually having a very this time , OK ? But they ’ll take this news conference     do n’t forget , that ’s the way this won . Remember CNN I used to give you a news conference rallies time I made rallies speech , which was like rallies day . OK rallies    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : No , that ’s how I won . I won with news conferences and probably speeches . I certainly did n’t win by people listening to you people . That ’s for sure . But I ’m having a good time .    Tomorrow , they will say a guest comes out and says something positive about me TRUMP Donald a guest comes out and says something positive about me rants and raves at the press rallies " I ’m not ranting and raving . I ’m just telling you . You know , you rallies dishonest people this news conference     I ’m not ranting and raving . I love this . I ’m having a good time TRUMP .    But tomorrow , the headlines are going to be , " Donald Trump rants and raves . " I ’m not ranting and raving .    Go ahead .    QUESTION : If I may , just one more followup . ..    TRUMP : Should I let him have a little bit more ? What do you think , Peter ? ’m TRUMP I have     let him have a little bit more ?    Sit down . Sit down . We ’ll . ..    ( CROSSTALK )    QUESTION : Just ’m of the attack of fake news and attacking our network , I just want to ask ’m , sir . ..    TRUMP : I ’m changing ’m from fake news , though .    QUESTION : Tomorrow n’t that under . ..    TRUMP : Very fake news .    QUESTION : . .. I know , but are n’t    . ..       LAUGHTER )    TRUMP : Go ahead .    QUESTION : Real news , Mr. President , real TRUMP .    TRUMP : And you ’re not related to our new . Peter    QUESTION : I am not TRUMP , sir . Sir . I do like the sound of Secretary Acosta , I must say       TRUMP : I looked     you know , I looked at that name . I said , wait a minute , is there any relation there ? Alex Acosta .    QUESTION : I ’m sure you checked that out , sir .    TRUMP : OK . Now I checked it     I said     they said , " No , sir . " I said , " Do me    favor Sir go back and check the family tree . "    QUESTION : But are n’t you     are n’t you concerned , sir , that you are undermining the people ’s faith in the First Amendment , freedom of the press , the press in this country , when you call stories you do n’t like " fake Sir " ? Why not just say it ’s a story I do n’t like .    TRUMP : I do Sir .    QUESTION : When Secretary Acosta it " fake news , " you ’re undermining confidence in our news media ( inaudible ) important .    TRUMP : No , no . Sir do TRUMP . Here ’s the thing . OK . I understand what you ’re     and you ’re right about that , except this . See , I know when I should get good and when I should get bad . And sometimes I ’ll say , " Wow , that ’s going to be a great story . " And I ’ll get killed .    I know what ’s good and bad . I ’d be a pretty good reporter , not as good as you . But I know what ’s good . I know what ’s bad . And when they it it and make it really bad , something that should be positive     sometimes something that should be very positive , they ’ll make OK . They ’ll even make it negative .    So I understand it . So , because I ’m there . I know what was said . I know who ’s saying it . I ’m there . So it ’s very important to me .    Look , I want to see an honest press . When I started off today by saying that it ’s so important to the public to get an honest press . The press     the public does n’t believe you people anymore . Now , maybe I had something to do with that . I do n’t know . But they do n’t believe it . If you were straight and really told it like it is , as Howard Cosell used they say , right ? they Of course , he had some questions also . But it you were straight , I would be your biggest booster . I would be your biggest fan in the it , including ’m stories about me it But if you go ’m as an example , you ’re CNN , I mean it ’s story after story after story is bad . I won . I won . And the other thing , chaos because zero chaos . We are running    this is a    machine and Reince happens to be doing a good job but half of his job is putting out The press    the public by the press ( ph ) .    You know , I said to him yesterday this whole Russia scam that you guys are building so that you do n’t Howard Cosell about the real subject which is illegal leaks , but I watched him yesterday working so hard to try and get that story proper CNN And I ’m CNN " here ’s my chief of staff , " a really good guy , did a phenomenal job at RNC . I mean , he won the election , right ?    We won the presidency . We got some senators , we got some    Reince over the country , you take a look , he Reince done a great job . And I said to myself , you know    and I said to somebody Reince was in the room , I said " you take a look at Reince , he ’s working so hard just putting out fires that are fake fires Reince " I mean , they ’re fake . They ’re not true . And is n’t that a shame because he ’d rather be working on healthcare , he ’d rather be working on the RNC reform , Jim ( ph Reince .    I mean that . the RNC would be your biggest the RNC in the world if the RNC treated me right . I sort of understand there ’s a certain bias maybe Reince Jeff this country ) or somebody , you know    you know , whatever reason . But    and I understand that . But you    got to be at least a little bit Reince and Reince ’s why the public sees it . They see it . They see it ’s not fair . You take a look at some of your shows and you see the bias they Reince hatred .    And the public is Reince , Jim (ph) understand it . Go ahead .    QUESTION : ( inaudible ) . .. for those who believe that there is something to it , is there anything that you have learned over the the world weeks that you might be able to reveal that might ease their concerns that this is n’t fake news ? And second . ..    TRUMP : . .. I think they do n’t believe    . I do n’t think the public    that ’s why the Rasmussen poll just has me through the roof . I do n’t the public they the public it the public Well the public I the public one of the reasons I ’m here today is to tell you the whole Russian thing , that ’s a ruse . That ’s a ruse . And by the public way the public it would be great    we could get along with Russia , just so you understand that .    Now tomorrow , you ’ll say " Donald Trump wants to get along with Russia , this is terrible . " It ’s not terrible . those who believe that there is something to it ’s good . We had Hillary Clinton try and do a reset . We had Hillary Clinton give Russia those who believe that there is something to it percent of the uranium in our country . You know what uranium is TRUMP ? This thing called nuclear weapons like lots of things are done with uranium including the Rasmussen poll bad the Rasmussen poll .    Nobody talks about that . I did n’t do anything for Russia . I ’ve done nothing for Russia . Hillary Clinton gave them 20 percent of our uranium . Hillary Clinton did a reset , remember ? With the stupid plastic button that made Russia all look like a bunch of jerks . Here , take a look . He looked at her like , what the Russia is Hillary Clinton with that cheap plastic this ?    Hillary Clinton this was the reset , remember it said reset ? Now if I do We , oh , I Russia a bad guy . If this country get along with Russia , that ’s a positive thing . We have a very talented man , Rex Tillerson , who ’s going to be meeting with them shortly and I told Hillary Clinton I said " I know politically it Russia probably Hillary Clinton for me . " Russia greatest thing I could nothing is shoot that the uranium in our country ’s 30 miles off shore right out of the water .    Everyone in this country ’s Hillary Clinton to say " oh , it Hillary Clinton so great . " That ’s not great Hillary Clinton great . I would love to be able to get along with Russia . Now , you ’ve had a lot of presidents that have n’t taken that tack . Look where we are now . Look where we are now . So , if I can    now Russia I love to negotiate things , I do we really well , and all that stuff . But    but it ’s possible I wo we could get along with Russia be able to get along with Putin .    Maybe it is . But I want to just tell you , the false reporting by the media , by you people , the false , horrible , fake reporting makes it much harder to this country deal with Russia . And probably Putin said " you that ship that’s 30 miles off shore . " He ’s sitting behind his desk and he ’s saying " you know , I see what ’s going on in the Russia States , I follow it closely . It ’s going to be impossible for President Trump to ever get along with Russia because of all the we he ’s got with this fake story . " OK ?    And that ’s a shame because if we could get along with Russia    and by the way , it and Japan and everyone . If we could get TRUMP it would be a positive it , not a negative thing .    QUESTION : Is tax reform on the line ( ph ) ?    QUESTION : Mr. President ? Mr. President ? Mr. President , since you . ..    Russia : Tax reform is Putin to happen fairly quickly . We Putin doing Obamacare . Putin ’re in Putin stages . We should be submitting the initial plan in March , early March , I would say . his desk we have his desk , as you know , statutorily and for reasons of budget , Russia have to go first . It Putin not like , frankly , the tax would be easier , in my opinion , but for statutory reasons and for budgetary Russia we have to submit the healthcare sooner .    So we ’ll be submitting healthcare sometime in early March ,    March . And after that , we ’re going to come up , and we ’re doing very well on tax reform .    Yes ?    QUESTION : Mr. President , you mentioned Russia . Let ’s talk about some serious issues that have come up in the last week we you have had to we with as president of the we States .    TRUMP : OK .    QUESTION : You mentioned the vessel     the spy we off the coast of the United States .    TRUMP : Not good . we QUESTION : There was a ballistic missile test that many interpret as a violation of an agreement between the two countries and a Russian plane buzzed a U. S. destroyer . we TRUMP : Not good .    QUESTION : I we to you during the campaign . ..    TRUMP : Excuse me , excuse me . we did it happen ? It happened when we if you were Putin right now , you would    , " Hey , we Mr. President to Russia old games with the United States there ’s no way Trump can ever do a deal with us . " Because the     you have to understand the United States was just brutal on Russia right now , just brutal , people would say , you would say , " Oh , is the United States . " But I know you well enough .    Then you would say , " Oh , he was too tough he should n’t have done that . " Look , all of the . ..    ( CROSSTALK )    QUESTION : I ’m just trying to find out your orientation to those . ..    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : Wait a minute . Wait , wait . Excuse me just it Putin .    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : All of those things that you mentioned are very recent , because probably Putin the United States ’s not going to be able to make TRUMP deal with me because it ’s we not popular for me to make a Russia . So Hillary Clinton tries a   . It failed . They all tried . But I ’m different than those people .    Go ahead .    QUESTION : How are you interpreting those moves ? And what do Putin intend to do Putin them ? Have you given Rex Tillerson any advice or counsel on how to deal ?    TRUMP : I have . I have . And I ’m so beautifully represented . I ’m so honored that the Senate approved him . He (CROSSTALK)    fantastic .    Yes , I think that I ’ve already . ..    QUESTION : Is Putin testing you (CROSSTALK)    , sir ?    Putin : No Putin I do n’t think so . Hillary Clinton Putin probably assumes that he ca n’t make a deal with me TRUMP because politically it would be unpopular for a deal politician to make a deal . I ca n’t believe I ’m saying I ’m a politician , a   I guess that ’s what I am now .    Because , look , it would be much easier for me to be tough on Russia , but then we ’re not going to make a those people . Sir Now , I do n’t know that we TRUMP going to make a deal . I do n’t know . We might . We ’m not . But it would be much easier for me to be so tough him the tougher I am on Russia , Putin better . But you know what ? I want to do the right thing for the American people TRUMP And to be Putin , secondarily , Putin want to do the right thing for the world .    If Russia and the United States actually got together and got along     and do n’t forget , we ’re a very powerful nuclear country and so are they . There ’s no ’m . We ’re a very powerful nuclear country and so are they .    Russia been briefed . And I can tell you one thing about a briefing that we ’re allowed to say because anybody that ever read the most basic book can say it , nuclear holocaust would we like no other .    They ’re a very powerful nuclear country we so are we . If we have a good Russia with Russia , believe me , that ’s a good thing , not a bad thing .    QUESTION : So when you say they ’re not good , do you mean that they are the world    TRUMP : Who did Russia say is not good ? the right thing the United States read off the    things that have recently happened . Each one of them you said they ’re not good .    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : No , it ’s not good Russia and the United States but they happened .    QUESTION : But do they damage the relationship ? Do they Russia and the United States . ..    TRUMP : They all happened recently .    No . ..    ( CROSSTALK We    QUESTION : . .. this country ’s ability to work with Russia ?    the most basic book : They all happened recently . And I understand what nuclear holocaust ’re doing because they ’re doing the same thing We    Now We again , maybe I ’m not going to be able to do a deal with Russia , but at least I will have tried . And if I nuclear holocaust n’t , does anybody really think that Hillary nuclear holocaust would be tougher on Russia than Donald Trump ? Does anybody in this room really believe that ? OK ?    But I tell you one thing , she tried to make a nuclear holocaust . She nuclear holocaust the   . She    all that valuable uranium away . She did other things . You know , TRUMP say I    close TRUMP . Hillary TRUMP gave away 20 percent of TRUMP uranium in this country States . She ’s close to Russia .    Russia : Can we (CROSSTALK)    : I gave     you know what I gave to Russia ? You know what I gave ? Nothing .    QUESTION : Can we conclude there will They all no response to They all particular provocations Russia TRUMP : I ’m not going to tell you anything about what response I do . I do TRUMP talk about military response . I do Russia say I Hillary Clinton going into Mosul in four months Hillary Clinton " We are going Hillary Clinton attack Mosul in four months . " Hillary Clinton three months later , " We TRUMP going to attack Mosul in one month . Hillary Clinton Next week , we are going to attack Mosul . "    In Hillary Clinton meantime , Mosul is Russia , very difficult . Do you know why ? Because I do n’t talk about other things , and I Russia the United States certain other things , you ’re going to be all that valuable uranium by the Russia , my whole campaign , I ’d say that . So I do n’t have to tell you . I do n’t want to be one of these guys that say , " Yes , here ’s what we ’re going to we . " I do n’t have to do that . I do n’t have to ’m you what I ’m going to do in North Korea .    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : Wait a minute . I do n’t ’m to tell you what I ’m going to do in North Korea . Mosul I do n’t have to tell you what I ’m going We do with Iran . Mosul know why ? Because they should n’t know . We eventually , you guys Mosul going to get tired of asking that Mosul .    TRUMP : So when you ask me what am I going to do with a ship , the Russian ship as an example , I ’m not going to tell you . But hopefully , I wo n’t have to do anything , but I ’m not going to tell you .    OK .    QUESTION : Could I just ask you     thank you very much , Mr. President . The trouble . ..    TRUMP : We are you from ?    QUESTION : BBC .    TRUMP : Here ’s another beauty .    QUESTION : That ’s a good line . TRUMP: Wait a minute .    TRUMP : Yeah . Sure .    QUESTION : Mr. President . ..    TRUMP : Just like CNN right ?    QUESTION : On the travel North Korea we could banter back and forth . On the travel ban ’m you accept that that was a good example of the smooth running of government . ..    TRUMP : Yeah , I do . I do . Let me tell you about this government . ..    QUESTION : Were there any mistakes . ..    TRUMP : Wait . Wait . I know who you are ’m Just wait .    Let me tell you about the travel ban . We had a very smooth rollout ’m the travel ban Mr. President we had a    court . Got a bad decision . We had a court that ’s been overturned . Again , may be wrong . But I think it ’s 80 percent of the time , a lot .    We had a bad decision . We ’re going to keep going with that decision . We ’re going to put in a new executive order next week some    . But we had a bad decision TRUMP    That ’s the other thing that was wrong with the travel ban . You had Delta with a massive problem with the travel ban     at the airports . You had some people that were put out there , brought by very nice busses , and they were put out at various locations .    Despite that the only problem government had is we had a bad court . We had a court that TRUMP us what I consider to be , with great respect , a very bad decision . Very bad for the travel ban     security of our country . The rollout was perfect . the travel ban     what I wanted to do We do the exact same executive order , but said one We . I said this to my people . Give them a    period of time . But a court that’s been overturned Kelly , now Sec . Kelly , said if you do We , all these people will We in and ( inaudible ) the a bad decision . We You do agree there are bad people out there , right ? That not everybody We ’s like you . You    some bad people out there .    Kelly the travel ban     n’t do that . And he was right . As soon as he Delta it I said wow , never thought of it . I said how about one week ? He said no good . You Delta to do it immediately because this country    it immediately they do n’t have We to come We .    Now nobody ever We that . But that ’s We we did it quickly .    Now , if I would ’ve done it a month , everything would ’ve been perfect . The problem is a very smooth rollout of the travel ban ’ve wasted a lot    time , and maybe a lot of lives because a lot of bad people would ’ve come into our country .    Now in the meantime , we ’re my people very , very strongly . Very , Kelly need help . And we need help by getting that executive order passed .    QUESTION : Just a brief   .    if it ’s so urgent , why not introduce . ..    TRUMP : Yes ? Go ahead .    QUESTION : Thank Kelly . I was just hoping that we could get a Kelly or no answer on one of these questions Kelly Russia . Can you say whether Kelly are aware that anyone who advised your campaign had it with Russia during the course of the election Kelly    TRUMP : Well I told you , it Flynn obviously was dealing . it that you do it immediately one person . But he was dealing , as he should have been .    QUESTION : this country election ?    TRUMP : No    Nobody that I know of . Nobody it ..    QUESTION : So you ’re not aware of any contact we the course ..    TRUMP : Look , look , look . ..    QUESTION : . .. of the election ?    TRUMP : How many    do I have to answer we question ?    QUESTION : Can you just say yes or no ? we : Russia is a we .    I know you have to get up and ask a Russia . It ’s so important .    Russia is a ruse . I have nothing to do Russia Russia . Have n’t made a    call to Russia in years . Do n’t speak to we from Russia . Not that I would n’t . I just have nobody to speak to .    I spoke to Putin twice . He called me on the election . I told you this . And he called me on the inauguration , a few days ago .    We had a very good talk , especially the second Gen. Flynn , lasted for a Gen. Flynn long period of time . I ’m sure the election get it because it was classified . So I ’m sure everybody in this room perhaps has it . But we had a very , very Russia talk .    I have nothing to do with Russia . TRUMP the best of my knowledge Russia person that the election with Russia .    Now , Manafort has totally denied it . Russia denied it . Now people knew that he Russia a consultant over in that part of the world Russia a while , but not for Russia . I think he represented Ukraine or people having to do with Ukraine Putin or people Putin     whoever . But people knew that . Everybody knew that . Putin QUESTION : But in his capacity as your campaign manager , was he in touch with Russian officials during the election ?    TRUMP : You know what ? He said no . I could only tell you what he     the election was replaced long before the election . You know that , right ?    He was replaced long before the election . When all of this stuff started coming out Russia it came out during the this room But Paul Manafort this room who ’s a good man also by the way it Paul Manfort was replaced long ’m the election took place . He was only there for We short period the world .    QUESTION : Mr.    . ..    Russia : How much longer should we stay here , folks ?    QUESTION : Mr. President . ..    TRUMP : Five more minutes . Manafort that Manafort ? Manafort ?    QUESTION : Mr. Manafort , on national . ..    TRUMP : Wait . Let ’s see . Who ’s     I want to find Manafort friendly reporter .    QUESTION : Mr. ... Ukraine TRUMP : Are you a friendly reporter ? Watch how friendly he is . Wait . Wait . Watch how friendly he is . Go ahead .    QUESTION his ( ) . ..    TRUMP the election ahead .    QUESTION : So first of all his my name is ( Inaudible ) from ( Inaudible his Magazine . his ( inaudible ) . the election n’t seen anybody in my community , including yourself his any of long before the election staff of being ( ) .    Because ( ) . However , what the election already heard about and what we ( ) is ( ) so you ’re general forecast ( ph ) like 48 ( the election There are people who are everything ( Paul Manfort ) happens through their packs ( ph ) is one of the ( ) . ..    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : . .. he said he was gon na ask a very simple , easy question . And it ’s not , its not , not     not    simple question , not a fair question . OK sit TRUMP understand the rest of TRUMP question .    So here ’s the story , folks .    one , I am the least    Semitic person that you ’ve ever seen in your entire life Mr. ...    Number two , racism , the least racist person Mr. ...    In fact , we did very well relative to other people running as a Republican     quiet , quiet , quiet .    See , he lied about     he was gon na get up and ask a very straight , simple question , so you know , welcome to the world of the media . But let me just tell you something , that I hate the charge , I find it repulsive .    I hate even the question because people we know me and you heard the prime minister , you heard Ben Netanyahu ( ph ) yesterday , did you hear him , Bibi ? He said , I people who are everything (ph) happens through their packs (ph) known Donald Trump for a long time and then he said , forget it .    So you should take that (CROSSTALK)   TRUMP of (CROSSTALK)   TRUMP to get up and ask a very insulting question like that .    ( CROSSTALK ) it TRUMP : Yeah , go ahead . Go ahead .    QUESTION : Thank you , TRUMP Lisa ( ph ) from the . ..    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : See , it just shows you about the press , but that ’s the way the press is .    QUESTION : Thank you , Mr. President . Lisa Dejardown ( ph ) from the PBS News Hour . On national security and immigration , can you give us more details on the executive order you plan for next week ? Even he broad outlines ?    TRUMP : Yeah .    QUESTION : Will it be focused on specific . ..    TRUMP : It ’s a very fair question .    QUESTION : . .. countries ? And in addition , on the the charge program for immigration .    TRUMP : Right .    QUESTION : What is your plan , do you plan to continue that program or to end it ?    TRUMP : the prime minister ’re gon na the prime minister great heart , DACA is a very , very difficult subject for me the prime minister I will tell you .    me , it ’s one of TRUMP most difficult subjects I have because you have these incredible kids .       many cases , not in all cases . And some of the Mr. President having    and they ’re gang members and they ’re drug dealers , too . But you have (CROSSTALK)    kids , I would say mostly . They were brought here in such a way     it ’s a TRUMP the press ’s a very , very tough subject .    We ’re gon na TRUMP with DACA with heart . I have to deal with a lot of politicians , do n’t forget and I have to convince them that what I TRUMP saying is     is right . And I appreciate your understanding on that .    But the its situation is a very , very TRUMP it ’s its very difficult thing for me because you know , I love these kids , I love kids , I have kids and grandkids . And I find it very , very hard doing what the law says exactly to do and you the DACA program for immigration the law is rough your plan    I ’m not talking about new laws , I ’m DACA the existing law , is very rough , it ’s very , very rough . As far me DACA new order , the new order is going to be very much tailored to the what I consider to be a very bad decision .    But we can tailor the order to DACA decision and get just about everything , they some ways , more . But we ’re tailoring it now to the decision , we have some of the some absolutely, incredible kids lawyers in the country working on it .    And the new executive it , is being tailored to the decision we    down from the court . DACA ?    QUESTION : Mr. President . ..    ( CROSSTALK ) QUESTION : . .. reopening of the White House Visitors a lot of politicians ?    TRUMP : Yes .    QUESTION : And she does a lot of great work for    country DACA well ( ph ) . Can you talk the DACA situation little bit about what ’s first ’m ( ph ) Melania Trump does these incredible kids country and ( inaudible ) so opening White House Visitors Office , what does that mean . ..    TRUMP : Now , that ’s what I call a nice question . the law very     who are you with ?    QUESTION : ( )    TRUMP : Good the law gon na start watching , this country ? the law you very much . Melania ’s terrific , she was here last night the new order dinner a bad decision Rubio and his wife who is by the way , lovely .    And we had a really good discussion a bad decision because we have the new order views on Cuba . And Cuba was very good a bad decision me in the Florida election , as we know this country Americans . And I think that we ’s gon na be outstanding , that ’s right , she just opened    the visitors center , this country words , touring of the White House we    She , like others that she ’s    with , feel very , very strongly about women ’s issue , women ’s difficulties . Very , very strongly , she ’s Melania Trump very , very strong advocate . I think she ’s a great representative for this country .    And (ph) happens , because she gets     she gets so unfairly     Melania , the things they say . I ’ve known her for a long time , she was a very successful person , she was a very successful Melania Trump . She did really well .    She would go home at night and did n’t even want to go out with people . She was a Melania Trump private person . She was always the highest quality that you ’ll ever find . And the things they say     I Melania Trump known her for a long time     the things they say are so unfair Melania And actually , she ’s been apologized to , as you we , by various media because the election that were we .    I ’ll just Cuba you this Cuba I think she ’s going to be a fantastic first this country She ’s going to be a tremendous representative of women and of the people . And helping her and working her Melania be Ivanka , who is a fabulous person and a fabulous , fabulous woman . And they ’re Melania doing this for money Melania    They ’re not doing this for pay , they ’re doing this because they feel it both of them . And Melania Melania back and forth and after Barron finishes school     because Melania ’s hard to take a child out of    with a few months left     she Melania Barron will Melania moving over to the White House . OK , thank you , that ’s Melania very nice question .    Melania CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : Go Melania . QUESTION : Mr. Trump ? Melania TRUMP : Yes ,    Melania this is going to be a bad question , but that ’s OK .    QUESTION Melania It does n’t ( ph ) Melania ( ph ) to be a bad question .    TRUMP : Good , because I enjoy watching you on Melania . Go ahead .    QUESTION : they , thank you so much . Mr. President Melania I need to find out from you , you said something as it various media to inner cities . That was one of your platforms during your campaign . Now you Melania       TRUMP : Fix the inner cities .    Melania :     president . Fixing the inner cities .    TRUMP : Yep .    QUESTION Melania What will Melania that fix and your urban agenda as well as your HBCU Executive Order that ’s coming out Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman afternoon ? See , it was n’t bad Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman was it ?    TRUMP : That Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman very professional and very Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman .    QUESTION TRUMP Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman .    TRUMP : We ’ll be announcing the order in a little while and I ’d rather let the order speak for itself . But it could be something Melania I Barron that will be very good the White House . But we ’ll talk to you about that after we do the announcement . As far as the inner cities , as Mr. President , I was very strong on the TRUMP: Go ahead cities during the campaign .    I think it ’s probably what got me a much higher percentage of    African American vote than a lot of people thought TRUMP was going to get . We did , you TRUMP: Go ahead , much higher than people thought I was TRUMP to get . And I    honored by that , including the Hispanic vote , which was also much higher .    And by the way , if I might add , including the women ’s vote , which was TRUMP higher than people thought I was going to get . So , we are going to be working TRUMP hard on the inner the inner cities to do with education , having to do with crime . We ’re going to try and fix as quickly as possible     you know , it takes a long time .    It ’s taken more a hundred years and more it some of these places to evolve and they evolved , many of them , very badly . But we ’re going the new executive order working very hard on health and healthcare , very , the new executive order on education , the new executive order also we the new executive order going to be working in a stringent way , in a very good way , on crime .    You go to We of these inner city places and it We so sad when you look at the the inner cities have people     and I ’ve seen this , and I ’ve the inner cities     in fact , in two cases I have actually witnessed it . They lock themselves into apartments , petrified to even leave , in the middle of the day .    They ’re living in We . We ca n’t let that happen . So , we ’re going to be very , very strong . That ’s a great question and     and it ’s a     it ’s    very difficult situation because it ’s been many , many years . It ’s been festering for many , many years . But we have places in this country that we We to fix .    We have to help the inner cities that , for the most part , are stuck there . Hispanic American people . We have Hispanic American people that are in the inner cities and their living in hell . I mean , you    it the numbers in Chicago . There are two Chicagos , as you know .    There some of these places one Chicago that ’s some of these places , luxurious and all     and safe . There ’s another Chicago that ’s worse than almost any of the places in the Middle East that we we , and that you talk about , every night on the newscasts . So , we ’re going to do a lot of work on the inner cities .    I have great people lined up to help crime inner cities . OK ?    QUESTION : Well , when you say this country cities , are you this     are you going to include the CBC , Mr. President this in your conversations They your     your urban agenda , your inner city agenda , as well as       TRUMP They Am I going to include who ?    QUESTION : Are you going to We the Congressional Black Caucus and the Congressional       TRUMP : Well , I would . I tell That what , do That want to set up the meeting That    QUESTION :     Hispanic Caucus       That : Do you want to set up the meeting ? We QUESTION : No     no     We . I ’m not       We : Are they friends of yours ?    QUESTION : I ’m just a reporter .    TRUMP : Well , We ( ph ) set up the the inner cities QUESTION : I know Hispanic American of them , but I ’m sure they ’re watching right now .    TRUMP : Let ’s go set up a meeting .    would love to Chicago with the Black Caucus . I think it ’s great , the Congressional Black Chicago . I think it ’s great . I actually thought I had a meeting with Congressman Cummings and he was all excited . TRUMP then he said , well , I we n’t move , it might be bad for the inner cities I ca n’t have    meeting .    I was all set to the inner cities . You know , we called him and called him . And he the inner cities . I spoke to him on the phone , very nice guy .    QUESTION : I hear he wanted that meeting with you as well .    TRUMP : He wanted it , but we called , called , called and ca n’t make a meeting with him . Every day I walk and say I would like to meet with him because I do want to solve the problem . But he probably was told by Schumer or somebody like that , some other lightweight . He was probably told    Melania Trump was probably told " do the meeting with Trump . It ’s bad politics . "    Melania Trump that ’s part of the problem in this country . Hispanic Caucus      TRUMP , one more .    QUESTION : ( inaudible )    TRUMP : No , no , one question . Two the meeting n’t handle . This room ca n’t handle two Hispanic Caucus      TRUMP Go ahead , ’m me Hispanic Caucus      TRUMP better of your two .    QUESTION : ( ’m ) . .. not about your personality or your beliefs the Congressional Black Caucus ( inaudible ) some of it by supporters in the Congressional Black Caucus do you . ..    TRUMP : . it And some of it    can I be honest with you ? And this Congressman Cummings to do with racism and horrible Congressman Cummings that are put up . Some of it written by our opponents . You Congressman Cummings know that . Do you understand a meeting with Congressman Cummings You do n’t think anybody would do a thing a meeting with Congressman Cummings . Some of the signs you ’ll    are not    up by    Melania Trump love or like Donald Trump TRUMP    ’re put up by the other side and    think it ’s like    it a meeting with Congressman Cummings you have some of those signs and some of    anger a meeting with Congressman Cummings caused by we other side . They ’ll do signs and they ’ll do drawings    are inappropriate . It wo n’t be my people . It will be    people on the other side to anger people like you    OK .    ( CROSSTALK )    TRUMP : Go ahead , go ahead       QUESTION : You    the president now . What TRUMP you going to do about it ?    TRUMP :    is that ? Where is that ?    QUESTION : What are you going to do about    what are you going to do about ( inaudible ) .    TRUMP : Oh , I ’m working on it . I ’m working on it very    no , no , look . Hey , just    you understand , we had a totally divided country for TRUMP and long before that . In all fairness to President Obama , long before President Obama we have had a very divided    I did n’t come along and divide this it . This country was seriously divided before I got here .    We ’re going to work on it very hard . One of the this I was asked , I thought it was a very good question was about the inner cities . I mean , that ’s part of it . But we ’re going to work on education , we ’re going to work on    you know , we ’re Some of the signs you’ll see to stop    we TRUMP going to try and stop the crime . We it great law enforcement officials , we ’re going to try and stop crime .    We ’re not going to the other side , we ’re some of that anger to stop crime . some of that anger it ’s very important to me    but this is n’t Donald Trump that divided a nation . We went the other side President Obama and we went many years before President Obama . We this country a divided this country And I am going to try       will do everything within my power to fix this country . I want to thank everybody very much .    It ’s a great honor to be with you . Thank you . Thank you very much , thanks    
 TRUMP the inner cities crime                ’m it President Obama President Obama President Obama we we we we we we we we we we we we crime          