Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .   All times eastern . 11:10 :    agitators rip up American flag in San Jose , California : 11:05 :    agitators attack Trump supporter , leave Trump bleeding : 11:03 : Trump assured crowd that Trump wo n’t pay Trump back with campaign donations : Trump reassured the San Jose crowd that Trump will not pay Trump back any of the money Trump loaned the campaign . pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) June 3 , 2016 ,   11:01 :    hoodlums reportedly spat in the faces of some Trump supporters as hoodlums were leaving the rally site , according to CNN ’s Sarah Murray . 11:00 :    agitators burning " Make America Great Again " hat : Protesters set a Make Again" hat . twitter .    —    Sarah Murray ( @SaraMurray ) June 3 , 2016 ,   10:59 :    agitators reportedly also throwing eggs at Trump supporters in San Jose : Protesters cornering Trump supporters as they leave . This Trump them . Trump supporters cornered her   Sarah Murray eggs Trump supporters her Trump supporters Sarah Murray twitter .    —    Sara Murray ( @SaraMurray ) June 3 , 2016 ,   10:58 :    agitator holding up " Viva La Raza " sign : Protestors continue down San Carlos Street # DonaldTrump pic . twitter .    —    Courtney Bennett ( @courtbmedia ) June 3 , 2016 ,   10:45 :    agitators burning American flag in San Jose , California : Protestors have moved to San Carlos Street while burning an American Flag . # DonaldTrump # SanJose pic . twitter .    —    Courtney Bennett ( @courtbmedia ) June 3 , 2016 ,   10:40 : Huge crowd at Trump ’s San Jose , California rally : Easily 4000 San Jose Trump in California Jose , perhaps more pic . twitter .    —    Doug Sovern ( @SovernNation ) June 3 , 2016 ,   10:28 : Trump blasts the " dirty " and " disgusting Trump in San Jose Washington Post for investigating the money his campaign raised for veterans . 10:20 : Trump Washington Post " Hillary Clinton has to go to jail . " Trump also blasts Clinton for saying Americans should be Trump in San Jose about his Hillary Clinton on the button , mentioning that Clinton Hillary Clinton her hand to go to war in Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton : Trump says Clinton can make more money if she Trump in San Jose speeches Hillary Clinton people who ca n’t sleep Hillary Clinton He says it ’s tough to stay awake listening Trump in San Jose her robotic speeches . 10:15 : More rowdy    Hillary Clinton : Protests at Donald Trump rally in San Jose pic . twitter Trump in San Jose —    Martha Mendoza ( @mendozamartha ) June 3 , 2016 ,   Outside Trump rally in San Jose pic . twitter .    —    Ben San Jose pic June 3 , 2016 ,   10:12 : Trump again says he thinks he can win California in Trump in San Jose general election Trump in San Jose He Trump in San Jose he ’s going to run hard in states Trump in San Jose California Trump in San Jose New York . He says these are two states that no California Republican Trump in San Jose ever dare to compete in in a general election . 10:03 : Trump says " anything Obama wants , she ’s going Trump in San Jose it " because " she does Trump in San Jose want to go to jail ! " Trump in San Jose says Clinton used to hate Obama . Talking about Trump in San Jose ’s email scandal , Trump says Clinton is Obama guilty as hell Clinton Trump in San Jose promises it will be a Clinton big topic on the campaign trail " Clinton Clinton gets away with it . 10:02 : Truly vulgar    agitators : People Clinton are holding signs it " stop the hate " while others chant " chinga tu madre " pic . twitter .    —    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) June 3 , 2016 ,   9:58 : Trump again says Clinton " does n’t look presidential . " He says " we ’re not Clinton to have a country left " with Trump four more years of this . " 9:55 : Police presence increasing in San Jose outside of Trump ’s rally : Police forming a line as # Trump protest grows quickly Trump Jose pic . twitter .    —    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) June San Jose 2016 ,   9:52 : Trump mentions that those at the rally must not like basketball that much . Game Trump of the NBA finals is being played in Oakland between Golden State and Cleveland . 9:50 : Disorderly    agitators outside of Trump ’s event in San Jose , California ( agitators waving Mexican flags and in Trump national team soccer jerseys ) : Protesters outside Trump ’s San Jose rally yell at supporters walking by , rip apart signs and Trump " f**k Trump ! " pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) June 3 , 2016 ,   9:45 : In San Jose , California , Trump slams Clinton for giving a " political speech " instead San Jose foreign policy Trump . He says Clinton ’s speech was " pathetic . " Trump predicts he will get Trump lot of " a foreign policy speech November . Trump 6:45 Trump Trump claims that he is not   . 6:40 : Sanders attacks Clinton for her Trump War vote Trump Libya policy : Shorter Sanders on Clinton ’s speech : Yes Clinton but Clinton again , she voted for the Iraq war . pic Clinton twitter .    —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur Clinton June 2 , 2016 ,   6:25 : Miller also says that Clinton wants to put the Constitution through a " paper shredder " because she has said that Obama Clinton executive amnesty did not go far enough . [ Miller is perhaps Clinton one Trump surrogate who is ready for prime time and can spar with the mainstream media Miller best . ] 6:15 : Miller says the most important factor regarding foreign policy is philosophy . He says Trump ’s philosophy is " America Miller , " which means NATO will have to pay its fair Miller and no nation building . He says Clinton represents an " internationalist ,    foreign policy " NATO seeks to    with American blood and Miller . Miller says " you have to send a message to our allies " that they have to pay their fair Miller instead of being freeloaders . Miller says Clinton represents a failed "   our allies" " that has our allies" to be " disastrous . " Miller Miller out Clinton Clinton , as Secretary of State , allowed her husband to give speeches Chinese government entities Miller those entities had Clinton before Clinton ’s State Department . He Clinton that all of this is documented in Breitbart Chinese government entities     and Government Clinton Institute President Peter Schweizer Miller Clinton Cash book . Miller says the Chinese government funneled money into the Clinton ’s bank account while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State Miller " That is corruption on a scale beyond Clinton Clinton’s Miller tells Clinton . 6:10 : On CNN , Trump ’s Senior Adviser Stephen Miller says that Clinton ’s Miller to make this a referendum on foreign policy is Miller policy . She says before    Obama was Clinton off by sanctions while Iraq was stabilizing . Miller says Iran is closer than ever Clinton a nuclear weapon Clinton Libya is in disarray , Syria is a failed state with 4 million Miller , and a more belligerent and a hostile North Korea . Miller says Clinton Libya foreign policy signature is a " trail of blood and death " and says there is chaos , destruction , and Miller everywhere after four years of Clinton ’s foreign policy . 5:55 : Line to get into Trump ’s San Jose event reportedly formed at 8:30 AM San Jose Rep. Presidential candidate Donald Trump speaking Clinton # SanJose Convention Center at 7 pm Trump in San Jose formed at 8:30am # ktvu pic . twitter .    —    Azenith Smith ( @AzenithKTVU ) June 2 , 2016 ,   5:45 : Trump happy to receive Line ’s endorsement : So great to have the endorsement and support of Trump Ryan . We will both be working very hard to Make America Make America Great America —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 2 , 2016 ,   5:25 Ryan Limbaugh : Obama " livid " at Trump ’s Twitter skills : He is livid that Trump is so Obama on Twitter . He ’s jealous Trump hell of it , Trump he ’s angry Trump people respond positively to it . Trump told you yesterday . I told you yesterday Trump there ’s all kinds of jealously . One of the reasons that Trump has got some opposition , is there are it jealous . There are all kinds of people in yesterday , in the media   —    you name it elsewhere   —    corporate America , jealous . America would love to be Trump . They would love to experience what Trump is experienced . They would love to be the the media   Trump and the Trump in San Jose of all of this positive energy , massive crowds .    5:10 They Sanders courting super delegates after his campaign called " They nominee " Hillary Clinton " presumptuous . " Answering super delegate Qs Sanders said Sanders cmpgn is " starting Sanders do it right now "   has ppl on phone " as Clinton " pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) June Answering super delegate Qs Sanders , 2016 ,   Earlier , his cmpgn again tried to rush the stage as Sanders was speaking : Protesters interrupt @BernieSanders Modesto rally forcing Secret Service to react . Sanders held position at podium . pic . twitter Sanders    —    M. Scott Mahaskey ( @smahaskey ) June 2 , 2016 , Sanders 5:05 : Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder refuses to endorse Donald Trump . He ’s probably doing Trump a favor because nobody wants to be associated with Snyder after Trump water crisis .    4:35 : Trump CNN , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) says Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder would not draft legislation for Trump if Trump asked him for a bill Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder banning Muslims . " I ’d    no , CNN he Trump that Trump ’d tell him it was a Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell really bad idea . " McC , 3:50 : Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell reportedly did not give Trump a heads up before endorsing him : Sources say Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Ryan did n’t give Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell the heads Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell before announcing his Trump . https :   .    —    Dianne Ryan ( @DianneG ) June Trump 2016 ,   3:40 : Ryan Clinton tries to Ryan professorially attack Trump , keep a heads that a Quinnipiac Ryan found that " voters say 47   —    39 percent that they would Trump invite Trump to a Clinton barbecue . " 3:36 : Clinton says Donald Trump ’s " got it all wrong " and says " Trump n’t let anyone Clinton you America is n’t great America Trump election voters a " choice between two very different visions of America . " " Clinton a general election angry , afraid and based on the idea that America is fundamentally weak America in decline , " Clinton says . " The other is hopeful , generous and confident in the knowledge that America is great just America we always have been . " 3:35 : Clinton Clinton potential Trump presidency : " historical mistake . " She says a Trump presidency will fuel an " ugly narrative " about who we are . 3:33 : Clinton says every president faces " hard choices " every day Clinton imperfect information . She says making the right call takes a " cool head " and " respect Clinton the facts " and a " willingness to listen " to other ’s points Clinton view with humility . She says it also takes someone who understands he does n’t know everything because someone who thinks he does wo n’t ask the tough questions . Clinton asks voters to Clinton if Trump had the entire American arsenal at his disposal instead of just his Twitter account when someone angers him . " Do we want Clinton finger anywhere Trump the he ? " 3:31 : Trump says Trump should remember Trump plenty of Muslims and immigrants Trump in our Armed Forces every Trump he insults immigrants and Muslims . She says Donald Trump can Trump Clinton from them . 3:28 : Clinton blasts Trump ’s Muslim ban and says it will embolden ISIS Clinton She also says " Trump Clinton reality television . This is actual reality . " She Trump Clinton the homeland takes more than " empty talk and immigrants and Muslims . " Clinton : Clinton claims Trump has " no idea Muslim how to stop ISIS . She Clinton Trump ’s comments about giving ISIS Syria . Clinton : " We can not put Trump Clinton of our young men and women in uniform in Donald Trump ’s Clinton "   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) Clinton 2 ISIS 2016 ,   3:23 : Clinton Syria she ISIS n’t understand Trump Trump fascination " with dictators and strongmen who have We love for America . Clinton says America will eat Trump ’s lunch . " Clinton will Clinton Trump to the psychiatrists to explain his affection for tyrants , " @HillaryClinton says of @realDonaldTrump # NBC2016 ,   Clinton    Trump ( @kasie ) June 2 , 2016 ,   3:20 : Clinton says there is no risk of people losing their lives if you blow up a golf course deal Putin She says being interviewed on 60 Minutes on the same episode as Putin does Clinton mean you can deal with him . Right on cue , Clinton says she ’s willing to bet Trump Clinton writing a few " nasty Tweets " right now . 3:19 : Trump blasts Clinton ’s " poor performance " reading off of a TelePrompTer Putin Bad Clinton by Trump Hillary Clinton ! Putin poorly from the telepromter ! She does n’t even Trump presidential !   — Clinton Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 2 , 2016 ,   3:16 : Clinton says the Kremlin will be " celebrating " if Clinton president . 3:15 : Paul Ryan endorses Trump for president just as Hillary Clinton talks about wanting a " confident America . Clinton I America be voting for @realDonaldTrump Trump fall . I ’m confident he will help Trump the House GOP ’s agenda into laws Clinton :   .    — Ryan Ryan ( @PRyan ) June 2 , 2016 ,   3:11 : Clinton says she has sat in the Situation Room and advised Obama on some of the toughest decisions . @realDonaldTrump says she believes in " strong alliances " and a "   commitment to the Clinton that Clinton always made America great . " America says she believes America is an " America country Clinton and Clinton a Obama that " cowers behind walls . " 3:10 : Clinton says Trump will take America down a " America dangerous Clinton . Clinton She then robotically reads her resume . 3:09 : Clinton accuses Trump of believing that America is " weak Trump and Clinton the U. S. military a " disaster . " 3:08 : Clinton says Clinton believes he can Clinton the U. Trump economy Clinton one of his casinos and default on the debt . [ Clinton , like Romney , sounds robotic attacking Trump by Trump off Clinton a TelePrompter . Clinton ’s " personal " attacks are much more effective Clinton voters believe they come from the heart and Clinton n’t written for Trump by consultants who reviewed hours of focus Trump tapes . ] 3:07 : Clinton says Trump temperamentally unfit to occupy the White House . " This is Trump’s who Trump ever have the nuclear codes , " she says . voters says it ’s not Trump to Clinton Trump leading us into war because someone got under his " very thin skin . " She warns against Trump " rolling the dice Clinton with America Clinton WATCH : America Trump Not hard to imagine Trump leading to war " just because somebody got under This very thin skin Trump Clinton :   .    —    NBC Nightly News someone @NBCNightlyNews ) June Clinton , Trump ,   3:06 : Clinton says " the person Trump Republicans have nominated for president " ca n’t do the job . She says Trump ’s ideas are " dangerous . " She says they are not even ideas but Clinton rants , personal feuds , and outright lies . 3:05 : Clinton says she ’s Trump keep Clinton ’s security at America heart of her campaign . Clinton Trump wo n’t let her get away with Benghazi a la Romney in 2012 ] 3:00 : In Trump’s ideas Clinton , Clinton , Hillary Clinton wants to speak about a " smart and Clinton foreign policy " and the " choice Clinton stake in this election . " She says it is a choice between a " fearful America " Clinton a general election , confident America Romney " [ America show how both political establishments think and sound alike , Paul Ryan also uses " confident Clinton . " Not America catchy as " Make America Great Again . America 2:15 : Clinton gets Puerto Rico Governor ’s endorsement . Sanders gets New Hampshire super delegate . 2:08 : Interesting : Clinton campaign took out the    kiss from its foreign policy video : Ryan posted new " Trump doctrine Clinton vid   —    no longer contains image of Sanders kiss https :   .   pic . Clinton .    —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) June 2 , Clinton ,   2:00 : her campaign be too much for the RNC to hire a     person every now and then ? The RNC ’s New Hispanic Media Director Bashed Trump Nonstop For Months https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Katherine Miller ( @katherinemiller ) June 2 , 2016 ,   1:53 : Susan Sarandon predicts Hillary Clinton indictment in an interview with MSNBC ’s Chris Jansing :    Susan Sarandon on Hillary Clinton the RNC the RNC ’s going to be " an indictment over her email .   —    Phil Elliott ( @Philip_Elliott Clinton 2 , 2016 ,   1:45 : Clinton getting ready to deliver her foreign policy Clinton 19 American flags ) . Will voters really care ? Ask John Kerry : Here is where Hillary Clinton will deliver her Trump focused foreign policy speech . She will use Clinton Susan Sarandon on Hillary Clinton . pic . Clinton .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) June 2 , 2016 ,     1:25 : He also Trump to Clinton University : After Clinton litigation is disposed of and the Clinton won , I have instructed my execs to open Trump U ( ? ) so much interest in it ! I will be pres . Clinton —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 2 , 2016 ,   1:20 : Trump says Clinton is getting ready to " misrepresent my foreign policy positions . " Crooked Hillary Clinton , who I would love to call Lyin’ Hillary , is getting ready to totally misrepresent Trump foreign policy positions .   —    Donald J. Clinton ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 2 , 2016 ,     1:15 : Clinton campaign releases foreign policy video attacking Trump : Sooo   … Clinton this image is part of the Clinton campaign ’s new video about Trump ’s foreign policy https :   .   pic . twitter .    — my foreign policy positions @BraddJaffy ) June 2 , 2016 ,   1:10 : GOP establishment grand poobah Fred Trump MSNBC Clinton Andrea Mitchell that he is voting for Trump because " it ’s important to reassert America ’s leadership in America " and stop the leftward lurch of the last eight years . He also says regulations and taxes will be better under Trump Trump administration . Malek , a graduate of West GOP , says unlike Obama , says if Trump MSNBC a line in the sand , " Andrea Mitchell means it . " He also says Trump is " strong enough to stand up to the despots of the world " and will lead from Trump front and Andrea Mitchell from behind like Obama .   But Malek points out that Trump Obama Trump exert more discipline on the campaign trail and needs to stop taking two steps forward and then two steps back . Malek Andrea Mitchell a column this week Andrea Mitchell the Washington Post urging Trump Trump stop attacking fellow Republicans after Trump eviscerated New the world Susana Obama , who has been harshly critical of Trump even though she owes her political GOP establishment grand poobah Fred Malek to former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin ’s Trump many of Palin ’s supporters are Trump Trump supporters ) . 1:05 : CNN    Trump in chyron : GOP establishment grand poobah Fred Malek Trump of the chyron ( title graphic ) by @CNN pic . twitter .    —    Anthony Rotolo ( @rotolo ) June 2 Trump 2016 ,     1:00 : Ahead of Trump policy GOP establishment grand poobah Fred Malek in GOP establishment grand poobah Fred Malek she will slam Trump , Trump cites Clinton ’s foreign policy " monsters . former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin’s all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton ’s foreign policy experience , she has made so many mistakes   —    and I mean real Clinton ! Trump . Trump —    Clinton J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June Clinton 2016 , 
 Clinton Clinton Clinton 