  ( CNN )  (CNN) spoke out on behalf of young undocumented immigrants like  (CNN) who want legal status . Now  (CNN) ’s in the custody of US Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Daniela Vargas , 22 , was arrested Wednesday after sharing  (CNN) family ’s story     including  (CNN) father and brother ’s arrest last month by ICE officers     during a news conference in Jackson , Mississippi .   Moments before  (CNN) arrest by ICE , Vargas had advocated for young people who , like  (CNN) , were brought to the US illegally as children , then qualified for a temporary reprieve from deportation under the    Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , known as DACA . Recipients often are called DREAMers , a reference to the DREAM Act , which if approved by Congress would give DACA participants permanent legal status . " The path to citizenship is necessary for DACA recipients but also for the other 11 million undocumented people with dreams , " Vargas told reporters . " Today , my father and brother await deportation , while I continue to fight this battle as a DREAMer to help contribute to this country , which I feel that is very much my country . " President Donald Trump has identified DACA as an exception to sweeping new orders mandating aggressive enforcement of immigration laws . But new rules issued by the Department of Homeland Security make clear that no undocumented immigrants will be exempt from deportation proceedings . DACA status lapsed , Vargas said Vargas arrived in the United States with Vargas family at age 7 as an undocumented immigrant from Argentina and later was granted DACA status , which lasts two years . Peterson , said Vargas’ DACA status expired in November . Vargas could not immediately afford the minimum $ 495 renewal application fee , Peterson said , and put off the process until last month . The government recommends DACA recipients apply for a renewal between 150 and 120 days before their status expires . DACA recipients after Vargas reapplied , Vargas father and brother on February 15 were taken into ICE custody at their home . Bill her father and brother on February 15 , executive director of the Mississippi Immigrants Rights Alliance , said he was among immigrant Bill Chandler, executive director of the Mississippi Immigrants Rights Alliance at the scene .   " We stood vigil outside Bill Chandler, executive director of the Mississippi Immigrants Rights Alliance the house for about five hours , " Chandler said . " ICE was trying to persuade Daniela to come out of the house . Of the house she refused . They went Daniela got a search warrant . . .. Then they decided to break into They house and confront her the house ’They threatened her’ Daniela She was terrified , locked in Daniela closet , ICE pounding on her door , ICE what she Daniela supposed to do , Daniela a friend , Angela Stuesse , said . " And I was also terrified . And that went on for hours . " Vargas convinced the agents she was " a DACA person Daniela " Chandler said . " But they threatened her and said they the agents going Daniela come back the agents get her . " Even so , Daniela , who aspires to be a university math teacher , wanted to speak out this week about recent ICE raids , Stuesse said . " She thought sharing her story might Daniela people , Daniela she said . But shortly after Daniela left the news conference , she encountered federal officers .   Daniela Just after she spoke , ICE agents retaliated Daniela " said Greisa Martinez Rosas , advocacy director for United We Dream , on a conference call Thursday with reporters . " ICE agents tracked her down and knocked on her Daniela . And what we Daniela they said is , ’You know ICE agents we are , you know why ICE agents ’re here.’    " Because ICE agents DACA was expired , ICE Daniela played a game of gotcha with her life , " Martinez said Daniela ’She pays her taxes’ Vargas appreciates the opportunities Daniela her in America , her lawyer Daniela . " Like Daniela many immigrants , she does n’t take this country Daniela granted , " America . " She has pursued an education , Daniela works hard , she pays Daniela taxes . She Daniela a Daniela deserving individual Daniela "   Stuesse , who has known Vargas since she arrived in Mississippi 15 years Daniela , described her as " a great kid Daniela " " She was a member of the Daniela she plays the trumpet , " Daniela said . " She got a scholarship to keep Daniela to band for community college but could n’t pay for the rest of the expenses . " Vargas now manages a small store in Vargas , Martinez said . ICE confirmed Mississippi is in custody : " US Vargas and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) took Daniela Vargas , 22 , an unlawfully present Argentinian citizen , into custody March 1 , during a targeted immigration enforcement action in Jackson , Mississippi . " Peterson said she has not yet spoken with Vargas Peterson will represent her with federal Vargas . 
 Peterson 