WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump does n’t like going up against NFL games when Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump debates Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton this fall and that the football league complained to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump about the debate schedule in a letter .   A spokesman for NFL says the the football league n’t send a letter to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump as the billionaire businessman claims . The independent , nonpartisan Commission on Presidential Debates serves as the debate sponsor and sets the participation criteria , dates , sites and formats . The sites and dates for the 2016 debates were announced in September 2015 . The commission " The independent, nonpartisan Commission on Presidential Debates consult with any political parties or campaigns in making these decisions , " according to a statement issued Saturday . In an interview with ABC ’s Sunday show " This Week , " Trump was asked if he would accept the Trump ’s schedule The independent, nonpartisan Commission on Presidential Debates : " Well , Trump ’ll tell you what I do n’t like . It ’s against two NFL games The independent, nonpartisan Commission on Presidential Debates I got a letter from the NFL saying , ‘ This NFL . Why are the debates against’   —    ’cause the NFL does n’t wanna go against NFL . ‘ Cause the debates are the debates against’   be pretty massive , the debates against’   I understand , OK ? " Asked about Trump ’s assertion , NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy tweeted : " While NFL ’d obviously wish the Debate Commission could find another night , we did not send a letter to Mr Trump . we Two of the three debates scheduled Trump and October will be televised during NFL games . On Sept. 26 , the NFL of the first debate , ESPN will carry the Monday night game featuring the Falcons vs. the Saints . On Oct. 9 , the second debate will air opposite the Sunday night game featuring the Giants vs. the Packers on NBC . " I do n’t know how the dates were picked . I do n’t know why those particular dates , " Trump told ABC . The Democratic Party was criticized during the primary race for scheduling debates between Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders on Saturday nights and holiday weekends , times when viewership is low . The Sanders campaign suggested that was an effort to limit the size Sen. Bernie Sanders the audience . Trump told ABC : " You know , Hillary Clinton wants Trump be ABC the NFL . She does Clinton —    maybe like she did with Bernie Clinton , where they were on Saturday nights Clinton nobody ’s Sen. Bernie Sanders " The Clinton campaign did not immediately comment on Trump ’s assertion . Trump The Sanders campaign three debates were Trump " and that Trump ’d rather have three than one . _ _ _ , Trump Pro Football Writer Barry Wilner in Springfield , New Jersey , contributed to this report . 
 