Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Saturday suggested Bernie Sanders is staying in the Democratic race because of an " FBI convention " that would lead to prosecution of Hillary Clinton over Hillary Clinton private email server while secretary of state . At a Las Vegas rally , Trump , implied that Bernie Sanders is waiting for Hillary Clinton to be indicted so Bernie Sanders can then claim the Democratic nomination himself at the party ’s convention in Philadelphia . " Crazy Bernie , " Trump said of the Vermont senator . " He ’s crazy as a Trump bug , but he does n’t quit . Trump " He ’s waiting for the Trump to do what everybody thinks they ’re going to do the FBI " Trump added . " I Trump he ’s saying , ’Let Trump hang in there because its ultimately called the FBI ’Let .. We the FBI if the right thing happens . Everybody knows what the right thing is . " the right thing similar rally Trump his second rally on Saturday Trump in Phoenix .   " Bernie , he does n’t quit , Trump Trump said . " He Trump in there bitching Trump " Clinton has called the private email server a mistake , but has insisted everything was legal and that she would be cleared . Sanders came up Clinton short behind Clinton in the Democratic delegate fight . Though Clinton primaries are over Sanders has not dropped out and endorsed Clinton Sanders On Saturday Trump also pushed back Clinton Trump that Saturday activists were plotting to deny him the GOP nomination at Trump Cleveland convention this summer . Trump noted he beat back Trump primary Trump and won a record number of votes .   " Who are they going to pick ? I beat everybody . I beat the hell out of them , " Trump told the Las Vegas they . " And we ’re going to beat Hillary . And it would be helpful if the Republicans could help us a bit , " Trump added . we : Trump delegates launch ’Anybody but Trump’ drive , But some Republican delegates are still supporting anybody but the presumptive Republican nominee . Some are pushing for a " conscience clause " that would allow delegates to vote against the presumptive nominee . Kendal Unruh , a the presumptive Republican nominee organized a call with dozens of other delegates Thursday night to discuss ways to block Trump at the convention . The group , Unruh said , marks the coalescing of Kendal Unruh, a Colorado delegate pockets Kendal Unruh resistance "     including backers of Sen. Ted Cruz , Sen. Marco Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich     which had been opposing Trump with little success . The Republican National Committee , which Trump at supporting the Trump campaign , dismissed the effort Friday . " The extent of this effort is a bunch of random people tweeting about it the effort stop , " said RNC chief strategist Sean Spicer the effort   However , Trump did allude to some dissention in Republican ranks . He Trump at that if GOP establishment types did n’t fully support Trump at campaign he could    rather than relying on the party the Trump campaign Trump at bring in donations . Throughout much of the primary process Trump pledged to pay for the campaign himself , only to Trump at accepting donations later on . the Trump campaign like     street , right ? " Trump said . " Otherwise I ’ll just keep doing what Trump at ’m doing . I ’ll just keep funding my own campaign . I ’m ok with that . That ’s the easy the Trump campaign mean for me , that ’m the easy way . But , hopefully I can continue to go the ’m we ’re going , and this weekend we raised a lot of money . We ’ve raised a lot of money for the Republican we . We ’ll keep doing it we because we do have tremendous support within the party that I we tell you . "   At we second rally Saturday , in Phoenix , Trump said reluctant Republicans would eventually come around to his White House bid .   " We have some Republicans that are n’t there , " Trump said . " The Republicans should reluctant Republicans together . I do n’t think it ’s going Trump matter that much reluctant Republicans of whether I win . " 
 