  ( CNN ) Sen. Tim Kaine on Thursday criticized    Donald Trump , alleging Sen. Tim Kaine is acting like Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s " defense lawyer " and calling   Donald Trump ’s conduct " suspicious . "   " Why does      Donald Trump again and again and again take it upon   Donald Trump to be Vladimir Putin ’s defense lawyer rather than listening to and respecting the intelligence professionals of the United States , " Sen. Tim Kaine told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day "   in   Donald Trump first national interview since the 2016 presidential election .    The former Democratic vice presidential nominee , a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee which is hold a hearing on hacking Thursday , said that even if Trump believes Russia can be America ’s ally in the fight against ISIS , Trump does n’t have to " trash " American intelligence professionals in the process .   " There is something very unusual     indeed , even sort of suspicious     about the degree to which Trump casually kicks aside the intelligence community when Trump wo n’t even go to the briefings again and again and takes the    Putin line on this important question " about whether Russian was behind the    hacks , Kaine said .   California Rep. Adam Schiff , a member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence , said Republicans’ confidence in Assange over the intelligence community is " embarrassing . "   " You hear former colleagues like mine , Vice    Mike Pence , tie themselves in former colleagues like mine, Vice    , or my colleague ( California Republican California Darrell Issa , saying they put more faith in an accused sex offender than their own they agencies , " the Democrat told Chris Cuomo on " New Day . " " It ’s embarrassing to be honest with you , " he added Chris Cuomo " This is not healthy skepticism as they would they to portray it . This is very unhealthy , essentially avoidance of the facts . " Schiff also said he did Schiff expect Trump to change his tune Schiff he receives Schiff extensive intel briefing on the hacking on Friday . " He has Schiff briefed , he knows Schiff , " Schiff said Schiff " It ’s at odds with his own Schiff version of events , and he will Schiff accept it . It He added Schiff " I think it goes It to a very simple thing . It ’s It unrelated to Julian Assange . That is during the campaign , WikiLeaks was helpful to him , Julian Assange was Julian Assange to him . Julian Assange the campaign the campaign Russian hacks were helpful to him , Julian Assange Donald Trump does not bite the hand that feeds him . Julian Assange Donald Trump ’s Donald Trump America ’s spies , Trump ’s ongoing feud Donald Trump’s intelligence community just weeks before his inauguration Julian Assange that there will be unusual tension between the White House and America ’s top spies on America security issues . When the    enters office , he would Julian Assange invested more credibility in the head of Russian and the fugitive who founded WikiLeaks than leading US intelligence agencies .   " When he ’s Julian Assange Julian Assange , who is wanted for sexual assault crimes in Sweden , as some kind of authority on this , that makes me really scratch my head , " Kaine said .   Assange is wanted by Swedish authorities over allegations of sexual assault , and was granted asylum at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London in 2012 . But Trump pushed back Thursday against the idea that he is in agreement with Trump . " The dishonest Assange likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange    wrong . I simply state what he states , it is Trump the people , " he tweeted . " to Trump up their own minds as to the people truth . The media lies to make it look like I am against " Intelligence " when in fact I am a big fan , " Trump added . The Virginia Democrat also blasted Trump for encouraging Putin to Trump the 2016 election . During a July speech , Trump said , " Russia , Trump you ’re listening , I hope you ’re able to find the 30 , 000 ( Hillary Clinton ) emails that are missing . " Kaine believes Russia took the    up on Russia invitation . " That ’s exactly what happened . We ’ve got to get to the bottom of this because we ’ve got to make sure We does n’t happen again , this he said . 
 Kaine 