CIRCLEVILLE , Ohio   —    Massive crowds gathered for Ohio ’s Pumpkin Show flocked to shake hands with Republican vice presidential candidate Gov. Mike Pence as Republican vice presidential candidate Gov. Mike Pence campaigned in the critical swing state on Saturday . [ Pence recognized the importance of the Buckeye state as Republican vice presidential candidate Gov. Mike Pence spoke from high atop a platform in the center of the festivities . Invoking the name of Republican vice presidential candidate Gov. Mike Pence running mate , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , Pence spoke to the crowd about election day , " Pence a day when Ohio can make America Great Again ! "    " I ’m gon na be in Cleveland tonight with the next President of the United States of America Donald Trump . the United States of America will be back through Ohio again and often . Thank you for the next President of the United States of America Donald Trump warmth , your kindness and God bless you , have a great pumpkin show , " Pence said to the crowd . Lining the streets in hopes of shaking his hand , the audience cheered the governor . One man shouted , "   for Trump ! " as One man held two thumbs up in the air . Another woman in the crowd wore a big " Trump , I ’m Deplorable and Proud 2016 " campaign button .    Gov. @mike_pence at the Pumpkin Show in Circleville , Ohio # Gettysberg pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) October 22 , 2016 ,   Just one person in the the crowd up a    sign . The young girls shown meeting the governor in the above video came to the Pumpkin the Pumpkin Show mother and grandmother Grandmother Kym Salas told Breitbart News afterward , " My granddaughter is 4 years old and was very excited to meet future Vice President Pence . Even at 4 years old she knows who the right man for My granddaughter job is , although she refers to Mr. Trump as the My granddaughter with the funny hair , she says he looks like a nice My granddaughter . the right man for the job Salas then turned to describe her support Grandmother Kym Salas Trump , saying " My granddaughter am able Mr. Trump wade through the   …      dog and pony show that Hillary puts on . I encourage my coworkers and friends to not take everything they hear and see at face value my coworkers and friends to not only vote but do some research and vote for the person they would hire to work for their my coworkers and friends ’s future . Several have my coworkers and friends from third party to Trump . "    Pence made several Mr. Trump throughout the course of the day , speaking in total to tens of thousands of people in both Indiana and Ohio . The final event of the day was a joint rally with the day Pence in Cleveland . Former New York Pence Rudy Giuliani addressed the crowd just prior to the two candidates , " This is an election about change . Our country is moving in the wrong direction . We have n’t had the kind of job Our we should have had in 10 years now Our We ’re losing jobs . We ’re losing Our   …      We Our got crime going up again   Our      We get pushed around by Islamic extremist terrorists Our …     " said Giuliani who then spoke of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , who , he said , " commits crime after crime Giuliani " He continued , " If you want insight Giuliani the kind of president that Donald J Trump will be , take a look at who he ’s selected for Vice President because those Donald J Trump the kinds of people he ’s gon na select for his government Donald J Trump " Follow Michelle Moons on Donald J Trump @MichelleDiana 
 