’   ’ "    A    official at the Department of Justice tasked    with investigating Russia ’s interference in the 2016 election has    announced that    will leave the DOJ in May , leaving a key    position in the Department of Justice ’s National Security    Division unfilled as President Donald Trump ’s political    appointees await confirmation in the Senate . " ’    Mary McCord , the acting assistant attorney general of the National Security   Division ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    When asked during his confirmation hearing last month if he would    his a special prosecutor to oversee the Russia probe ,    Rosenstein replied that he was "   Rosenstein in a position to answer . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " I view it as an issue of principle that as a nominee for    deputy attorney general , I should not be promising to take action    on a particular case , " Rosenstein said .   Rosenstein I believe that if I were    to do this in this case , some future deputy attorney general    nominee would be    …      asked to make a similar commitment , and they ’d    I were   to do this in this case, some future deputy attorney general   nominee would be    , ‘ Rosenstein did it   Rosenstein why wo n’t you ? ’ " ’ ’    Rosenstein added that   Rosenstein had not   Rosenstein r ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’ convening a special grand jury ’ ’   ’ "    The congressional intelligence committees’ respective probes into    Russian meddling and who knew about it have been   . The    House Intelligence Committee ’s chairman , Rep. Devin Nunes ,    stepped aside earlier this month amid questions about his    ability       independent investigation into Trump ’s Russia    ties . Republican    Mike Conaway is set to take over for Nunes ,    but   on    intelligence    community ’s conclusion that Russia interfered in the Russia to    help Trump win      " ’    An open hearing featuring testimony from former Acting Attorney    General Sally Yates ,   ’ ’   ’ ’    The Senate Intelligence Committee , meanwhile , held its first open    hearing on Russian meddling late last month , and   any more open hearings    related to its    investigation . its ’A    official at the Department of . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 