The chairman of the Travis County Republican Party is leading the protest against GOP nominee Donald Trump . The chairman of the Travis County Republican Party dressed up in a jester ’s hat and carried a sign calling Trump a GOP nominee Donald Trump child rapist . " [ Travis County GOP Chairman GOP Morrow and avowed # NeverTrump affiliate took over the    political committee during the GOP primary in March . The colorful Travis County GOP Chairman Robert Morrow and avowed #NeverTrump affiliate denounced by GOP officials GOP the state and mocked by national media figures . On Tuesday , he took to the streets of Travis County GOP Chairman Robert Morrow and avowed #NeverTrump affiliate to join with    protesters outside of a scheduled appearance by the GOP nominee GOP   He has been well known for Travis County GOP Chairman Robert Morrow and avowed #NeverTrump affiliate obscene tweets and had promised Travis County GOP Chairman Robert Morrow and avowed #NeverTrump affiliate bring the protest to Trump ’s appearance in Austin . Several people have tweeted Austin of the local party leader wearing his white shorts , jester hat the local party leader carrying the    sign calling the candidate a child rapist . Yep , this is the elected Travis County GOP Chair , @RobMorroLiberty   —    just as he promised # trumpinaustin pic . twitter .    —    Evan Smith ( @evanasmith ) August 23 , 2016 ,   Fantastic . # ATX # TrumpInAustin @acllive pic . twitter .    —    Aurora Lujan ( @its_aurora ) August 23 , 2016 ,   One woman responded to Morrow ’s sign yelling " Bill likes little girls , " Elena Mejia Lutz tweeted . Morrow took advantage of the rally Morrow promote his own " presidential candidacy . Morrow He said if he is elected Morrow will have Morrow bikini contest Morrow the South Lawn of the White House . Robert Morrow , head of Travis County GOP , says he ’s running for president , Morrow wet    contests pic . twitter .    —    Brittney Martin ( @BeeDotMartin ) August 24 , 2016 ,   Other protesters have begun to gather outside the theater where Donald Trump will be taping a town hall meeting with Fox News’ Sean Hannity . The town hall meeting will be a town hall meeting with Fox News’ Wednesday nights on the Sean Hannity Show . Last few signs hanging around @acllive # trumpinATX # trumpinaustin pic . twitter .    —    Elena Mejia Lutz ( @elenamejialutz ) August 23 , 2016 ,   One group began chanting " Love Trumps Hate "    protesters : " Love Trumps Hate ! " # TrumpInAustin pic . twitter .    —    Elena Mejia Lutz ( @elenamejialutz ) August —   Elena Mejia Lutz Hillary supporters also appeared with    signs . First    protesters on the scene yelling " we build bridges , we do n’t build walls " # trumpinaustin pic . twitter .    we    Elena Mejia Lutz ( @elenamejialutz ) August 23 , 2016 , —   Elena Mejia Lutz Texas State Senator Kirk Watson ( ) appeared with a group of Texas Democrat leaders to condemn Trump ’s Texas tour . Texas Democrats unite to denounce Donald Trump ’s visit to Austin today led by Sen Watson . Texas texasdems # trumpinaustin pic Trump’s Texas    —    Ralph Barrera ( Texas State Senator Kirk Watson August 23 , 2016 ,   So far the number of protesters is light , but that is expected to change . Maggie Howell tweeted she had only seen 30 protesters at about 3:30 p. m. Central Time . We counted maybe 30 protestors # Maggie Howell pic . twitter .    —    Maggie ( @margaretjhowell ) August 23 , 2016 ,   More chants of Dump Trump from protesters . Protesters chanting as crowd files into Moody Theater @KXAN_News # trump # TrumpinATX pic . twitter .    —    Leslie Rangel ( @LeslieRangelTV ) August 23 , 2016 ,   Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas 