  ( CNN ) Welcome back from what we hope was a good weekend for you . Here are the 5 things you need to know today to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door . ( You can also get " 5 Things You Need to Know Today " delivered to your inbox daily . Sign up here . ) 1 . Turkey referendum , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is claiming victory in a controversial referendum that gives Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping powers by ending the current parliamentary system . ( The office of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan was meant to be an impartial one . ) Turkey referendum also means Erdogan could Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in office until 2029 . But it Turkey referendum only narrowly and there are accusations of voting irregularities , voter intimidation and biased media coverage . So opponents will take to the streets today to protest . 2 . Facebook killing , The search has widened to five states for a man Steve Stephens posted the video on Facebook . Facebook Stephens is accused of killing a     man outside of Cleveland . Stephens is considered armed and dangerous . He told his Steve Stephens he was shooting people at random Steve Stephens he Steve Stephens mad Steve Stephens his girlfriend .     3 . Steve Stephens Korea , Vice Steve Stephens Mike Pence is warning North Korea not to test the resolve of the US North Korea strength of the military . He says the " era of strategic patience is over " Vice President Mike Pence the US will stop any attack that might come from the the US The regime tried to test fire a missile North Korea weekend , but officials think it blew up right after launch . 4 . White House , Tomorrow The regime Tax Day , so thousands of Americans thought it was a good time over the weekend to remind us that Donald Trump still has n’t released his the weekend . The White House reaction ? Trump ’s win proves people Donald Trump n’t care . The White House mostly peaceful , Donald Trump Berkeley . Meanwhile , the 2020 election is a ways off , but the White House is already busy raising cash for Trump ’s    campaign . 5 . Arkansas executions , The state ’s plan to kill Donald Trump 10 days is off for now . A federal judge blocked the executions , saying the prisoners will probably succeed in proving the state ’s proposed method of execution Arkansas executions, The state’s plan to kill eight inmates in 10 days injection     is unconstitutional . Arkansas has appealed . The The state’s wants to execute the inmates before its supply of lethal Arkansas drugs expires . Arkansas just in Arkansas ..    Korean President Park    Arkansas indicted this morning on abuse of power and bribery charges . BREAKFAST BROWSE , People are    about these . Read up . Join in . Finally ! We all feel like honorary aunts and uncles , now that April the giraffe has finally given birth to her bundle of joy .     words , It opens doors , detonates bombs and cuts metal , among other things . birth Doctor Who ’s sonic screwdriver is in the dictionary . Fast start , " The Fate of the Furious " had the biggest global opening in movie history , guaranteeing there will be a few more flicks in this     franchise .    Mad chedda , Getting a loan is always stressful , but not if you grow cheese in Italy . There ’s a bank there that will accept parmesan as collateral . End of an era , The last person known to be born in the 19th century has died at age 117 . Emma Morano was born in November 1899 . QUOTE OF THE DAY , " Losing my mum at the age of 12 and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last 20 years has had a quite serious effect " Prince Harry , who said he sought counseling four years ago to deal with the death of his mother , Princess Diana . AND FINALLY   . .. Count them up , Ever wondered how many times Keanu Reeves he " whoa " in his movies ? No ? Well , here ’s the answer anyway . ( Click to view ) 
 Keanu Reeves 