  ( CNN ) FBI Director James Comey said Tuesday that FBI Director James Comey would not recommend charges against Hillary Clinton over Hillary Clinton use of private email servers while secretary of state , removing a huge shadow hovering over Hillary Clinton presidential campaign . But FBI Director James Comey administered an extraordinary    to Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton aides , rebuking he would not recommend charges against Hillary Clinton over her use of private email servers while secretary of state, removing a huge shadow hovering over her presidential campaign for being " extremely careless " in the handling of classified information and saying the presumptive Democratic nominee should have known an unclassified email system was no place to conduct sensitive government business . The FBI director pointed out that the probe was tasked with examining whether Hillary Clinton or Hillary Clinton aides had mishandled classified information either intentionally or in a grossly negligent way . " Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case , " Comey announced after a lengthy recap of the investigation apparently designed to protect the integrity of Comey agency in a highly charged political atmosphere . Comey decision not to recommend charges likely removes the threat of prosecution in the middle of Clinton ’s campaign for the presidency , but the political fallout will continue . His Comey criticism of Clinton Clinton’s offered her Clinton a trove of fresh ammunition for their assault her enemies her Clinton , honesty and trustworthiness   —    one of her Clinton vulnerabilities . In a stunning moment of Washington theater , Comey Clinton up to the microphone to deliver the FBI ’s findings just over two hours before Clinton climbed aboard Air Force One to travel to her first Clinton event with President Barack Obama . Adding to the tension , he Clinton clear the White House and the Justice Department " do not know what I am about to say . " White House the White House Josh Earnest said the White House the White House an official response to the FBI FBI , saying the case is still active and in the hands of the Department of Justice . Earnest the Justice Department am confident that the White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest and Secretary Clinton are not discussing the FBI investigation that FBI completed " on Air Force One . Neither Obama nor Clinton addressed Comey ’s remarks during their campaign event in Charlotte , North Carolina , Obama nor Clinton Obama praised Clinton ’s work at the State Department Obama Comey Clinton stern lecture to Clinton and State Department Comey at her side during her Clinton as top U. S. diplomat Clinton 2009 and Clinton . Obama lends a hand to Clinton , " Although Obama did not find clear evidence Clinton Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the Clinton of Clinton information , " he said , " there is evidence that they Obama extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive , highly classified information . they In the first reaction from the Clinton camp to Comey ’s statement , spokesman Brian Fallon Clinton that the campaign was " pleased that the career officials handling this case have determined that no further action by the Department is appropriate . " As the secretary has long said , it was a mistake to use her personal email and she would not do it again . We are glad her this matter is her personal email resolved . " Later , aides said they were relieved by the announcement , even though they aides it ’s far from being in their rearview aides . the announcement The findings of the FBI aides immediately detonated on the campaign trail with presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump crying foul . " The system is rigged . . .. Very very unfair ! As usual , bad judgment , " Trump tweeted . He later issued a statement in which presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump claimed U. presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump " adversaries almost certainly have a presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump file on Hillary Clinton , " which he said " disqualifies " her from the presidency . presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump a Tuesday evening rally Hillary Clinton North Carolina , Trump again pointed to the FBI ’s decision as fresh presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump of a " rigged system . " " What s going on is very big . .. for Bill Clinton to go to the plane , then to Hillary Clinton happened . .. Everybody thought based on what was being said she was guilty . She was guilty . And it turned out that , ’We’re she going to press charges.’ It ’s really amazing , " Trump said as his crowd it supporters broke out in presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump chorus of presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump . And House Speaker Paul Ryan said Comey ’s announcement " defies explanation . " " No one should be above the law , " Ryan said in a statement . " But based upon the House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s own statement , it appears damage is being done to the rule of law . Declining to prosecute Secretary Clinton for recklessly mishandling and transmitting national security information will set a terrible precedent . " Ryan later recommended on Fox News’ Kelly File that the Director House Speaker Paul Ryan National Intelligence " should block her access to classified information " as a form of punishment . And he said House Republicans would ask Comey to answer them in Comey on Capitol Hill . " There are a House Republicans of unanswered questions here , " Ryan said , though he did would not say that Comey folded to political pressure Ryan asked . " He shredded Comey case that she had been making all year Comey . " Republican National Comey Chairman Reince Priebus blasted the FBI ’s decision .   " I certainly do n’t understand how you describe a textbook definition of gross negligence , and you have case after case after case of soldiers and other military personnel being kicked out of the military . .. for things that are far less egregious than what Hillary Clinton did , " Priebus told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus " " First of all , it ’s not going to go away , " he said . " I think in many ways this is Wolf Blitzer to be even worse for Hillary Clinton . "   He said watching Comey ’s news Hillary Clinton he expected criminal charges Wolf Blitzer Clinton , and called his decision " Comey real   . " Hillary Clinton " Hillary Clinton Comey about something that was very basic , " Priebus Hillary Clinton   But CNN senior political commentator David Axelrod , who formerly worked for Obama , said that Tuesday ’s dramatic developments were the " best result " Clinton could have hoped for . " As a political matter , what Hillary Clinton Clinton needed was a resolution     and she got it today , Hillary Clinton said on CNN . Clinton has admitted Hillary Clinton use a resolution     a private email server   — CNN discovered Hillary Clinton investigation by Hillary Clinton House Select Committee   —    on Benghazi was a mistake . But she has maintained that she never received or passed on information that was marked Hillary Clinton at the time Hillary Clinton a legalistic position that has exposed her to significant political fire . Comey said that the FBI " painstakingly " Hillary Clinton through every bit of Clinton ’s multiple servers and mobile devices that they could from her    tenure as secretary of state . He described a the FBI "painstakingly" combed through every bit of Clinton’s multiple servers and mobile devices that they could from her   tenure as secretary of state of obstacles Clinton including a server that had its software Comey .   " It was like removing the frame from a the FBI "painstakingly" combed through every bit of Clinton’s multiple servers and mobile devices that they could from her   tenure as secretary of state jigsaw puzzle and then dumping all the pieces on the floor . . .. We searched through all of it , " he said .   The Justice Department is considered highly likely to accept Comey Comey recommendations . Attorney General Loretta Lynch said as much amid a furor Comey week over her encounter with former President Bill Clinton on an airport tarmac in Phoenix , Attorney General Loretta Lynch sparked claims by Republicans that a fix was being concocted to ensure Hillary Clinton was not charged . Comey said of the 30 , 000 emails former President Bill Clinton ’s team turned over Comey’s the State Department , 110 emails in 52 email former President Bill Clinton determined to have contained classified information " at the time they were sent or received , " Comey said . Eight of those chains contained information 110 emails in 52 email chains " top secret , Comey’s the highest level of classification . 52 email chains ’s in addition to 2 , 000 emails that were " upclassified , " or determined to have classified information only in hindsight . Read FBI ’s statement on investigation , Comey also said the FBI found " thousands " of emails that were    Comey’s deleted and not given to FBI FBI , either by regular purging by Clinton or officials during her tenure or mistaken deletion by her lawyers removing personal emails before turning over    emails to the Clinton Department .   Three of Clinton were classified at the time , he said .   the State Department said there was not evidence of any kind of coverup in regards to Comey emails .   " We believe our investigation has been sufficient to give us reasonable confidence that there was no intentional misconduct in relation to that We effort , " Comey Clinton . We Clinton noted that while the FBI could find no direct evidence of an intrusion into Clinton ’s server Clinton hostile foreign governments FBI FBI she corresponded with Clinton whose accounts former President Bill Clinton and that the server was not secured by government protections , and that she used her Clinton in Clinton foreign territories , " It Clinton’s server that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton ’s email account . " State Dept . Clinton email use , Ultimately , Comey said his recommendation against charges Clinton from the fact that there is no precedent for charging someone under similar circumstances , saying the Comey could Comey find a single case in which a person was charged with crimes for similar actions .   " FBI is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information , our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case , " Comey Clinton , saying the FBI could not find a single case in which a person was charged with crimes for similar actions .   He Clinton FBI that the investigation was conducted fairly and unbiased . " This investigation was done honestly , competently and independently . No outside influence of any kind was brought to bear , " Comey said . " Opinions the investigation . . .. We did our investigation the right way . Only facts matter , and the FBI found Comey here in an entirely apolitical and professional way . " 
 FBI FBI We 