Necessary : ‘ Ca n’t Stump the Trump’ Takes a Victory Lap[Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live coverage of the aftermath of Election Day , 2016 . Check this page for updates on    Donald Trump , celebrating a shocking upset win , and the reactions from Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton , the bipartisan political establishment , and legacy media outlets .   All times Eastern . 7:13 PM   —    Mexican newspaper not taking this too well . Via elgrafico . mx : 6:58 PM   —    " Ca n’t Stump the Trump " is an amateur YouTube channel where an anonymous college student mashed up news clips with 4chan memes to cheer on    Donald Trump , starting in the Republican primary   —    while simultaneously documenting his insane ,     political ascent from an Alt Right perspective . Right perspective ’s crudely assembled , Right perspective ’s vulgar , and Right perspective ’s become an online campaign tradition as infamous as Matt Drudge ’s debate polls .   " Comrade Stump , " as he calls he on Twitter , created several memes that stuck for Trump ’s fan base . By making a dubstep song , " Centipede " by Knife Party , the theme song to the series , a nature documentary voiceover sampled in the prelude inspired Trump supporters to call Trump supporters " centipedes " and " nimble navigators " and crack jokes about Trump being a " predator " with " hollow fangs . " Several other running jokes include air horns blaring after every Trump putdown or unfortunate event for his opponents , a video game sprite animation delivering a " kill shot " on defeated foes , and overlaying the faces of political players on    movie clips such as Star Wars : Episode III ’s climactic lightsaber fight . On the night of Trump ’s epic victory , CSTT uploaded a teaser video ( " Volume 29 . 5 : THE MADMAN DID IT " ) to sate THE MADMAN fans until a proper    for the series . Watch IT below : 6:35 PM   —    In 1987 , Nixon wrote Trump regarding a television appearance Nixon wife , former First Lady Pat Nixon , greatly enjoyed . Trump had agreed to a profile on the popular show Donahue , airing in December of that year .   " As you can imagine , Trump is an expert on politics and Trump predicts that whenever you decide to run for office you will be a winner ! " the short letter read .   the short letter became public as part of the release of a Donald Trump biography titled Never Enough : Donald Trump and the Pursuit of Success . It would take nearly three decades for Trump Donald Trump decide to run for office , proving the 37th president correct . On Tuesday , Donald Donald Trump    of the United States , sweeping Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton in reliably blue states like Michigan and Wisconsin . As Republican nominee , Nixon won the 1968 largely on the back of a campaign targeting    Americans who felt the Kennedy and Johnson administrations had allowed the government to descend into chaos , particularly in the context of the rudderless Vietnam war . These voters he dubbed Kennedy " Silent Majority " in a 1969 speech . Trump ’s campaign echoed many of the sentiments of that election , down to using the term to refer to those whose livelihoods were threatened or eliminated entirely by the growing global economy . Below , Trump ’s Trump’s that impressed the Nixons : 6:33 PM   —    Bernie : " Trump tapped into the anger of a declining middle class that is sick of establishment economics , establishment politics , and the establishment media . " Just in : the view from Burlington . @BernieSanders on @RealDonaldTrump ’s election pic . twitter .    —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) November 9 , 2016 ,   5:21 PM   —    MoveOn . org released the following press release Wednesday afternoon : Americans to Come Together in Hundreds Peaceful Gatherings of Solidarity , Resistance , and Resolve Following Election Results , Hundreds of Americans , dozens of organizations to gather peacefully outside the White House and in cities and towns nationwide to take a continued stand against misogyny , racism , Islamophobia , and xenophobia . Tonight , thousands of Americans will come together at hundreds of peaceful gatherings in cities and towns across the nation , including outside the White House the White House results of Tuesday ’s presidential election . The gatherings   —    organized by MoveOn . org and allies   —    will affirm a continued rejection of Donald Trump ’s bigotry , xenophobia , Islamophobia , and misogyny and demonstrate our resolve to fight together for the America we still believe is possible our Within two hours of the     MoveOn members had created more MoveOn 200 gatherings nationwide , with the number continuing to grow on Wednesday afternoon . WHAT : Hundreds of peaceful gatherings of solidarity , resistance , and resolve nationwide , WHEN    WHERE : Find local gatherings here . Major gatherings include in New York City ’s Columbus Circle and outside the White House in Washington , DC . RSVP : Please email press@moveon . org to confirm attendance . " This is a disaster . We fought our hearts out to avert We reality . But now it ’s here , " MoveOn . org staff wrote to members on Wednesday . " The new    and many of his most prominent supporters have    , demeaned , and threatened millions of us —   and millions of our friends , family , us loved ones . Both chambers of Congress remain in Republican hands . We are entering an era of profound and unprecedented challenge , a time of danger for our communities and our country We In this moment , we have to take care We ourselves , our families , We our We —   especially We of us who are on the We lines facing hate , including Latinos , women , immigrants , refugees , Black people , Muslims , LGBT Americans , and so many others . And we need to make it clear that we will continue to stand we . " 4:55 PM   —    Canadian politician ultra triggered . I was hoping to tweet this at Trump , but I ’m going have to tweet it at all Americans . this this is n’t a joke , it ’s actually sad . this . twitter .    —    Norm Kelly ( @norm ) November 9 , 2016 ,   4:49 PM   —    Of all people , Juanita Broaddrick deserves a victory lap today . From Breitbart Jerusalem Bureau Chief Aaron Klein : Juanita Broaddrick , the woman Juanita Broaddrick Bill Clinton of raping her twice in a hotel room Bill Clinton 1978 , declared on Wednesday that for her personally Donald Trump ’s victory Bill Clinton " Bill and Hillary Clinton no longer have any control over me . " 3:23 PM   —    NOW :   Josh Earnest : " There are a lot of people who voted for Obama who voted for Trump in 2016   …      I do n’t have an explanation for that " pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) November 9 , 2016 ,   2:43 PM   —    From the beginning , Mensch has been a staunch supporter of the # NeverTrump campaign , with a Twitter bio staunchly declaring that you " Can Stump The Trump . "   Wikileaks Trump she pitched ad campaign scripts to Hillary Trump ’s inner circle , and echoed the Democratic candidate ’s attacks on Pepe the Frog . Mensch and Heat Street also showed strong Mensch for Evan McMullin , the independent conservative candidate who tried to spoil Trump ’s chances in Utah .   Trump , after the results had come in , Mensch began to break down . An Mensch of her account from around 9AM UTC shows tweets of her claiming that an " FBI coup her pushed Trump into office , even though he Trump a " racist , Russian Mensch . " Her bio now reads " Stumped by her . " Jack Hadfield is a Trump at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard _ , on Jack Hadfield @JH or email him at jack@yiannopoulos . net . 2:15 Jack Hadfield   —    Elizabeth Warren . Statement to The Globe from @SenWarren on the 2016 election results . pic . twitter .    —    Annie Linskey ( @AnnieLinskey ) November 9 , 2016 ,   2:01 PM   —      Pres . Richard Trumka : " More than anything , this election is an indictment Tuesday’s presidential election as usual . "   —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) November 9 , 2016 ,   1:27 PM   —    Trump won states such as Pennsylvania and Iowa that had twice backed Barack Obama .   Exit polls and unofficial returns reflect deep racial , gender , economic and cultural divides across the region and nationally . Trump support Tuesday skewed older Tuesday more male and overwhelmingly white . His Trump said they are deeply dissatisfied with the federal government the government His supporters . That ’s according to the exit polls conducted by Edison Research for national media outlets . Democrat Hillary Clinton ’s support was anchored in cities , but it was n’t enough to overcome Trump Trump in small towns Democrat Hillary Clinton’s support rural areas and many suburbs . 1:07 PM   —     12:45 PM   —    With only New Hampshire left to be called , Clinton has turned in the Democratic Party ’s worst Electoral College performance Democrat Hillary Clinton’s 28 years pic . twitter .    —    Dan O’Donnell ( @DanODradio ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:42 PM   —    Egyptian president congratulates Trump . Trump    Breitbart News spoke with Egyptian leaders who heavily insinuated they looked forward to a Trump administration . ￼ Egypt ’s president Sisi " became first world leader to call US    Donald Trump to congratulate him on his electoral victory , "   —    Shibley Telhami ( @ShibleyTelhami him November 9 , 2016 ,   12:29 PM   —    " I could not be prouder of her , " says Obama about Hillary Clinton ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( Obama ) Hillary Clinton , 2016 ,   Obama appears upbeat and optimistic , making sure he is the POTUS Obama hope , not bitterness ,   — Obama Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) November 9 , 2016 ,   " Do n’t get cynical " says Obama , not for the last time ,   —    Charlie Obama ( @charliespiering ) November 9 , 2016 ,   " You beat me badly " Joe Biden reminds Obama , who apparently forgot that his VP ran for president against him in ’08 ,   —    Joe Biden Spiering ( @charliespiering ) November Joe Biden , 2016 ,   12:23 PM   —    " The presidency and the vice presidency is bigger than any of us " says Obama , adding that he wishes for Trump ’s Trump . Donald Trump Obama    —    Obama Spiering ( @charliespiering ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:22 PM   —    2016 . " I had a chance to talk to    Trump last night " Donald Trump Donald Trump President Obama .   —    Mike Memoli ( @mikememoli ) November 9 , Obama   12:19 PM   —    George W. Bush , who reportedly did n’t vote for Trump , says Trump called Trump this morning Trump congratulate him . pic Trump twitter .    —    George W. Bush, who reportedly didn’t vote for Trump Jacobs ( @JenniferJJacobs ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:17 PM   —    From the Detroit Free Press :   With seven critical Genessee County precincts now reporting results , Donald Trump appears to have won Michigan by 13 , 225 votes Donald Trump    a margin of less than    of a percent   —     out of more than 4 . 8 million cast , according to unofficial results posted late this morning by the state . Trump held a Trump lead over Hillary Clinton through the morning . But with all 83 Michigan counties reporting , Clinton Hillary Clinton , 264 , 361 this morning ’s margin Trump victory was exceedingly Michigan : He Democrat Hillary Clinton’s 47 Trump 6 % compared to 47 . 33 % for Clinton , according to updated state totals updated at 11:20 a. m. today . The Associated Press has Democrat Hillary Clinton’s yet called the race . Read the rest of the story here . 12:06 the Detroit Free Press:      Trump spokesman on Hillary ’s remarks : Very classy speech from @HillaryClinton . Important step in bringing our country together .   —    Jason Miller ( @JasonMillerinDC ) November our country 2016 ,   12:05 PM   —    Wikileaks not yet done with John Podesta . RELEASE : The Podesta Emails Part 36 # PodestaEmails # PodestaEmails36 # HillaryClinton # imWithHer https :   .   pic . twitter .    John Podesta    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:03 PM   —    Video message from Bibi Netanyahu :    @realDonaldTrump , my friend , Congratulations on being elected President of the USA . You are a great friend of Israel . pic . twitter .    —    PM of Israel ( @IsraeliPM ) November 9 , 2016 ,   11:53 AM   —    Clinton quotes Paul ’s epistle to the Israel : " Let us not become weary in doing good , Democrat Hillary Clinton’s at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up . " 11:52 AM   —    . @HillaryClinton to little us Never doubt you are valuable us powerful and deserving ,   —    Anita Kumar ( @anitakumar01 ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Clinton : " I know we have still not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling , but someday Democrat Hillary Clinton’s will . "   —    Phil us ( @Phil_Mattingly ) November 9 , 2016 ,   11:51 AM   —    " This loss hurts , but please never stop believing that fighting for what ’s right is worth it , " @HillaryClinton says to young supporters .   —    Jeff Zeleny ( @jeffzeleny ) November 9 , 2016 ,   11:47 AM @HillaryClinton —     " My love for you means more than I can ever express , " Clinton tells Bill , Chelsea , Marc , Charlotte , Aidan , Rodham bros ,   —    Jennifer Democrat Hillary Clinton’s ( @jeneps ) November 9 , 2016 ,   11:46 AM   —    Clinton : " To Barack and Michelle Obama , our country owes you an enormous debt of gratitude . " 11:45 AM   our country 2016 . Traders on @NYSE floor booing    appearance , shouting " lock her up . "   —    Carl Quintanilla ( @carlquintanilla ) November 9 , 2016 ,   11:44 AM   —       : " Donald Trump is going to be our president and we owe him an Donald Trump and a chance to lead . " 11:42 AM   Donald Trump    Clinton : " I know how our you feel , because I feel it too . And so do tens of Democrat Hillary Clinton’s of Americans who invested their hopes and dreams in this effort . This is painful , and it will be for a long time . " 11:40 AM   —    Hillary all smiles as she takes the stage and hugs Kaine , accompanied by Bill , Chelsea , and     Marc . " Thank Hillary so much . Hillary rowdy Bill , " she says as room bursts into standing Chelsea . 11:39 AM   —    Kaine subtly attacks Trump : " Trump had to worry whether Hillary ’d doubt the outcome of an election . " 11:37 AM   — Kaine Kaine reciting the parable of the workers in the field Hillary eyes visibly welling up . Says Clinton was loyal to workers who contributed to the campaign later , just as she was to those who were there Democrat Hillary Clinton’s the beginning . 11:36 AM   —    Kaine gets a big round Democrat Hillary Clinton’s applause after touting Clinton winning the popular vote . " That is an amazing accomplishment , " he says Kaine 11:34 AM   — Democrat Hillary Clinton’s Tim Kaine and his wife take the stage at Clinton ’s first public event since conceding the Kaine Tuesday night . " My wife Ann Kaine are so Kaine Democrat Hillary Clinton’s Clinton , " he opens . 11:33 AM   the race 11:23 AM   —    Ryan : Hillary Clinton collapsing under its own weight . " With a unified Republican government Kaine we can fix this . " 11:21 AM   —    Ryan : Trump heard the Trump in Obamacare that others did n’t , says he has a Trump mandate . " 11:18 AM   —    Paul Ryan congratulates Ryan and says Trump his " coattails " boosted Republicans in    races , says Trump ’s speech Trump " perfect tone " for country to Ryan . 10:41 AM   —    Ryan Clinton is late for a 10:30 speech she announced this morning . Already 10mins after HRC was expected to speak Hillary Clinton a huge line of press waiting outside Hillary Clinton New Yorker pic . twitter this morning —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) November 9 , 2016 ,   10:41 AM   —    From Vox :   The media ’s coverage of the 2016 race did n’t win the election for Donald Trump , but it did n’t help . Back in September , Gallup presented Donald Trump of an important research project that , in retrospect , ought to have prompted a lot more soul searching among members The media’s coverage of the 2016 race the press . What they did was , over an extended period of time , survey people and ask them what they were hearing about the two candidates . The the Detroit Free Press:   that with regard to Hillary Clinton , they heard a lot about email . With regard to Trump , they heard Trump they in they . Read Hillary Clinton of the tantrum here . 10:24 AM   —    advertisement 
 they they 