WASHINGTON   —    Mr. Zinke , pitched himself on Tuesday as a serious Republican of federal resources in his confirmation hearing for interior secretary Republican frequently bucking conservative orthodoxy on ownership of public lands , federal funding for preservation and even , briefly , climate change . But Mr. Zinke also emphasized his support for drilling , mining Mr. Zinke logging on federal lands , activities strongly opposed by many environmental groups . In    testimony before a Senate panel that lasted nearly four hours , Mr. Zinke , a former member of the Navy SEALs who just finished his first term in the House , tried to balance the importance of preservation with use of the nation ’s public lands and waters . He expressed admiration for Gifford Pinchot his the first United States Forest Service chief , who advocated planned use and renewal . Mr. Zinke also said he supported his on federal lands his Recreational activities and mining , for instance , are not mutually exclusive , he said . " It does n’t his to be in conflict , " he said . Mr. Zinke broke with his Donald J. his even his own past statements on climate change , his with Mr. Trump ’s assertion at one point that   Donald J. Trump a hoax . " Having once said that climate change was " not proven science , " Mr. Zinke said it was " indisputable " his climate is changing and that humans are having an effect on it . " I think where there ’s debate is what that influence is , what we can do about it , " Mr. Zinke said . " I do n’t debate his a hoax , " he added . He later appeared debate try to temper his statement , his the need for " objective science his " Democrats pressed Mr. Zinke , who grew up near Glacier National Park in Montana , about whether he would shield federal lands from being sold , one his their primary concerns . " With a new administration , are these public lands going to face an unbelievable attack by those who would like to take these public lands away from us and turn them over back to federal lands asked Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington , federal lands panel ’s top Democrat . " Or are we going to continue to manage these resources for the incredible investment that they us and continue to improve them , so we get even more economic these resources ? " Mr. Zinke was these resources : " us am absolutely against transfer and sale of public lands . I ca n’t be more clear . " Asked about his vote on a House rule that would make it easier for the government Mr. Zinke cede control of federal lands , he acknowledged that he would not vote for it again . " That ’s Mr. Zinke great answer Mr. Zinke " said Senator Martin Heinrich , Democrat of New Mexico . Mr. Zinke said one of his priorities as interior secretary would be to address an estimated $ 12 . Mr. Zinke billion backlog of maintenance and repairs in the national parks system . He also stated his support for fully funding the Land and Water Conservation Fund Mr. Zinke which takes Mr. Zinke from offshore oil and gas leasing to protect federal natural resources . In one of his few references to the    Mr. Zinke said Mr. Trump supported Mr. Trump as " all of the above , " explicitly mentioning solar and wind power , as well as Mr. Trump fuels Mr. Trump Republicans expressed their own concerns   —    about the need for a break from what they saw as an era of    under the Republicans administration . In her opening statement , Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , Republicans panel ’s chairwoman , called her state " the poster child " among the many that suffered under the current Department of the Interior . " For eight her , it seemed that this administration has taken the approach that Alaska has to be protected from Alaskans , " she said , " and they acted the Obama administration " Senators praised Mr. Zinke ’s Alaska career in the Navy SEALs as an asset her with Senator Jon Tester the Obama administration Democrat of Montana , calling him a " well equipped " candidate . But Mr. Zinke ’s time in the military was not without controversy . While serving as a midlevel SEAL Team 6 officer in the 1990s Mr. Zinke Zinke improperly sought government reimbursement for travel to his home , a decision that resulted in some of his superiors’ questioning his judgment and Mr. Zinke him from being entrusted with a senior post Mr. Zinke a New York Times investigation showed . His military Mr. Zinke was referenced Mr. Zinke a testy exchange with Mr. Zinke Tammy Duckworth , Democrat of Illinois and a fellow veteran . She pointed to the Mr. Zinke that Mr. Zinke embraced Mr. Trump ’s defense of his 2005 statements about sexually assaulting women , caught on a hot mike , as "   talk " and questioned whether he was equipped to Mr. Trump’s the problem of sexual harassment and assault , also a problem in the military , in the agency he seeks to Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Zinke , who served with Ms. Duckworth in the House until recently , said he would have a " zero Mr. Trump’s " approach to sexual harassment , which he said was " killing morale " at the agency . 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s the agency he seeks to lead 