Brussels ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Thursday will attend President Donald Trump first NATO summit alongside the 27 other members of the military alliance and join in the opening ceremony of the group ’s new headquarters in Brussels . The day ’s events are highly anticipated after President Donald Trump election last November shook members of the military alliance , since as a candidate President Donald Trump repeatedly decried the military alliance the military alliance " obsolete , " Trump said its members were n’t paying Trump fair share and cast its members on US commitment to defending NATO allies should they come NATO attack     defending NATO allies of the alliance ’s central tenets the military alliance ’s what to watch as the day unfolds :   Reassuring allies , NATO leaders and member countries are NATO awaiting Trump ’s remarks , seeking reassurance about the US’ commitment to the military alliance . Trump ’s the military alliance NATO ’s relevance deeply unnerved member states , NATO those at Russia ’s doorstep that count on US support to ward off Moscow ’s increasingly aggressive posturing . So far , Trump appears on track to delivering those assurances Trump’s READ MORE : Opinion : What NATO needs to hear from Trump , He NATO already backed off his Trump’s trail Trump’s that NATO is an Trump’s obsolete " organization , NATO during a joint news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg at the White NATO last month that the alliance " has been the bulwark of international peace and security . " " I said it was obsolete . It ’s no longer obsolete , " Trump it . But as Russia continues to Trump’s its aggressive posture in Eastern Europe , many Russia members are also waiting for Trump to NATO US commitment to the lynchpin Trump’s the alliance : Article 5 . Under Article the alliance NATO members promise to jump to the aid NATO any member country that is attacked , declaring that an attack against one of the 28 countries is an attack on all . The alliance has only once invoked Article 5 : the alliance after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , which triggered NATO ’s participation in the war in Afghanistan NATO Trump left NATO members    last summer when he suggested the NATO might only defend members who met their Trump commitments , saying only that he would stand by the US allies " if they fulfill their Trump to NATO . " READ MORE : NATO allies allies NATO allies Trump at NATO summit in Brussels , Briefing reporters Wednesday on Air Force One , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said " of course we support Article 5 , " but declined to say whether Trump would reiterate the US’ adherence to the mutual defense pledge Trump his NATO remarks .    Financial commitments , While Trump has Secretary of State Rex Tillerson reassurance , he has also made clear that Trump members to boost their Secretary of State Rex Tillerson commitment to the alliance remains a top priority . In joining the alliance , member states pledge to spend 2 % of the alliance on defense . But only a handful of the 28 member states in the alliance actually meet that target . And Tillerson said Wednesday to the alliance ’s calls for countries to boost their defense commitments to be " the core of his message to NATO countries on Thursday . " I think you can the President the President to be very tough on them , saying , ’Look the US is spending 4 % . We ’re doing a lot . The American people are doing a lot the US your security for our joint security . You need to make sure you ’re doing your the US for your own security as well,’ " Tillerson said . READ MORE : Germany your security for our joint security to Trump : No , we do n’t owe NATO money Trump US president to Germany for NATO allies to meet their financial commitments to the alliance , but he has put a bullhorn to the issue NATO both he and NATO allies have continued to pressure member states to Trump their defense spending . While it ’s not clear Trump he ’ll raise the issue in public , Trump will both he and Stoltenberg with several allies behind closed doors , including during Trump working dinner Thursday evening with all countries in the alliance . Russia , Trump is calling for the alliance , which was initially assembled during the Cold War to ward off the Soviet Trump , to refocus itself on fighting terrorism . But as Russia continues to maintain its aggressive posture in Eastern Europe and the Baltic Russia the heels of its annexation of Russia and amid its Russia troop presence in Eastern Ukraine , NATO members remain on edge and Russia guard .   Following its Russia in the 2016 election , Russia has continued to attempt to influence elections in other NATO member countries NATO including in France , through cyberhacking and propaganda tools . Trump during the campaign vowed to NATO    relations , but Trump declared last month that    relations " may Trump’s low . " READ MORE : Trump ’s hopes for Trump’s relations with Russia in    freeze , But Trump has raised fresh concerns in recent weeks as he Trump’s sought to engage Russia , inviting the Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov Trump’s the Oval Office where sources said Trump shared Trump’s classified information that a Russia US ally had provided on a confidential basis . As Trump walks into the newly Trump’s NATO headquarters on Thursday , he remains dogged by a cloud of suspicion over the federal investigation Trump’s contacts between his campaign associates and Russian officials during the Trump’s .     Afghanistan , Trump is considering deploying as many as 5 , 000 Trump’s troops to Afghanistan to beef up US training and advising of Afghans Trump’s the country where the US military has been deployed for nearly 16 Afghanistan .   But US officials have signaled in recent weeks that the Trump administration would like to see an increased commitment from NATO , which has a total of 13 , 000 troops currently deployed to Afghanistan , roughly half of which are American . The Pentagon recommended the troop increase weeks ago , but Trump has been waiting Afghanistan gauge the commitment of fellow NATO allies before making a decision . Tillerson said Wednesday that " the the Trump administration policy review is still a work in progress . "    ISIS , While several NATO allies have joined the US in the coalition fighting ISIS in Iraq and Syria , the alliance has yet to join the NATO .   Trump has stressed that he would like ISIS see NATO redouble its efforts in fighting terrorism , which Trump sees as one the greatest threats to the Trump , and said last NATO he Trump " NATO will take on an Trump role in supporting our Iraqi partners in their battle against ISIS . " Tillerson Trump joining the NATO coalition " would be a really important step NATO them to take our Iraqi partners and noted that the alliance has already " become ISIS and more engaged in the actual fight to defeat the ISIS coalition . " " There are a NATO countries that are still thinking it over , " Tillerson said . " I think they ’re going to support NATO joining and becoming " a formal member of the    coalition . Tillerson 
 NATO 