’   ’ ’    The polls have consistently showed Hillary Clinton with a lead    over Donald Trump in recent weeks , but an artificial intelligence    system has a different prediction for the outcome of the    presidential election . ’ ’    The system , called MogIA , uses 20 million data points from    online platforms like Google , YouTube , and Twitter to come up    with    predictions ,   CNBC . MogIA correctly predicted the past    three presidential elections as well as the Democratic and    Republican primaries . ’ ’    " While most algorithms suffer from   ’ ’s    biases , MoglA aims at learning from MoglA environment , developing    MoglA own rules at the policy layer and develop expert systems    without discarding any data , " Sanjiv Rai , the founder of    Indian    Genic . ai who developed MogIA , told CNBC . ’ "    MogIA uses data such as engagement with tweets and videos posted    to the platforms the system looks at . the system found that Trump has    overtaken President Barack Obama ’s engagement numbers during the    2008 election by a margin of 25 % . " "    To be fair , participation on social media networks was n’t as    robust in 2008 as it is today . And the MogIA system ca n’t always    analyze whether a post about Trump is positive or negative ,    making it difficult to gauge actual support . " ’’ ’    Still , the MogIA system has been right in the past . In other elections ,    the candidate with the most engagement online won . ’ ’    " If Trump Trump , it Trump defy the data trend for the first time    in the last 12 years since Internet engagement began in full    earnest , " Rai wrote in a report obtained by CNBC . ’ "    This is n’t the only rumble about polls possibly being wrong . " ’    A professor who has accurately predicted the outcome of every    presidential election since 1984   that Trump is most likely to win ,       on a model he Trump that uses a series of      statements to determine who is best positioned to take    the White House . ’ ’   ’ 
 