Hillary Clinton held a modest and potentially vulnerable lead over Donald J. Trump ahead of the first presidential debate Monday night , with a large number of voters remaining undecided or saying they ’ll support a    candidate . It ’s not where It seemed the race would stand a month ago , when Hillary Clinton led national polls by around eight percentage points . Her Hillary Clinton advantage has dwindled . Now she Hillary Clinton ahead by around two percentage points in    national surveys of likely voters , and in the key states she Hillary Clinton to win the Electoral College . The good news for Mrs. Hillary Clinton that she still Hillary Clinton an advantage . She has Hillary Clinton in just two    national surveys since the conventions . The state polling has been similar . Since the Democratic convention in late July , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton in all but one    poll in a combination of states worth a total of 272 electoral votes , two over the 270 needed to win . Her favorable states Hillary Clinton those that went for the Democrats John Kerry in 2004 and Al Gore in 2000 , minus Maine ’s Second Congressional District , plus New Mexico , New Hampshire , Virginia and Colorado . In a sense , this is reminiscent of 2012 . President Obama had what was called a Midwestern firewall : a lead in the    states , plus Nevada , New Mexico and New Mexico —    worth a total of 271 electoral votes . Like Mrs. Clinton ’s edge , Mr. Obama ’s lead President Obama states was occasionally quite narrow . But there was never a point where Mitt Romney was tied or ahead there , and the same is true for Mr. Trump . But there ’s one big difference : the number of voters who say they ’re undecided or support a    candidate . Strictly by the numbers , a    lead is not especially robust when 15 or even 20 percent of voters either are undecided or say they support a    candidate voters The sizable number of undecided voters is partly responsible for the volatility in the polling this year . Mrs. Clinton ’s lead has bobbed between two and eight percentage points since April ( though Mr. Trump held a fleeting lead in the few days immediately after the Republican convention ) . With so many voters on the sidelines , fairly modest shifts in the tone of the race or news media coverage can bring undecided voters onto or off the sidelines , moving the the sidelines as few voters actually change their minds . The    candidates undecided voters make things harder for analysts . In general , strong    candidates with solid name recognition and a real base of committed support   —    think Ross Perot or John Anderson   —    hold that core support in the polls on Election Day . But weaker    candidates   —    those without much name recognition   —    have a much worse track record . Their supporters tend not to vote weaker   candidates  —   those without much name recognition  —    to switch to a    candidate . One wonders whether those people were ever actually supporters at all , or whether they were just uncertain or disaffected those people taking an option provided to them by pollsters . For this those people reason , it ’s a little hard to make sense of the shifts in the race . One theory holds that the race is relatively stable , the race polls shifting only as each side ’s marginal voters feel moved to voice support for a candidate they do n’t really like . When the news is bad for Mrs. Clinton or Mr. Trump , the voters at the periphery of their coalitions say they ’re undecided , Mrs. Clinton or Mr. Trump to vote Mrs. Clinton or Mr. Trump supporting a    candidate . When the news gets better , these voters the news comfortable saying they ’ll the voters at the periphery of their coalitions candidate . This dynamic fits the voters at the periphery of their coalitions the tendency of the polls to bounce up and down , almost like a stock market trading range . If this theory is right , Mrs. Clinton is likelier to retake a more comfortable lead than to fall behind Mr. Trump . One could even spin Mrs. Clinton ’s narrow lead as good news : Mrs. Clinton ahead despite some episodes that might have hurt Mrs. Clinton   —    like the " basket of deplorables " Mrs. Clinton and her pneumonia ( and secrecy about it ) . The other Mrs. Clinton holds that Mrs. Clinton really has lost ground , and that there ’s Mrs. Clinton to suppose that she ’s likelier to rebound than to keep falling . Why would Mrs. Clinton have lost ground ? Part of the explanation might be that Mrs. Clinton    bounce had n’t actually faded by Labor Day . Another Mrs. Clinton reason is that Mr. Trump has been fairly well behaved over the last month . He has n’t gotten himself into too much trouble , relatively speaking Mr. Trump since his feud Mr. Trump the family of Capt . Humayun Khan , allowing Mr. Trump stories   —    including ones about Mrs. Clinton   —    to supplant the steady stream of news coverage about Mr. Trump ’s remarks . If this theory is right , Mrs. Mr. Trump be the favorite   —    she leads today , Mrs. Clinton     —    but she would be in danger Mrs. Clinton   One could argue that she led by a large Mrs. Clinton   only because Mr. Trump failed to clear even the Mrs. Clinton   bars of competence and decorum for Mr. Trump nominee . It would also suggest that the debates are a big opportunity for Mr. Trump : By simply being perceived as acting presidential , he could cement his Mr. Trump and even make additional improvement . Which theory is right Mr. Trump Historically , Mr. Trump ’s not obvious that either interpretation is the better one . Sometimes , races really do change for good . Other times , shifts in the polls are just noise . One thing that helps Mrs. Clinton is that the current pool of undecided and    voters is quite diverse . It includes disaffected young idealists ,    Democrats ,      and probably some of the voters who do n’t pay much attention to the news and who just ca n’t make up their mind between two unpopular candidates . In general , a more diverse pool of undecided voters the voters the candidate in the lead , since it makes them less likely to break one way . There is mainly upside for Mrs. Clinton among the a more diverse pool of undecided voters young idealists , who are unlikely to break for Mr. Trump but who could be lured back to her from a    candidate or from the ranks of the undecided . Mrs. Clinton ’s weakness Mrs. Clinton young voters is undermining what many assumed would be her biggest strength Mrs. Clinton Trump : Hispanic and black voters . Nonwhite voters are disproportionately young , Mrs. Clinton her weakness among young voters is a major reason Mrs. Clinton is not quite matching Mr. Obama ’s Mrs. Clinton among nonwhite voters in national surveys despite Mr. Mrs. Clinton appeal to racial and ethnic resentment . There ’s probably more room for Mrs. Clinton to improve than the other way around . Then there are the undecided , conflicted      and Mrs. Clinton According to recent national surveys , Mrs. Clinton is faring far worse among white voters without a degree than Mr. Obama was four years ago . Mrs. Clinton put her behind in Ohio , the anchor of Mr. Obama ’s Mr. Obama’s , as well as in Iowa and Maine Mrs. Clinton Second Congressional District . Who are they ? They ’re the voters who were the focus of    coverage in 2012 . They did n’t love Mr. Obama , but they tended to vote for him because they thought he looked out for the they class . They Mr. Obama’s Mr. Romney was they plutocrat who outsourced jobs Mr. Obama’s would they the Mr. Obama’s over ordinary Americans . For the Northern they    voters who helped give Mr. Obama his    win , the 2016 election is sort of a strange reversal of 2012 . This time , it ’s Mr. Obama’s businessman Mr. Obama’s has positioned himself as the candidate fighting for ordinary Americans . He has adopted positions with real appeal the 2016 election      whether on trade , immigration or Mr. Obama’s social safety net . Mrs. Clinton , on Mr. Obama’s other hand , is the one being caricatured as Mr. Romney was : as corrupt and bought by special interest and corporations . So far , Mr. Trump ’s losses among    suburban Republican voters have roughly canceled out Mrs. Clinton ’s losses among less educated Democrats . But Mrs. Mr. Obama’s n’t locked down their support , just as Mr. Trump has n’t Mrs. Clinton white    Democrats . Mrs. Clinton ways , it ’s not easy for either candidate to sweep both groups . Mr. Obama’s , the sort of message that appeals to    Republican voters may not resonate with    Democrats , and vice versa . But there is one thing that might affect both groups : their view of whether Mr. Trump can handle the presidency . Much depends on how they conclude he performed on Monday night . 
 Mr. Obama’s both groups both groups both groups 