On Tuesday ’s Breitbart News Daily (   EST on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 ) Pamela Geller blasted the UK for debating whether to ban Donald Trump while allowing in Islamic hate preachers . [ Pamela Geller said the West is living in " Operation Fetal Position " because of mass Muslim immigration and warned that Europe is merely a decade ahead of the U. S. if Muslim immigration continues to go unchecked .   Geller told host and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon that the Trump " debate " in the UK parliament on Monday was a " clown contest with these Islamic apologists trying to outdo each other , trying to    Britain ’s Islamic supremacists . " Geller emphasized that the strategy the West has been following the past decade to " silence critics of Jihad , Sharia " is not working . " Global jihad is out of control , " Geller said . " the West is living in Operation Fetal Position waiting for the next attack . " Geller said the idea that " our closest ally in Europe   …      would ban the man who would be the next President of the United States " shows " how over the cliff " Europe Europe gone . Geller , who has also been banned from the UK and has not been given Geller day in court , pointed out that " Muslim immigration presents a unique problem because a good number of Muslims come to the West with   …      a    model of society that they Muslim immigration is superior   …      that they Muslim immigration to implement in the the West " " You see it particularly in Europe where there is large Muslim immigration , " she said , adding that Europe is Europe decade ahead of the U. S. " We can see our future We There ’s not a question . The    zones , the Sharia courts , the chip , chip , chipping away at our freedoms . The invoking of freedom speech to kill freedom of speech . " Geller blasted the UK for " allowing in egregious hate preachers who advocate for wife beating , who advocate for    who advocate for the Sharia " while those who oppose Sharia are banned for violating blasphemy laws . Geller pointed Geller that Islam can not be criticized under Sharia and the blasphemy laws are " punitive against religious minorities , especially Christians , " since they are used to " imprison and execute those they perceive they be violating it . " In the West , Geller said Geller Islamic supremacists are given a platform and the imprimatur of legitimacy " and those that oppose Jihad are " relegated to the very fringe " while " they assassinate those that oppose Jihad character   …      murder your good name . " " Sharia is the most extreme , brutal ideology on the face of the earth , " Geller said Geller " Why in God ’s name is a country founded on individual rights , freedom of speech adhering to it ? God’s name She also Geller not mince words when discussing Facebook ’s reported deal with German Chancellor Angela Merkel to scrub    hate speech . Geller said Geller has German Chancellor Angela Merkel snapped " and " has become unhinged " in pursuing a " suicidal strategy " by allowing a Muslim invasion of Germany . And she said Geller for [ Facebook ’s Facebook ] Zuckerberg to grow up in this country Germany so enormously wealthy " and " to turn his back on Zuckerberg   …      it ’s like Zuckerberg spell of Islam . " " It ’s this Zuckerberg that has taken hold of the West , " she continued Geller " It really will be the death of freedom , and we are entering a very dark age . " 
 