From Dave Weigel and Katie Zezima in the Washington Post :   MYRTLE BEACH , S. C.   —    Sen. Ted Cruz ( . ) continued his rhetorical onslaught against Donald Trump on Saturday , casting his as a false conservative and questioning the real estate mogul ’s temperament and judgment . " Donald ’s record does not match what Donald says as a candidate , " Cruz told reporters after a forum in Fort Mill , S. C. " It seems Donald has a lot of nervous energy . For whatever reason , Donald does n’t react well when Donald ’s going down in the polls . " The remarks are part of an aggressive escalation in a relationship that had been strategically chummy . For months , Cruz had effusively praised Trump , stating there was a benefit to having the New Yorker in the race and chiding the media for " the little game " of pitting Republicans against one another . Thursday ’s Republican debate marked the end of that . Cruz , with unconcealed delight , chided Trump for raising questions about whether Trump met the Constitution ’s " natural born " standard for president with less success , Trump started raising questions about whether a Manhattan mogul could be trusted by conservatives . Trump escalated Trump attacks Saturday morning , saying in a tweet that additional lawsuits will be filed questioning Cruz ’s eligibility to be president . At a rally in Portsmouth , N. H. N. H. knocked Cruz for not reporting loans from Goldman Sachs and Citibank that N. H. used to fund N. H. 2012 Senate campaign . " How do you control .   .   . these big powerful banks , you ’re a senator and yet you owe these big powerful banks money with a personal guarantee ? " Trump said to a crowd of about 500 . Trump said Goldman " owns " Cruz and Trump will " Do anything these big powerful banks demand . " Cruz wife is on leave from her Cruz’s wife as a managing director at Goldman . In another tweet , Trump called Cruz Cruz " ultimate hypocrite , " linking to a story about how Cruz Cruz an event at the New York home of two wealthy gay businessmen . Read the rest of the article here .   OO . ready ( function ( )   ) } ) 
 