Seattle ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton commented on a series of sexual assault allegations leveled against Donald Trump on Friday when Hillary Clinton told supporters in Seattle that the " the disturbing stories keep coming . " Hillary Clinton has largely avoided commenting directly on allegations that have rocked Donald Trump campaign , instead leaving that to Hillary Clinton surrogates while Hillary Clinton tries to focus on a more positive message . " The whole world has heard how Donald Donald Trump about mistreating women and the disturbing stories keep coming , " Hillary Clinton said at a fundraiser here . " This is who Donald Trump Donald Trump . We know that . Now we have to We who we are . We is better We this . " Hillary Clinton avoided discussing specifics related to the accusations against Trump . Several Donald Trump have come forward in the past week to accuse the GOP nominee of groping them , and Several women has vehemently Donald Trump the charges . Hillary Clinton said that Hillary Clinton did n’t care about the attacks Trump planned to Donald Trump against Hillary Clinton , but that Hillary Clinton would " stand up and defend everyone else that he insults , Donald Trump degrades , Donald Trump demeans . Donald Trump " As you know , that takes a lot of time , " Hillary Clinton quipped . Later in the day , Hillary Clinton told supporters at a field office outside Seattle that Hillary Clinton takes " absolutely no satisfaction " in what is happening to Trump because of the damage Hillary Clinton said it is doing to the United States . " This election is incredibly painful . I take absolutely no satisfaction in what is happening on the other side , with my opponent , " Hillary Clinton said . " I am not at all happy about that because it hurts our country . It hurts our it . "   The line is an acknowledgment that even if Hillary Clinton wins in November , considerable time will need to be invested to help Trump supporters get over a hypothetical loss . " Damage is being done that we ’re going to have to repair , " Hillary Clinton said . " Divisions are being deepened that we ’re going we have to try to heal , so our job does we end after this election . " Hillary Clinton is in the midst of a    fundraising swing through the West Coast , the last of Hillary Clinton campaign . Hillary Clinton raised more than $ 10 million in California on Thursday and Hillary Clinton event in Seattle , which included appearances by    artists Macklemore and Ryan Lewis , is expected to be a substantial earner . 
 