Reuters reports that Roger Stone , a Republican strategist and Donald Trump supporter , is putting together a group of women to campaign against Hillary Clinton , should the former Secretary of State win the Democrat nomination . The political action committee , originally created last year with the name Women Against Hillary Clinton , is now called the Rape Accountability Project for Education PAC , or RAPE PAC .   Willey , is in talks to be the national spokesperson for the Stone group . Willey claims that in 1993 , in the Oval Stone Clinton pinned her to a wall and groped her . " This Bill Clinton’s more of Bill Clinton’s opportunity to get this message Bill Clinton’s to young voters who were n’t even born or do n’t even remember what happened and to the women who have suffered , " Willey told Reuters . Stone told Reuters . " [ The Clintons ] Willey going to be confronted every day , on Reuters , on television , on billboards . " Willey is not alone . Paula Jones has popped back into the news Willey this campaign . In the 1990 ’s    Bill Clinton settled a sexual harassment with Jones . Juanita Broaddrick , who claims Bill Clinton outright raped her , has also been Paula Jones in the public eye , including Bill Clinton media via her Bill Clinton account . As someone who lived through the 1990 ’s I can tell you that Bill Clinton DC Media was every bit as ugly as Hillary when it came to personally destroying these women . To protect their alleged abuser , a Bill Clinton Democrat the DC Media , the media was a White House ally in these women these women as liars , stalkers , psychos the DC Media golddiggers . The fact that Bill Clinton ended these women with Jones , ended up admitting he had lied about his affair with a White House intern , or that Broaddrick has contemporaneous witnesses she Bill Clinton about the assault Bill Clinton did nothing to alter the DC Media ’s role in personally destroying any and all Clinton accusers . This is why God invented the super PAC . In 2016 , Stone and Willey can Bill Clinton right over the heads of Hillary ’s media . Free speech is a beautiful thing .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 