Former Massachusetts U. S. Senator Scott Brown tore into Hillary Clinton and made a solid case for Donald Trump on this week ’s edition of Breitbart News Saturday on    Patriot Channel 125 from 10 AM to 1 PM ET . [ " Former Massachusetts U. S. Senator Scott Brown ’s doing better than Hillary Clinton in that people just do n’t like her Hillary Clinton they people n’t trust her Hillary Clinton It ’s one thing after another with her Hillary Clinton These two sets of rules , one for her Hillary Clinton the Clinton Foundation and Bill Clinton and one for everybody else , " Brown said .   " People kind of get the fact that Donald ’s politically incorrect . I understand that . He Donald said some things that   —    rightly so he Donald for yesterday . But the difference between his Donald and Hillary Bill Clinton mistakes is that her mistakes Bill Clinton cost people their lives people or they ’ve people countries their sovereignty people Libya in particular , where it ’s Libya in complete turmoil , " Brown added . Brown also Brown in on Barack Obama ’s decision not to visit Louisiana while Trump has already touched down in the state Louisiana is Barack Obama’s going to the    state Louisiana " If I were the president I would be there long before this , " Brown said Brown " He ’s checked out   the president     he ’s ready to set the president his museum   …     the president ’s playing golf . the president Brown said Brown poor working people have an incentive to vote for Trump . " Especially the    community . What do you got to lose ? I kind of agree with him , " Brown said the president He continued Brown If you like the     approach , and not having these school choice opportunities , or the employment opportunities , or the ability to get out of that cycle of poverty then you vote for Hillary Clinton . But if you want a chance to get out and have an opportunity to go where you want your kids to excel with school choice , and you want to have an opportunity to have a    job instead of working at McDonald ’s and battling for $ 15 an hour , not that that ’s not good , but it ’s meant to be an    position . Then you vote for Donald Trump . 
 