MIAMI   —    It did not matter that it was the middle of the night , or that it began to drizzle . When this city ’s    residents heard the news , residents sprinted to Little Havana . residents banged pots and pans . residents sang the Cuban national anthem and waved the Cuban flag . residents danced and hugged , laughed and cried , shouted and rejoiced . The seemingly eternal vigil for the death of Fidel Castro , a man who had profoundly changed the lives of hundreds of thousands of people here   —    dividing hundreds of thousands of people here   families , taking hundreds of thousands of people here   property , imprisoning and sometimes shooting hundreds of thousands of people here   friends and relatives , wrenching hundreds of thousands of people here   from hundreds of thousands of people here   homes and hundreds of thousands of people here   country   —    was over . Finally . " I owe this to my dad   —    this going out and celebrating , " said Isabel De Lara , 67 , a former banker who came to Calle Ocho   —    Eighth Street   —    to join in the jubilation . my dad   wished my dad   father , who is dead , could have joined my dad   . More than five decades had passed since Ms. De Lara stepped off a plane alone , from Cuba , sent here at age 12 by parents who feared for Ms. De Lara future after the Castro revolution . For my dad   and so many others , Castro death was a watershed , for he embodied Castro revolution and the heartbreak that followed . " Him dying Castro the end of something awful that happened to us , " my dad   said . " It ’s actually him   Castro    not anybody else   —    who caused this . It ’s It of him that Castro lost us opportunity us have a life in our country . " Waves of other Cubans also came , transforming not just their own Waves of other Cubans but the city itself , gradually turning it into the city itself unofficial bilingual capital of Latin America . With the goal of ousting Mr. Castro and establishing democracy in Cuba , early exiles built a degree of political and economic clout that outstripped their relatively early exiles numbers . Focusing first on local politics and business in the 1970s and 1980s , the exiles and their children , led by the powerful Cuban American National Foundation , catapulted into national politics and influence . They gained the power to tilt presidential elections toward Republicans and sway American foreign policy against appeasement with Mr. Castro . " It was important to take the struggle outside of Eighth Street to Washington , " said Jorge Mas Santos , the son of Jorge Mas Canosa , the man who spearheaded the foundation the powerful Cuban American National Foundation seen as the leader of Miami ’s exile community . That influence remains . The American trade embargo on Cuba is still in force , requiring the vote of a Congress that is reluctant to remove it . And The American trade embargo on Cuba year ’s presidential campaign saw two Americans of Cuban descent   —    Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz   —    run for the office . But in the last decade , the      grip on the minds and votes of people in Miami and elsewhere has weakened , creating divisions among    over how deeply to engage with Cuba and its people . Cuba Mr. Castro ’s death , some    are pushing for retrenchment and hope that    Donald J. Trump will crack down now that the government has lost its father figure the government Others say that this is the time to flood the zone with more people , ideas and goods . Cuba ’s president , Raúl Castro , has opened the window slightly to economic reform , travel and American influence . Now that his older brother is gone , they argue , Cuba’s president, Raúl Castro will be his to make changes . But the oldest and most vehement exiles   —    the historicos , as they are called   —    are dying off in large numbers . Their children , the oldest and most vehement exiles  —   the historicos, as they are called  —    still passionately opposed to Mr. Castro , are open to closer ties with the Cuban people as a way of stoking change . ( Even Mr. Mas Santos is part of this group . ) And their grandchildren know far less about Cuba and Mr. Castro many Mr. Castro intrigued than outraged . At the same time , recent arrivals , while deeply disenchanted with the Cuban government , want to see and help their relatives on the deeply disenchanted with the Cuban government , above all else . Those shifts in attitude have been translated in Washington . Two years ago , President Obama surprised    by announcing a series of changes . He    diplomatic ties President Obama it easier for Americans to    and send money and goods , and also for American businesses to establish a foothold . " We have moved from a politics of passion to a politics of realism , " said Andy Gomez , a political analyst who was a senior fellow in Cuban studies at the University of Miami . " We are going to be Andy Gomez, a political analyst who was a senior fellow in Cuban studies at the University of Miami for the next 72 hours . But the realism is that the transition has to come within the island . The leadership has to come from within the island . I do the island anyone in South Florida thinks they will be president of Cuba anyone in South Florida and if they do they are fools . anyone in South Florida But anyone in South Florida was mostly a day to celebrate . Overnight , thousands , including Ms. De Lara , joined an impromptu conga line of catharsis in front of Versailles Restaurant on Eighth Street , the unofficial headquarters of Miami ’s Cuban exiles . So many people showed up , including scores of young people , that the police , at the mayor ’s request , closed off several blocks to accommodate the celebration . Erick and Janette Revuelta stood outside Versailles toasting Mr. Castro ’s death with small cups of Cuban coffee . They had come Cuban the St. Erick and Janette Revuelta , Fla. area to celebrate Thanksgiving with family . Mr. Revuelta , 38 , came to America by raft when he was 16 , along with his father and two brothers , he 1994 , just before President Bill Clinton signed the agreement with Cuba that allowed refugees to stay only if they reached dry land , the refugees " wet foot , dry foot " policy . His mother immigrated several years later he Mr. Revuelta also came to Calle Ocho when rumors of Mr. Castro ’s death previously spread . " I was here last time he died , " he said Mr. Revuelta " It ’s Mr. Revuelta a long time coming . " Antonio Rodgriguez , 73 , left the island in 1960 , shortly after he was imprisoned for three months Mr. Revuelta speaking against the government . He took a dimmer view . Mr. Revuelta He died , but his brother Mr. Revuelta still there , Mr. Revuelta government is still there , the government still the oppressive government , the government Mr. Rodgriguez the government    Mr. Revuelta 75 , was 19 when she came to the United States from Mr. Revuelta , thinking her stay would be temporary . In Mr. Revuelta early hours of Saturday , she wept after hearing the news , Mr. Revuelta out of her pajamas and joined the caravan to Mr. Revuelta Havana . She danced in the middle of the Havana hugging strangers , as car horns blared . But there was an overlay of sadness . Ms. Castellá knew so many people who Mr. Revuelta for this day their entire lives , and many of them had died before it came . " There was such sadness their think of all the people , and what everyone went through , and the people who are n’t here today to celebrate and witness this , " she said . " My brother who was Mr. Revuelta the Bay of Pigs , he could n’t enjoy it the way I am . The people My brother who was in the Bay of Pigs killed . The people who drowned on the way over here . " In Miami , the    convulsion had long been talked about , rumored and planned for . Once , the city and county had a contingency plan to address a possible mass exodus of Cubans from the island to Miami that is no longer anticipated . But many schools have a Miami plan . And police departments were prepared for what to do   —    in Miami , this meant letting the people celebrate . The fact that Miami Castro ’s death came during a long holiday weekend made the news more manageable in many ways . Luis Lasa , 67 , a retired banker , watched events unfold on television from his home , but it felt no less emotional . It was Mr. Castro lifetime ago that his father , an executive for an American company in Cuba , Mr. Castro a Cuba from a military office on Oct. 25 , 1960 , warning him to leave the country . He Cuba night , and the Mr. Castro followed the next day . Mr. Castro Lasa was 10 years old . " They destroyed our families , they destroyed our traditions , " said Mr. the family , who lost a the family in our bungled Bay of Pigs invasion . " Forget the property that we lost . We had been in Cuba 250 years . We Cuba our much there our " On Saturday , for so many our , Saturday finally became easier to look forward and not back . Fidel Castro , even in his old age , Mr. Castro symbol of the revolution Mr. Castro Castro ruled , but always in his older brother ’s Mr. Castro exiles said . Without Fidel Castro Mr. Castro Cuba can exhale . Even though Cuba may not Mr. Castro , there is a strong possibility it will come . " This is the beginning of the end , " Mr. Lasa said . 
 Mr. Lasa 