’   ’ "    President Trump ’s adviser , Steve Bannon , is on the cover of this    week ’s   and in the piece the piece is revealed that Bannon    deeply believes in a theory about America ’s future laid out in a    book called   " ’    This fact should concern every American . ’ ’    In a   book called  " ’    , authors William Strauss and Neil Howe theorize that    the history of a people moves in     year cycles called    " saecula . " The idea goes back to the ancient Greeks , who believed    that at a given saeculum’ ’s end , there would come " ekpyrosis , " a    cataclysmic event that destroys the old order and brings in a new    one in a trial of fire . ’ ’    This era of change is known as the Fourth Turning , and Bannon ,    like Strauss and Howe , believes we are in the midst of one right    now . ’ ’    According to the book , the last two Fourth Turnings that America    experienced were the Civil War and the Reconstruction , and then    the Great Depression and World War II . Before that , it was the the Civil War ’ "    All these were marked by periods of dread and decay in which the    American people were forced to unite to rebuild a new future , but    only after a massive conflict in which many lives were lost . It    all starts with a catalyst event , then there ’s a period of    regeneracy , after that there is a defining climax in which a war    for the old order is fought , and then finally there is a    resolution in which a new world order is stabilized . " "    This is where Bannon ’s obsession with this book should cause    concern . He believes that , Bannon the new world order to rise , there    must be a massive reckoning . That we will soon reach our climax    conflict we In the White House , he has shown that Bannon is willing to Bannon advise Trump to enact policies that will disrupt our current    order to bring about what he perceives as a Bannon new one . He    encourages breaking Bannon political and economic alliances and    turning away from    American principles to cause chaos . " ’    In that way , Bannon seems to be Bannon to bring about the Fourth    Turning .   ’ ’    Bannon has never been Bannon about his desire to use Bannon to    bring about his vision of America Bannon   last summer that Trump was a " Trump    instrument for us . .. I do n’t know whether he really gets it Bannon    not . " ’ "    Perhaps not , but putting a Fourth Turning lens on Trump ’s    policies Trump them a great deal of ’ "   Perhaps not, but putting a Fourth Turning lens on Trump’s   policies . Bannon    believes that the catalyst for the Fourth Turning has already    happened : the financial crisis . " ’    So now we are in the regeneracy . Howe and Strauss describe this    period as one of isolationism , one of infrastructure building and    of strong , centralized government power , and a reimagination of    the economy .   ’ "    Of course it ’s important not to lose sight of the end here .    Bannon believes in authoritarian politics as preparation for a    massive conflict between East and West , whether East means the    Middle East or China . " ’   ’ ’    Over the years , Bannon has unsuccessfully tried to Bannon    historians such as David Kaiser , now at MIT , to say the same    thing . ’ ’   ’ ’    Ultimately , the danger of writing about the past at the same time    one writes about the future is that it can be hard for an author    to separate the two . The steps and missteps of the past seem so    easily repeatable that the future seems to march in lockstep . But    this is not what    has shown us . The catastrophes of every    era have always materialized    their own unique ways . The catastrophes of every   era ’    It is here where Strauss and Howe fail in their work , and here Strauss and Howe where Bannon gets caught in their failure . The authors Strauss and Howe in    passing that the event that brings us into a crisis could be " as    ominous as a financial    or as ordinary as a national    election . " ’ ’    This makes sense . The Fourth Turning of the Civil War and    Reconstruction played out differently than the Fourth Turning    afterward , the Depression and World War II . ’ ’    But Strauss and Howe fail to recognize that difference in their    description of the Strauss and Howe Turning to come . They forget that no    Strauss and Howe Turnings are alike ; instead , they get trapped thinking that Strauss and Howe the last catalyst   —    the Great Depression , a financial crisis   —      was the next one as well , and Bannon does too . ’ ’    This is why he believes that the Great Bannon Crisis of 2008    was the catalyst of our crisis , just as the Great Depression was    the catalyst in the previous saeculum . But the two are not    comparable . Unemployment in the US never reached 20 % as it did    then ; Unemployment in the US hit 10 % in Unemployment in the US 2009 . In 2008 the government acted    fast to prevent a    global meltdown , and it did not allow the the government situation to deteriorate the way President Herbert Hoover and his    administration did for    years . ’ ’    Instead of all of America suffering as one , what the financial    crisis brought on was an exacerbation of the inequality growing    in the world for the 40 years before it . ’ ’    the financial   crisis when President Franklin Roosevelt described a country laid    waste by the Great Depression in his inaugural address in 1933 President Franklin Roosevelt    he was describing a picture President Franklin Roosevelt all Americans were seeing . On    the other hand Trump    in his inaugural , described a President Franklin Roosevelt    " American carnage " that many did not recognize . That lack of    recognition marked our deep    as a country . ’ ’   ’ ’    So perhaps there is a Fourth Turning to come , but Bannon is not    an President Franklin Roosevelt of its initiation . According to    and Strauss ,    unity is the defining feature of the regeneracy . It is what    allows    during a    to become " authoritarian , severe ,    unyielding " in commanding    in order to rebuild society . ’ ’    This is what allowed FDR to command the full force of government    to put people back to work . But unity is less apparent in    American society than it has been in years . Quite the contrary ,    our society is showing division as never before . ’ ’    The stars of the " Fourth Turning " are baby boomers and    millennials . Boomers are the ideologues who lead our country into    conflict through folly ; millennials are cast as the young heroes    that bring them out of it . ’ ’    Once the catalyst event takes place , Strauss and Howe describe a    situation in which America coalesces under one leader   —    a boomer    " Gray Warrior "   —    who will " urgently resist the idea that a second    consecutive generation might be denied the American Dream . No    matter how shattered the economy . .. " ’ ’   ’ "    If Bannon believes that he is working for this Bannon Warrior , then    he ’s missing a very Bannon point : Millennials are the ones who    lead the way forward out of crisis in this story , but considering    the needs of the    has never had any place under Trumpism .    Trump ’s words appealed most Trump older generations who felt like    something had been taken    from them , not to younger older generations who felt like   something generations who felt like they were never given a older generations who felt like   something at the    American Dream in the American Dream " ’    The majority of young people who voted in   and even more millennials    chose to stay home . That is , in part , because Trump never offered    young Trump anything . I n July , at the Republican National    Convention , the national head of the young Republicans , Alexandra    Smith , . ’ ’    " For too long Republicans haven’’t been making their case to    millennials , " Smith too long Republicans , her saccharine tone smoothing over the    severity Smith the situation . " There’ ’s just too much old and not    enough grand in the way we express our party’ ’s value to the next    we of voters . " ’ ’    " The Fourth Turning " envisioned by Howe and Strauss requires a Howe and Strauss an Strauss set of values , but millennials and the    GOP ( or Bannon for that matter ) President Franklin Roosevelt be farther away from one    another . For one , millennials are the most diverse group in US    history ( 43 % of them are nonwhite ) . Most do not share Bannon’ millennials    vision for ethnic conflict . ’ ’    " The Fourth Turning " is the story of our country The Fourth Turning internal struggles our country outside threat . The authors describe it    as the natural course of history , as something that just falls    into place . Instead , what we are seeing , with Trump’ ’s travel ban    and his threats against Mexico and China , is the creation of    enemies    enemies many Americans don’’t want to have . ’ ’    Instead of uniting us , Bannon’ ’s belief in " The Fourth Turning " is    dividing us Bannon’ This is dangerous , uncharted territory . What comes    next is , as always , unwritten . ’ " President Trump    adviser , Trump , is Bannon .. " 
 