’   tycoon Donald Trump tore into Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) with renewed vigor at a    rally , the day after Sen. Ted Cruz .’ " tycoon Donald Trump repeatedly attacked tycoon Donald Trump top Republican presidential rival on a host of issues during a campaign speech , including the mogul ’s favorite attack line : Sen. Ted Cruz ’s birth in Canada . " ’"What kind of people do we have running for office ? " tycoon Donald Trump asked after bashing Cruz’ ’s honesty for a while in Milford , New Hampshire.’ ’"No , it’ ’s honestly really , really dishonest . And I think I know why . You know why ? Because tycoon Donald Trump was born in Canada ! " he exclaimed.’ ’Cruz was born in Canada to an American mother , and   believe he exclaimed.’ ’Cruz meets the Constitution’ ’s requirement that presidents are " " citizens . But Trump frequently warns that if Cruz becomes the GOP nominee , Democrats would sue and potentially disqualify Trump from the presidency.’ ’"He gets the nomination , they’’re going to sue Trump     off , " Trump said Tuesday.’ ’Trump said this after seizing on a new topic with which to criticize Cruz : retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson’ ’s accusation that Cruz played " dirty tricks " on the night of the Iowa caucuses.’ ’At the time , Carson   signaled that Carson   was speaking early on Monday and flying home to Florida , which caused some Cruz supporters to publicly speculate that Carson   was withdrawing from the race . Rep. Steve King ( ) one of Cruz’ ’s most prominent surrogates , : " Carson   looks like Carson   is out . Iowans need to know before Iowans vote . Most will go to Cruz , I hope . " ’ ’Carson , who came in fourth in the Iowa caucuses , blasted the " deceit and dirty tricks and lies " during a speech before his supporters there . Cruz to Carson Carson   Tuesday and said his his should have promoted Carson’ ’s statement denying the rumors.’ ’’ " Trump Trump’s the rumors to Cruz Cruz attack    attack ads claiming he supports Obamacare . Cruz Cruz gone out of his he to highlight Trump ’s past support for    policies , including on healthcare , but Trump Trump’s promised to repeal Obama ’s signature healthcare legislation . " ’"These are dishonest people , these politicians . These are worse than    people in New York , I’’m telling you . No , no , these These truly dishonest people , " Trump Trump’s while also attacking Cruz for   the senator’ ’s campaign sent some voters in Iowa.’ ’At another point in his speech , Trump Trump’s implicitly accused Cruz Cruz stealing his his to build a wall along the Mexican border . And he his criticized Cruz Cruz other GOP candidates for taking    contributions from special interests.’ ’"If you look at Ted Cruz he’ ’s got tremendous money from the oil companies . He’ ’s he’ to take care of the oil the oil companies ’s he’ to take care of Wall Street , even though he didn’’t he’ his loans he’ " Trump said , boasting that he was investing his Trump fortune into Trump campaign.’ ’"Now , Trump people are 100 % going to   —    like a little puppet   —    they’’re going to take care of those interests , " Trump added , speaking Trump . " With me , I have nobody . I just want to take care of you . I just want to do the right thing . " ’ 
 