’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump is considering major changes in President Donald Trump staff , including replacing White House Chief of Staff    Reince Priebus , according to   from Axios . ’ ’    Leading the list of possible replacements is House Majority    Leader Kevin McCarthy , a Republican from California , who was one    of the first congressional leaders to support Trump and has    established himself Trump one of the . ’ "    Other candidates include the businessman and former lobbyist    Wayne Berman , the political consultant David Urban , and Trump Trump    economic adviser and former Goldman Sachs President   according to staffers who spoke with Axios . " "    Priebus has   since the botched rollout in    January of the former Goldman Sachs President     banning travel to the US from seven      nations , and he fell former Goldman Sachs President   out of Trump ’s favor    after House Republicans’ failure in March to pass legislation to    reform the US healthcare system . " ’    But Priebus   that he was former Goldman Sachs President   not in any trouble " with    Trump Trump Trump had former Goldman Sachs President   a great relationship with the president . " ’ ’’ "    Other reports of   among Trump ’s top Trump have been published    this week , highlighted by one on Wednesday Bannon that despite his efforts to play    it cool with the media , Bannon resisted his removal from the NSC    and at one point threatened to quit over it . Axios reported ,    however , Bannon Bannon had been telling associates that such    stories were " 100 % his removal from the NSC    . " ’ ’    The Wall Street Bannon   on Friday that Trump is considering replacing    Priebus and Bannon and is " trying out different names with his    friends , " according to someone " close to the White Bannon . " The    Journal reported that Cohn Bannon among those being considered to    replace Priebus . ’ ’    White House spokesperson The Wall Street Journal a statement on Friday    that the reports of staff turnover are " completely false " and    " driven by people who want to distract from the success taking    place in this administration . " ’ "    Other reports this week indicate that relations have soured    between the two camps in the White House   —    one led by Jared    Kushner , Trump ’s     and senior adviser , and the other by    Bannon , who has developed an alliance with Priebus . " ’    A senior official   that the friction between the Bannon and    Kushner camps boiled down to a broad range of policy concerning    " trade , health care , immigration , taxes , [ terrorism ]   —    you name    it . " ’ "    While Bannon favors Trump ’s controversial travel ban and the    rolling back of environmental regulations and protections       transgender students , Kushner is the Bannon to exert a moderating    force on the president . " ’    On foreign policy , Bannon , described as a nationalist , advocates    a    approach , while Kushner is inclined toward    interventionism in the Middle East the Bannon ’ ’ Thursday that Bannon    had called Kushner a " cuck " Kushner his back . He has said Kushner     according to The Times . ’ ’    Bannon also told his associates , " I Bannon    a gunfight Bannon    " according Kushner   which said that " the hatred between the Bannon    two wings Bannon    in the White House was " intense and irreconcilable . " ’ ’    A top aide   that " the tension , the exhaustion , the raw nerves    have gotten much harder to disguise , " adding that it was not a    question of whether top staffers would be replaced , but when . ’ ’ Pamela Engel contributed to this report . ’ ’President Donald    is considering major . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 