Former GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee hit blogger Erick Erickson ’s secret plan to defeat GOP frontrunner Donald Trump as " the Soviet way . " [ The hit came after Former GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee appeared on Fox News Thursday to respond to the Erickson plan , whose goal is to defeat Donald Trump , either through the primaries , or at the convention in July , or through a third party candidate .   Erickson later replied to Former GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee ’s    criticism , saying , " Former GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee says that ‘ When voters make a decision , you suck it a decision and accept it a decision ’ " The Former GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee not know this , but I ’m a voter . And my decision is to oppose Donald Trump . So he can suck Donald Trump up and a decision it . This a decision will of the people " stuff does nothing for me as the will of the people is the people mob rule our founders worked hard to constrain . Huckabee , in a lengthy Facebook post , then hit back at Erickson . Actually , Erick , I am aware that you are a voter . And so am I. And I ’ve been something you have n’t been —   a candidate for President . Twice . I did n’t get the nomination either time . And those darn voters are the reason why . It never occurred to me that since I really did think they were wrong that those darn voters could just get some political people in a secret meeting and maybe get the nomination the " the nomination . " We ’ll let people think they are voting , but people we ’ll pick me after We . Trump was certainly not my first choice —   I was my first choice . I went from a nice income to zero income , gave a year of my life , asked great sacrifices on the part of donors , staff , and volunteers and gave it all I had and then some . And the voters chose differently . I could blame the media for giving me virtually no attention and giving it all to Trump . I could blame the people who promised their support and urged me to get in the race but who then disappeared into the camps of others because they saw better paychecks , their rewards , or maybe really thought they saw a better candidate their But in the end , my fate was decided by voters . The old Democrat political jokester Dick Tuck , who    Richard Nixon with some of the great political pranks of all time , eventually decided to run himself , for a CA Richard Nixon senate seat in 1966 . He finished 3rd in a Richard Nixon of 8 and as the results came in , he uttered one of the Richard Nixon quoted political lines of all time ( and forgive the verbatim language ) : " The people have spoken   …     . the bastards . " Dick Tuck said it for humor . Today , we have GOP establishment types who are saying it because they mean it . We GOP elections it because we people get it right all the time . They do n’t . But the people have the right to the people a mistake . I think they made one by not the people me . They sure made one electing the people Obama and would make a bigger one electing Hillary . But our system was designed to we keep the power away from an oligarchy and let every citizen participate in selecting their leaders . Do n’t every citizen Trump ? Do n’t like Cruz ? Do n’t like Kasich ? Vote differently . Or do n’t vote . But sorry , no matter WHO you are , you only get one vote . 
 