’Donald Trump responded to an attack from ’Donald Trump Democratic presidential rival on the night of the Super Tuesday contests.’ ’Earlier in the evening , Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton   and ’Donald Trump " Make America Great Again " campaign slogan.’ ’"We know we’’ve got work to do . It’ ’s not to make America great again , " Clinton said . " America never stopped being great . We have to make America whole . .. and fill in what’ ’s been hollowed out . " ’ " Trump said Clinton was n’t capable of fixing America problems . " ’"I watched Hillary’ ’s speech and she’ ’s talking about , ’’ Wages have been poor , and everything’ ’s poor , and everything’ everything’ doing badly , but we’’re going to make it . ’’ She’ she’ been there for so long , " Trump Trump , referring to Clinton’ ’s long career in government.’ ’"I mean , if she Trump straightened it out by now , she’ she’ not going to straighten it it in the next four years . It’ ’s just going to become worse and worse , " he It’ ’He then responded directly to her Trump on his campaign slogan.’ ’"She wants to make America whole again , and I’’m trying to figure out what is that all about , " Trump said . " ’’ Make America America again ’’ is going to be much better than making America America again . " ’ " Trump Trump tried to dispute the notion that he Trump a divisive character , a portrayal that Democrats   —    and many Republicans   —    have given him Trump " ’"I am a unifier , " Trump Trump . " I know people are going to find that a little bit hard to believe , but believe me , I am a unifier . " ’ ’He also suggested that , if he ’ ’He Clinton were the presidential nominees for their he and Clinton parties , it would be an " easy race . " ’ ’"Once we get all of this finished , I’’m going to go after one person . That’ ’s Hillary Clinton , " Trump said . " . .. And I think that’ ’s frankly going to be an easy race . You see the polls . I beat Hillary in many polls . " ’ " Trump Trump pushed back on the narrative that he Trump dividing the Republican party . " ’"We are going to be a much finer party , " Trump Trump . " We’’re going to be a unified party . . .. And we are going to be a much bigger party . And you can see that happening . . .. Our the Republican party expanding . " ’ Trump to an attack from his . .. Trump 
 