PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania   —    Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley won loud cheers at the Democratic National Convention on Wednesday evening when Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley called Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump a " racist . " But Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley was stumped when Breitbart News asked Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley to name anything Donald Trump had said about black people . [   Breitbart News : Governor O’Malley , can I ask you to clarify something ? So , um , your speech was very well received   —    Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley : Thank you . Breitbart News : You said that Donald Trump is a " bully " and a " racist . " Can you elaborate on that ? What has Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley said about black people that people should be worried about ? O’Malley : What ’s Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley said about ? Breitbart News [  Breitbart News: Governor O’Malley said Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley was a " racist " ? O’Malley : Yeah , I said O’Malley was a racist about    I said Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley was a religious bigot , and , uh   —    Handler : There ’s a place for those requests . We ’re gon na go . O’Malley actually    the " bully racist " line in Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley speech . Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley prepared remarks   —    as handed out to reporters   —    read : " It ’s time to put Donald Trump in his place . " Onstage , Donald Trump , O’Malley substituted " a bully racist O’Malley for " Donald Trump . " ( See O’Malley ’s speech , at 5:51 , below . ) O’Malley made no mention of bigotry O’Malley Mexicans or other religions in his speech . Before dropping out O’Malley the presidential primary race , O’Malley was booed by Black Lives O’Malley activists at a Netroots Nation conference for saying : " Every life matters . And that is why this issue is so important . Black lives matter , white lives matter , all lives matter . " The latter two phrases are considered    by the movement . Later , on a radio show called " This Week in Blackness , " O’Malley apologized , saying he had O’Malley a " mistake O’Malley and that he had " meant no disrespect O’Malley to black people . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . O’Malley 