Washington ( CNN ) Tim Kaine split Sunday with running mate Hillary Clinton over how the Democratic nominee had characterized Donald Trump ’s supporters during a fundraising event earlier this month . Asked on ABC ’s " This Week " whether he would use the word " irredeemable " to describe many of Donald Trump’s supporters , the Virginia senator and Clinton running mate said he he n’t .   " That ’s not a word I would use . I would n’t use it , " Kaine said .   Clinton Clinton told a roomful of donors : " To just be grossly generalistic , you can put half of Trump Donald Trump’s into what I call " the basket of deplorables . " Right ? Racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamaphobic , you name it . " She Clinton added : " Now some of those folks , they some of those folks irredeemable . " Clinton Clinton since said she Clinton n’t have used the word " half "     but has stuck with her Clinton of many of Trump Donald Trump’s , including white nationalist David Duke .   But Kaine said some of Trump ’s Donald Trump’s never be persuaded to back Clinton .   Clinton I think we would be unrealistic to think that some people are going to fundamentally change their view . some people they ’ve held some people a view for five years , as Donald Trump has Donald Trump’s President Obama is not a citizen of this country , I do n’t think they ’re going to they’ve held to a view for five years, as Donald Trump has, that President Obama is not a citizen of this country their views , " they’ve held to a view for five years, as Donald Trump has, that President Obama is not a citizen of this country said .   However , Kaine said , others Kaine be won over     pointing to progress in his home state of Kaine , which when he was born still Kaine segregated schools and would n’t let women into the University of Virginia .   " Today we ’ve opened the doors of opportunity and our economy is in we top 10 and people who fought in every step of the way have realized , ’Wait a minute , we ’re better when we let everybody around we table , we ’re actually a we " Kaine said .   " I ’ve seen that transition work in my state from fighting against equality , fighting against inclusion to embracing it and being stronger as a result , " Kaine said , echoing Kaine ’s " stronger together "    theme .   " That ’s what stronger together means     I ’ve seen it work in Virginia and I know that that ’s the path we ’re on as a nation , " Kaine said . " Kaine ’s the choice . " 
 