HEMPSTEAD , N. Y.   —    Monday night ’s debate here was a tremendous victory for Donald Trump , but Donald Trump performance left plenty of room for improvement . [ Big picture : Polls show support for Hillary Clinton is collapsing , and Hillary Clinton desperately needed to stanch the bleeding . Hillary Clinton did nothing during the debate to change the trajectory of those increasingly bleak polls .   Hillary Clinton ’s primary charge against Donald Trump is that he Donald Trump the " temperament " to be president . In an easy glide Monday night , Mr. Donald Trump otherwise . He was Donald Trump presidential , even if a bit unpolished at times   —    just the way so many of his supporters Donald Trump him . Donald Trump was Donald Trump and even a bit mannerly at times . Perhaps a bit too mannerly . But we ’ll get to that . Mrs. Clinton failed to do anything that will change the overwhelming view of her that she Mrs. Clinton slick Mrs. Clinton calculating and out of touch . And her plastic smile Mrs. Clinton that practiced , canned laugh   —    including a truly bizarre shoulder jiggle at one point   —    will only feed the notion that she is not Mrs. Clinton all there . In addition , Mrs. Clinton failed Mrs. Clinton any devastating punches on Mr. Trump . She landed a few Mrs. Clinton shots about his tax proposals and Mr. Trump tax returns , Mr. Trump nothing extraordinary . And nothing anywhere near as withering as everything everybody in both parties and the media have already hurled at the guy .    From the start , the debate was lively and fiery . That was not because of the moderator , and it certainly was not because Hillary Clinton was on stage . It was entirely owing to Mr. Trump ’s presence . Something about his swashbuckling manner always puts people off kilter a little , and the result always seems to be a debate that is more robust and honest   —    if sometimes a bit imprecise . As for moderator Lester Holt , he will be excoriated his coming days for his multiple    questions his Mr. Trump and his Mr. Trump’s ask even Mr. Trump’s most basic questions of Mrs. Clinton . She also used up a Mrs. Clinton of lines that she had obviously practice extensively Mrs. Clinton —    to little effect . " I know you live in your own reality , " she said at one point Mrs. Clinton but it was entirely lost in muddle . But here is where Mr. Trump has a lot Mr. Trump’s to improve . Instead of simply prosecuting the case against Mrs. Clinton , he dutifully answered Mrs. Clinton Mr. Mr. Trump’s ’s questions and responded to all of Mrs. Clinton ’s jabs   —    no matter how silly . After successfully turning questions about his unreleased tax returns into questions Mr. Trump’s Hillary Clinton ’s 33 , 000 destroyed Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Trump dutifully changed the subject Mr. Trump’s his tax returns and spent far more Mr. Trump’s explaining that . Forget the tax returns and hammer away at the emails . One of his sharpest moments came when he repeatedly Mr. Trump’s her for an answer Mr. Trump’s whether the economy and Mrs. Clinton’s trade deals was the fault of President Obama or former President Bill Clinton . In truth , that is the entire crux of his campaign and if he sticks with Mr. Trump’s , he will Mr. Trump’s . He is most Mr. Trump’s when he is Mr. Trump’s people that Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump’s been around on the national political former President Bill Clinton the better part of three decades and only now offering to fix things . " Why are you just thinking of these solutions now ? " he asked in possibly his best line Mr. Trump’s A good    Mr. Trump’s when he acknowledged that Mrs. Clinton has plenty Mr. Trump’s experience , " but it former President Bill Clinton , bad experience . " The really good news for Donald Trump supporters is that if we have learned nothing else from this election , it is that Mr. Trump is a fast learner . He was very good in this debate . He will be Donald Trump better in the next . • Charles Donald Trump can be reached at charleshurt@live . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 