’   ’ ’    White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told     on Tuesday that    " it’ ’s time to move on " from the investigations into whether    President Donald Trump colluded with Russia during the 2016    presidential election . ’ ’    White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders ’’ comments came hours after President Donald Trump fired FBI Director James    Comey , which she said would not have an impact on the FBI’ ’s    investigation into Trump’ ’s Russia ties . she said that she thinks    the larger point , however , is " when are they going to let that    go ? " ’ ’    " It’ ’s been going on for nearly a year , " Sanders said . " Frankly ,    It’ ’s kind of getting absurd . There’ ’s nothing there . We’’ve heard    it time and time again . We heard it in the testimonies earlier    this week . We’’ve heard We’’ve for the last 11 months . There is no    ’’ there ’’ there . It’ ’s time to move on , and frankly , It’ ’s time to    focus on things the American people care about . " ’ "    Comey testified before the House Intelligence Committee in March    that the FBI was still in the FBI early stages of the    counterintelligence investigation into Russia ’s election    interference and whether the Trump campaign was involved .    Counterintelligence probes often take years , and lawmakers on    both the House and Senate Intelligence Committees said the    investigations could seep into the 2018 midterm elections . " "    Most Democrats and a handful of Republicans   Trump ’s decision to fire Comey , who was in the middle    of investigating the Trump campaign ’s ties to Russia when Trump was    unexpectedly fired on Tuesday evening . " "    The dismissal has emboldened calls from both parties to the    Justice Department , however ,   to oversee the bureau ’s Russia investigation .    Others are insisting that Comey appear before the appropriate    congressional committees to testify about the bureau’s Russia investigation now       he Comey a private citizen . " ’    Former National Security Agency lawyer Susan Hennessey wrote in       blog on Tuesday that " getting rid of Comey Comey .. removes the    guy who can look Congress in the eye and say credibly that the    FBI is investigating whether anyone in the Trump orbit was    actively working with the Russians . " ’ ’    " It removes the guy who , in February ,   the White House ’s request to publicly knock down    stories about Trump Trump Russia while congressmen in key positions    of investigatory responsibility " Hennessey continued . " It It the one person of    stature ( figurative as well as literal ) in the government whom    everyone knows     when he ’s     what he he is    the right thing and damn the torpedoes . It It , in other    words , the essential person for a credible investigation . " ’ "    Sessions and Rosenstein said in their " ’ "   Sessions and Rosenstein that they " ’ "   Sessions and Rosenstein recommended firing Comey because of how he Comey the       into Hillary Clinton ’s email server . But New York    Times reporter Michael Schmidt reported that Sessions had been    trying to find an excuse to fire Comey Comey at least a week . " ’ ’ ’ . : " It’ ’s time to focus on the things that the American people care about . "   ’ ’White House deputy press secretary Sarah . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 