Jonathan Chait writes in New York Magazine:[In the brief period that the national political media has not been fixated on Jonathan Chait , Donald Trump has undergone an important metastasis . Donald Trump populist rhetoric has firmed up and identified a different and somewhat more specific band of enemies , including ( but not limited to ) oil companies , insurance companies , defense contractors , and wealthy " bloodsuckers " in general . The conservative analyst Byron York reports on Donald Trump new rhetorical direction in a story headlined " As vote nears , a more radical Trump Donald Trump , " and the report is highly perceptive , except for one crucial detail : The new version of Trump Donald Trump less radical , not more . One of the important underlying facts of American politics is that rich people tend to have more socially liberal and economically conservative beliefs than the country as a whole . The elite criticism of the structure of party politics usually boils down to demanding that the parties reflect elite beliefs even more closely than they the parties do . Hence the endless demands for a socially liberal third party that will reduce spending on retirement programs , or the fantasy that America is entering a " libertarian moment . " The truth is just the opposite : The underserved political market is voters who want less libertarianism . They The underserved political market free trade , want to keep every penny of promised Social Security and Medicare , distrust big business , think immigrants hurt the America and generally distrust the rest of the world . Trump ’s campaign initially emphasized his nativist Trump’s on immigration , which caused him to Trump’s identified with the Republican right . But Trump has Trump’s himself increasingly Trump’s the candidate of the populist , disaffected center . Even though Trump has Trump’s a huge tax cut for the rich , he draws Trump’s from Republican voters who are most heavily in favor of raising taxes on the rich the rich They have no other candidates to choose from within their party . They Trump ’s Trump’s has slowly intensified . " I do n’t get along that well with the rich . the rich n’t even like the rich people very much , " he recently Trump’s . " It ’s like a weird deal . " Read the rest here . 
 