CHARLOTTE , North Carolina —   President Obama will make President Obama second appearance in the Tar Heel state in three days to stump for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Friday . Coinciding with President Obama ’s campaign visits , voters across the Tar Heel state are receiving notice that their voters across the state premiums under Obamacare will spike by nearly    percent next year . [ Popular conservative Congressman Mark Meadows ( ) highlighted increasing Obamacare Obamacare as the primary reason " President Obama can not save Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton a statement issued to Breitbart News .   In his President Obama , a statement issued to Breitbart News hammers [Popular conservative Congressman Mark Meadows ( ) President Obama : President President Obama trying to make Hillary ’s case to Hillary Clinton Carolinians even though she just learned she Hillary Clinton under federal Hillary Clinton yet again . Obama supports President Obama to preserve his Hillary Clinton President Obama , namely Obamacare . What the people of North Carolina know is that starting next year , Obamacare premiums are set to spike Obamacare insurers are leaving the marketplace . President Obama President Obama save Hillary Clinton with 4 days to go . The momentum is clearly behind Donald Trump and on November 8th , the Tar Heel State will vote to Make America Great Again . As previously reported by Breitbart News , both President Obama and the Clinton campaign have tried to shift focus away from Hillary and towards President Obama and his " legacy . " " My legacy is on the ballot , " Obama roars in the ad . " Tolerance is on the ballot . Democracy is on the the ballot Justice is on the ballot the ballot schools are on the ballot the ballot Noticeably absent among the things Obama the ballot being on the ballot is the person whose Obama actually appears on the the ballot Hillary Clinton . That Obama " legacy " might the ballot as popular as the Clinton campaign Obama hoping as the North Carolina Department of Insurance has approved Hillary Clinton 24 . 26 percent statewide average premium hike for 2017 . The Clinton campaign has deployed nearly all of it ’s top surrogates   the Clinton campaign the candidate   —    to North the Clinton campaign in the final days before the election , as polling has shown Trump surging into a significant lead . President Obama will speak at the PNC Music Pavilion in Charlotte Friday evening starting at 6:00 p. m. Dustin Stockton is a political reporter for Breitbart News , a community liaison for Gun Owners of America , and a political strategist . Follow him on Twitter @DustinStockton or   Facebook . 
 Dustin Stockton 