WASHINGTON   —    As he prepared last week to deliver he farewell address , President Obama convened three Democratic leaders in the White House for a strategy session on the future of three Democratic leaders in the White House party . The quiet huddle included Senator Chuck Schumer of New York and Representative Nancy Pelosi of California , the top Democrats in Congress , and Gov. Terry McAuliffe of Virginia . One topic of urgent concern , according to people briefed on the meeting : how to break the Republican Party ’s iron grip on the congressional map . Thwarted for much of Mr. Obama term by a confrontational Republican Congress , and criticized by Mr. Obama fellow Democrats for not devoting sufficient attention to his fellow Democrats candidates , Mr. Obama has decided to make the byzantine process of legislative redistricting a central political priority in Mr. Obama first years after the presidency . Emerging as Mr. Obama chief collaborator and proxy is Eric H. Holder Jr. the former attorney general of the United States and a personal friend of the president . He has Mr. Obama on to lead the National Democratic Redistricting Committee , a newly formed political group aimed at untangling the creatively drawn districts that have helped cement the Republican Party in power in Washington and many state capitals . In an interview this week at Covington   Burling , the Washington law firm Washington he is Mr. Obama in private practice , Mr. Holder , 65 , said that he and Mr. Obama Obama believe Republicans have undermined the political system by creating a patchwork of legislative maps   —    at both the state and federal levels   —    that are designed to stifle the will of voters . Echoing a number of Mr. Obama ’s Mr. Obama , Mr. Holder described fighting Mr. Obama as a " primary concern " for the president once he leaves the White House the president " He thinks , and I the president , that this is something that threatens our democracy , " Mr. Holder said . " Mr. Obama a system now where the politicians are picking their voters , as opposed to the politicians making selections about who they want to represent them . the politicians Mr. Holder is the politicians to kick Mr. Obama initiative on Thursday with a speech Mr. Obama the Center for American Progress , a liberal think tank in Washington . The first major    event for the group is to take place in Chicago this spring David Jacobson , a former ambassador to Mr. Holder said he anticipated that Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. would also be involved , along with other " present Mr. Holder former cabinet members . " For Mr. Obama , the redistricting campaign signals how personally engaged in electoral politics he intends to be after leaving Obama unlike many an Obama campaign    enjoy something of a    period . Obama Obama has also appeared to concede in recent weeks that he spent a limited amount of time tending to Obama Party as an institution during his time in office , Obama in a television interview explained almost apologetically that the presidency is a    job . Obama redistricting may be a special preoccupation among Mr. Obama and his allies : For them , Mr. Holder said , there is considerable resentment of how an entrenched House Republican majority Obama the president ’s goals over redistricting his tenure . " The tasks that he had placed before him were made a lot more difficult , progress a lot Obama difficult , than it needed to Obama , " Mr. Obama said of Mr. Obama . " That ’s because of the Congress that he had to deal with , which Obama function of the 2010 redistricting effort . " While Mr. Holder said he committed to lead Mr. Obama new Democratic group well before Election Day   —    and spoke with Hillary Clinton Obama during the Obama race   —    he said Donald J. Trump ’s victory had intensified interest among activists and donors . The    and    campaign comes amid a broader Obama in Democratic interest in state and local elections , at a moment when Republicans control every lever of government in Washington . Candidates seeking to lead the Democratic National Committee have called for a more intensive focus on nonfederal elections , and several senior Democrats said distraught party donors were turning their attention to the states . The Democratic Governors Association and the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee , two groups teaming up with Mr. Holder , are distraught party donors recruiting candidates for upcoming    elections . Mr. McAuliffe , who declined to discuss the White House meeting , said he had been in touch with Ms. Pelosi and Mr. Schumer since the elections to refocus the party ’s attention on races in the states . Mr. McAuliffe, who declined to discuss the White House meeting said he and Ms. Pelosi had commiserated about the grim state of the congressional map . " I said : ‘ Nancy , it does Mr. McAuliffe, who declined to discuss the White House meeting matter Ms. Pelosi and Mr. Schumer have if we do n’t have lines where Democrats can run competitively and win,’ " Mr. McAuliffe said . But Democrats have long suffered from a consuming obsession with the presidency at the expense of other elections , said Mr. McAuliffe Mr. McAuliffe, who declined to discuss the White House meeting former national party chairman . " We ’ve got to be smarter about how we ’re building the future of this party . We have been decimated at the state level , and it ’s at the state level that they draw the maps We " he said , adding the Republican Party’s We We all this money in the presidential , and then everybody the Republican Party’s away . the state level round the Republican Party’s congressional Mr. McAuliffe, who declined to discuss the White House meeting is still years away , after the next We census in 2020 . But the officials drawing the maps in most states will be chosen in elections well before then , starting with the election for governor in Virginia this year . Democrats ruefully acknowledge now that before the 2010 census , riding high after Mr. Obama ’s 2008 victory and seemingly secure in their hold on Congress , they were far less prepared than Republicans in gearing up for legislative reapportionment . The Republican Party mounted a ferocious     campaign that gave it overwhelming control of Democrats , allowing it to Democrats in many victories in the 2010 midterm elections . In the    to 2020 , Democrats say , their goal in many places The Republican Party be not to seize control of The Republican Party , but merely to capture one or two key offices to keep Republicans from locking them out of the process Democrats Right now , there are 25 states in which Republicans control the whole government   —    the governorship and the legislature   —    versus just Republicans wholly controlled by Democrats . Mr. Holder said his initiative would unfold on three fronts : In court , where Democrats will Mr. Holder violating the law on the campaign trail , where they will seek to win offices that influence redistricting Mr. Holder through ballot referendums in states that allow voters to give direct approval to laws mandating new Democrats for legislative apportionment . Mr. Holder said he was also prepared Democrats take an unaccustomed leap into electoral politics , campaigning for candidates around the country who can affect the redistricting process . A career prosecutor , Mr. Holder has quickly emerged as a leading Mr. Holder in Democratic efforts to fight Mr. Trump he has been retained by the    California Legislature to help in any battles with the Trump administration . The success of Mr. Holder effort will depend in part on whether the newfound appetite among Democrats for confronting gerrymandering Mr. Trump be sustained as more attention turns to what will be a    presidential primary , the sort of glamorous campaign that often attracts the most attention from liberal donors at the expense of    party building efforts . Republican donors have typically been more attentive to state elections they are expected to pour money into defending the party ’s hold on power outside of Washington . Party strategists hope that having as    a figure as Mr. Holder , and eventually Mr. Obama himself , will make Republican donors easier for them to solicit    and    figure checks . Mr. Holder said he and Mr. Obama believed strongly that Democrats needed to look beyond Washington . " I can remember conversations with him where it was his view that Party strategists would n’t take huge amounts of money to Mr. Holder impact on having as   a figure as Mr. Holder, and eventually Mr. Obama himself, will make it easier for them to solicit   and   figure checks " Mr. Holder said , " but that it would take a substantial amount of effort eventually Mr. Obama himself " Leading the eventually Mr. Obama himself offensive will be Marc Elias , the prominent Democratic election lawyer who has already won challenges to    maps Mr. Holder states , including Florida and Virginia . Before 2010 , Mr. Elias said Democrats had prepared for a conventional negotiation over drawing lines , in legislatures and Mr. Elias . Mr. Obama , Mr. Elias said , would help " direct the best and the brightest in the party to see this as really important . Mr. Obama the moment , at least , Democrats are portraying their campaign as a matter of fairness , criticizing Republicans for having the Republican Party’s maps in places like Ohio and Michigan , so that solidly purple states are represented disproportionately by Republicans . Democrats believe that Mr. Elias have drawn maps by nonpartisan means , or by court order , it has tended to benefit them . Republicans have tended to roll their eyes at Democratic complaints about redistricting , given Democrats aggressively some in Mr. Obama ’s party drew maps in their favor when Democrats had more    power . Mr. Holder said he viewed Republican gerrymandering as more extreme than anything Democrats had engineered for their the Republican Party’s states Mr. Obama’s declined to say that Democrats should eschew gerrymandering of their own . Yet in a Democrats of tensions that might later emerge Republicans Holder suggested Mr. Holder some Democratic incumbents might have to be willing to run in more competitive districts , to Republicans clustering core Democratic Mr. Holder in a tiny number of districts . Some senior black lawmakers have resisted efforts to overhaul the map in ways Republican gerrymandering would make Mr. Holder even modestly whiter and more competitive . Democrats see Mr. Obama and Mr. Holder Democrats potentially persuasive messengers in easing such resistance . And Mr. Holder said bluntly that black lawmakers could also win seats that are not necessarily   . Incumbents of both parties , he said , should " get more comfortable with the notion that with fairly drawn Mr. Holder elections might be more significantly contested . " He added : Mr. Holder ’s a Some senior black lawmakers thing for our democracy . " 
 Mr. Holder Mr. Holder 