The San Diego    endorsed a Democrat for the first time in The San Diego       history on Friday , suggesting that " Hillary Clinton is the safest candidate for voters to choose in a complex world . " [ The paper ’s editorial board wrote , " The paper’s has not endorsed a Democrat for president in its The paper’s editorial board history . But we endorse Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton ’s the safe choice for the U. S. and for the world , for Democrats and Republicans alike . "   The members of the editorial board also noted that they The members of the editorial board " understand the lack of enthusiasm for [ Hillary Clinton ’s ] candidacy , the anger over Hillary Clinton private email server , family foundation and income fromWall Street speeches , and the questions about how America fared in foreign affairs when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state . " Yet they they fully "understand the lack of enthusiasm for [Hillary Clinton’s] candidacy, the anger over her private email server, family foundation and income fromWall Street speeches, and the questions about how America fared in foreign affairs when she was secretary of state that in spite of it all and Republican Donald " Trump ’s insistence otherwise , she "Trump the better temperament to be president   —    and the experience , background and relationships with world leaders that we need in a president . " Trump "Trump strong personality , including lashing out at critics , and his "Trump that America is being " ripped off by every single country in the world " during last week ’s first presidential debate , were criticized by the board . The paper noted that the    billionaire ’s campaign is an entertaining and convincing " show , " for millions of " Americans upset with the status quo , " but if Trump is elected , he Trump be command the executive branch of a global superpower . Trump Trump govern with no coherent plan other besides " I alone can fix it Trump " the The paper . The last presidential candidate the    endorsed was Republican Mitt Romney in his bid Republican Mitt Romney President Barack Obama during the 2012 election . Citing Romney ’s Republican Mitt Romney Diplomacy . Collaboration . Patience , " the board used the adjectives " vengeful , dishonest and impulsive " to describe Trump , adding " This is why Hillary Clinton is the safest candidate for voters to choose in a complex world . " They also voters " Trump could Trump our Chávez , our Kirchner our We can our take that risk . "    Also this week , the Arizona Republic endorsed Clinton over Hillary Clinton , Trump the first time in the publication ’s    history that it supported    Democrat over a Republican . The paper suggested that Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton are minor when compared to Trump ’s Trump writing : " Clinton retains her Hillary Clinton under Hillary Clinton . She ’s tough Hillary Clinton She does n’t Hillary Clinton down , " adding " Clinton has the Hillary Clinton and experience to be president . Donald Trump does Trump "    Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 