A    pornography website is offering free membership to all 2 , 472 delegates to the Republican National Convention in Cleveland next week . [ The offer , from San    Kink . com , comes in response to an    provision in the emerging Republican Party platform for the 2016 elections .   an   provision in the emerging Republican Party platform for the 2016 elections is not new , but the 2016 version of the clause includes the statement that pornography " has become a public health crisis that is destroying the life of millions . " CNN reports : North Carolina delegate Mary Frances Forrester successfully proposed the amendment in a subcommittee of the platform committee Monday morning . " The internet must not become a safe haven for predators , " the provision states . " Pornography , with its harmful effects , especially on children , has become a public health crisis that is destroying the life the life of millions encourage states to continue to fight this public menace and pledge our commitment to children ’s We and   . We applaud the social networking We that bar sex offenders from participation . We urge energetic prosecution of We pornography which closely linked to human trafficking . " The amendment passed with little debate . The relevant section of the 2012 GOP platform reads : The Internet must be made safe for children . We call on service providers to exercise due care to ensure that the Internet can not become The Internet haven for predators while respecting First Amendment rights . We congratulate the social networking sites We bar known sex offenders from participation . We urge active prosecution against child We , which is closely linked to the horrors of human trafficking . Current laws on all forms of pornography and obscenity need to be vigorously enforced . Kink . com film director Maitresse Madeleine Marlowe wrote an open letter to Republican delegates detailing the offer . The letter reads , in part an open letter read with dismay that the Republican Party platform committee has endorsed a plank declaring " porn a public health crisis " and a " menace . " While it may not fit with your morals , studies have repeatedly shown that access to adult entertainment is positively correlated with decreases in sex crimes , better performance in bed , and more feminist views of women . ( We understand that last one might not be a net positive for you , but we like it . ) Next week We you last one vote to approve or reject that platform , and we want you to have an informed We . That ’s why we ’re offering every credentialled Republican delegate We access to our sites from now until November 8 We Marlowe added a message for # NeverTrump delegates   —    those committed to opposing Trump as the party ’s nominee at all costs   —    inviting them to watch a    pornographic film . Kink . com has been at the forefront of a political fight against the mandatory use of condoms and protective eyewear in adult films made in California . Both political parties have opposed a November referendum that would impose such a mandate on pornography statewide . Los Angeles County voters passed a similar referendum , Measure B , in 2012 , prompting a drastic cutback in local permit applications for adult films , as producers relocated production to other states . 
 