  ( CNN ) Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt , Donald Trump ’s pick to run the Environmental Protection Agency , said in a 2013 speech that he does see an important role for the agency in preserving the environment . Democrats have pledged to fight Pruitt ’s nomination for the EPA because he is a prominent denier of climate science . Pruitt has also fought legal battles with the EPA over regulations about water and power plants . In a 2013 speech at the High Noon Club in Oklahoma , Pruitt said Pruitt believed the the EPA the EPA a role in regulating the environment , but that it must the EPA challenged when it oversteps the EPA role the EPA " May I say this to you and please hear my heart on this , " Pruitt said . " The EPA the EPA fight them tooth and nail     OK you know that , I ’ve shared those things with you .   you are issues with respect to clean water and air that cross state lines . There is a role , and I think it ’s important a role conservatives , for us to recognize , that though I do n’t like the EPA , the EPA do n’t like the authority that they ’re exercising , conservatives I think they are picking winners conservatives losers to try to elevate renewables at the expense of fossil fuels , which I think is wrong as far as their authority is concerned conservatives I think it ’s not good their authority us to say that us EPA does n’t the EPA the EPA . " He continued , " Because that is not   —    we have air issues across us issues that do affect , I mean , just think about it , you have a power plant in Arkansas that ’s burning coal irresponsibly or inconsistent with the statue , and it comes over to Oklahoma the statue Texas . So there is a role for the EPA , it ’s just that they the EPA themselves in ways that are they that role . " " There is a proper role for the federal government , we have to recognize that proper role , and then make sure that they stay within their lane the federal government   just the federal government we stay within our lane we " he we . 
 