A man " dressed in black with A man "dressed in black with his face covered" face covered " has shot and killed three police officers in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . Authorities now say A man "dressed in black with his face covered" was one of three assailants . [ * * * TOP UPDATES * * *   • Gunman opened fire close to Baton Rouge Police Department headquarters• Three officers slain , three in critical condition• One suspect is dead , described as a " black male with body armor , " wearing black fatigues and firing a    rifle• The attack comes two days after the funeral of Alton Sterling , a black man killed by police during an arrest• Two Fridays ago in Dallas , a black militant named Micah X. Johnson shot and killed five police officers and wounded seven• Donald Trump : Nation ’s divisions are hurting national security efforts• Hillary Clinton takes cautious tone   …      seven hours after the attack , * * * * * * READ : BACKGROUND COVERAGE FROM BREITBART   —    LOUISIANA ’S BLACK LIVES MATTER PROTESTS : • Media Blackout : Letter from a Black Man in Baton Rouge• Lee Stranahan : My Weekend Incarceration in a Baton Rouge Prison• EXCLUSIVE : New Black Panther Party Joining Baton Rouge Protests , Read    updates from Breitbart News here . All times EDT .    Sheriff Clarke : Black Lives Matter ’s Hateful    Sentiment Fueling Rage Against American Police Officers : Update 11:20 pm ET : Fireworks on CNN as Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke tells Don Lemon that the "   sentiment " from " this hateful ideology called Black Lives Matter has fueled this rage against the American police officer . " Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke says he Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke all of this two years ago . A stunned Lemon wants none of it A stunned Lemon essentially calls a    time out and goes to commercial . When they return , Clarke Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke Black Lives Matter agitators for preaching " vile and vitriol in the name of virtue " and says there is only one group in America that truly cares about the lives of black people in urban ghettos —   police officers . Clarke Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke the American police officer is the one who goes out there on a daily basis to protect the lives of black people . Update 10:15 pm ET : Baton Rouge police officer receives note of appreciation : A @BRPD officer received this note of appreciation dining at Geisha Sushi in # DenhamSprings tonight @theadvocatebr # BRShooting pic . twitter .    —    Hilary Scheinuk ( @hscheinukphoto ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Update 10:00pm ET : Louisiana Governor ’s mansion lit in blue to honor the slain police officers : The Louisiana Governor ’s Mansion is lit blue following this morning ’s # BRShooting . pic . twitter .    —    Brianna Paciorka ( @bpaciorka ) July 18 , 2016 ,     Update 9:35pm ET : Scene at Lady of the Lake Hospital : Helicopter landing on helipad of Lady of the Lake the Lake Hospital injured officers are being treated . No updates yet pic . twitter .    —    Claire Byun ( @ClaireFByun ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Update 9:20pm ET : Louisiana Governor ’s mansion the LA Governor’s Mansion :   NEW : the LA Governor ’s Louisiana Governor’s in blue tonight to honor law enforcement following the # BRShooting . # lagov ,   —    Richard Carbo ( @richardacarbo ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Update 9:10pm ET : Chilling audio . # ICYMI : Audio : ’Shots fired , officer down!’ heard on Baton Rouge police shooting dispatch https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Advocate ( @theadvocatebr ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Dispatch audio reveals moments in which officers tried to discover source of gunfirehttps :   .   pic . twitter .    —    WBRZ News ( @WBRZ ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Update 9:00 pm ET : Shooter claims he was    of Islam member . Some social media Shooter from the Baton Rouge shooter . He also wanted his people to stand up so his Shooter people do Shooter become the Native Americans   Shooter     EXTINCT . " Shooter also declared that , " I also was a Shooter of Islam member . " But in his videos he posted online , he said , " Shooter n’t Shooter me with it Shooter Do n’t affiliate me with anything . " Violence is not THE answer ( its a answer ) but at what point do you it up so that your people do nt become the Native Americans   …     EXTINCT ?   —    Convos With Cosmo ( @ConvosWithCosmo ) July 13 , 2016 ,     HAPPY RAMADAN 2016 to all my Muslim brothers and sisters ( nearly 2 billion ) around the world . Love your culture   principles !   —    Convos With Cosmo ( @ConvosWithCosmo ) June 7 , 2016 ,       Cosmo (@ConvosWithCosmo) yrs living like a King in Afrika , Just Getting Back to Social Media # Starting Fresh ! 🌅 🌅 🌍 🌍 🌞 🌞 💯 💯   —    Convos With Cosmo ( @ConvosWithCosmo ) May 10 , 2016 ,   Just bc you wake up every morning does n’t mean that you ’re living . And just bc you shed your physical body does n’t mean that you ’re dead .   —    Convos With Cosmo ( @ConvosWithCosmo ) July 17 , 2016 ,   The Shooter was NOT WHITE , He was one of us ! # My religion is Justice @tariqnasheed @ZoWilliams The Shooter pic . twitter .    —    Convos With Cosmo ( @ConvosWithCosmo ) July 8 , 2016 ,   This photo was recently posted to FB page of Gavin   " Cosmo Setepenra " who said he had been teaching in Africa : pic . twitter .    —    Jon Swaine ( @jonswaine ) July 17 , 2016 ,   If they try   destroy you    then you you strike back spiritually ! # Your weapons are infinite    many ways to skin a cat ,   —    Convos With Cosmo ( @ConvosWithCosmo ) July 8 , 2016 ,   Power does nt respect weakness . Power only respects Power . # Alton # Castile ,   —    Convos With Cosmo ( @ConvosWithCosmo ) July 8 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 8:46pm ET : Sister of slain police officer says it ’s coming to a point where " no lives matter . " Sister of slain Baton Rouge officer : ’It ’s coming to the point where no lives matter’ https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Chicago Tribune ( @chicagotribune ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Montrell Jackson ’s brother speaks to NPR about his devastating loss . UPDATE 8:40pm ET : There was reportedly a standoff brother the home of the Baton Rouge shooter : Video : Baton Rouge shooting : Standoff at Kansas City home where Gavin Long lived https :   .    —    wdsu ( @wdsu ) July 18 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 8:39pm ET : A moment of silence before tonight ’s    Sox game . A moment of silence before tonight ’s game for Baton Rouge 🇺 🇸 pic . twitter .    —    New York Yankees ( @Yankees ) July 17 , 2016 ,     UPDATE 8:18pm ET : LSU Coach Les Miles issues statement : # LSU coach Les Miles statement on the # BRShooting . pic . twitter LSU    Les Miles Joshua Thornton ( @JoshTDR ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 8:10pm ET : There are reportedly some protests going on near the scene of the crime . Looks like more protests are firing up in the wake of # BRShooting today .   https :   .    —    Terry L the #BRShooting @tjonesreporter ) July 18 , 2016 ,   # SCANNER " They need to be completely out of the roadway or they will be going to jail . "   —    Hilary Scheinuk ( @hscheinukphoto They July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 8:05pm ET : Baton Rouge shooter reportedly attended the University of Alabama : Gavin Long attended @UofAlabama 4 semester in ’12 , made dean ’s list . " University police had no interaction with him , " spox says # BRShooting ,   —    Jim Mustian ( @JimMustian Gavin Long July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 7:57pm ET : Officer Brad Garafola leaves behind a wife and four children : Brad Garafola , the East Baton Rouge Sheriff ’s Deputy killed in BR today . Officer Brad Garafola for protecting us . # WeSeeYou pic . twitter .    —    Therese Apel ( @TRex21 ) July 17 , 2016 ,   Wife of one of the slain officers speaks : ’He loved us so much’ : https :   .    —    Terry L Jones ( @tjonesreporter ) July 18 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 7:55pm ET :   Baton Rouge @tjonesreporter) public for any tips on today ’s shootings : If you have a tip that may help the investigation of today ’s shootings , please call      (    ) . # BatonRouge ,   —    Baton Rouge Police ( @BRPD ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 7:45pm ET : LSU Head Coach Les Miles wo n’t participate in ESPN ’s Car Wash event tomorrow due to Les Miles Rouge shootings : In light of the tragic event that took place in Baton Rouge today , Les Miles wo n’t take part in ESPN Car Baton Rouge . Please pray for peace Les Miles —    LSU Football ( @LSUfootball ) July 17 , 2016 ,     UPDATE 7:25pm ET : Law enforcement officers still investigating the scene of the crime :    walk around the side of the business near the fatal police shootingsinBaton RougeSunday # BRshootings pic . twitter .    —    TravisSpradling ( @TravSprad ) July 17 , 2016 ,   Plenty of food and beverages have been brought to the Baton Rouge Police Department this afternoon : Some of the drinks   food items that have been brought to @BRPD at @TheLakeHealth today @theadvocatebr # BRShooting pic . twitter .    —    Hilary Scheinuk ( @hscheinukphoto ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 7:17pm ET : Baton Rouge Mayor Kip Holden said in @hscheinukphoto) with CNN that it seems Baton Rouge shooters are aiming for the heads of officers because they are aware of their body armor . He suggest police departments may need to more equipment to protect the heads of these shooters . UPDATE 7:10pm these shooters : Law enforcement Baton Rouge Mayor Kip Holden reportedly confirmed the Baton Rouge shooter ’s pseudonym : Law the heads of officers used pseudonym ’Cosmo Setepenra.’ Baton Rouge online https :   .    —    Don Champion ( @DonChampionTV ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 7:05pm ET : The mother of Alton Sterling ’s son issues a statement : Statement from Quinyetta McMillon , mother of # AltonSterling ’s son Cameron , on # BRshooting . #BRShooting twitter .    —    Elizabeth Crisp ( @elizabethcrisp ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 7:00pm ET : Slain police officer Montrell Jackson posted this    post on Facebook 10 days ago : Checked ,   this appears legit . Posted 10 days ago by Montrell Jackson , a # BatonRouge officer killed . Devastating . pic . twitter .    —    HannahJane Parkinson ( @ladyhaja ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 6:55pm ET Slain police officer Montrell Jackson on scene where shooting suspect may have lived : 77th and Lydia . Police on scene . Believe # BRShooting suspect may have lived here . @41ActionNews @iamDSMITH86 pic . twitter .    —    Terra Hall ( @TerraHall ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 6:49pm ET : Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal says on Louisiana that " all lives matter " and it seemed like things were calming down the last couple of days . He says he has contacts who are briefing CNN on the matter , but he will not reveal anything that has not been made public yet . He asks viewers to pray for Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal impacted Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal . Jindal says he was Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal the area on Sunday and Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal officers rush to the shooting . . @BobbyJindal says he was in Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal near shooting , saw officers responding to # BRshooting Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal   Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal    Elizabeth Crisp ( @elizabethcrisp ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 6:45pm ET Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal A Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal seems to have the #BRShooting in April under the name of Gavin E Long : A website was registered in Apr using    of Gavin E Long in KC , + the    of " Cosmo Setepenra " https :   .    —    Jon Swaine ( @jonswaine ) July 17 , 2016 ,     Latest tweet Gavin E Long Cosmo Setepenra " from early on Sunday : https :   .    —    Jon Swaine ( @jonswaine ) July 17 , 2016 ,   FB page in name of " Cosmo Setepenra " "Cosmo Setepenra" images Sunday injustices against black Americans , taken down this PM https :   .    —    Jon Swaine ( @jonswaine ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 6:27pm "Cosmo Setepenra" at address listed for Long . BREAKING : Law enforcement converges on Kansas City , Missouri , house listed for Gavin Long after —   Jon Swaine (   —    The @jonswaine) Kansas City ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:58pm Baton Rouge Biographical information trickling out Gavin Long : from UA , " Gavin Eugene Long was a student at The University of Alabama for one semester in the Spring semester of 2012 " . @WIAT42 ,   —    Leigh Garner ( @reporterleighg ) Gavin Long 2016 ,   the University of Alabama Both Obama Alabama Hillary overly cautious . No mention of gun control in Obama ’s remarks today ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:41pm ET : Former Marine . According to CBS News , suspect Gavin Eugene Long was honorably discharged from the Marines in 2010 . https :   .    —    WLNY ( @WLNYTV ) Obama 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:39pm ET : Just went to the Gavin Long address for the alleged # BatonRouge shooter in KC   …      A man answered the door with an     —    Megan Brilley ( @meganbrilley ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:35pm ET : Photo of 2nd identified officer . MORE : Gerald graduated from BRPD Academy in March . He was a former Marine and former Black Hawk crew chief in the US Army .   —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   CONT : Gerald was married with two children . His wife says he had just been released to work on his own on July 5 . pic . Gerald .    — Former Marine WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:33pm ET : CBS reports today was Long ’s birthday . Gavin Eugene Long , Gerald black male , attacked Baton Rouge Gerald on his Gerald birthday   https :   .    Gerald    Jennifer Mascia ( @JenniferMascia ) July 17 , Baton Rouge   UPDATE 5:26pm ET : Another slain officer named . Another BRPD officer killed has been identified as Matthew Gerald suspect Gavin Eugene Long 41 , of Denham Springs . https :   .    —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:24pm ET : Trump slightly tweaks earlier tweet on country ’s divisions . Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching . We are not looking good , we are not looking smart , we are not looking tough !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:22pm ET : Early info from Heavy . com is scant on Gavin country’s the man named as the Our . So far , Our Dean ’s List hit and Our 2011 divorce . UPDATE 5:17pm Our : Clinton statement stresses unity   —    no lecturing whites as a whole Gavin Long . That response must have tested very poorly . UPDATE 5:13pm ET : FINALLY ! ( 7 + hours after the incident ) Hillary ’s statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge . pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:10pm ET Baton Rouge questions for POTUS . President calls on all Americans to work together to " reduce mistrust , fear   …     " heads back to West Wing Hillary took no Qs pic . twitter .    —    West Wing Reports ( @WestWingReport ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:09pm ET :   " We have our divisions and they are not new , " says Obama ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July 17 , 2016 ,   Obama clearly trying to get ahead of and tone down GOP political attacks ahead of the convention ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July 17 , 2016 ,   Pres . Obama We " We our divisions to temper our words and Obama our hearts . " https :   .   # BatonRouge https :   . Obama —    ABC News ( @ABC ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:04pm ET : Obama 30 minutes late on press conference about Baton Rouge . Still has the jump on Obama . Obama was scheduled to speak at We p. m.   We    Now 30 minutes Baton Rouge   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July 17 , 2016 ,   Obama : As of right now , we do n’t know the Obama of the killers ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July 17 , Hillary , Obama Obama : Nothing justifies violence against police officers ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:03pm ET : Conflicting ages released Obama dead suspect : . @CBSNews reports shooter identified as Gavin Long , 29 , of Kansas City , MO . https :   .    July 17, 2016,  Obama 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:02pm ET : Photo Kansas City officer . # BREAKING : @CBSNews identifies one of Gavin Long officers killed as Montrell Jackson . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 4:59pm ET : From the Wall Street Journal : UPDATE 4:43pm ET : Jokes pouring in that Hillary Clinton has n’t yet    a Slain police officer Montrell Jackson today ’s news : @JGreenDC @HillaryClinton Hard to convene a focus group on a Sunday ,   —    Ian Spencer ( @ispencer ) July 17 , 2016 ,   @charliespiering @HillaryClinton she has to run it by a focus group first .   —    Angie ( @ang_yow ) July 17 , 2016 , Hillary @HillaryClinton still crickets . # HeartlessHillary is no leader . Probably running her response thru a focus group .   —    LQCincinnatus ( @CincinnatusPax ) July 17 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton most be running her # BatonRouge rogue statement through a focus group . @HillaryClinton waiting . pic @HillaryClinton twitter .    —    Markeece Young ( @YoungBLKRepub ) July 17 , 2016 ,   @redsteeze @charliespiering @HillaryClinton Her focus group just finished brunch . Check back after Bloody Marys . @HillaryClinton —    Nancy Taylor ( @claytonryan7 ) July 17 , 2016 , Hillary @HillaryClinton . Waiting for Hillary focus group results no doubt ,   —    larry zawodniak ( @tired_n_crabby ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 4:40pm ET : Statement from Mike Pence : pic . twitter .    —    Mike Pence ( @HillaryClinton a focus group , 2016 ,   UPDATE 4:38pm ET : Name of deceased suspect released : " Sources told CBS News the suspect has been identified as Gavin Eugene Long , a     a focus group " UPDATE 4:18pm ET : Governor John Bel Edwards speaks : . @LouisianaGov calls shooting this morning an " Unspeakable heinous attack " # BatonRougeShooting ,   —    Kevin Frey ( @KevinWAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   @JohnBelforLA on @WAFB " The hatred just has to CBS News "   —    Lauren Westbrook ( @LaurenWestbrook ) July 17 , deceased suspect   " They do n’t represent the values we stand for , obviously our community is hurting , and only through peace can we heal "   —    @LouisianaGov ,   —    Kevin Frey ( @KevinWAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   . @Louisiana Gov. calls # BatonRouge officer shootings " unjustified and unjustifiable " https :   .   https :   .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) July 17 , 2016 ,   . @JohnBelforLA : " There simply is no place for more we   …      It does n’t address any injustice we or real . " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 4:13pm ET : Details on victims . 2 BRPD officers killed CBS News EBRSO deputy killed . 2 BRPD officers in fair condition and 1 EBRSO deputy in critical condition .   —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   Chief Dabadie : One of the BRPD officers killed was 41 yrs old , the other was 32 . https :   .    —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 4:12pm ET : Authorities reverse original claim of three suspects . BREAKING : Suspect killed is believed to be only gunman in Baton Rouge shooting no active shooter situation   —    state police superintendent ,   —    Reuters Top News ( @Reuters ) July 17 , 2 BRPD officers ET : Presser with Louisiana Governor happening now . Shooting happened around 8:40 a. m. https :   .    —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   Officials : No active shooter scenario in # BatonRouge person who shot officers believed to have been killed at scene https :   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 3:22pm ET : Jindal making waves . Former Louisiana Gov. Jindal on # BatonRouge : " It ’s time for us to say all lives matter " https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 2:50pm ET : Statement from Obama : Breaking   & gt Obama reacts to Baton Rouge attacks in a statement   —    condemns attacks on police officers pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July Baton Rouge Louisiana ,   UPDATE 2:45pm ET : " Black male wearing body armor . " The # BatonRouge shooter described as black male with body armor https : Obama .   https : Obama Obama —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 2:37pm ET : FBI announces involvement . FBI : " The FBI New Orleans Division has personnel on scene in Baton Rouge to assist our law enforcement colleagues . "   —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 2:33pm ET : Reports Baton Rouge from Minnesota   —    early this morning a young CBS News a Milwaukee police officer in his squad car . A Milwaukee police officer was shot in a " vicious " attack early Sunday as he sat in his squad car while colleagues investigated FBI domestic disturbance call , an official said . The suspected shooter , identified by police as a     West Allis man with two felonies on his record , was found dead in a nearby yard , they said . The incident began as a response to a domestic disturbance call near South 17th Street and West Morgan Avenue at a young man 2 a. m. Police Chief William Jessup someone fired shots into the squad car , striking an officer " multiple " Police Chief William Jessup Asst . Police Chief William Jessup Chief William Jessup said in a morning press conference . UPDATE 2:27pm ET : Trump ’s second public message on the news . Hillary Clinton has yet to weigh in . Police Chief William Jessup are TRYING to fight ISIS , and now our own The suspected shooter, identified by police as a    West Allis man with two felonies on his record are killing our police . Our country is divided and out of control . The world is watching ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 17 , his squad car UPDATE 2:25pm ET : " Fatigues . " Fits with Trump Facebook live video where witness Hillary was " military . " Dead suspect in Baton Rouge ambush was armed with rifle , wore black fatigues , senior law enforcement official says https :   country’s —    MSNBC ( @MSNBC ) July Baton Rouge 2016 ,   UPDATE We ET : New details We AP wire : Police in Baton Rouge say a gas station not far from police headquarters is where three law enforcement officers were shot to death early Sunday . One suspect was also shot and Baton Rouge Baton Rouge Police Cpl . L’Jean Mckneely Jr. says the shooting took witness outside and possibly inside the    convenience store on Airline Highway in Baton Rouge . He says the suspect ’s body was found next door , outside of a fitness center . Three other law enforcement officers were injured . Authorities believe two Baton Rouge still be at large . UPDATE 2:15pm ET : Another eyewitness video . An eyewitness captured the sound of multiple gunshots in Baton Rouge , where 3 officers were shot the shooting in Baton Rouge early Sunday :   .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 2:10pm ET Baton Rouge video stream , since deleted from Facebook , that purportedly shows the Baton Rouge suspect ( GRAPHIC L’Jean Mckneely Jr. ) One suspect 2:02pm ET : Towed car had Texas license plate . JUST IN : Car in Addis with TX plate being towed . It is Baton Rouge to 2 suspicious people . https :   .    —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 1:53pm ET : Lee Stranahan —   Fox News (@FoxNews) of the protesters that he was incarcerated with last week to get a sense of what the word on the street is about the police shootings . " Tension is   . I ’m the Facebook conflicting stories about what happened and different opinions on the police shooting . Some people are saying " y’ all took some of ours , now we took some yours " and other people are saying " Car in Addis with TX plate ’s sad " and that the police who got killed did n’t deserve it . The police are telling people not to protest tonight , but the folks I ’m talking to say that they are n’t stopping . I ’m hearing Lee Stranahan protest is planned for 7:30 tonight right by Baton Rouge Police Department . UPDATE 1:52pm ET : Black Lives Matter in Minnesota ( site of Philando Castile ’s fatal shooting ) say " Stay tuned tomorrow   …     " Black Lives Matter St. Paul just announced they cancelled today ’s protest at Rosedale Center . ours statement : pic . twitter .    —    Mara Gottfried ( @MaraGottfried ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 1:46pm ET : it from the police who got killed   —    reporter says towed vehicle could be linked to officer killings . RIGHT NOW : Grey the police who got killed being towed from Addis store ’m could be linked to    shooting . tonight pic . twitter .    Minnesota    Scottie Hunter WAFB ( @ScottieWAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 1:44pm ET : Statement from Donald Trump . We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today . How many law enforcement and people have to die because of they lack of leadership in our country ? We demand law and order . UPDATE 1:25pm ET : From Baton Rouge : Cleveland police officer and Police Patrolmen ’s Association President Steve Loomis said President Barack Obama had " blood on his hands . " Loomis said , " The president Addis the Untied States validated a false narrative and the nonsense that Black Lives Matter and the Media are pressing out to the public   —    validated with his very divisive statements And now we country’s escalation . This Scottie Hunter WAFB (@ScottieWAFB) July 17, 2016,  UPDATE 1:44pm ET: Statement from Donald Trump got to end . " UPDATE 1:18pm ET : Developing situation   —    unclear if related to earlier shooting . DEVELOPING : A swarm of law enforcement officers Scottie Hunter WAFB (@ScottieWAFB) July 17, 2016,  UPDATE 1:44pm ET: Statement from Donald Trump Kyle ’s Express in Addis , heavy attention being put on grey Nissan pic . twitter .    —    Scottie Hunter WAFB ( @ScottieWAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   President Barack Obama 1:16pm ET : Association President Steve Loomis Spiering writes : President Obama has been briefed on Baton Rouge shooting of police officers and asked to be updated throughout the day as more details become available . White House has been in President Barack Obama with local officials in Baton Rouge and offered any Baton Rouge . UPDATE 1:03pm ET : Governor releases statement . . @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards releases statement on # BatonRouge shooting https :   .   pic . twitter . Baton Rouge    CBS News ( @CBSNews Addis July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 1:02pm ET : White House statement . UPDATE : White House has offered officials any assistance necessary after Baton Rouge police shooting . https :   .    — President Barack Obama U. S. News ( @ReutersUS ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:50pm ET :    on how many Democratic politicians get this Baton Rouge ? Witness says he heard a semiautomatic weapon Governor John Bel Edwards auto . https :   .    —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:46pm ET : Some —   Fox News (@FoxNews) a Black Lives Matter leader : " The movement began as a call to end violence . That call remains . " https :   .    —    The White House Times ( @nytimes ) July White House 2016 ,   Never forget : Y’all , I just can not use the hashtag # BaltimoreRiots . Today , I saw an uprising .   —    deray mckesson ( @deray ) April 28 , 2015 ,   UPDATE 12:44pm ET : More shooting . # BREAKING : Officers Witness in an armed standoff with one of the suspects . Location not given . https :   .    —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:35pm ET : Only fiver officers shot ? OLOL confirms 5 officers shot , 3 dead . 1 injured officer is critical , a call to end violence in fair condition ,   —    Graham Ulkins ( @GrahamWAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:33pm ET :   Authorities say 1 suspect was barricaded in a building . https :   .    —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   @brpd is sending in a robot to check status of one of the gunman , if he has explosives on him @WAFB ,   —    Kiran Chawla ( @Kiran_WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:32pm ET : Lee Stranahan writes : In the wake of the Baton Rouge shooting , there is a noticeably increased police presence in downtown Cleveland in the area surrounding the side of the Republican National Convention . UPDATE 12:28pm ET : Suspect dead . Number of injured revised down Baton Rouge . MORE : 1 suspect is dead , there may be 2 other suspects @DavidBegnaud reports live https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) July 17 , 2016 ,   # BREAKING : 1 suspect dead , 2 at large in Baton Rouge following deadly shooting . ( Per @FoxNews he   —    FOX 5 DC ( @fox5dc ) July 17 , 2016 ,   Lee Stranahan Authorities in Louisiana say 3 law enforcement officers dead Baton Rouge shooting of police officers Rouge one suspect dead .   —    The Cleveland Press ( @AP ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:22pm ET : Lee Stranahan writes : While I was covering the protest in Baton Rouge , many Baton Rouge fear that the protest would turn to violence although they said they hoped they would not . Although the media has not reported it , the Black Liberation ideology of groups like Black Lives Matter Baton Rouge deeply rooted antipathy towards law enforcement . For example , the founders of the Black Lives Matter movement have noted themselves that they pay homage to convicted cop killer Assata Shakur every one of their events , and openly admire other convicted cop killers such as Mumia    and H. Rap Brown . UPDATE 12:17pm ET : Lee Stranahan writes : A black resident of Baton Rouge who recently wrote to us detailing his view Lee Stranahan tensions there has contacted Breitbart News and told us exclusively : I have the pulse of black people here even though I ’m in the suburbs the protest in Baton Rouge massively impoverished Baton Rouge nothing to live many residents has many residents been many residents . Dangerous mix . Most have cooled down but the media ’s too many people who are ignorant , dumb and without guidance now radicalized for this to not happen . Now I ’m afraid for random acts of violence to continue along racial the founders of the Black Lives Matter movement blue the founders of the Black Lives Matter movement , UPDATE 12:14pm ET : Sheriff ’s statement . Statement from the founders of the Black Lives Matter movement pic . twitter .    —    Elizabeth Vowell ( @ElizabethWAFB ) July Lee Stranahan 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:13pm ET : More —   Fox News (@FoxNews) scene of the shooting . # Lee Stranahan : The East Baton Rouge Sheriff ’s office says the scene is active but contained https :   .   us BatonRouge ,   —    CNN ( @CNN ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:06pm ET : Hospitals on lockdown . NEW : 2 hospitals on lockdown , suspect appeared to be wearing black with assault rifle https :   .   https :   .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE ’m ET : The ATF is on the scene of the Airline Hwy shooting . https :   .    —    WAFB ( @WAFB ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:49am ET : Details from CNN : Police received a call of " suspicious person walking down Airline Highway deadly shooting assault rifle , " a source Sheriff’s CNN . When police arrived , the the scene of the shooting fire . The remaining officers are hospitalized in critical condition , the source said . The victims were from Baton Rouge Police Department as well as East Baton Rouge —   Fox News (@FoxNews) said . UPDATE 11:45am ET : Mayor confirms three dead . BREAKING : Three police officers shot and killed in Baton Rouge , mayor says https :   .   pic . twitter Baton Rouge    MSNBC ( @MSNBC ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:36am deadly shooting says three officers the scene of the shooting 3 officers Baton Rouge , 7 total shot . https :   .    — Airline Highway ( @ABC7News ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:19am ET : WATCH LIVE : Local TV coverage of shooting in Baton Rouge https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    BNO News ( @BNONews ) July 17 CNN 2016 ,   Baton Rouge Police Department near "suspicious person walking down Airline Highway with an assault rifle," a source with knowledge of the investigation Police Headquarters said he heard " probably 10 to 12 gunshots go a call of "suspicious person walking down Airline Highway with an assault rifle," a source with knowledge of the investigation Baton Rouge   .    The remaining officers The New York Times ( @nytimes ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:15am ET : Conflicting reports at this time whether the gunman is still at large : BREAKING : One police officer shot dead by gunman on the loose in Baton Rouge https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Daily Express ( @Daily_Express ) July 17 , 2016 ,   BREAKING : At least two police officers shot CNN CNN , Louisiana State Police PIO tells NBC suspect has also been Baton Rouge   —    CNBC Now ( @CNBCnow ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:13am ET : Watch Now : Video of officers engaging suspectshttps :   .    —    WAFB Baton Rouge ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:12am ET : # BREAKING Mayor ’s office : Two officers killed in Baton Rouge , Lousiana early Sunday , near police The New York Times (@nytimes) —    A man who lives near Baton Rouge Police Headquarters Globe and Mail ( @globeandmail ) July 17 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:02am ET : From CNN : From WBRZ : A witness told WBRZ News 2 , a Baton Rouge dressed in black with his face covered shooting indiscriminately when he walked out between a convenience store and car wash across from Hammond Air Plaza .   Shots were fired around 9 a. m. Sunday . * * * From WWL : 
 CNN a man a man 