Jennifer Lawrence has never met Donald Trump , but Jennifer Lawrence did reveal what she Jennifer Lawrence to say to him Donald Trump they ever do meet . [ The       actress joined fellow actors Johnny Depp and James McAvoy on the Graham Norton Show Friday night , where she Jennifer Lawrence that she Jennifer Lawrence attended a concert at which the Republican presidential frontrunner was also present .   " I was at a concert that I heard he Donald Trump attending , so I had my full security , I was like , ‘ Find Donald Trump,’ " Lawrence told Norton . " Because I was adamant on finding him Donald Trump then making a video of me going , ‘ Hey Trump , f*ck you ! ’ " " I would n’t rest until he Donald Trump found , " the actress continued over the audience ’s enthusiastic applause . " He Donald Trump I was looking for him Donald Trump " Meanwhile , Depp told Norton Norton his Depp playing Trump in    comedy website Funny or Die ’s Art of the Deal movie in February , and even offered up some     impressions of the GOP candidate . " Adam McKay , who I admire greatly and is one of the funniest humans alive   —    we had a meeting and we we sitting there talking and he Adam McKay, who I admire greatly and is one of the funniest humans alive  —    , ‘ How would you like to do a feature film in four days ? ’ " Depp recalled . " I said , ‘ I like that idea.’ And then he Adam McKay, who I admire greatly and is one of the funniest humans alive  —    , ‘ How would you like to play Donald Trump?’ And I loved that idea . I did n’t care if I knew if I was capable or not . I wanted to try . So I did my bit as Donald Trump . " " You do n’t want to be Donald Donald Trump " Depp Depp .   Both Lawrence and Depp Depp predicted apocalyptic disaster if the Republican presidential hopeful were to win in November . During a red carpet appearance at the premiere of his latest film Alice Through the Looking Glass earlier this week , Depp Depp that a President Trump would be America ’s " last president . " " If Donald Trump a President Trump president of the United States of America , in America kind of historical way it ’s exciting , " Depp Depp , " because we will see the actual last president of the United States . " Meanwhile , Lawrence has warned of the dangers of a Trump presidency since a President Trump far back as October of last year . " If Donald Trump becomes a President Trump that will be the end of the world , " the Hunger Games star said at a promotional press junket , adding : " I genuinely believe that reality television has reached the ultimate place where now things like this might be just for entertainment   …     It ’s either that this it ’s Hillary ’s this idea . " Watch Depp and Lawrence ’s appearance on the Graham Norton Show above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 