’   ’ ’    Top Republicans said Tuesday that Top Republicans is likely Congress will    launch a probe into former National Security Adviser Michael    Flynn over his communications with Russia . ’ ’    Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell   it’ ’s " highly likely " the    Senate intelligence committee will investigate the retired army    lieutenant general in the aftermath of the retired army   lieutenant general Monday resignation . ’ ’    " I think the fundamental question for us is what is us    involvement in it , and who ought to look at it , " the Kentucky    Republican said . " And the   Senate intelligence committee is already    looking at Russian involvement in our election . " ’ ’    Speaking to reporters , the    Republican senator was    blunt    his assessment the   Republican senator whether the Senate should investigate    Flynn . ’ ’    " Yes , " said Sen. John Cornyn of Texas . ’ ’    He did Sen. John Cornyn of Texas say , however , whether Flynn should Flynn before the    the Senate ’    " I think it’ ’s symbolic of somebody with a distinguished military    career making a bad mistake , "   said . ’ ’    Flynn resigned Monday after Flynn three weeks on the    job .   ’ ’    Moreover , it was reported   Tuesday that the FBI    interviewed Flynn during his first Flynn in the White House . ’ ’    Sen. Roy Blunt , a Missouri Republican who is a member of the    Senate Intelligence Committee , told a local St. Louis radio    station that an investigation into Flynn " needs " Flynn happen , and    lawmakers need to speak with Flynn " very soon Flynn " ’ ’    " I think everybody needs that investigation to happen , " he said .    " And the    Intelligence Committee , again that I serve on ,    has been given    principle responsibility to look into this ,    and I think    we should look into it exhaustively so that       the end of    process , nobody wonders whether there was a stone    left unturned , and shouldn’’t reach conclusions before you have    the information that you need to have to make those conclusions . " ’ ’    " What did he know ? "   continued . " What did he    do ? he is there any reason to believe that anybody knew that and    didn’’t take the kind of action they should have taken . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Speaking to CNN Tuesday , Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina     for an investigation into    Flynn’ ’s correspondence with the Russian diplomat , saying he    believes Congress Flynn’ needs to be informed " of what was actually    said in the    . ’ ’    " And I want to know , " Graham said , " did Gen. Flynn do this by    himself or was he Gen. Flynn by somebody Gen. Flynn do it ? "   ’ ’    Sen. Bob Corker , the Tennessee Republican who chairs the Foreign    Relations Committee , spoke on multiple occasions Tuesday about    the potential investigation , telling reporters " " for Flynn    to testify before a Senate committee . ’ ’ said the Flynn resignation is " Flynn    of the Senate’ ’s    wish to answer all of the questions circulating around    Russia’ ’s influence    which have dogged Trump    since he pulled off his improbable November victory he    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . ’ ’    However , while it is illegal for unauthorized citizens of the US    to negotiate with foreign governments , White House press    secretary Sean Spicer   that no laws were broken . Spicer said the White secretary Sean Spicer   House reviewed Flynn’ ’s situation , and the national security    adviser only resigned because his trust had " the national security   adviser " with    the president . ’ "      Spicer ’s comments jibed secretary Sean Spicer   prominent House      Republicans who were not vocal in their requests to see      Flynn investigated before its chamber of Congress     Flynn    " ’      Rep. Devin Nunes , a California Republican who chairs the House      Intelligence Committee , instead focused on the stream of leaks      from government officials to outlets such as The Post and      The Times ,   his committee will investigate the House     Intelligence Committee ’ ’      It echoed a   in which the      president said the " real story " was the " many illegal      leaks . "    ’ ’      Rep. Jason Chaffetz , the Utah Republican who chairs the House      Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , did not      demand an investigation into Flynn from his committee ,       " Flynn ’s taking care of      itself . "     ’ it’      In a statement , Republican operative Kurt Bardella , who was      formerly a senior adviser and spokesperson for the House      Oversight Committee , said that if the first month of President      Barack Obama’ ’s administration had been anything like the first      month of Trump’ ’s , the committee would’’ve been launching      investigations " at a record pace . "    ’ ’      " When the tragedy of Benghazi unfolded and Susan Rice went on      national television and misled the American people about what      inspired the attack , Jason Chaffetz was rushing to every news      camera he could find to call Jason Chaffetz investigation , " said Bardella ,      who worked for Chaffetz’ ’s predecessor , Rep. Darrell Issa of      California .    ’ ’      He added : " The Jason Chaffetz of     and legitimate      security questions that exist but have gone unanswered in the      Trump Administration are more than enough grounds for numerous      investigations and hearings . .. just as we did during the Obama      Administration . the     Trump Administration Republicans said Tuesday that it is likely . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 