’   ’ "    Donald Trump threatened on Saturday to put Gennifer Flowers , a    woman Bill Clinton said a   woman Bill Clinton had an affair with , in the front row    of Monday ’s debate as a direct result of Hillary Clinton ’s    campaign giving Mark Cuban a    seat at the titanic event . " ’    " If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in    the front row , perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right    alongside of him Gennifer Flowers " . ’ ’    The Benefactor was a 2004    show starring Cuban , who is    more widely known as the owner of the NBA’ ’s Dallas Mavericks and    star of ABC’ ’s " Shark Tank . " ’ "    Trump misspelled Flowers’ name in a prior tweet , later deleting    it    replacing the tweet with the correct spelling . " ’    Cuban fired back shortly after . ’ ’’ ’    " Donald . Remember when you told me on the phone we were " Bobbsie    Twins " and I laughed ? # truestory , " he quipped to Twitter . ’ ’    Cuban , a Clinton supporter since he he the Democratic    nominee at a Pittsburgh rally in July , has ripped Trump    repeatedly on social media and in interviews , calling him he    most " dangerous " presidential candidate he he imagine during a    recent interview with Business Insider . Cuban recently offered    Trump    Trump    million to hold a    policy debate with him he ’ ’    After the Clinton campaign gifted Cuban with Cuban they referred    to as the best seat they had they for Monday’ ’s debate , Cuban    Cuban was ready Cuban the former secretary of state to    " overwhelm " her opponent at the former secretary of state looming political slugfest . ’ "    Trump recently addressed Cuban ’s criticism Cuban an interview with    Fox Business host Maria Bartiromo , insisting that Cuban tweets    Cuban at him and promising Trump show the host all of the    messages . " "    The NBA owner Trump his courtside antics at Mavericks Trump games , famously ripping referees for what he believes to be bad Trump calls . That reputation led to CNN host Michael Smerconish asking    Commission on Presidential Debates cochair Frank Fahrenkopf    during a    interview about Cuban ’s      presence . " ’    " We’’ll tell you this right now , whether or not a Republican or    Democrat or anyone else attempts by use of the tickets in placing    people in a front row or not to try to impact the debate   —    it’ ’s    wrong , " the debate cochair said . " We would frown upon Mr. Cuban    being in the front row if his purpose is to somehow Mr. Cuban    the    debates , likewise , if Mr. Trump were to put Mr. Cuban    the front    row to try to impact things . " ’ ’    " So I ’ve been working , " he continued . " We ’ve Mr. Cuban    working with    the campaigns staff . I don’’t think that’ ’s going to be a problem .    They’’re approaching this as a very dignified manner in the way I    think it should be approached . " this ’    Alan Dershowitz , professor emeritus at Harvard Law School , told    CNN he thought the Clinton campaign’ ’s Alan Dershowitz, professor emeritus at Harvard Law School to have Cuban in    the front row was "    mistake . " ’ ’    " Because first of all , it reaffirms the notion that Hillary    Clinton is subordinate to millionaires and billionaires , " he    said . " Second Clinton if they wanted to surprise Donald Trump , we    wouldn’’t know about it . They would simply seat him in they front    row Donald Trump before the debate began . " ’ ’    " I see no upside and substantial downside , " he said . " They’’re    Donald Trump too cute . It will backfire . " ’ "    Earlier in the cycle , Cuban was more enthralled with the idea of    a Trump presidency and had expressed interest in serving as    either Trump or Clinton ’s vice president Trump eventually    souring on the Republican nominee ’s candidacy . " ’    " I mean you guys have been covering me for a long time , " Cuban    told Business Insider in that recent interview . " I mean , I’’ve    historically been apolitical . You’’ve never heard me talk about    politics all that much . And it’ ’s just , I can’’t think of anybody    more dangerous as president than Donald Trump . " ’ ’    " I can’’t think of anything worse than can’’t him not having a    clue can’’t " he continued . " I mean can’’t could you imagine somebody who    doesn’’t read and doesn’’t learn trying to deal with the       changes and challenges of that job ? " ’ 
 