  ( CNN ) Jerry Falwell , Jr ,   the president of Liberty University , the largest Christian University in the world , is standing up for    Donald Trump ’s choice for secretary of state after a major evangelical leader criticized the pick . Tony Perkins , the president of the Family Research Council ,   doubled down Thursday on Tony Perkins criticism of Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson , writing , " Tony Perkins must have the courage to stop the promotion of this      agenda , which is very much a question mark given that Tony Perkins capitulated to activists pushing to liberalize the Boy Scouts’ policy on homosexuality when Tony Perkins was at the helm of the organization . " In an interview on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett Outfront , " Falwell said " Tony Perkins ’s a good friend , but I disagree with Tony Perkins on this issue , adding that " I just do n’t see what Tony Perkins views on social issues have to do with being secretary of state . " Tony Perkins said that Tillerson would focus on diplomacy and    and " I do n’t think the social issues will ever come up in Tony Perkins role of secretary of state . " Tillerson was national president of the Boy Scouts between 2010 and 2012 , and is credited with playing a key role in pushing the group to lift the group ban on gay scouts in 2013 .    Falwell , an early and vocal supporter of Trump during the campaign , also likened the   ’s Cabinet to the 1992 Dream Team , the legendary collection of NBA superstars that won Olympic gold , including Michael Jordan and Larry Bird .       said " The American people said no more amateurs " and compared Trump selection process to 1989 , when the rules were changed to allow professional basketball players to compete in the Olympics .   " The United States put together the best NBA NBA , " he    . " Created The Dream Team . Went on to win in the Barcelona Olympics in 1992 . They The American people every team by an average of 44 points . That is what I see happening . I think Trump Trump putting together a Dream Team . He Trump picking the best from every industry , from every walk of life and it ’s people who have actually succeeded . " Falwell also revealed he Falwell with Trump Trump being the secretary of education , but the Trump about a    to    commitment and Falwell Falwell only willing to leave Liberty University for a year or two . But Falwell Falwell his Falwell will likely involve advising on education issues , which may include chairing a task force focused on higher education .  
 