Pop star Miley Cyrus has vowed to leave the country if Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump wins the election . [ In a series of scathing Instagram posts , the     Dead Petz singer called Trump a " f***ing nightmare " who makes her " vom . "    Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is a fucking nightmare ! A photo posted by Miley Cyrus ( @mileycyrus ) on Feb 29 , 2016 at 12:35pm PST ,    gon na vom    move out da country . # aintapartyindausaanymo , A photo posted by Miley Cyrus ( @mileycyrus ) on Mar 1 , 2016 at 6:32pm PST ,   In a    on Wednesday , Cyrus posted a composite photo of Trump , young hunter Kendall Jones and herself Cyrus a " tear rolling down " her Cyrus .   Yes . That is a tear rolling down my cheek dripping off the end of my nose   …     .. This makes me so unbelievable scared and sad   …     . Not only for our country but for animals that I love more than anything in this world   …     . My heart is broken into a 100000 pieces    …     .. I think I may vomit    …     . That picture on the right is so disturbing   …     . YOU are not destiny ! It is not your job to decide when a living things life is over    …     .   YOU DT ARE NOT GOD NO MATTER HOW MUCH YOU THINK YOU ARE ! ! ! ( if he does n’t think he he " God GOD he he he he the fucking chosen one or some shit ! We ’re all just fucking jam between his he ass toes ! Honestly fuck this shit I am moving if this is my president ! I do n’t say things I do n’t mean ! ) A photo posted by Miley Cyrus ( @mileycyrus ) on Mar 2 , 2016 at 6:07am PST ,   This makes me so unbelievable scared and sad , " Cyrus Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) . " Not only for our country but for animals that I love more than anything in this world   …     . My heart is broken into a 100000 pieces    …     .. I think I may vomit . " " YOU DT ARE NOT GOD NO MATTER HOW MUCH YOU THINK YOU ARE ! ! ! " the singer added , " ( if he the singer n’t think he the singer " God " he the singer he the singer the f***ing chosen one or some sh*t ! We ’re all just f***ing jam between his the singer ass toes ! Honestly f**k this sh*t I am moving if this is my president ! I do n’t say things I do n’t mean ! ) " Of course , Cyrus is n’t the only celebrity who has vowed to pack their bags if Trump wins the election , or even the nomination . At an event in Washington , D. C. last week , the Rev. Al Sharpton said he the Rev. Al Sharpton " reserving [ his the Rev. Al Sharpton ticket to get out of here if he the Rev. Al Sharpton . " " Only because he the Rev. Al Sharpton probably have me deported anyhow , " Sharpton the Rev. Al Sharpton , according to the Huffington Post . Meanwhile , The View‘s Whoopi Goldberg recently suggested that " maybe it ’s time for me to move " should Trump win , and of course , her Trump host    vowed to move to Canada " if any Republican gets nominated . " On Monday , Trump ’s son Donald Trump Jr. offered to pay the airfare for any celebrity who would flee in the event of his Trump’s son Donald Trump Jr. ’s presidency . " I ’ll buy them airfare , " he Trump’s son Donald Trump Jr. in an interview with Fox and Friends . " Those are endorsements for Trump Trump’s "  
 