  ( CNN ) Do n’t look for Chris Rock to remarry anytime soon . " Would I ever get married again ? " Chris Rock said in a standup routine . " Not if Chris Rock would cure AIDS . " Rock , who in December announced his first comedy tour in nine years , is on the current cover of Rolling Stone magazine . The accompanying interview is pretty raw . Here ’s some of what the comedian revealed : the comedian divorce has given the comedian new material , Rock , 52 , and Malaak    47 , confirmed in 2015 that they were divorcing after 19 years of marriage . The split was n’t exactly shocking to fans who followed the comedian biting commentary on relationships over the years , but The split ’s fueled new material . " If someone wants 52 percent custody , you know someone wants 52 percent custody want to kill you , " Rolling Stone quoted the comedian as joking .   Rock and the comedian ex are the parents of two daughters , Lola 14 , and Zahra 12 .   Starting over has n’t been easy , Rock said . " You get to reset , " the comedian said . " It ’s not a breakdown , but something in your life broke down . " Rock jokes about infidelities , On stage , Rock confesses the comedian " was a piece of s * * * " during the comedian marriage . the comedian shares a story of three women the comedian cheated with , " one famous , one    and one a member of the retail class , " according to publication .   the comedian predicted a Trump win , Prior to the November election , Rock said during a surprise    set that Trump would end up in the White House . It ’s been suggested that candidate Trump the whole " how could John McCain be a hero if he got John McCain " thing from an old Rock joke . If that ’s true , the comedian does n’t think Trump did Trump good job delivering the line . " He messed the comedian up a good job delivering the line " said Rock . " The man ca n’t tell a joke . "   He ’s The man love again , but wants to find God , The comic is currently dating " CSI : Miami " actress Megalyn Echikunwoke , but there ’s another relationship he ’s The man thinking about as well . " I wanna find some peace , ’cause people usually find that peace in a horrible time , " he said The man " Why does that have to be ? Maybe I can find God without God in shambles . Maybe I can reach a higher plain spiritually without being in a    experience . " Rock ’s " Total Blackout Tour " kicks off Thursday in Indianapolis . 
 