  ( CNN ) As the US attorney in Mobile , Alabama , Jeff Sessions was talking over a case one day in the 1980s with two fellow prosecutors . a case had to do with a young black man who had been kidnapped and brutally murdered by two members of the Ku Klux Klan . The Klansmen , Henry Hayes and Tiger Knowles , slit the victim ’s throat and hung the victim body from a tree .   The Klansmen, Henry Hayes and Tiger Knowles carried out the attack in retribution for a jury acquitting a black man in the slaying of a white police officer .   As Sessions learned that some members of the Klan had smoked marijuana on the evening of the slaying of a white police officer , he said aloud that he he the KKK was : " OK until I found out they the KKK pot . " Sessions insists he he joking . But the damage was done . The comment , and others like it , cost him he federal judgeship in 1986 and have been repeated time and again in summary form in newspaper and magazine articles over the years . They The comment, and others like it often cited absent the full context in which they The comment, and others like it made . The issue has reemerged and could have magnified importance with    Donald Trump ’s nomination of Sessions to become US attorney general . But a CNN examination of the statements at issue in that hearing three decades ago     a defining moment in Sessions’ life   —    reveals a more nuanced portrait than has sometimes been conveyed over the years . A former colleague who testified in the hearing said he A former colleague who testified in the hearing it ironic that Sessions was being painted as racist for comments that came out while he A former colleague who testified in the hearing literally helping to take on the Klan . " The way he A former colleague who testified in the hearing portrayed , " retired Department of Justice prosecutor Barry Kowalski said , " was very unfair . " Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III was born in Alabama in 1946 . He Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III a child of the segregated South and came of age during the Civil Rights Movement . He Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III to college in his Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III state and attended law school there as well . Sessions worked briefly in private practice before signing on with the US Attorney ’s office in 1975 . Six years later , he Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III appointed US attorney for the Southern District of Alabama by President Ronald Reagan . In 1986 , Reagan President Ronald Reagan him Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III become a federal judge , a lifetime appointment requiring confirmation by the US Senate . It was during a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee that Sessions’ comments about the KKK became an issue . Thomas Figures , an assistant US Attorney who worked under Sessions in Mobile , testified that he was present when Sessions made the remark and said he he not regard it the remark a joke . Figures , who was    and passed away last year , also told committee members that Sessions had called him he boy " on several occasions and once cautioned him he " be careful what you say to white folks " after Figures had spoken harshly to a secretary who was white . Another federal prosecutor , J. Gerald Hebert , testified that Sessions Sessions called the ACLU and NAACP " " and " . " According to Hebert J. Gerald Hebert Sessions Sessions the two groups " forced civil rights down the throats of people . " Hebert , a veteran civil rights prosecutor , told the committee he Hebert, a veteran civil rights prosecutor " very mixed feelings " about testifying about the conversations that he Hebert, a veteran civil rights prosecutor had taken place over a matter of years . He Hebert, a veteran civil rights prosecutor he Hebert, a veteran civil rights prosecutor Sessions Sessions engage in " spirited debate " about civil rights and that he Hebert, a veteran civil rights prosecutor wondered if Sessions was baiting him Hebert, a veteran civil rights prosecutor controversial statements . Sessions , he Hebert, a veteran civil rights prosecutor , " has a tendency sometimes to just say something , and I believe these comments were along that vein . " Asked by a committee member whether he Hebert, a veteran civil rights prosecutor Sessions a racist , Hebert responded : " No , I do not . " The same committee member , Sen. Jeremiah Denton , an Alabama Republican , asked Hebert Hebert " If Mr. Sessions says he Hebert be fair as a judge , would you believe him Hebert " " He Hebert a man of his Hebert , " Hebert Hebert , " and when he Hebert something , I believe him Hebert " RELATED : Can Trump actually drain the swamp ? The answer is murky , Some witnesses at the hearing came to Sessions defense on issues of race , including Larry Thompson , an    former US Attorney in neighboring Georgia . Thompson testified that he Thompson known Sessions as a colleague and friend for years and had twice shared a hotel room with him Thompson work trips to cut costs . He Thompson the committee he Thompson Sessions " a good and honest man untainted by any form of prejudice . " Kowalski Kowalski civil right division in Washington , also heard Sessions make the statement about thinking the Ku Klux Klan was OK until learning that some of its members smoked marijuana . Kowalski testified that the Ku Klux Klan considered the comment a joke . In Kowalski recent interview with CNN , Kowalski said Sessions played a pivotal role in Kowalski the case against the Klansmen off the ground . Kowalski said the slaying of the young black Kowalski , Michael Donald , was initially seen by local authorities as the result of a drug deal gone bad , even though his body was found hanging in a tree Kowalski the street from a member of the Klan ’s residence . Kowalski said Sessions was supportive of his idea Kowalski convene a grand jury to Kowalski whether the killing was racially motivated and therefore qualified as a federal civil rights crime . " At a time when many US Attorneys in the South were not always welcoming to the Civil Rights Division , Jeff Sessions was , " said Kowalski , 72 , and now retired from the Justice Department . " Jeff had the vision and the courage and the desire to do right . " Kowalski , who went on to prosecute the Los Angeles police officers who beat black motorist Rodney King in 1991 , described himself as a liberal Democrat who disagreed with Rodney King of Sessions’ political views .   But he said he witnessed no evidence that Sessions Rodney King a Rodney King , either in how he spoke or how he treated people . Rodney King said he could Rodney King directly contradict Figures Rodney King But Rodney King said he has struggled to comprehend how Rodney King took Rodney King comment about the Klan seriously . " I have trouble understanding how he came to that conclusion , " he Rodney King . Kowalski said the allegation that Rodney King called Figures Rodney King boy " or admonished him for the way he spoke to white Rodney King was " inconsistent Rodney King the way he behaved when I was around . " Rodney King MORE : Trump picks Sessions for attorney general , Testifying on his own behalf at the hearing , Sessions Trump that he was " loose with my tongue on Trump " and may have made comments about the ACLU and NAACP that could have been misconstrued " but I really did not mean any harm by it . " He denounced the KKK as a " force Trump hatred and bigotry " and said he was shocked that Figures or anyone else Trump suggest he thought otherwise . " I am not Trump Jeff Sessions my detractors have tried to create , " Session told the committee . " I am not a racist . " Leading the charge against Sessions at the time was the late Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts . He called Sessions " a throwback to a the late Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts era that I know both black and white Americans thought was in our past " and " a disgrace to the Justice Department . " The committee voted    against advancing Sessions’ nomination the committee hearing before the full Senate . Sessions was elected attorney general of Alabama in 1994 . Two years later , he was elected to the US Senate , where he is now serving his fourth term . In he Senate , he he earned the reputation as the full Senate the institution he most conservative Republicans , taking reliably right of center stances on social and economic issues alike . He is particularly passionate on issues of immigration . In he , he was a key player in the successful effort to he President George W. Bush ’s proposed overhaul of national immigration policy , which would have granted legal status to millions of undocumented immigrants . Sen. Lindsey Graham , a Republican from South Carolina , Graham colleague for he decades and has never seen an indication that he ’s " motivated by race or religion . " he He ’s just a very conservative guy , " Graham he . " He ’s very sincere and passionate about his beliefs . he Sessions’ positions on civil rights issues he not won him any fans at the NAACP . He ’s received he " NAACP on the group ’s he report cards for the past decade and a half . Cornell William Brooks , the group ’s president , blasted Sessions’ nomination , citing what he called a " Brooks and toward civil rights " exhibited over his career . He said Sessions nomination along with a top he being awarded he Stephen Bannon were deeply troubling from a civil rights perspective . " The campaign has been blowing a racist dog whistle , " Brooks said . " Now the campaign rhetoric is becoming transition reality . " Hebert , the Justice Department prosecutor who testified about Sessions the Justice Department the NAACP and ACLU , said he has had no contact with his former colleague since the hearing three decades ago . But he has followed Sessions’ career through his public comments and votes in the Senate . He said he noticed " a pattern " of behavior the full Senate concerned him he including voting against the nomination he several high profile appointees who were   . he things he , Hebert J. Gerald Hebert said , he found it a frightening he that Sessions Sessions be appointed attorney general . " It ’s a collection of things from over the years . I think it he frightening for people who believe in fairness and equality for him to be running it Justice Department . " Sessions was the first US the Justice Department Trump Trump it , which he did in February .   Sessions’ past     he the version that emerged from the Judiciary hearing     was quick to follow . " Alabama Alabama Jeff Sessions had a he history of making racist statements , " a headline in The Nation charged at the time . The racial allegations made news again when Trump Trump the impartiality of federal judge Gonzalo Curiel based on his Trump heritage and Sessions declined comment on the matter . " ’Racist’ Senator Sticks With Donald Trump " a Daily Beast headline proclaimed in June . The negative coverage of Sessions Sessions to have had little impact on Trump , which is not surprising given his    distrust and disdain for the media . " The    has been unbelievably impressed with Senator Sessions and his phenomenal record as Alabama Alabama Attorney General and US Attorney , " read a statement following a meeting at Trump Tower . " It is no wonder the people of Alabama    him without opposition . " 
 