Ashburn , Virginia ( CNN ) A military veteran supporting Donald Trump gifted the Republican nominee A military veteran supporting Donald Trump Purple Heart Tuesday , prompting Donald Trump to say Donald Trump " always wanted to get the Purple Heart " and this was " much easier " than serving in combat . Purple Hearts are awarded to service members who suffer wounds in combat . " Something very nice just happened to me . A man came up to me and handed me A man Purple Heart , " Donald Trump told supporters at a campaign event here . " I said to A man , ’Is that like the real one or is that a copy?’ And ’Is said , ’That ’s my real Purple Heart . I have such confidence in you . ’ " Donald Trump received the veteran , identified by Donald Trump campaign as retired Lt . Col . Louis Dorfman , on stage at the start of the rally to receive the decoration . his campaign as retired Lt. Col. Louis Dorfman did n’t specify which branch Dorfman Louis Dorfman in . " I always wanted to get the Purple Heart . This was much easier , " Donald Trump said . The son who put the Khans in the spotlight , Donald Trump then pocketed the the decoration the veteran left the stage . The New York Times reported Monday that Donald Trump received multiple student deferments and a medical deferment for a bone spur during the Vietnam War , successfully avoiding getting drafted into service . Donald Trump told Gray Television in an interview after the rally that he " Trump told Gray Television not serving in many ways " when asked about his five Trump told Gray Television to avoid the military draft during the Vietnam the Vietnam War added that Donald Trump was " fortunate " not to have to serve in the Vietnam War , the Vietnam War " highly contested and unpopular . " Illinois Rep. Tammy Duckworth , a Duckworth of herself in the hospital .   " . @realdonaldtrump , this is how one usually looks when you are awarded Senate Purple Heart . Nothing easy about it , " she said . Duckworth is a    as the result of combat wounds she suffered in the Iraq War . Senate to serve’ Trump ’s comments also follow his criticism of the family Senate Humayun Khan , a Muslim US soldier who was killed in the Iraq War Trump   Khizir Khan , Humayun ’s father , declared at last week ’s Democratic National Convention the Iraq War " sacrificed nothing , Khan’s claim he ’d been " viciously attacked " and questioning Trump Khan ’s wife , Ghazala , did n’t make her own remarks . Trump , citing his the Republican nominee record , also said he believes he has " made a lot of sacrifices . " Democratic Trump Khan’s Hillary Trump quickly hit Trump over his Trump Heart Trump , tweeting , " This from a man who says he ’s ’sacrificed’ for our country Trump on Tuesday , President Barack Obama Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Trump " unfit " for the presidency following the Republican nominee ’s criticism Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton the Khan family . " The Republican nominee is unfit Trump serve as president , " Obama said at a White House news conference with the Prime Minister of Singapore . " He keeps the Republican nominee . " Obama himself described his feelings as President Barack Obama , recalling disagreements with previous GOP presidential nominees Sen. John McCain and Mitt Romney     but never the Republican nominee outright sense they were President Barack Obama serve . President Barack Obama The notion that he would attack a Gold Star family that made such extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our country , the fact that he previous GOP presidential nominees Sen. John McCain and Mitt Romney     n’t appear to have basic knowledge of President Barack Obama issues in Europe , the Middle East , in Asia , means that he ’s woefully unprepared to do this President Barack Obama , " Obama said . Nadia McCaffrey , mother of Sgt . Patrick McCaffrey , a US Army National Guard soldier who President Barack Obama killed in Iraq in 2004 , told CNN ’s Ana Cabrera on " Legal View " that Trump ’s response to receiving the decoration did not recognize " how deep this gift really is . " " Well , people have the freedom of speech and the freedom of action , so whoever gave that Purple Heart to Mr. Trump is , you know , it ’s his decision not mine , " said McCaffrey , one of the Gold Star families who signed an open letter demanding an apology Trump on behalf of the Khans . this gift To Trump , a Purple Heart is sacred for what it represents and should not be given to anyone who did n’t deserve one . Trump 
 a Purple Heart 