Washington ( CNN ) The Badlands National Park official account tweeted statistics about climate change on Tuesday that could contradict how President Donald Trump ’s administration may want to present it . The tweets were up for a few hours before The tweets were deleted . " Today , the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is higher than at any time in the last 650 , 000 years . # climate , " one of The tweets read . In a statement , the National Park Service blamed " a former employee who was not currently authorized to use the park ’s account " for the tweets , which the NPS said they the NPS of their the NPS accord . " The the park’s not told to remove the The tweets chose to do so when they realized that the NPS account had the NPS compromised . At this time , National Park Service social media managers are encouraged to continue the use of Twitter to post information relating to public safety and park information , with the exception of content related to national policy issues , " the National Park Service statement said . Trump once called climate change a " hoax " invented by the Chinese and , during his campaign for Trump , repeatedly questioned scientific conclusions that human activity has caused global warming . More recently , he has acknowledged Trump some connectivity " between human activity and climate change . Democrats were quick to criticize the move . Adrienne Watson , the Democratic National Committee national press secretary , said in a statement : " Vladimir Putin would be proud . " This is n’t the first time an account has gone rogue in response to Trump ’s administration . On Friday , the National Park Service retweeted messages that compared the crowd sizes at Barack Obama ’s 2009 inauguration to Donald Trump ’s inauguration Friday . Representatives Friday the new administration Trump’s administration Department ’s digital team to temporarily stop using Twitter as well     a decision the agency now claims was out of a concern the account was hacked . Twitter told CNN that the Twitter Twitter account had 7 , 000 Twitter followers on Monday . It now has 119 , the @BadlandsNPS Twitter account had 7, 000 Twitter followers on Monday followers since publication , a number that continues to rise . 
 