  ( CNN ) After a very rough few weeks , Donald Trump attempted to right Donald Trump campaign with some dramatic changes in the past week . Donald Trump fired Donald Trump campaign manager , put new emphasis on raising money and used a teleprompter in Donald Trump speech against the Clintons .   Donald Trump may have benefited from a Supreme Court ruling that effectively blocked President Obama ’s immigration executive actions . And some have interpreted the UK ’s vote in favor of Brexit as confirmation that Donald Trump ’s    style of nativist ,    trade politics has international appeal . The next crucial moment in the campaign will take place when Donald Trump picks Donald Trump vice presidential candidate . In Scotland , Donald Trump said that Donald Trump is getting " a lot of calls " from people interested in the job . the campaign is hoping for a big bump , a    candidate who will inject the narrative with a new story line . Although there is still a belief that the right pick can fundamentally change the race , most of the social science research into vice presidential selections shows this is usually not the case .   And so the most important part of the pick is to avoid selecting someone who causes problems for the campaign the campaign ca n’t afford another Sarah Palin , whose disastrous media rollout only weighted down John McCain ’s already sagging campaign .   Even if it does n’t move the needle much , the vice presidential selection can help compensate for some of the problems and concerns that voters have about a nominee . In Trump ’s case Trump is especially important , given how unprecedented and unpredictable his candidacy is Trump Ironically , even though Trump has n’t Trump his own tax Trump , as he vets candidates Trump is asking Trump see their tax returns he vets candidates hoping to avoid selecting anyone with questionable finances . But finding someone with a solid financial record is only one part of the equation . Given the many questions about his candidacy , his candidacy to Trump a    selection if he wants to Trump his faltering campaign Trump Here are the characteristics that Trump should be Trump for :   1 . Someone who can govern and understands policy , This is the most urgent need for the Trump campaign . his faltering campaign Trump another Dick Cheney whose surprise selection in 2000 greatly strengthened George W. Bush ’s effort to push back against attacks from Vice President Al Gore that he lacked sufficient knowledge about policy Vice President Al Gore governance . Cheney caused many problems for Bush Dick Cheney he was president , George W. Bush’s in Dick Cheney , he greatly strengthened the campaign . Dick Cheney those whose names have been floated are former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich , Tennessee Senator Bob Corker and Governor Chris Christie , all of whom could add this dimension to the ticket .   2 . Someone who can raise money   It appears that Trump has finally started to raise money after the startling announcement that he only had a little over Trump million dollars in his campaign fund . But many Trump Republican donors remain extremely hesitant to turn over their dollars . Even with free many top Republican donors time and a " lean and mean operation , " the fact is that a presidential candidate needs a huge amount of money to win in a    race . Iowa Senator Joni Ernst is one possible choice if Trump decides to go with someone who is close to the Koch brothers and could help get them to open up their wallets the Koch brothers    3 . the Koch brothers who can withstand the media onslaught , Trump needs remember what happened to Trump in 2008 . When she faced the media onslaught that Palin her announcement , the results were Palin . She was unable to handle the Palin basic questions . Palin became a punchline for comedians Palin late night and Tina Fey ’s impression on " Saturday Night Live . " That ’s nothing compared to what could be coming when Trump makes his announcement . Given the immense Trump scrutiny of this campaign and the deep questions that exist about his candidacy , his pick will Trump a barrage Trump questions in the weeks that follow the convention . If he or she stumbles and proves Trump to handle the heat , it could prove a huge problem .   4 . Someone who counteracts xenophobia , racism , sexism   Trump has succeeded by playing to some of the nastiest elements of the electorate .   If Trump picks someone who compounds these Trump rather than offers evidence that is not what he is about , this will Trump to descend into a replay of George Wallace . He needs to pick someone like Trump former competitor Marco Rubio or Trump Mexico Governor Susana Martinez who embodies stability , diversity , moderation and toleration , at least relative to others in the GOP .   5 . Someone with appeal in Pennsylvania and Ohio , Donald Trump will need to take a number of swing states , or increasingly unstable Blue states , from the Democrats to win the Electoral College . Unless there are dramatic shifts of opinion , the current electoral math will be very difficult for him to overcome . If the Donald Trump stays the same as in 2012 , Hillary Clinton will only need to win one swing state to take the election . Essential to his success will be to fulfill Hillary Clinton ongoing promise to win in Hillary Clinton like Pennsylvania , Ohio and even New Jersey . This is where he will need to pick a Hillary Clinton presidential candidate like Ohio Governor John Kasich , who Ohio draw political support from dissatisfied Democratic voters . This could be one of the more consequential vice presidential choices in history . Trump ’s decision could very well dictate if he can seriously compete against the Trump juggernaut .   The big challenge that he faces with this selection is Trump just who he picks —   but whether Trump really wants the job . Even as he tried to fix his campaign Trump his toxic comments Trump scaring most Trump away from aligning their fortunes with him . A most Republicans Washington    Trump poll reports that Clinton now has a    national lead on her opponent , with a stunning Clinton in three Americans believing that he is unqualified for the job Clinton   More prominent Republicans , including former Secretary of Treasury Henry Paulson and columnist George Will , have announced that they will not vote for Trump More prominent Republicans, including former Secretary of Treasury Henry Paulson and columnist George Will In the end it might be that Trump will have to let go Trump seeking the best criteria for a VP and just choose whoever will say yes .   Join us on Facebook . . Read CNNOpinion ’s Flipboard magazine . 
 