  ( CNN ) After a year of agonizing , Donald Trump ’s vulgar hot mic comments proved to be the final straw for many top Republican Party leaders .   A day after the release of the lewd tape , House and Senate members rescinded House and Senate members endorsement of Donald Trump in increasing numbers     and others were sure to follow . In the hours after The Washington Post published a vulgar video of Donald Trump bragging about Donald Trump ability to grope women as a benefit of Donald Trump celebrity , Republicans were quick to condemn Donald Trump , but slow to rescind Republicans endorsement . That all changed Saturday morning as top Republicans in marquee Senate races , including New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte and Rep. Joe Heck of Nevada , said top Republicans in marquee Senate races, including New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte and Rep. Joe Heck of Nevada could no longer support Donald Trump . List : Which Republicans are abandoning Donald Trump and which are sticking by Donald Trump ? " I ’m a mom and an American first , and I can not and will not support a candidate for president who brags about degrading and assaulting women , " Ayotte said in a statement , adding Ayotte would write Pence ’s name in on Ayotte ballot . " I believe our only option is to formally ask Donald Trump to step down and allow Republicans the opportunity to elect someone who will provide us our the strong leadership so desperately needed and one that Americans deserve , " Heck said , appearing with former GOP nominee Mitt Romney Saturday . Trump : ’Zero chance I ’ll quit’ Arizona Sen. John McCain also withdrew his Arizona Sen. John McCain for Trump Donald Trump In addition to the vulgar comments that surfaced Friday , McCain Arizona Sen. John McCain cited Trump Donald Trump remarks earlier in the week about the " Central Park 5 "     saying he believed Arizona Sen. John McCain were still guilty in a 1989 rape despite being exonerated years ago     in making his decision Arizona Sen. John McCain " Donald Trump Donald Trump this week , the week the disclosure of his demeaning comments Donald Trump women and his boasts about Donald Trump assaults , make it impossible to continue to offer even conditional support for his candidacy . Donald Trump , with her strong background in Cindy rights and respect for women fully agrees with me in this , Cindy McCain said . " Cindy and I will Cindy vote for Donald Trump , " he continued . " McCain have never voted for a Democratic presidential candidate and we will not vote for Hillary Clinton . We will write in we name of some good conservative Republican who is qualified to be president . "   Other key figures including Alaska Sen. Dan Sullivan , Missouri Rep. Ann Wagner , former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Ohio Gov. John Kasich also called for Trump to step aside . Nancy O’Dell , the woman who rebuffed Trump , It was Trump sea change from Friday night , when only two Utah politicians pulled their support of Trump only two Utah politicians Gov. Gary Trump and House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz .   But other    Republicans , including House Speaker Paul Ryan House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus , have n’t backed away from their endorsements of Trump other   Republicans, including House Speaker Paul Ryan and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as they Trump his comments other   Republicans, including House Speaker Paul Ryan and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus The cascade of strong condemnations of Trump on Saturday however Trump could accelerate the GOP ’s move toward a tipping point with Trump . Not only Trump Democrats trying to pressure GOP to cut ties GOP their nominee , but Democrats Republicans are exploring whether there is any way to keep Trump from remaining their Trump bearer . Republicans has survived so Trump shocking moments this year that most pundits have stopped predicting his downfall . But Trump Republican strategists said this weekend that the tape     with Trump ’s casual suggestion Trump he could get away Trump sexual assault     could be a death blow to his campaign . Trump Trump the first Trump toward recovery early Saturday by issuing a defiant apology . " I said it , I was wrong and I apologize , " Trump said in a Trump in which he also doubled down Trump his criticism of Bill Trump Hillary Clinton .   He insisted in interviews Trump with The Washington early Saturday and The Wall Street Journal that he would n’t step Trump and greeted supporters on the sidewalk outside Trump Tower . It was in many ways the final chapter of the uncomfortable waltz that Republicans have carried on all year with Trump . In key battleground states , candidates and their advisers have agonized Republicans how to deal with Trump , straining to Trump language that shows they respect the will candidates and their advisers the Republican voters , while trying to shield themselves from the stain the Republican voters his more controversial comments . Republican leaders across the spectrum seemed mostly horrified by Trump ’s breezy descriptions Trump criminal conduct in his conversation with Billy Bush his " Access Hollywood , " which was captured on a hot microphone in 2005 and released by The Washington Post . ’Sickened’ In the most telling sign that the GOP may be on the verge of a break with Trump , Ryan said in Trump statement that Trump would no longer be Trump a Republican unity event with Ryan in Wisconsin Saturday , Ryan that he is " sickened by Ryan I heard today . " " Women are to be championed and revered , not objectified . I hope Mr. Trump treats this situation Trump seriousness it deserves and works to demonstrate this situation the country that he has greater respect for women Trump this clip suggests , " Ryan said in his statement . Ryan in Wisconsin In the Ryan in Wisconsin , he is no longer attending tomorrow Ryan in Wisconsin event in Wisconsin . " Ryan reiterated Saturday that Trump ’s Ryan in Wisconsin were a " troubling situation " but did n’t pull back his endorsement . Still , he Ryan in Wisconsin sending a clear signal Ryan in Wisconsin the many vulnerable House and Senate Republicans that it is fair game to criticize Trump in harsh terms . Before Trump’s ties with Trump Saturday , Ayotte was the Trump’s vulnerable Republican incumbent to weigh in Friday , calling Trump ’s comments " totally inappropriate Trump’s offensive . " Ohio Republican Sen. Rob Portman , who has pledged to support the GOP nominee , said Trump ’s comments were " offensive Trump’s and he was right to apologize . " Ohio Republican Sen. Rob Portman, who has pledged to support the GOP nominee GOP Sen. Pat Toomey called Trump ’s remarks " outrageous and unacceptable Trump’s Nevada Congressman Joe Heck , who is in a close race for Senate , said he condemned Trump ’s comments " in the Pennsylvania GOP Sen. Pat Toomey possible terms " and that the language he used was " disgraceful . "   Pennsylvania GOP Sen. Pat Toomey Kirk , an Illinois Republican who has been critical of Trump , called him a " malignant clown Trump’s unprepared and Pennsylvania GOP Sen. Pat Toomey to be president of the United States . " Dems blast GOP , Democrats were quick to charge that Republicans were n’t going far enough . Democratic operatives made it clear that their strategy in the days ahead would be Democratic operatives force GOP candidates not just to say whether they condemned the comments , but whether they Democratic operatives Trump should still be    . Democratic operatives the shocking hot mic tape of Donald Trump was exposed , A number of Trump Friday that the emergence of the " Access Hollywood " tape would make it much easier to sever ties with Trump over the "Access Hollywood" tape coming days . How the shocking Trump mic tape of Donald Trump was the shocking hot mic tape of Donald Trump Gov. John Kasich , urged Republicans in a tweet to Weaver rescind . Trump work for campaign , can resign . # Two Paths . "   " Condemning Trump ’s comments while still endorsing , supporting him Trump u Weaver later tweeted . " # TwoPaths Trump available . Choose the right one . " Steve Schmidt , a Republican strategist who advised 2008 presidential candidate John McCain , noted that the Trump campaign has been in a spiral since the last debate Schmidt a comportment and temperament issue . It ’s devastating , " Schmidt said , noting that the new revelations come a week after Trump was " hate tweeting " at a former Miss Universe at Trump am . " Most every Republican has tried to accommodate this nominee of the party despite Republican Party find deeply awkward Republican Party We ’re moving into a new phase here , " Schmidt said . He noted that Trump has given little indication Trump he is preparing for the second debate , suggesting a strong possibility of another flubbed performance . " If the election were held tomorrow , Republicans are down seven Schmidt seats , Schmidt by Monday morning you ’re Senate to see Schmidt all over saying Hillary Clinton is going to Hillary Clinton election and we need to have divided government to keep a check on her , " Schmidt said . Hillary Clinton And people will be jumping off the boat like it ’s the end of the Titanic . " Shock at Trump the election , Beyond the Trump names , many Republicans expressed shock at Trump ’s comments , Schmidt those Trump formerly worked for Trump’s , and did not appreciate the Texas the boat ’s recent endorsement of Trump .   Cruz strategist Jason Trump tweeted Friday : " Just another Friday in # 2016 . Ca n’t even watch the news with my kids . " Cruz Friday criticized Trump , along with other former Trump primary rivals such as Jeb Trump . " Ted Cruz the grandfather of Billy Bush girls , I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump ’s Donald Trump degrading Donald Trump’s Jeb Bush tweeted . Democrats Ted Cruz to punish GOP Senate candidates over Billy Bush , While Trump GOP few defenders on Trump , some of Senate advisers said they believed he could ride out the controversy . Faith Billy Bush Freedom Coalition Founder and Billy Bush Ralph Reed , who Friday on Trump ’s religious advisory board , said that he believed people of faith would pay more Trump’s where they aligned with Trump on the issues like abortion some of his advisers Planned Parenthood Trump on Saturday . " I think a Reed of their concerns , " Reed said , adding that the tape did not change his opinion of Trump . Reed " Everybody falls short of a Trump of perfection , people of faith Donald Trump ’s been married to Melania for 10 , 11 , 12 years now . And he has Trump’s and has a Trump with his children . .. I think this case is ancient a    tape of a private conversation with at TV talk show host " 
 a    tape of a private conversation with at TV talk show host Trump Reed a    tape of a private conversation with at TV talk show host 