TAMPA   —    Wednesday in the lead up to an appearance by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump at the Florida State Fairgrounds , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani praised the enthusiastic crowd in attendance and took a dig at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump at the Florida State Fairgrounds opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . [ " I want to say something for the media that is covering this : Do you think that Hillary Trump’s opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton produce a crowd with this kind of enthusiasm ? " he said Trump’s opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton " I can think of only one really enthusiastic crowd that would gather for Hillary Clinton Trump’s opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton grand jury . Boy , would I love to present that case . Now they would have enthusiasm . "   The attendees chanted " lock her up " in unison Trump’s opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton but Giuliani was quick to say that defeating her at the ballot box Trump’s opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton be the best method of recourse for her alleged wrongdoing because the Trump’s opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton of Justice under President Barack Obama had failed its duties by refusing to the Department of Justice under President Barack Obama a case that he described to be bigger Giuliani Watergate and possibly the Teapot Dome scandal of the 1920s . " I gave a lot of my life to the Justice Department , " the Department of Justice under President Barack Obama " Now Giuliani am embarrassed of and I believe it has been made into a disgrace by their refusal to handle the case against Hillary Clinton like they would handle the case against you their I am more than willing to predict when the history of our day is written , the scandal you are watching unfold is going to be like the Teapot Dome scandal in the 1920 ’s and maybe bigger . " " It ’s going to be bigger than Watergate , " he continued . " Nixon had to Watergate office and he did a lot of bad things Nixon but it was n’t raking in millions and It of dollars through a phony charity . I ’m not sure how much money was involved in the Teapot Dome , but I bet the Teapot Dome have been much more than the how much money of millions of dollars the Clintons have been getting and turning the State Department into a     operation . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 