’   ’ "    During his   Thursday , former FBI Director James    Comey made several remarkable claims before the Senate    Intelligence Committee : that President Trump directed former FBI Director James   Comey to drop    former FBI Director James   Comey investigation into Trump ’s former national security adviser ,    Michael Flynn , and that the president fired Comey in an   of the FBI ’s Russia    investigation . " "    On Friday ,   denying Comey ’s allegations and accusing the    former the FBI head of lying under oath . " "    Despite the president ’s alleged attempts to stymie alleged attempts to stymie them , several    investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 election and    possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian    officials continue   —    perhaps with renewed vigor . " ’    These are the related but separate investigations underway . ’ ’   ’ ’    After Democratic   over Comey’ ’s ousting and leaks about his allegations    against Trump , the Justice Department   former FBI Director Robert    Mueller , to lead the department’ ’s investigation into " any links      coordination between the Russian government and    individuals associated with the campaign of President Donald    Trump . " ’ ’    Mueller   —    with the help of FBI investigators and DOJ lawyers   —      will also investigate whether any crimes , including   witness intimidation , or perjury ,    were committed by anyone involved in the inquiry   —    including    Trump . ’ "    While Mueller still technically reports to the Trump    administration ( Mueller was hired , and could be fired , by Deputy    Attorney General Rod Rosenstein ) it would trigger enormous    political backlash if the DOJ were seen to be interfering in the    special counsel ’s inquiry . " ’    " The incentives are in place for the   special counsel to appear to    be conducting a thorough and    investigation    " Lisa    Kern Griffin , a professor of law at Duke , told Business Insider . ’ "    Mueller , who is widely respected , was likely chosen for his      tenure running the FBI under both Republican and    Democratic presidents . Given that he reports his and receives    funding from the administration , there is a certain degree of    trust    public must place in Mueller ’s ability to remain    independent from the president and his administration    " ’    " Given his qualifications    his reputation    his enormous    ,    his undisputed    and the structure of the office he’ ’s    set up , it’ ’s fair to say that he’ ’s going to be very independent , "    Griffin said . ’ "    But independence is not guaranteed , and whether Mueller ’s    investigation is compromised in any way will not necessarily    become known to the public . " ’    " We certainly have no idea whether anybody behind the scenes is    telling him not to do anything , we just We know , " Richard    Briffault , a professor at Columbia law school , told Business    Insider . ’ ’    " We have to trust in his [ willingness ] to resign and or go public    should he feel his he is his being given adequate independence . " ’ "    According to Griffin , there is n’t a clear way Mueller could come    forward if he experienced Mueller interference while    conducting    investigation . " ’   ’ ’    If Mueller finds Mueller of criminal activity , he could Mueller to    indict members of the Trump campaign , including , theoretically ,    Trump himself . ’ "    But an American president has never before been criminally    charged , and it ’s    unlikely that situation could arise , in    part    prosecution is a function of the executive branch ,    and the president runs that branch . " ’    " I can’’t see any circumstances in which a criminal prosecution    would be brought , " Peter Schuck , a professor of law emeritus at    Yale , told Business Insider . ’ ’    Even if the president the president in the street , he or she the president    likely be impeached before facing criminal charges . ’ ’   ’ "    Both the Senate and House are pursuing      investigations that cover more ground than the justice department    investigation . The congressional inquiries are looking into the    Russian interference in the 2016 election , and possible ties    between the Trump campaign and Russian officials , Russian    circumstances surrounding Comey ’s firing , and leaks of classified    information . " "    While Mueller and the FBI ’s investigations will be conducted    behind closed doors , the congressional investigators can hold    public hearings    " "    While Congress does n’t have any power to prosecute , if the    committees uncover criminal activity , Congress can hold Congress vote to    impeach the    . " ’    " Ultimately , the president’ ’s jeopardy isn’’t so much legal   —    it’ ’s    political , " Griffin said . ’ "    The House would vote to impeach the president , which is akin to    an accusation . Then , the house would The House the prosecution in a    senate trial . It ’s up to The House to decide a president ’s guilt . " ’    But many say that without a majority of Democrats in Congress ,    impeachment would be unlikely . ’ ’    " There’ ’s not going to be an impeachment at this point , in this    Congress , unless fellow Republicans get really sick of him and    there’ fellow Republicans no sign There’ that’ ’s happening , " Charles Fried , a law    professor at Harvard and former solicitor general under President    Ronald Reagan , told Business Insider . ’ "    Two other Senate and House committees   —    the Senate Judiciary and    House Oversight and Government House committees   —    are also    investigating whether Trump committed obstruction of justice when    he asked Comey       the FBI ’s investigation into Flynn and his    subsequent firing Flynn    . " ’ Comey Obstruction of justice occurs when someone acts with corrupt    intent while attempting to intervene in the administration of    justice . ’ "    In addition , the committees are looking into Flynn ’s ties to    foreign powers , including Russia . " ’    Like with the intelligence committee investigations , these    inquiries could lead to more public hearings and , if Congress    concludes that Trump broke the law , it could lead to the law . ’ ’    Despite the hearings , revelations more public hearings leaks , it will likely be a    long time before any conclusions are drawn from the    investigations , Griffin says . ’ ’    " A    case of this type , even without the      dimensions , the international financial    evidence , the context of electoral politics , would ordinarily    take years for federal agents to investigate , " Griffin said ,    adding Griffin this case    more urgency and resources than    others . ’ ’    " It will be months , maybe even years , before they reach any    definitive conclusions . "    ’    But the length of the investigations could create its own    obstacle . " ’ ’    ’    " Presumably , the White House could The House say , ’’ You’’ve had    a year , you’’ve had two    , it’ ’s You’’ve , ’’ " Briffault said . ’ ’    And the fact that so many investigations are being pursued    simultaneously will likely complicate matters . ’ ’    " It is unfortunate ’ ’    in each other’ ’s way , "    Fried said . ’ ’    Ideally , he said , there would be " one bipartisan   Fried committee    of congressmen and senators . " ’ "    But Republican lawmakers are far from agreeing to the creation of    a special committee , so it ’s no surprise there are so many    investigators on the Hill . " ’    " Everybody wants to get into the act   —    it is    Washington , " Fried said . ’ ’During his blockbuster testimony Thursday   Fried .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 