CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    Roger Stone , Donald Trump ’s longtime confidante , slammed Sen. Ted Cruz as a " psychopath , " " megalomaniac " and traitor to the Republican Party for failing to endorse Donald Trump during Sen. Ted Cruz ’s speech here at the Republican National Convention yesterday . [ Jones was being interviewed by this reporter during Breitbart ’s live stream coverage from the RNC on Thursday . National radio host and InfoWars . com chief Alex Jones was also being interviewed in the same segment .   Watch the full interview below : Here is a transcript of that portion of the interview : STONE : Look , Ted Cruz thinks Ted Cruz ’s Ronald Reagan . And I think Ted Cruz miscalculated very badly . Ted Cruz is Nelson Rockefeller . Ted Cruz ’s the guy who bolted the party . Who deserted the party in its the party battle . We ’re elephants . We We long , long memory . In four years or eight years after the Trump presidency , if Ted Cruz tries to run again , if Alex ( Jones ) has n’t removed him from Alex (Jones) senate Alex (Jones) by then , Republicans will remember that when we went We battle he was Alex (Jones) . Look , the Ted Cruz he is a Alex (Jones) . He is a Alex (Jones) . He has an Alex (Jones) . And he thinks he Alex (Jones) Reagan Alex (Jones) I guess he thought that Alex (Jones) oratory would Alex (Jones) so soaring that he would bring Alex (Jones) convention to its feet . the convention : Instead he was totally Alex (Jones) . I think this has backfired . I mean I ’m not just putting that as PR out . I think it ’s totally this on the whole Republican establishment . STONE : And he proven that Alex (Jones) is not Alex (Jones) man of his word . Alex (Jones) other words , he told the Alex (Jones) people that he was supporting Alex (Jones) and that he would announce Alex (Jones) is voting Alex (Jones) . And Marco Rubio did . Scott Walker did . Chris Christie did . They all ran for president . This guy broke his word . This guy would anybody elect lying Ted ? Because he ’s lied yet Ted . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New Aaron Klein Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow Aaron Klein Follow him on Facebook . Aaron Klein 