  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton 4 , Donald Trump 2 , Gary Johnson 1     and a single    surprise : Mitt Romney .     With eight residents voting and five times as many reporters watching , Dixville Notch has spoken .   Latest election results , On a frigid night in the largely forgotten region about halfway between the Maine and Canadian borders , the small northern New Hampshire town came alive for several minutes of kitschy democratic conflict . This latest round of wee hours voting extends a tradition that traces back more than a   .    With the results in from Dixville Notch this    Election Day is officially underway , and sure as the Earth turns on its the Earth , the end of the 2016 presidential contest seems impossibly closer . The Granite State ’s tight Senate race will enter Election Dixville Notch this   Election Day , with Democratic Gov. Maggie Hassan and incumbent Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte each Dixville notching 4 votes .   Tuesday night ’s result will hearten superstitious Clinton supporters . The town ’s small collection of dedicated voters have correctly picked the eventual winner in three of the last four contests . In 2000 and 2004 it broke for George W. Bush and in 2008 it delivered it victory for Barack Obama .   Its more it results have been less predictive . Romney and Obama split Barack Obama votes in 2012 , and John Kasich edged out Trump in this year ’s GOP primary   .   Nearby Millsfield , which also voted at midnight , delivered a big win for Trump , Trump scored 16 votes to Clinton ’s four . One voter    Bernie Sanders , the New Hampshire Democratic primary winner . Meanwhile , Clinton rallied Clinton a narrow victory in Hart ’s Location , outscoring Trump by a    margin , with Johnson gaining another three votes and two more voters volunteering Sanders . With overnight    voting completed , Trump carries Trump by    lead over Clinton , Clinton .   Millsfield in 2016 is looking to horn in on what has been a calling card for Dixville Notch since 1960 , when Richard Nixon shutout John F. Kennedy 9 votes to nil . Hart ’s Location , too , has a tradition here , one that traces back to 1948 , when voting began at dawn , and then a move to midnight in 1952 . But they quit in 1964 , leaving Dixville Notch Dixville Notch leading     player .      Wayne Urso , Millsfield ’s ambitious election official , is hoping to displace Dixville Notch . Dixville Notch the morning Wayne Urso, Millsfield’s ambitious election official trash about his    voting rivals Wayne Urso, Millsfield’s ambitious election official    " We actually    a they here , " Urso told CNN . " They may be registered they vote there ( in Dixville Notch ) but Dixville Notch ask them where they live , they ’ll they that nobody actually lives there . " The Dixville Notch voting takes place in the storied Ballot Room of the Balsams Grand Resort Hotel , which has been closed to tourists for five years as new owners work to revamp the once bustling ski stop . Millsfield ’s decision to take on the embattled establishment was made , he said , during a Millsfield’s skull session . " We had a meeting of all the voters     because all the voters can probably fit in my living room , " Urso said . Asked if they wanted to continue midnight all the voters in the general election , " Everyone said , ’Yeah.’ " But why this year     why call attention to the town during this especially divisive season ? " We do n’t have that problem in Millsfield , " Urso said of his isolated Urso town . the town talk about politics amongst ourselves . Whether it ’s divisive across the We . .. it does n’t pertain to us . " it American institution , indeed We 
 