NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Ahead of presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee billionaire Donald Trump ’s meeting with House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday in Washington , D. C. on Capitol Hill , the real estate magnate told Breitbart News that the real estate magnate looks forward to the meetings and expects great things will come of the meetings . [ presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee billionaire Donald Trump believes presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee billionaire Donald Trump will beat former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton with or without House Speaker Paul Ryan support , although he former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton much prefer party unity heading into the general election .   " I look forward to great meetings tomorrow and hopefully things will get going fast because having unity would be certainly much better , because we ’re going to win , " presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee billionaire Donald Trump said in an    interview in presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee billionaire Donald Trump office on the 26th floor of Trump Tower in New York City . " We ’re going to beat Hillary Clinton . And Paul Ryan is a person who I know wants to do the right thing —   so I look forward to the meeting . " presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee billionaire Donald Trump challenged the idea that there are drastic policy differences between presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee billionaire Donald Trump and Ryan Paul Ryan Specifically on trade policy , presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee billionaire Donald Trump thinks Ryan Paul Ryan end up agreeing with presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee billionaire Donald Trump that America needs better trade deals because ultimately , presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee billionaire Donald Trump said , presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee billionaire Donald Trump is not opposed to doing trade deals as long as they have America America best interests in mind . Trump said : One of the big drastic policies is on trade . And what I want in trade is great deals . I ’m fine with free trade , but all of our trade deals are doing horribly . It ’s free trade for the other side , not for us our So I like free free trade all of all of our trade deals terribly our trade deals want is great deals . You know what my trade policy is ? I want to make great deals for the American people . It ’s a very simple policy . You my trade policy call it anything you want —   you can my trade policy it free trade free trade can come up with my trade policy different names —   but it ’s a very simple policy : Make great my trade policy for the American people . Ryan has been in a the American people , during an interview with CNN ’s Jake Tapper last week , he refused to endorse Trump for president , even though Trump Ryan now the presumptive nominee of the party . Ryan Trump for actions have emboldened his primary challenger , Paul Nehlen Ryan created division inside his own GOP conference in the House on Capitol Hill , his his party ’s and his own future , and set off his inside the party his has had GOP officials on all sides scrambling to find a solution . Ryan GOP the chief architect of Obamatrade in the House of Representatives , championed the passage last year of the Trade Promotion Authority ( TPA ) fast track legislation that greases the skids for congressional approval of various trade deals such as the Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) Pacific Rim trade deal , which Trump adamantly opposes . Ryan supports TPP . TPA would also allow Obamatrade proponents to ram through the Transatlantic Trade the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) Investment Partnership ( ) and the Trade in Services Agreement ( TiSA ) —   two     trade deals that are just as dramatic as TPP . According to Politico ’s Jake Sherman , Ryan does not plan on pushing Trump on trade . That is Ryan that does not seem to be an angle Trump will play with Ryan either , at least based upon Wednesday Trump interview with Breitbart Ryan . " So here ’s the House Speaker ’s play , according to multiple people in Ryan ’s inner circle : he wants Trump to understand where he Ryan from , " Sherman Ryan . Trump Ryan wants to Ryan to steer the party ’s national political dialogue   Ryan    as embodied by Trump ’s barbed rhetoric   —    in a better direction . He Trump open line of communication between his operation and Trump ’s Ryan He is n’t going to try to Ryan policy concessions from Trump   Ryan    he understands they are unlikely to ever agree on trade Trump   Ryan    but he wants some recognition that Ryan has 247 members of the House that Ryan to be    and they ca n’t do so while wincing through the general election in November . " they said at a press conference on Capitol Hill on Wednesday morning that he looks Ryan to getting to know Trump . " I do n’t really know Ryan , " Ryan said . " I met him once in person in 2012 Ryan We had Ryan very good conversation in March Ryan the phone . " " We just need to get to know each other , and we as a leadership We are enjoying the fact that we have a chance to We with him , " Ryan added . Ryan did We , however , share any details Ryan what he Ryan to discuss Ryan Trump . " I ’d rather have a conversation in Ryan than through the media , no offense , " Ryan said when pressed by reporters for details . Ryan ’s    approach to Trump Ryan far runs directly counter to his counterpart on Ryan other of the Capitol Trump Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . Ryan has embraced Trump as the GOP ’s presidential pick , fully endorsing him last Ryan . " Trump have committed to supporting the nominee chosen by Republican Ryan , and Donald Trump , the presumptive nominee , is now on the verge of clinching that nomination , " McConnell said last week . " Republicans are committed to preventing what would be a Ryan term last week Obama and restoring economic and national security after eight years of a Democrat in the White House , " McConnell added . After Trump meets with Ryan , he will meet with McConnell as Ryan as part of his full day of meetings Ryan Washington . 
 Ryan Ryan 