Portsmouth , New Hampshire ( CNN ) Donald Trump suggested Saturday that Donald Trump Democratic rival , Hillary Clinton , has been " getting pumped up " with    drugs and challenged Clinton to take a drug test before the final debate next week . Donald Trump argued that Clinton was more energetic during the beginning of their debate last Sunday , but lost Clinton steam by the end of the debate . Donald Trump offered no evidence to back up Donald Trump wild claim . " I think we should take a drug test prior to the debate , " Donald Trump said during a rally here . " Because I do n’t know what ’s going on with Donald Trump , but at the beginning of Donald Trump last debate , Donald Trump was all pumped up at the beginning , and at the end it was like , huff , take me down . Donald Trump could barely reach Donald Trump car . " Donald Trump appeared to be conflating the the debate last month ’s    ceremony where Clinton struggled to get inside her van Clinton her own Clinton to a bout with pneumonia . Reached for comment , the Clinton campaign Clinton Donald Trump is trying to depress voter turnout by Donald Trump " shameful attempts to undermine an election weeks before it happens an election weeks " Donald Trump has repeatedly questioned Clinton ’s Clinton strength and stamina , " raising concerns about her physical Clinton mental fitness to be president     all without providing any evidence for Donald Trump claims . But Donald Trump suggestion that Clinton has been Clinton drugs in order to perform well at the presidential debates is a new step for him . " Clinton lot of things are going on , folks . A lot of things . I think she ’s actually Clinton pumped , you want to know the truth ? She ’s getting Clinton up , " Trump Donald Trump Saturday . " She ’s getting Clinton up for Wednesday . " Trump Donald Trump that presidential candidates are " like athletes " and should undergo drug screenings before the next debate . " Athletes , they make them Athletes a Athletes test . I think we should take a drug test prior to the debate , the next debate Donald Trump . " I ’m willing to do it . " Trump Donald Trump out drug policy , Trump Donald Trump about Clinton came as he laid Donald Trump his policy Donald Trump combat drug drug policy trafficking while speaking in New Hampshire , a state that has become a flashpoint of opioid and heroin abuse . The Republican nominee called on the Federal Drug Administration to sped up its approval of "   drugs the Federal Drug Administration " called Trump cap on the number of patients doctors can treat and said the federal government should reduce the amount of opioids that can be manufactured in the US . Trump also said he would seek to further incentivize state and Trump governments to mandate treatment through drug courts to help drug offenders break their addictions , and said he supported giving drug offenders responders’ access to the Trump Narcan , an antidote that can save the lives of individuals who overdose on opioids . 
 