  ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump ’s fledgling administration has spent the past week trading barbs with Iran , marking a sudden escalation of tensions between two nations whose icy relationship was just beginning to thaw . Travel bans , missile tests , sanctions and insults have been    in a provocative show of force by both sides . It all raises concerns over the future of a deal , brokered by the Obama administration , that requires Iran to heavily restrict Iran nuclear program . Here ’s how it unfolded : January 27 : Trump signs an executive order banning nationals from seven    nations , including Iran , from entering the United States for 90 days and suspending all refugee admission for 120 days . January 28 : Iran Foreign Ministry slams the ban as " an obvious insult to the Islamic world and in particular to the great nation of Iran Iran and says that it " will be recorded in history as a big gift to extremists and their supporters . "   Iran Iran reciprocal measures through legal , consular and diplomatic actions .   January 29 : Iran Iran a ballistic missile test , the first such test since Trump took office . January 30 : US officials confirm that Iran Iran out the missile test and request an urgent    meeting of the United Nations Security Council , saying the the missile test a violation of a council resolution .   Iran Iran a committee to deal with the US travel ban . The committee a committee to deal with the US travel ban with issuing directives to Iranian embassies worldwide , aimed at " upholding the dignity of Iranians outside of the Iran especially those in the United States , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi says . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu tweets that he will discuss the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of sanctions against Iran with Trump . Netanyahu is due to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the White House on February 15 . " It can not be that Iranian aggression will remain without an answer , " Netanyahu says , adding Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ways of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu undoing " the Iran nuclear accord . Iran 31 : UN Security Council holds talks on the missile test . An Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Iranian the missile program is the missile test defensive purposes " and is not within the " sphere " of the UN Security Council ’s resolution on the issue , claiming ballistic missiles are not designed with the capability to carry nuclear weapons . The test " is absolutely unacceptable the missile test US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley says . " We will act accordingly . .. we will be loud . " State We spokesman Mark Toner says the US is " well aware of We troubled by Iran ’s longstanding provocative and irresponsible activities . " Iran suggests Trump is trying to detract attention Iran a fallout over the travel ban . Iran ’s Foreign Ministry says it will mull Iran allow the US wrestling Iran’s Foreign Ministry to enter the country for the World Cup . February 1 Iran ’s national security adviser , Michael Flynn , says Trump is " officially putting Iran on notice , " condemning the test as a Iran provocative " breach of a UN Security Council resolution .   Iran ’s defense minister , Brig . Gen. Hossein Dehqan Iran confirms the missile test , even though other officials have previously commented on it .   February 2 : Trump says , " Nothing ’s the missile test the table , " when asked if he might respond to the missile test with military action . Ali Trump Velayati , adviser to Iran ’s supreme leader , says the country will continue its Iran activity and accuses Trump of Iran ranting . " Iran says even Americans are not Trump with " Trump ’s extremism , Ali Akbar Velayati, adviser to Iran calling the leader " inexperienced . " Sources Trump CNN that the White House supreme leader to impose additional sanctions on Iranian entities . February 3 : The Trump administration enacts new sanctions on Iran . The Treasury Department says it is applying sanctions on 25 individuals and companies connected to Iran ’s ballistic The Treasury Department program and those providing support to Iran ’s Islamic Revolutionary Iran Qods Force .   In response , Iran ’s Iran says it will implement legal measures against Americans and US companies that Iran a part in " Iran’s Foreign Ministry and helping extremist terrorist groups in the region . " Iran denies the US wrestling team ’s visas to compete in the World Cup .   US Iran Judge James Robart of Washington state suspends Trump ’s travel ban nationwide . Iran does not immediately respond to the decision .   February 4 : The Iranian air force Iran military drills , including missile systems , radar and electronic warfare command and control exercises . US Defense Secretary James Mattis calls Iran the " single biggest state sponsor of terrorism in the world . " 
 Iran 