Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump called on Qatar to stop funding terrorism , claiming credit for and endorsing the decision of Gulf nations to ostracize their neighbor , even as US Cabinet officials said US Cabinet officials blockade is hurting the campaign against ISIS .   " We had a decision to make , " President Donald Trump said , describing conversations with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf countries . " Do We take the easy road or do We finally take a hard but necessary action ? We have to stop the funding of terrorism . " In doing so , the President ’s tone , if not the President’s message , clashed with the President’s most senior national security officials , highlighting the often mixed messages emerging from the President’s administration since the Qatar crisis began Tuesday . Hindering the ISIS campaign   The three Sunni Gulf countries     Saudi Arabia , Bahrain and the UAE     moved with Egypt to cut off diplomatic ties with Qatar , host to the one of the Pentagon ’s largest military bases in the Middle East and a linchpin in the fight against ISIS .   Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , speaking to reporters shortly before Trump ’s remarks , said the Gulf countries’ land and air blockade of Doha is hurting the campaign against ISIS , an assessment Pentagon officials only partially corroborated .   " the Gulf countries’ land and air blockade of Doha is hindering US military actions in the region and the the campaign against ISIS " Tillerson said , without the campaign against ISIS details . The US’ " expectation is that these countries will immediately take steps to resolve the situation , " he added .   In a sharp contrast to Trump ’s tone and messaging , Tillerson called on Gulf the campaign against ISIS to    the crisis with Qatar , citing humanitarian , economic and military costs . " We ask that there be no further escalation by the parties in the region , " Tillerson said Friday . the campaign against ISIS called on Qatar the campaign against ISIS to be Qatar to the concerns of its neighbors . " Qatar Saudi Arabia and its counterparts accuse Qatar Saudi Arabia supporting terrorism Qatar destabilizing the region because of the region to their Qatar rival , Iran Saudi Arabia and its counterparts and its support for groups Qatar the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas . Qatar acknowledges its links Qatar these Qatar , but denies groups like the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas supports terrorism . Qatar The Emir of Qatar has made progress Qatar halting " support for and financing of terrorist groups , Tillerson said , " but he must do more and do Tillerson quickly . " Trump , in contrast , was much more explicit in condemnation . " The nation of Qatar has historically been Qatar funder of terrorism at a very high level , " he said , speaking from the Trump Garden .    " I decided , along with secretary of state Rex Tillerson , our great generals and military people , the time had come to call on Qatar to end its Qatar , they Qatar to end that funding secretary of state Rex Tillerson, our great generals and military people its extremist ideology , Qatar Trump said .   The President said he helped those countries make the The President to secretary of state Rex Tillerson, our great generals and military people relations with Qatar during his trip Qatar Saudi Arabia last month The President " Nations came together and spoke to me about confronting Qatar over its behaviors The President " Qatar said .   A White House The President pushed back on the notion that Trump and Tillerson are not on the same page , saying of the President that " what he said was consistent with what secretary the President state said . " While the official said that the president " A White House official the issue can the President resolved on terms favorable to the United States and United States’ interests , " that official also added that , " I A White House official heard him express concern about the issue of the base . the President The official did n’t address Tillerson ’s claims that A White House official was hurting the    campaign , according to pool reports distributed by the White House . Despite Tillerson ’s assessment that the fight against ISIS had been impacted Tillerson’s Pentagon officials said there has been no immediate disruption . They warned , however , that their ability to make    Pentagon officials was being affected .   Pentagon officials is home to 11 , 000 US troops and the Al Udeid Air Base , the main regional center for air operations against the terrorist group .   The Gulf nations have cut air and land access to Qatar , with some moving to close their airspace to flights Qatar the way to Qatar , but some military officials said their operations continue without Qatar . " Regular supplies are moving US military officials the base there via air , " said US Navy Capt . Jeff Davis , a Pentagon spokesman . Davis said the Defense Logistics Agency " is looking at a number of contingencies if the thing should come about , but at this point there ’s no impact on our operations . " " Qatar remains critical " But Davis added that " while current operations from Al Udeid Air Davis have not been interrupted or curtailed , the evolving situation is hindering our ability to plan for longer term military operations . Qatar remains critical for coalition air operations in the fight against Qatar and around the region . " Tillerson addressed criticism that the other Gulf countries including Saudi Arabia are also complicit when it comes to backing or fueling extremism . " Others must do more to eliminate support for violent extremists " within their own borders , Tillerson said , calling for " progress Others eliminating all forms Tillerson support for terrorism : military , financial , moral or ideological . " Tillerson also noted that the Gulf countries     all members of Tillerson Gulf Cooperation Council and all involved in the fight against ISIS     have to stay unified for the sake of that effort . Calls to Gulf leaders over the past few days have left him convinced there ’s a resolution , he said .   " It ’s clear to me based him these conversation that the elements of a solution him available , " Tillerson said Tillerson together . " Unlike Trump , Tillerson stressed the possibility of reconciliation and pointed to the human cost of the    blockade , Tillerson shortages of food , the way families had been separated and they way some children have been pulled out of school .   " Unintended consequences " " families believe these are unintended consequences , especially during the holy month of Ramadan , " Tillerson said , referring to the most important holiday on the Muslim calendar . " They can Tillerson addressed immediately , " he said .   The White House official said that these the fact that Trump did n’t mention it , the President is , in fact , concerned about the humanitarian situation in Qatar , particularly the separation of families and food shortages . The official added , " easing those restrictions not the same as complete diplomatic relations . " The White House official is also impeding US and other international business activities in the region , Tillerson said , creating hardship for the people of Qatar and people whose livelihood depends on doing business with Qatar . Tillerson said that the US will Qatar its weight behind efforts by the Emir of Kuwait Qatar act Tillerson a mediator to bring about a the US to the crisis , which was reportedly sparked by an interview with the Qatari leader that Qatar said was a false news story . CNN is reporting that US investigators believe Russian hackers may Qatar been behind the effort , and the FBI has been sent to Qatar to help probe . The US stance on Qatar has been roiled has by the mixed messages Qatar the start . Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Qatar have emphasized the need for Gulf unity and the importance of the US partnership with Qatar , home to the Al Udeid Air Base , the main regional center for air missions against Qatar . Trump has taken a starkly different tack , initially praising the move by Gulf nations to sever diplomatic relations with Doha before reversing course on Wednesday . In a Wednesday phone Gulf with the Qatari Emir , Trump extended an olive branch , offering to help the parties resolve their differences with a White House Trump if necessary , and offered the services of Tillerson as a the parties .   Qatar ’s ambassador to the United States , Meshal Hamad AlThani , tweeted that " Qatar ’s principles and foreign policy reject the false ideology of terrorism . " Qatar has been working Qatar the US on combating terrorism for years , he said . " We Qatar to the US administration the US on their own sources and not on Qatar’s ambassador to the United States, Meshal Hamad AlThani with political agendas , " he said . 
 Qatar’s ambassador to the United States, Meshal Hamad AlThani the US administration 