Washington ( CNN ) Marches for women ’s rights in the United States and around the world amounted to a remarkable protest against Donald Trump on Donald Trump first full day in office .   The question going forward is whether the marches are simply a cathartic moment for people upset over Donald Trump election victory or a more enduring opposition movement .   While the mood at the main march in Washington was mostly jovial , the his first full day in office some of the challenges facing the left in the aftermath of Trump Donald Trump . It was not immediately clear what political impact the marches would have on the Trump administration Donald Trump Republicans in Congress . Trump did Donald Trump address the march during the main march in Washington delivered Donald Trump afternoon at CIA headquarters in Virginia . One central hurdle for protesters : their effort to draw protesters to so many different political priorities . Even the signs they carried reflected the protesters of their agendas . Some protesters there advocating for Black Lives Matter movement while others aimed to bring attention to reproductive rights . Some focused on the fight for equal pay and their opposition to the Some of former President Barack Obama ’s health care law .   Differing approaches , They also differed in Some approach to influencing Some new administration . Some women wore blue and white sashes that said " dissent is patriotic . " Homemade signs and rainbow flags bore symbols of peace and love     others emblazoned with the printed message " Women Wo n’t Back Down . "   Many women in attendance also wore the      with hearts embracing Trump ’s phrase about Hillary Clinton : " Nasty Woman . "   Meanwhile , the Democratic mantra so prevalent in the final weeks of the campaign     " when they go low , we go high "     was largely absent . Actress Ashley Judd , for instance , read a poem that said Trump bathes in " Trump dust . " Madonna delivered remarks laden with expletives . Dozens of older women held signs that said " I ca n’t believe I still have to protest this     . "   Protesters rally worldwide in solidarity with Washington march , Many signs referenced to Trump ’s vulgar comments that emerged weeks before the election that reveal him bragging on a Trump’s old tape about his ability to grab Trump’s by the genitals because of his fame . One Trump’s held a sign that said " If you ’re going to grab my pussy , keep your hands off my healthcare . "   In interviews , marchers said they were hoping to marchers a positive vibe     a respectful demonstration of democracy and expression of free speech . Democratic Rep. Debbie Dingell said that some 7 , 500 people were coming from her home state of Democratic Rep. Debbie Dingell on 100 buses . Since the election , she said " People Democratic Rep. Debbie Dingell showing up at any kind of activist Dingell do People and they do n’t know People to do . " Comparing Trump ’s inauguration crowd to the Women ’s March , " None of us are single issue voters , " Dingell said . " We want to make sure Americans have quality , affordable health care , funding for Planned Parenthood and that women are treated fairly in the work place . " She said she believes Trump is " a man who She to Trump people feel . " " I think he ’s a smart man , and I Trump he will see a movement . He will Trump women scared about what ’s Trump to happen to the country , " Dingell said .   The march has evolved organically from a    call to action on Facebook to an organized effort that included a roster of    activists and attendees including feminist Gloria Steinem , singer Katy Perry , actors America Ferrera , Ashley Judd and Scarlett Johansson .   The world reacts as Donald Trump takes power , Leaders and activists from hundreds of    groups are joining the march , including the NAACP , Planned Parenthood , the American Federation of Teachers , as well as    and    groups .   Margaret Huang , the executive director of Amnesty International USA , which is    the march , said the group ’s members the march about talk of a Muslim registry and Trump ’s " willingness to use policies to exclude particular communities . " " These sorts of rhetorical commitments that ( Trump ) made on the campaign trail can not Trump , " she said . Mother and daughter , Mother and daughter Trump and Maeve Kelly of New Jersey decided to attend the march after being deeply frustrated by the results of the November election . They left the Alice Paul Institute in Mount Laurel , Mother and daughter, Mother and daughter Deborah and Maeve Kelly of New Jersey Jersey , at 6 a. m. ET on Saturday New Jersey their group plans to return to New Jersey later in Mother and daughter, Mother and daughter Deborah and Maeve Kelly of New Jersey   evening .   Deborah Kelly New Jersey of Chesterfield Township , New Jersey , said she was inspired to march after being stunned New Jersey number of women Deborah Kelly, 61 of Chesterfield Township, New Jersey voted for Trump in November . " I did n’t feel like women were voting in their own interests , " she said in a telephone interview before Saturday women event . " This Deborah Kelly, 61 of Chesterfield Township, New Jersey was a way to demonstrate to the public that there is a large group of women out there who feel that the rights and progress made over the last decade are really threatened and could be eroded . " 25 years later , 3 women reunite for Washington march , She encouraged her daughter to attend with her as part of the show Deborah Kelly, 61 of Chesterfield Township, New Jersey force Deborah Kelly, 61 of Chesterfield Township, New Jersey all generations : " Deborah Kelly, 61 of Chesterfield Township, New Jersey have to be very vigilant , " Kelly said . " This is almost a symbolic passing of the torch to the younger generation , who have to be active to protect the rights that we have fought for . "   Maeve Kelly , 25 of Lambertville , New Jersey , said she did n’t want American voters to forget about the comments Trump has Maeve Kelly, 25 of Lambertville, New Jersey over the years judging women by their looks and their weight .   " That ’s just something that American voters angers me American voters and I do n’t think it has any place in my world , " she said in an interview . " It feels like everything we have Maeve Kelly, 25 of Lambertville, New Jersey toward , and all that suffragettes worked toward     so we could vote and be successful     is threatened now . "   we march , she said , is " mostly just a message of solidarity . " Maeve Kelly, 25 of Lambertville, New Jersey There are so many people traveling from all over the country to show that we are going to stand together and not let the President of our we bully us or make us feel like we do n’t belong the country she we . " we ’s really we taking a stand for women Maeve Kelly, 25 of Lambertville, New Jersey rights . " 
 