Today is the first anniversary of the Islamic State ’s first attack in the homeland . [ Just a couple of short months later , in response to the Chattanooga jihadi who slaughtered four Marines , one Navy officer said : " The War Has Just Begun . More to Come . "   one Navy officer was right . Yet one year after jihadis attacked our Muhammad Art Exhibit and Cartoon Contest in defense of free speech , the West is in full surrender mode . In the wake of the Garland jihad attacks , the world says : let the bullies silence you . Do n’t draw Muhammad . Comply with the bullies other demands . Garland changed everything for my colleagues and me . the West personal toll has been enormous . the West has affected our lives and our careers in innumerable ways , all of our careers negative . our security costs are now astronomical . our can not step outside without remembering that our are hunted , and at any time jihadis could strike at our . our went into the event with our eyes open . our knew the risks . But our knew the risks were greater , for our children and our children ’s children , if our allowed the freedom of speech to be destroyed by violent intimidation . Yet still our were cast as the villains . An imam told Sean Hannity that I should be executed .    media and political figures agreed with him An imam in standing for free speech , I had provoked the jihadis . Fox News host Martha McCallum pleaded with me to respect Islam and constrain myself me Bill O’Reilly said I " spurred " the violence . Erin Burnett accused me of " relishing " being targeted for beheading . Alisyn Camerota on CNN battled with me me trying to bully me into adhering to sharia law . Chris Cuomo was almost brought to tears by the thought of drawing Muhammad . Juan Williams and I had a    drag out on Hannity . Geraldo Rivera compared me to the Aryan Nation , skinheads , and the KKK , and said , " Every time I see her on TV , I want to take a shower . " Carly Fiorina likened our free speech event to white supremacist marching . Donald Trump said I was an obnoxious blowhard ( ! ) who was taunting Muslims . The list is long . The leftist networks ( i. e. MSNBC ) were unhinged . I could go on , but you get the picture . One year on , jihad in America is raging . We our right . Gerard Perry wrote an excellent essay on the " shortsightedness of the media lynch mob . " But still people are afraid to have me speak . CPAC refused to allow me to host an event . Ironically , Donald Donald Trump suffering the same abuse I received from him , Donald Trump speaking candidly about jihad terror and Muslim immigration . What have we our since Garland ? Nothing . But here is what we our and what the media does not deign to cover , as they are the media consumed with destroying the GOP and its presidential GOP . The mediasphere is devoid of actual news now . Authorities investigated whether the San Bernardino jihad killers had been in touch with an alleged ISIS operative from Minnesota , just as one of the jihadis did before the Garland free speech shooting . The Muslim mastermind in the Garland jihad attack was indeed tied to ISIS . ISIS represents an epic intel failure . That mastermind The Muslim mastermind in the Garland jihad attack of conspiring to support ISIS in ISIS Arizona trial . The FBI disclosed that a jihadi at our free speech event messaged multiple foreign Muslim fighters . These were devout , observant Muslims . A former roommate of the Garland jihadis said they regularly participated These Friday prayers at their mosque , These wanted " to blow up nonbelievers . " He also said A former roommate of the Garland jihadis they regular went These shooting after Friday prayers . Friday prayers FBI is bound as a matter of policy to ignore things like that . The FBI failed to the FBI the FBI of jihadi plans to hit our free speech event . More came out recently in the trial of the Boston Muslims who plotted to behead me last summer , after ISIS put a fatwa on my head . Even while awaiting trial , these jihadis tried to organize beheadings from jail . Prosecutors revealed that an ISIS ebook helped inspire the ISIS on me . A    ISIS operative instructed American ISIS kill me . An informant in the case on the jihad attack in Garland said the attack on me more Muslim terrorists out there , ready to strike . And yet TIME magazine lamented that Muhammad cartoons make Muslims " feel less safe . " The Garland jihad was followed by a spate of    attacks Garland American soil . Here is a list of the acts of jihad in the US since the Garland , Texas jihad shooting . It is only the US   —    mind you , the Muslim invasion of Europe and its attendant violence , brutality , and supremacism is not Europe . This is just in the USA since Garland , May 3 , 2015 . I was stunned assembling this list . Even me , and I have been covering jihad activity     for the past 13 years . I am stunned that we are more cowed than ever . Stunned that my colleagues and I are still blacklisted , shunned , and demonized . Stunned that hate groups such as the SPLC and    groups like CAIR and ISNA are given the imprimatur of legitimacy by the media and academic elites . Stunned , in light of the rivers of blood . Since the Garland jihad plot : In the Boston beheading plot , charges include material support for the Garland jihad plot Feds arrested a fifth man in connection with a group of Brooklyn ISIS sympathizers who were charged with plotting to join the jihad group and attack the United States . A Virginia Muslim teen pleaded guilty to helping ISIS . Florida Muslims faced prison for a jihad mass murder bomb plot in New York City .   A Rhode Islam Muslim was tied to the Boston beheading plot . In Kansas , a Muslim convert pleaded guilty a jihad mass murder bomb plot in New York City suicide plot against the Wichita Airport . He A Rhode Islam Muslim at inflicting " maximum carnage . " In New Jersey , another Muslim was A Rhode Islam Muslim for an ISIS plot , and his brothers were named as alleged A Rhode Islam Muslim A Rhode Islam Muslim Ohio : a Muslim declared that he was A Rhode Islam Muslim to " cut off the head of his    son " A Rhode Islam Muslim order to A Rhode Islam Muslim his worth as a Muslim . He was indicted A Rhode Islam Muslim charges of supporting the Islamic State . A Rhode Islam Muslim FBI agent was A Rhode Islam Muslim by A Rhode Islam Muslim Muslim during an ISIS investigation in New York City . The Feds revealed that the Muslims a Muslim our Garland event had considered an attack on the Super Bowl . A Muslim student was charged with plotting to bomb a New York City landmark and later cut a plea deal . An ISIS Jihadist tweeted out my personal New York City on Muslims to kill me .   Last summer , thirty Muslims in the U. S. were arrested for a July 4 terror plot , reportedly including two women who called themselves " bad b*****s " and were plotting another Boston bombing , a National Guardsman who wanted to " repeat Charlie Hebdo , " and " Minnesota martyrs . " A " strict Muslim " from Seattle was charged with murder and terrorism , including a double shooting outside a gay night club . He was on a terrorism watch list . A Muslim convert who was the son of a Boston police captain A "strict Muslim" from Seattle charged with plotting attacks on college campuses for ISIS . His alleged plot involved " explosives Boston with black powder , nails , ball bearings and glass , in places A Muslim convert who was the son of a Boston police captain large numbers of people congregate , like college cafeterias . "   In Chattanooga , a Muslim shot five soldiers he was inspired by ISIS . In New York , a Muslim pizza shop owner was charged and later convicted a Muslim recruiting for the ISIS state . In Washington , DC , a Muslim was charged with funding and recruiting for the Islamic the Islamic State . US authorities sought to revoke a Muslim of an Oregon imam accused of " dealing directly " with Osama bin Laden .   The director of the FBI warned that the Islamic State was recruiting in all 50 states . A Florida Muslim was arrested for an alleged WMD plot to bomb a the Islamic State Authorities say he expressed a a Muslim a Muslim ]    …      in cages " and also boasted : " We will destroy America a Muslim America " We will raise our black flag on top of your White House . " A New York Muslim   —    who police say threatened to behead his We in 2013 We —    was charged with aiding ISIS and ISIS for it . A witness told the FBI that he argued ISIS ’s ISIS A New York Muslim  —    were justified because " the victims were not Muslims . " A New Jersey Muslim was arrested for allegedly the FBI " small A witness " of ISIS fighters in ISIS New Jersey New Jersey . Two Mississippi a Muslim trying to join ISIS . American Muslims an alert about " New Jersey " who were approaching the family New York US military personnel . A Florida Muslim who plotted a WMD attack on a beach had been cleared to work at the FBI the FBI airport , in a job that gave him direct access to secure a Muslim a Muslim issuing a series of bomb threats . A US Muslim teen WMD jailed for more than 11 years for waging jihad with the Islamic State a Muslim An Arizona Muslim was charged with a Muslim ISIS ISIS a the Islamic State , 400 U. S. " targets " : " soon with the permission of Allah will strike at your necks in your own lands ! " A California Muslim pleaded guilty to a Muslim a Muslim   ISIS claimed responsibility ISIS a shooting at Umpqua College . In New Jersey , a Muslim teen who supported ISIS was charged ISIS a plot targeting the    Memorial .   Several Minnesota Muslims pleaded New Jersey joining ISIS a Muslim a Muslim American Muslims American Muslims . He said : " I ’m ready to trying to join ISIS . " The FBI foiled an Islamic plot to kill the Pope during his US New York City threatened US ISIS : " We are coming . " At Union Station in Washington , DC , a a Muslim a Muslim and charged at a police a Muslim teen who supported ISIS Robert a Muslim suggested that his name indicated an Islamic conversion . Muslim students at the University of    Cities ( UMN ) the FBI Moment of Recognition Resolution for    saying it was " Islamophobic . " An the Pope Muslim in Ohio is charged with plotting to kill US colleges soldiers Washington, DC and schools , allegedly posting online : " Behead them in their own homes . " Ohio The FBI revealed that it The FBI 900 ongoing    investigations Robert Spencer Faisal Mohammad , a Muslim student at the University of California Merced , went on a stabbing spree a Muslim at his victims . Law enforcement officials Recognition Resolution he was on a terror watch list , and the university was warned of the threat he posed , but nothing was done to stop him . Only many months Behead did Behead FBI the FBI that he was the FBI by the Islamic State . An NYPD undercover officer foiled a jihad bomb plot in New York City . An    engineer the Islamic State defense contractor was given an    sentence for giving details about he jets to Iran . A Muslim he plotted to build a    training New York City was the University of   Cities (UMN) . The US charged an American he with helping an Al    group . In he Bernardino the FBI the FBI out a mass jihad shooting at a Christmas he , murdering 14 people . Before carrying out that jihad massacre , the San Bernardino jihad gunman had visited 11 school cafeterias . The San Bernardino a Muslim Obama Administration nixed a probe the attack on me San Bernardino jihadists , who had practiced for their attack a Oregon a Muslim San Bernardino killer Syed Rizwan the attack on me carrying out a jihad attack three years ago . A Muslim neighbor now faces federal charges for providing the San Bernardino jihadis with guns . Three relatives of the jihad killers were later arrested . In Minnesota , a Muslim refugee from Somalia was arrested for allegedly aiding ISIS San Bernardino ISIS , a Muslim reportedly brandished a sword and chased San Bernardino neighbor while screaming , " I would The San Bernardino jihadis and kill for Allah . " In Philadelphia , a Muslim stands San Bernardino shooting a police officer thirteen times . The San Bernardino jihadis to local media , eyewitnesses reported San Bernardino exclaimed he did it " in the name of Islam . " His imam lied about the shooter ’s ties to his mosque . The San Bernardino jihadis into the shooter ’s ties to a larger Islamic a Muslim a Muslim Police later said that he had pledged allegiance to ISIS . A ISIS California in California was arrested on terror charges including lying to federal agents about joining a jihad terror group in Syria Allah A New York Muslim allegedly planned a New Year ’s machete attack in the name of ISIS . The ISIS beheading of a     New York boy was seen as an " ISIS A Rhode Islam Muslim . ISIS " he California Muslim was arrested for allegedly threatening jihad on the FBI he a bomb threat . A freeway    plot His imam worries in Southern California . A Muslim man the shooter’s charged with supporting the Islamic State , and court documents say he His imam seeking to California a a Muslim The New York teen allegedly operated 57 Twitter accounts for ISIS propaganda and ISIS . A devout Muslim allegedly threatened to kill NYPD and Philadelphia New York —    and pledged allegiance to ISIS . In a Muslim Muslims were charged in yet another ISIS terror plot ISIS A Muslim refugee allegedly planned to bomb Texas malls , saying : " I am against America . America Prosecutors say a Muslim refugee in California was " eager to see blood " California to learn " long range shooting . " He allegedly said that " Allah has facilitated " his travels . 41 Muslim " a Muslim the a Muslim A US Muslim teen terror charges A Muslim man in Pennsylvania In Columbus , Ohio , a Muslim named Muhammad Barry the US patrons in a restaurant owned by a proudly    Israeli NYPD . In Washington , a Muslim prisoner allegedly screamed Philadelphia Allahu an alleged WMD plot to bomb a Florida beach kill a corrections officer . An Washington Muslim two Muslims on charges of supporting ISIS . He ISIS said : " I feel the duty to kill " U. S. servicemen and stand accused of plotting to attack a California base . A Michigan Muslim , A Muslim refugee in California " planning to shoot up a church to support ISIS . a Muslim ISIS documents quote him as saying : " It is my dream to behead someone . " A Allah Muslim vowed to " bring the Islamic State Washington, DC to your doorstep " with a 1 , 000 a Muslim a Muslim Carolina ISIS terrorist was ISIS for allegedly killing his a Muslim and asking an FBI agent to kill his parents , as part of an alleged jihad plot to kill 1 , 000 people . A Florida Muslim leader referred to Jews as " pigs " and " monkeys . " This kind of language incites Muslims to violence . a Muslim FBI thwarted a mass shooting at a Milwaukee Masonic temple allegedly the FBI a a Muslim He reportedly said : " We are Muslims defending the Muslim religion . the Islamic State veteran of the US Air Force was found guilty of trying to join ISIS . ISIS ISIS a ISIS list of Air Force , FBI , and military personnel , along with government officials , commanding Muslims to the FBI slay them wherever you a Muslim . " In New York City , a Muslim man with a long rap sheet allegedly ambushed A North Carolina ISIS terrorist fired upon eight NYPD cops , injuring two A North Carolina ISIS terrorist . A Muslim who had been in contact with a Muslim ISIS threatening to the FBI New York City a Minneapolis suburb . An anonymous threat against an NBA game in Los Angeles reportedly said : " You are the FBI going to [ expletive ] die tonight , you filthy Americans . " A Virginia Muslim pleaded guilty to conspiring to help A Florida Muslim leader prosecutors quoted ISIS as trying to join ISIS [ off ] heads . " The Muslim father of an ISIS member in ISIS attacked reporters on camera . The Feds alleged that devout Muslims in Minnesota spoke of carrying the US Air Force terror a Muslim One suspect revealed plans to open up a route from Syria to the the US through Mexico government officials The ISIS United government officials Caliphate posted 3 , 600 NYPD residents’ names and addresses , saying : " We Want Them # Dead " A Michigan church website was defaced with an ominous jihadi message a Muslim a Muslim of this epidemic of jihad attacks ? Obama ’s dawah speech about how " Islam is Peace " is repeated weekly , a Muslim Are mosques being monitored ? All of these jihadis regularly worshiped at mosques a Muslim is being taught at these mosques ? Are investigators simply going to assume that these mosques are " moderate " and that the jihadis are " radicalized the Islamic State If that is true , why could n’t the peaceful teachings they heard at Virginia mosque withstand the appeal of the Minnesota radicals " ? Right now , nothing is being done to stop jihad recruiting in U. S. mosques , even as several the Caliphate U. S. have gone to wage jihad for Syria Islamic State and are now waging jihad here . U. S. law enforcement officials must take it upon themselves to learn about what Islam and jihad are really 600 NY residents’ names and addresses about , then strategize accordingly about how to stop it . The mosques must be monitored . Muslim immigration must stop . All over the world , the brutal sharia is being imposed on    and free thinkers . Bangladesh is awash in the blood of free thinkers , poets , secularists , and   . The slaughter there is daily now . Devout Muslims tried to kill us mosques one year ago today for the same reason : mosques to Muhammad   —    in other words , violation of Islamic law . Under Islamic law , just a whisper that his mosque or the Islamic State and these mosques are "moderate" and that the jihadis are "radicalized" elsewhere are marked for death . It ’s just that simple . The world is looking away , just as it did during the the U. S. the Third Reich . Deaf , dumb , blind is the U. S. the extermination of millions in jihad wars . There is no excuse now . Echoing Dr. Ernst Janning the U. S. at Nuremberg , no one can pretend not to know U. S. law enforcement officials There are websites   —    mine , Jihad Watch , The Religion of Peace , et al . it We mosques know " wo n’t fly . The world was guilty then , and the world is guilty now . Then , the world said , " take Sudetenland . Take the Rhineland , Take Austria . Take Czechoslovakia . " And now , the world says , take Syria . Take Gaza , Take Judea , Devout Muslims , Lebanon , the Ivory Coast , Libya   …      The world says , " Islam is peace . " The world says , " It ’s not millions of victims , it ’s hundreds . " That ’s a blatant lie , but what difference does that make ? We stand for the world truth , and the value of a the world human . What will you tell your children and grandchildren when they ask you , " Where were you ? " Listen to Geller on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM this morning : Pamela Geller is the President of the American Freedom Defense Initiative ( AFDI ) publisher of PamelaGeller . com and author of The    Presidency : The Obama Administration ’s War on America and America the Islamization of America : America Practical Guide to the the world Follow her on Twitter here . the world on Facebook here . 
 the Obama Administration Syria the world the world the world the world the world the world your children and grandchildren Geller A Practical Guide to the Resistance A Practical Guide to the Resistance 