Republican frontrunner Donald J. Trump took the unusual step of attacking former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush for former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush brother ’s alleged negligence during the terror attacks of Sep. 11 , 2001 . [ It was not the first time Republican frontrunner Donald J. Trump had done so during Republican frontrunner Donald J. Trump campaign . Yet It raised eyebrows , since blaming former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush for    has typically been common on the    fringe of American politics , not in the Republican Party —   much less in    South Carolina .   Conspiracy theorists have long claimed that George W. former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush failed to stop the    attacks , but that he also knew about former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , or engineered Conspiracy theorists as a pretext Conspiracy theorists launch a global war . Trump is not going that far , but rather challenging the GOP mantra that " he kept us safe Trump " as Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said in Bush ’s defense . former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush in the years after    there was only one successful terror attack on U. S. soil , and none from    to 2009 . Trump is arguing that Bush Trump asleep at the former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush . It is clear the Bush administration missed warnings that former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush Qaeda was planning a major attack . It is also clear that President Bill Clinton had done so , as well —   and had also declined the opportunity to kill Osama bin Laden . Bush , moreover , wanted former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush reverse Clinton ’s " " abroad President Bill Clinton and to reduce America ’s role in the Middle East —   a posture of retreat that may have invited further attack . After 2003 , the difficulty of the Iraq War caused more Americans to conclude that Bush was to blame for former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush to stop the    attack . A further attack in 2006 suggested that the number of Americans who blamed Bush had risen significantly , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush 34 % to 45 % . However , a similar proportion , 41 % also blamed Clinton . A plurality of Americans , both in 2001 and 2006 , said they did not blame either administration " A plurality of Americans, both in 2001 and 2006 all " for   . The consensus position in American politics is that both parties were to blame for the intelligence failures that led to    and for the " law enforcement " mentality that treated terrorism as a mere criminal problem . Since 2009 , President Barack Obama has challenged that consensus by returning to a " law enforcement " approach , and by minimizing the role of radical Islam . The question of whether Bush was to blame for    has been a moot one . In the fall of 2015 , when Trump first began attacking Jeb Bush over his brother ’s role Bush analysts suggested Bush what Trump was really    was reminding voters that Trump and W are connected . Initially , the former Florida governor had been at pains George W. Bush at arm ’s length , at his brother’s public . George W. Bush W. Bush had left office as a deeply unpopular president , with the country in financial distress . And voters were skeptical of a Bush dynasty . With Bush a spent force , it is less George W. Bush why Trump would George W. Bush the attack . The issue    when Trump was asked by the moderator whether he still believed , as Trump indicated in 2008 , that George Trump Bush should have been Trump for " lies " in George W. Bush . After his reply , Jeb Bush said : " While Donald Trump was building a George W. Bush TV show George W. Bush brother was building a security Trump keep us safe . " So Trump George W. Bush discussing   . But there was also a tactical value , once again , Trump Trump arguing about   . By enraging Bush , who is lingering in fourth place in the Trump poll average , Trump denied air time to Rubio and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) . And Rubio , in Trump Bush , also defended the Iraq War , needlessly . To conservative critics Rubio Trump ’s comments on    made him sound like a Democrat . But they also made his Trump seem less viable —   Trump suits him just fine . 
 Trump Trump 