Donald J. Trump tried out several lines of attack against Hillary Clinton , at one point calling Hillary Clinton " unfit to be president , " as Donald J. Trump delivered an otherwise noticeably restrained speech to an audience of evangelical activists here Friday . Appearing before the Faith and Freedom Coalition ’s Road to Majority conference , Donald J. Trump promised to " uphold the sanctity and dignity of life " and to " restore respect for people of faith . " But he Donald J. Trump used the opportunity to press his Donald J. Trump against Mrs. Clinton , portraying her Mrs. Clinton arrogant , attacking her Mrs. Clinton policies and willingness to admit Syrian refugees into the country and questioning her Mrs. Clinton as secretary of state . " She Mrs. Clinton appoint radical judges who will legislate from the bench , overriding Congress , and I ’ll tell you , the will of the people will mean nothing   —    nothing , " Mr. Trump said . " She Mrs. Clinton undermine the wages of working people with uncontrolled immigration , creating poverty and income insecurity . Hillary Mrs. Clinton Wall Street agenda will crush working families . She ’ll Mrs. Clinton bureaucrats , not parents , in charge of our lives , and our children our education . " Referring to Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton for Mr. Obama to take in 65 , 000 Syrian refugees , Mr. Trump also challenged her to instead Mrs. Clinton replace her support for Mrs. Clinton refugee admissions " with " a new jobs program for our inner cities . " " We have to temporarily stop this whole thing with what ’s going on with refugees where we do n’t We where they come from , " he said , Mr. Trump : " We have to We a timeout . We have to We the money to take care of our poorest Americans We work with them so they our poorest Americans come our poorest Americans of this horrible situation that they ’re in our poorest Americans " Mrs. Clinton has been calling Mr. Trump temperamentally unsuited for the White House , and he tried to Mrs. Clinton the tables . Mrs. Clinton " Mrs. Clinton even say the words radical Islam   —    refuses to say it , " Mr. the words radical Islam   said . Mr. Trump alone makes her unfit to be Mrs. Clinton . " He has vowed to deliver Mr. Trump major speech Monday attacking both Mrs. Clinton and her husband as personally Mrs. Clinton , and on Friday Mr. Trump asserted that the Mr. Trump that has overshadowed Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign for months had its origins in such venality . the email scandal that has overshadowed Mrs. Clinton’s campaign for months Hillary Clinton has jeopardized   — Mrs. Clinton’s jeopardized   —    national security by putting her emails on a private server , Mrs. Clinton’s to hide her corrupt dealings , " he said Mrs. Clinton’s The claim appeared to Mrs. Clinton’s to concerns that the private server Mrs. Clinton used as secretary of state may have been more vulnerable to being hacked by foreign adversaries than the State Department ’s email system . ( Although the emails were supposed to contain only unclassified information , the department has retroactively withheld some of the State Department’s as classified when reviewing them for the emails in response to a Freedom some of their contents Information Act lawsuit . ) But Mr. Trump offered no backup for his claim that the private server was used Mr. Trump hide " corrupt dealings . " Noting that President Obama had officially endorsed Mrs. Clinton on Thursday , Mr. Trump added , " First time ever Mr. Trump the way , a president of the United States endorsed somebody under criminal investigation . " But that assertion also goes beyond the known facts . The FBI is investigating Mrs. Clinton ’s use of a private server , but agents have not yet interviewed her and it is not clear if she herself Mrs. Clinton’s a target of a criminal inquiry Mrs. Clinton’s A few young protesters interrupted Mr. Trump ’s remarks , shouting " Dump Trump " and other slogans . After they were muscled out by security guards , Mr. A few young protesters called them " professional agitators " who Mr. Trump’s sent A few young protesters by the other party   —    believe me . " Mr. Trump ’s speech Friday came as he is battling Mr. Trump’s footing after weeks of missteps , Mr. Trump’s more damaging than his Mr. Trump’s whether a federal judge could preside fairly over a case Mr. Trump unify Republicans and defeat Mrs. Clinton in November , Mr. Mr. Trump’s noticeably curbed his impulsiveness a federal judge , promising in a prepared speech not to let his supporters down . Still , in a Bloomberg Politics podcast published Mr. Trump’s morning , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Mr. Trump the possibility of rescinding his endorsement if Mr. Trump did not " change directions . " Alluding to what he called Mr. Trump ’s " obvious shortcomings , " Mr. McConnell said , " It ’s pretty obvious Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell does Mr. Trump a lot about the issues . " Before the Faith and Freedom Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump again stuck mainly to a Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell reading from teleprompter screens . But he still Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in his characteristically clipped syntax . " We want to uphold the sanctity and dignity of life Mr. Trump and family as the building block of happiness and success , " he said Mr. Trump " And by Mr. Trump way , I know many , many very successful people . The happiest people are the people that have had great religious feel and that   —    incredible Mr. Trump , children . It ’s more important than the money , folks . Believe me . " Mr. Trump   —    who has been married three times   —    does not hew to traditional conservative orthodoxy . He previously supported abortion rights , and he said earlier this year that Planned Parenthood has done " some very good work " for millions of women . And in response to North Carolina ’s controversial new bathroom Mr. Trump  —   who has been married three times  —    , Mr. Trump said that transgender Mr. Trump  —   who has been married three times  —    should be able to use whatever bathroom where they feel most comfortable . But he nonetheless won the early endorsement of leaders like Jerry Falwell Jr. president of Liberty University , and Mr. Trump  —   who has been married three times  —    evangelical voters during the primary , exit polls showed . Hogan Gidley , transgender people former aide to Gov. Mike Mr. Trump  —   who has been married three times  —    of Arkansas , said that while evangelicals " would love to have a true evangelical in the White House , " they understood that Republicans required a broader coalition Mr. Gidley evangelicals , and they ca n’t win only getting evangelicals , " Mr. Gidley said . " They have to expand the voter universe and so far , Trump has evangelicals an amazing job with that . " 
 Republicans Republicans 