’   ’ "    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has n’t held a    press conference in 2016 —   265 days and counting —   and grumblings    from the press have now built into a dull roar . " ’    Clinton’ ’s campaign has said these complaints are not " fair " since Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton participated in more than 300     interviews    with the media so far this year . ’ ’    " The real question here , " campaign manager Robby Mook told " Face    the Nation " Sunday , " is whether Secretary Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton been taking    questions from reporters , which she absolutely Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . " ’ ’    But there are significant differences between doing a press    conference and holding a     interview : press conferences    are far less predictable and candidates often have little to gain    by submitting themselves to candidates questions    any topic . ’ "    In interviews , by contrast , campaigns trade access to the    candidate for varying degrees of control over the interview    topics , logistics and even the interviewer ’s questions . In this    setting , the power is decisively with the campaigns , which have a    variety of options   —    from newspapers to late night shows to    podcasts to cable news   —    to choose from . " ’    One former Clinton advisor who was granted anonymity to speak    freely told VICE that there is little upside to a candidate    giving a press conference compared to an interview . " A press    conference is just the news of the day and you are basically just    trying to get through it without A press   conference it a A press   conference , " the former One former Clinton advisor who was granted anonymity to speak    " It’ ’s just maintenance for the press . You do A press    because the press yells A press    screams until A press    them . " ’ ’   ’ A press       In an interview , he said , the campaign One former Clinton advisor who was granted anonymity to speak    more control . " If the    press secretary is good , they have an extensive relationship with    the campaign interviewer and can find out what they are going to drive at . the campaign The questions are usually longer ,    answers are usually    longer . " ’ ’       political consultant John Weaver , a senior advisor and    strategist for several presidential campaigns including those of    Governor John Kasich and Senator John McCain , agrees that    candidates and their campaign teams prefer interviews . "    ’s    often less adversarial , " he said . " The dynamic is It’    different . " ’ "       more conversational format of formal interviews also plays to    Clinton ’s strength as a wonk . She will sometimes return policy    memos Clinton’s campaign aides with requests for more footnotes . " ’    Many journalists argue that the openness of the forum and    randomness of the questions make press conferences a vital tool    for assessing    presidential aspirants . The    Washington Post’’sChris Cillizza   that Clinton    " owes it to the public to demonstrate how she thinks on her feet    and Clinton she responds Clinton unwanted or tough questions Clinton The best —   and    maybe only —   way to do that is via press conferences . " ’ ’    But political strategists on the right and the left tire of media    scolds who , they say , care more about getting " ’ ’   But political strategists on the right and the left tire of media    than the    virtues of democracy . " Reporters often perform for their    colleagues in press conferences , " Weaver said . " Humans behave    differently when they are in a    or in Humans pack , whether they    want to admit it or Humans    When Hillary finally has a press    conference , everyone is going to    to the camera . " ’ ’    The same former Clinton aide said candidates he worked with only    participated in The same former Clinton aide conferences " because the pain threshold of    not doing them at some point becomes too great candidates he worked with only   participated in press conferences " ’ ’   ’ ’    Clinton’ ’s reluctance to stand in front of reporters and field    questions goes back to her time as First Lady in the 1990s . Back    then , she faced ethical questions    what she her    were    scandals and her prodding    aides       confront the press directly . When    finally spent 70 minutes at    her press conference in 1994 ,    explained her aversion : " I’’ve her always her in a zone of privacy , and I told a friend the    other day that I feel after resisting for a long time I’’ve been    rezoned . " She promised that she had gained " her much better her appreciation for what’ ’s expected . " ’ ’    But two decades later , in 2015 , Clinton had to reiterate this    commitment in a keynote speech at a journalism award dinner in    Washington , DC . " No more secrecy , no more zone of privacy , " she    pledged . " After all Clinton what good did that do me ? " she asked ,    acknowledging that her Clinton with the    Estate had Clinton been contentious . ’ ’       attempts during this campaign did not Clinton well . The      Q&As with journalists often resulted in negative    headlines and sound bites . ’       In her inaugural press conference in March 2015 Clinton Clinton    responded to reporters ’’ inquiries Clinton private email server    by claiming " Clinton did not email any classified material to anyone on    my email . " Defensively , she    that she was " certainly      Clinton the classification Clinton and did not send    classified material . " Last month , FBI director James    Comey that this was a lie —   that    " there was classified material emailed " —   testimony Clinton’ ’s    Republican opponents have been happy to highlight . ’ ’    Then in August 2015 , the former secretary of state abruptly ended    a press conference after a tense exchange with a reporter about    her private email server . In that    time , she managed to make    headlines for a her joke when the    asked if she had wiped    a reporter about   her private email server clean . " her ,    with a cloth or something ? " she    said . ’ ’    These unforced her have likely contributed to Clinton slipping    back into the familiar pattern of avoiding press    even    though it draws criticism from journalists and Republicans . Her    general election opponent , Donald Trump , Clinton week launched a    daily " Hiding Hillary Watch " tracking the days since her last    press conference . Eventually , a Clinton conference is almost    certainly unavoidable , but her Clinton’ ’s pain    for    avoiding one Clinton carry her past November .    
 Clinton 