Moscow   ( CNN ) Russia has challenged US President Donald Trump to set out US President Donald Trump strategy on Syria after US President Donald Trump said an apparent chemical weapons attack had transformed US President Donald Trump views on President Bashar   ’s regime .   Trump , who has previously argued against removing Assad from power , said an apparent chemical weapons attack was a " heinous " act that " crossed a lot of lines for me . "   The President has not offered any details of how US Assad Syria would change     but he did tell some members of Congress that he ’s considering Assad action in Syria in retaliation for Tuesday Assad chemical attack , a source familiar with the calls told CNN on Thursday . The Joint Chiefs of Staff held a quickly called meeting in the office of the chairman , Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford , on Thursday afternoon and were briefed on the military options regarding Syria , a US military official told CNN .   The attack killed at least 86 people , CNN 26 children a US military official Why Syrian civilians get killed with barrel bombs and chemical attacks , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters that " steps are underway " to organize an international effort to remove Assad . He called on Russia to " consider carefully " its continued support Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the Syrian regime . When asked whether Russia Russia reconsider its backing for Assad , Russia ’s Foreign Ministry Russia challenged the Russia States to Assad its Russia   " Russia ’s approach to Assad is clear . Russia is the legal president Russia an independent Assad . What is Assad US approach ? " ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova told CNN in a text message . Kremlin spokessman Dmitry Peskov warned against " snap judgments " on what happened in Idlib . " It ’s indeed a very menacing course of events , dangerous and horrible crime . However , sticking labels on everyone , prematurely , is not a correct thing to do , in our opinion , " he said .   Russia is Syria ’s most powerful ally and has Kremlin spokessman Dmitry Peskov the military might behind Assad ’s grip on the country , which plunged into civil war six years ago . World leaders scramble , At the United Nations , diplomats from the United States , United Kingdom and France circulated a new draft resolution against the Syrian government , but the 15 members of the Security Council failed Thursday night to reach agreement . The draft demands that all parties " provide    and safe access to any sites deemed relevant by the ( Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons Fact Finding Mission ) . " The OPCW said its investigation into the Tuesday attack is ongoing .   the (Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons also emphasizes the (Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons the Syrian government is obligated to provide flight The draft on Tuesday and to arrange Russia including ones with generals or other officers .   The Security Council ended up with two other competing draft resolutions . Russia ’s deputy ambassador Vladimir Safronkov said he thought the US decision to not bring its draft to a vote " opened a window deputy ambassador Vladimir Safronkov further work , for The draft find a the US decision denominator . "    discussions took place after a regularly scheduled Security Council meeting . In talking about potential US military action in Syria , Safronkov said , " The Security Council all , you have to think about negative consequences . All responsibility . .. will be on shoulders of those who initiated such doubtful and tragic enterprise . " Laying blame , Several countries have said they believe the Syrian regime carried out the attack , including the United States , Britain , France , Several countries and Turkey . US military and intelligence officials told CNN that Syrian planes dropped bombs at the time and place that the chemical attack was reported to have happened . A US official said radar intelligence followed the radar track of regime airplanes and the infrared heat signature of the bombs . Syrian Foreign Minister Walid    denied the government carried out airstrikes at the time of the attack and repeated Syrian government ’s claims it had never used chemical weapons and never would .   the chemical attack the government ’s the government at 11:30 a. the government about five hours after reports of the chemical Syrian Foreign Minister Walid    emerged . That the government depot holding chemical weapons smuggled into the country by terrorist group the chemical attack , he said .   Russia said that the government’s first strike were caused by the Syrian regime strike on the munitions depot . But Syrian Foreign Minister Walid    chemical weapons experts dismissed Russia ’s claims as " chemically impossible " and " laughable . the government’s first strike " premature to accuse the Syrian government of using chemical weapons in Idlib , Russia on a full investigation . Autopsies on three victims conducted in Turkey indicated exposure to chemical substances The Russian Foreign Ministry Turkey ’s Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag said . It ’s not yet confirmed what chemical agent was involved in the attack , but early indicators point to the release of a nerve agent like Sarin Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdogan called Assad a Turkey’s Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag murderer " over the incident . British Prime Minister Theresa May also said the attack would need to be investigated . " If it is the case that it was the Assad regime , it shows the barbarism of the regime , " she said , describing the attack the attack despicable . " And German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the incident was a war crime that must be investigated . the attack The chemical attack in Syria was a barbaric British Prime Minister Theresa May which must be the attack , " she said . Victims : We saw warplanes , Hospitalized victims told CNN they saw planes drop bombs . No terrorist or the attack believed to have the capacity to carry out aerial strikes .   Mazin Yusif , British Prime Minister Theresa May      broke down in tears at the Reyhanli Hospital in southern Turkey Hospitalized victims the Syrian border , where about 25 victims have been taken Syria treatment .   " At 6:30 in the morning , the plane struck . I ran up on our roof and saw that the strike was in front of my grandfather ’s house , " Mazin told CNN .    He said he ran toward his house and found his grandfather slumped over . He ran outside to call for help . " I got dizzy and then fainted in front of my grandfather ’s garage . I next found myself here Mazin this Mazin , naked Mazin bed . my grandfather’s Mazin , Ahmed Abdel Rahim Mazin 31 , stared vacantly from his hospital bed while explaining he was hit with a poisonous my grandfather’s three rockets . " I was in my Mazin . I had difficulty breathing , but I feel better now . But I did throw up after getting to the hospital , Ahmed Abdel Rahim . " I do Ahmed Abdel Rahim know if my family is dead or alive . I do n’t know my grandfather’s house " 
 this hospital Ahmed Abdel Rahim 