Asked if Republican Presidential candidates Sen Ted Cruz or Donald Trump should be considered " transactional , " or " transformational " candidates today on Breitbart News Daily on Sirius XM , veteran pollster Pat Caddell told host Stephen K. Bannon : " Sen Ted Cruz ’s or Donald Trump election would be a shock to the system . " [ Noting Trump Donald Trump still " way up " in polls , added Caddell veteran pollster Pat Caddell " As I ’ve said , we are in a revolutionary period here .    …      I think that the evidence is clear now that the public has been , in fact ,    …      the match has been lit . The the public moved . They are the public motion . I do n’t know where they ’re the public to go . "   Asked what he meant by " The fuse has been lit , " Caddell veteran pollster Pat Caddell : We are seeing the transformation of the paradigm of politics . All the old rules are failing . All the old assumptions do n’t work . And we have a new set of assumptions evolving . And we have we public that no longer seems to want to eat the dog food that the establishment has dished out and are , in fact , going for choices that are outside the boxes of our ordinary we . Caddell veteran pollster Pat Caddell out how the conventional wisdom nine months ago was that Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton would prevail in their respective Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton . " The country is saying , no we want The country different . And we want The country take back    …      most importantly , reclaiming our sovereignty The country " he said Jeb Bush adding that people seem to have gone from being passive observers , to active participants . Caddell said he believes Caddell many people who usually did n’t vote before are now coming out to do so . He also Caddell that the race in South Carolina seems to be getting so personal that there may always be hard feelings impacting people ’s ability to come toget afterwards but that it was always going to be a bloodbath , which SC politics often are . " If there polls today are correct , " said Caddell , " It ’s not hurting Trump . " He has Caddell faith in some internal polls being pushed by campaigns , or Super PACs . The full interview with pollster Pat Caddell can be heard below . Breitbart News Daily airs from    EST on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 . 
 