( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . " The suspect said The suspect was upset at white people . The suspect stated he The suspect to kill white people , especially white officers . " That was the Dallas police chief describing a verbal exchange with a sniper who killed these five officers and wounded seven people at a protest against police shootings late Thursday . " We ’re hurting , our We is hurting , " the police chief said . " There are no words to describe the atrocity that occurred to our city . " _ _ _ _ _ 2 . The shooter was identified as an Army veteran , Micah Xavier Johnson , 25 . He The shooter as a mason and carpenter in Afghanistan . On Facebook , he The shooter liked " a black power group , the African American Defense League , whose leader often calls for violence against the police . After an hourslong standoff in Dallas , the the police him The shooter an explosive delivered by robot . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . President Obama , in Warsaw , interrupted his final President Obama summit meeting twice to comment on the violence in the U. S. Before the Dallas attack Dallas he addressed President Obama police shootings in Minnesota and Louisiana , calling them " the police shootings in Minnesota and Louisiana of a broader set of racial disparities that exist in our criminal justice system . " After the five officers were killed , he said President Obama was " no possible justification " for such a " vicious , calculated and despicable attack on law enforcement . " Here ’s what we know about all three episodes , which have deepened the painful national divide over race . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump canceled campaign appearances and expressed concern for black citizens as well as solidarity with the police . Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton and loss , while Mr. Trump issued Donald Trump for " law and order . " He also made his Donald Trump public comments Donald Trump the police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota , calling them " senseless tragic his first public comments about the police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota " that show " how much needs to be done . " But Texas’ lieutenant governor , Dan Patrick , called the Dallas protesters " hypocrites " for expecting police protection from the sniper while objecting to police shootings . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . The Labor Department delivered some positive economic news . Its monthly report said The Labor Department S. employment surged in June , with an increase of 287 , 000 jobs and an uptick in wages . " Wow , this one takes my breath away , " an analyst in Chicago said . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Roger Federer , above after a fall , lost his first Wimbledon    Roger Federer a rough match that sent the Canadian Milos Raonic to his first Grand Slam the Canadian Milos Raonic . He ’ll face Andy the Canadian Milos Raonic on Sunday for the men ’s singles title ( 9 a. m. Eastern , ESPN ) . And Serena Williams faces Angelique Kerber , who beat her in January ’s Serena Williams Open final , on Saturday in the women ’s singles final . ( 9 a. m. Eastern , ESPN ) . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Britain ’s slow march away from the European Union has produced at least one point of clarity : The next prime minister will be a woman . The Conservative Party has the European Union to succeed David Cameron the European Union to Theresa May , above right , the home secretary ( already called " The Iron Mayden " by tabs ) and Andrea Leadsom , an energy minister , above left . But it will be months before the final choice is made . _ _ _ _ _ 8 .   In theaters this weekend : " Captain Fantastic . " Our reviewer says that Viggo Mortensen ’s captivating survivalist is the main reason to see the film , which follows him and his family into the Viggo Mortensen’s captivating survivalist outside Viggo Mortensen’s captivating survivalist . But she also says the insistence of Viggo Mortensen’s captivating survivalist director , Matt Ross , " on taking your intelligence for granted is itself a great turn on . granted And here are our experts’ recommendations for streaming and TV this weekend . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Finally , one of the fastest creatures in the ocean is the swordfish . Scientists think they have figured out why : Scientists gland at the base of its sword secretes a    grease the swordfish coats its head . " This is the swordfish ordinary fish slime , " the lead author of a new study said . Have a good weekend . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays Your Evening Briefing m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 