South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley stated that while Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio is n’t " for amnesty " Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio is " against Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio Gang of Eight bill " on Wednesday ’s " On the Record with Greta Van Susteren " on the Fox News Channel .   South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley said that during Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio response to the State of the Union , " I was talking about a lot of people , certainly Mr. Trump was one of her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people , but you know , what her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people learned last year in Charleston was , her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people went through a lot of challenges , but the way her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people got through the Walter Scott issue , the way her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people got through the Mother Emanuel issue , the way her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people got through the 1 , 000 year flood was by listening to each other , by making sure that her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people heard what everyone needed , and then getting there . And so I just worry when her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people get irresponsible with the way that her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people talk , her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people goal is to make everyone feel welcome . our goal is to make sure her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people work together . her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people our goal to make sure that her response to the State of the Union, "I was talking about a lot of people have immigrants here coming here legally and not illegally . And so , when you talk about that , you have to make sure that Republicans and Democrats know that their ways Republicans and Democrats talking , their ways Republicans and Democrats communicating , has to be responsible . " Haley added of Trump , " I consider him a Haley . He gave Haley donations in the past , but I disagree with the fact that he wants Haley start using religion as a way to divide people . That ’s not how we ’ve ever done things in this country . " She then turned to her criticism She other candidates , saying you know , " I talked about Marco Rubio . You know , I ’m against his Gang Marco Rubio Eight bill . He is Marco Rubio for amnesty , but I was against his Gang his Gang of Eight bill Bush , Eight bill Common Core , certainly did Governor Bush pass it , but supported it . All those things you bring it because you ’re never going to agree with everyone . And you ’re not going to agree on all things . But what we want All those things you bring up because you’re never going to agree with everyone is say , look , let ’s talk about the issues that matter , we at the end who ’s that right person that can step up on most of the issues that we can all agree on ? " Haley further clarified her comments about Rubio , stating that earlier Haley " what I said was that I did n’t agree with him . I meant what I did n’t Rubio with him was on the Gang of Eight bill Rubio " Haley concluded , " I just want him Haley Trump ] to understand that , Rubio know , our country is made up of immigrants , that is the fabric of America . And we want to make sure they ’re properly vetted and we want them to come here legally . we parents they that . They paid their way , they paid their My parents , My parents they came My parents legally My parents and they ’ve My parents productive citizens . We just My parents to be careful in the we we talk about people , letting them know we are welcome , and for people Republican people , in particular , it ’s important that they know we want more people in our people , we excluding people out of the Republican Party . " Follow Ian Hanchett on we the Republican Party 