  ( CNN ) Donald Trump rose to the top of the GOP presidential field by harnessing the anger of many conservative Republicans about illegal immigration . But Donald Trump has softened Donald Trump tone in recent days     going so far as to say that Donald Trump would favor a "   system " for undocumented immigrants in the U. S. After weeks of criticism over the harsh tone of Donald Trump presidential campaign announcement     where Donald Trump claimed that Mexican immigrants were bringing drugs and crime to the U. S. and calling some of them rapists Mexican immigrants Trump seems to be edging toward a more moderate position . On the campaign trail in recent weeks , Trump has Trump little light on his actual Trump for dealing with illegal immigration beyond generalizations that have often seemed   . Initially , he said Trump would Trump a wall and make Mexico pay for it . a wall Thursday , during a visit to the U. S.   border , he seemed Trump reverse course under questioning by CNN ’s Dana Bash .   " In certain sections , you have to have a wall , " he said Trump   RELATED : Trump ’s    swing by the border the U. S.  border position on Trump     which has been a huge part of his appeal among Trump voters nationally     grew even more muddled Friday when he highlighted his Trump for Trump "   system " for the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the U. S. Though he did not Trump the mechanics of the system in a "  system" for the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the U. S. , it sounded similar to the calls by some moderate Republicans for a path to citizenship for undocumented workers , which has been an anathema to hardline conservatives .   On MSNBC ’s   " Morning Joe " on Friday , Trump insisted that he would secure the Trump first and " take the bad ones "     referring to undocumented immigrants     " and get them the hell out undocumented immigrants     "   " We give them back he would secure the border first and "take the bad ones"    referring to undocumented immigrants    "and get them the hell out Mexico undocumented immigrants     we make sure they he would secure the border first and "take the bad ones"    referring to undocumented immigrants    "and get them the hell out where they undocumented immigrants     from , undocumented immigrants     Trump told the show Trump hosts , noting that he would " secure Trump border " first the border , he added in regard Trump the millions of undocumented immigrants in this country , " I Mexico very big believer in ( the ) merit system . "   " I have to tell you , some of these people have been here they ’ve done a good job some of these people some cases sadly they ’ve been living under the some of these people , " Trump said in his Trump interview . Trump We have to do something , so whether it ’s merit , or whether it ’s whatever , but     it ’m a believer in the merit system . Somebody ’s been outstanding , we ( ought to ) try to work something out . "   RELATED : Trump ’s immigration comments hurting GOP , Romney says , It was n’t the first time that Trump had raised the possibility of Trump’s kinder , gentler immigration policy . In fact , a number of conservative writers have noted the irony of his appeal to the right flank Romney the Republican Party given his moderate statements on immigration , Romney well as abortion , over the years .   In a newsletter to his readers earlier Trump fans , it ’s time for an intervention , " National Review columnist Jonah Goldberg noted that Trump told Fox News host Bill O’Reilly in 2011 that he favored a system where the Romney S. determined which undocumented immigrants could stay in this country on a " case by case " basis . The Glenn Beck program has also cited that interview as a reason conservatives should not support the real estate magnate .   In the 2011 interview , O’Reilly had asked Trump what he would do with " 15 million illegal aliens already O’Reilly the United States . "   " You know , it ’s hard to generalize , but you ’re going to have to look at the individual people , see how they ’ve done , see how productive they ’ve been the individual people see what their references are , the individual people then make a decision , the individual people Trump said .   O’Reilly pointed out that kind of Trump would take a O’Reilly time and require a great deal of manpower .   " A long time , " Trump responded , " but you know , you have Trump great productive people that came in . "   Trump ’s harsh vitriol about immigrants from Mexico in his Trump speech also seems ironic , given his criticisms Trump what he cast as the " " Trump of 2012 Republican Trump Mitt Romney on the topic .   Trump told the conservative outlet Newsmax in 2012 that Romney Trump the Republican Party ’s image with his hard 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney views on illegal immigration .   RELATED 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney Kin of crime victims say Trump speaks for them on immigration , " He had Trump crazy policy Kin of crime victims    which was maniacal Trump " Trump told Newsmax . " It sounded as bad as Trump was , and he lost all of the Latino vote . " Trump Trump that the GOP should develop better policies " Trump respect to people wanting to be wonderful , productive citizens of this country . "   Trump ’s visit to the U. S.   border this Trump a fresh round of scrutiny to his positions     and left more questions than answers . He the U. S.  border once again effusive about his love for Mexico and the U. S.  border he thought he would win the U. S.  border win the Hispanic vote , the U. S.  border because the U. S.  border thousands and thousands of Hispanics have worked for me . "   When pressed by a reporter about what the U. S.  border would do with the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the a reporter S. he dodged the question : " The first thing we have a reporter do is secure our borders and after that we ’re going to have plenty we time to talk about we . "   That dodge once again caught the attention of the conservative blogosphere . The headline on the blog of the conservative Weekly Standard illustrated the perils for Trump on the issue : " Trump suggests he may be open to amnesty . " 
 Trump 