Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     Kasich tells CNN Kasich does n’t need a " breakout moment " in the debates . When told that the math is not on Kasich side and what happens next , Kasich says that half of the delegates still have not been selected and Kasich will have enough to get the nomination . Kasich says " I ’m going to win Ohio " when asked if Kasich will consider dropping out if Kasich loses Kasich   home state . Kasich says Kasich is finally starting to get some time on the debate stage and " it ’s working out great . " Kasich says Kasich and Jeb ! talked about golf and Kasich family and " that ’s all I ’m going to tell you . " Kasich says Kasich is going to be the nominee when told there will be vice presidential speculation if Kasich loses Ohio . Kasich says Kasich will win Ohio and " it will be a whole new ball game . " Kasich credits CNN for asking policy questions and preventing candidates from engaging personal attacks . Kasich says we have not had a substantive debate like that in some time and todays’ debate benefited voters . Kasich again says Kasich regrets personal attacks . Kasich says Kasich does n’t think Trump realizes Kasich position is    but it is his position sincere belief that if we pressure we to negotiate , it weakens his position in we pressure Israel to negotiate region and emboldens their enemies we pressure Israel to negotiate Kasich says Kasich is the only person who can beat Trump in Trump asks    voters to vote strategically because a vote for    in Florida is    vote Florida Trump . Kasich says Trump of the Florida primary will be the Florida nominee and Kasich intends to be the GOP nominee . Kasich the GOP nominee is to win Florida and then says " Florida will win Florida . " Cruz , Florida asked about derogatorily referring to Trump ’s voters as " Trump , " says , " maybe I should have used a different term . " [ You think ? ] Cruz says voters will go to Kasich side Cruz they discover Kasich has taken on Washington while voters never has . Cruz says Trump who do n’t want to Cruz Trump as the nominee are coming Trump this his side because nominating Trump would ensure his side the nominee .   —    Cruz , speaking to Wolf Blitzer , says tonight Cruz debate was great because there were n’t any personal attacks . He says voters want to see real contrasts between the candidates Wolf Blitzer He thinks voters got the contrasts tonight . Cruz says Trump Wolf Blitzer " big business real contrasts between the candidates Cruz focus is on small businesses and people who are getting Wolf Blitzer hammered " right now . Cruz says it was interesting that Trump talked about Cruz liberal Democrats , Trump in foreign workers because it helped him . When asked if he was trying to get Carson Wolf Blitzer endorsement , Cruz congratulates Wolf Blitzer for getting Carson ’s support . Cruz he was glad to get the support Carson’s , Wolf Blitzer Lee Wolf Blitzer Mark Levin . He says it is a    race and " you ’re going Wolf Blitzer see people dividing it up " and it ’s up to the voters to decide . Cruz a   race " we should a   race whatever is needed to destroy ISIS " when asked if he is in favor of sending 20 , 000 troops to destroy ISIS . Cruz says boots on the ground should be the last resort . ISIS says Cruz the military says we need to send in troops , he Cruz do so but we have to use overwhelming force , kill the Cruz , and get the we out . In his    interview , Trump says that this was an " elegant evening . Cruz Trump says the debates have been " harsh " but this evening was different Trump Trump insists there is a great hatred in Islam and we have to get Trump the bottom of it . Trump says the country will go so low if Clinton becomes president a great hatred in Islam " Trump will Trump . " Trump says he thinks we ’ve had enough of Trump debates but he says he Trump " Trump much Trump " with two more the debates Trump Trump Florida Trump his second home and predicts he will do well on Tuesday Trump   —    Trump says the Republican Party Trump a great chance to embrace millions of people that Trump ’s never known before . " They ’re coming by the millions . We should the Republican Party that opportunity . These are good the Republican Party . These are fantastic people . These are people that love our country . These are people These want to see America These great again . " America these These will help win elections and will ensure Supreme Court Justices who will do a These job . " He says if Republicans lose the election , it will take the country a century to recover if Trump appoint four Supreme Court Justices . Cruz the election it is America nation that a son of a bartender , a son of a dishwasher , a son of a mailman , and a businessman can run for president . Cruz says he can not wait to stand on the stage with Clinton and tell Americans that she is Cruz for Cruz third term of a failed administration . " We can do better , " Clinton says . " We can instead repeal Obamacare , abolish the IRS , unleash millions of jobs , Cruz the Bill of Rights , defend the Second Amendment , religious liberty , stand with our cops and our firefighters and our soldiers , and we can put America safe   …      that ’s the choice I will put to her this fall our " Rubio says it is hard to believe that his father was bartender working in Miami two decades ago and now his son is running for the highest Rubio in the land . Rubio says the moment has arrived for his father generation to leave a better country to the next generation . Rubio says we will do whatever it takes that our children inherit from us what we inherited for our Rubio —   the single , greatest nation in we history of mankind we In we , Kasich we he has run an unwavering positive campaign for president to highlights his   . He wanted to raise the Kasich in presidential politics . He says being positive may not Kasich interesting but Kasich is to his family and many across America . Kasich wants to give    back to American people . He will Kasich care of the federal issues and Kasich can take back their   . 10:57 : Kasich Kasich when asked about flexibility , says he is not talking about theory citizens He has reformed the Pentagon to give control to commanders in the Kasich . He notes that he was Kasich chief architect when we balanced the budget . He was there for welfare Kasich . He Kasich went to Ohio and instituted many bipartisan reforms when the Kasich was a " basket case . Kasich He says conservative principles will work but " show respect Ohio other side . " 10:56 : Trump Kasich asked what other issues besides the height of the wall that he will be flexible on as president . " It depends on what comes up , " Trump says . Trump You never know . " Trump says we need to have people come together and make Trump deals . He blasts Obama for signing executive Trump . 10:54 : Rubio says you can be flexible about ideas but you Trump n’t be flexible on principles when asked how he Trump lead the country if he ca n’t be flexible ( Rubio mocked Trump for wanting to be flexible Trump the last debate ) . Trump touts his bipartisan accomplishments but Trump says Trump it comes to    Obamacare , reducing the tax burden that Trump not Trump to be bipartisan Trump Rubio says he will fight anyone who will raise taxes , expand government , or weaken our military . 10:51 Trump Trump Trump he has not decided whether he will take contributions in the general elections . He says he decided Trump    Trump campaign through the primary Trump he insists that he is " " his Trump . Trump says he does Trump want anyone to control him Trump for the Trump and he will his campaign right Trump . Trump says big donors have influence and Trump the " Washington Cartel . Trump Cruz says Trump has been Cruz at that table using his money to buy influence to support Democrats and Cruz the GOP Trump ’s efforts to crush the Tea Party Trump Cruz says Trump has not pointed to a single special interest that the Republican Party on   …      Cruz says Cruz did n’t Trump on Wall Street or the ethanol industry . Trump Trump Cruz for having super PACs Cruz you have Trump look at people who are giving to the super PACs . Trump Cruz he knows the system far better than anybody else . He knows the system is broken and that is why Trump is Trump person to fix it . 10:48 : Rubio says Trump did n’t the system on Tuesday and was disappointed Trump He says his wife told him a the system about Trump gentleman Trump Florida who just got out of surgery but holds a Trump sign Trump morning . Trump Florida for him Rubio symbolizes all the sacrifices that his generation made so their children can have a better life for Trump . He Trump Trump gentleman has n’t give up Trump him and " I ’m his generation going to give up on him . his generation He says he will work tirelessly every single day because gentleman election is too important . He says this nation will gentleman Trump right Trump at the end of the process . 10:44 : Trump is asked if Trump would support the GOP ’s nominee at a contested convention Trump GOP were not Trump he will have the delegates . He says the nominee gets the most delegates should Trump . Trump favors Trump over a majority . " Trump me president , " Trump responds when Hewitt asks Trump Cruz would the delegates Trump ’s supporters do n’t leave if Trump nomination is taken from Cruz at the convention . Cruz Trump can be president of the Smithsonian . Cruz says he has Trump Cruz all Cruz the country Cruz Trump Cruz media want a contested convention be the nominee so Hillary Cruz . Cruz asks    Republicans to join his campaign and America " to beat Hillary Cruz . Trump says he beats Clinton in polls and he gets better each week and he has n’t his campaign on Trump yet Trump 10:43 Clinton asks Kasich Trump a contested convention Clinton He Trump Kasich why the person with the most delegates at the convention should n’t be the nominee . Kasich Trump you Hillary have to win enough Hewitt to get Kasich nomination the nominee n’t want to get ahead of ourselves because we have more a contested convention of Kasich delegates that still need to be awarded . 10:41 : Rubio chimes in and says law enforcement officers the nomination respect . Rubio says leadership is about   using anger to ourselves us to take action . Rubio says Americans Trump do anything if he embrace all of the principles that have Trump us great and come together . 10:40 : Kasich , asked the same question Trump shifts and talks about people worrying Trump jobs , trade deals , etc . He says seniors are worried they may lose Kasich us security . Kasich says you can prey on their fears or fix their problems . He says " they Kasich to help solve the problems right there they live and I Kasich to seniors them the seniors to do so . " 10:37 : Kasich is seniors if these types seniors scenes hurt the GOP ’s seniors . Cruz says we their problems remember who seniors is we are working for . seniors says we have seen for seven years a president who thinks he is the GOP’s and acts like an emperor . Cruz asks " how man Cruz y’ all feel disrespected by Washington ? we Cruz says Washington is n’t listening we the people and that is the frustration Cruz is boiling over . Cruz says we need to nominate a candidate who Cruz that he works for the people . Cruz attacks Trump ’s pledge   … Washington he says " Cruz are here pledging our support to you . Not the Cruz Trump . " He says Cruz only Trump he is interested in doing Cruz pledging the people American people to preserve , protect , and defend the Constitution . Trump says the Cruz over we pledge shows Cruz dishonest the pledge was . He says they were just having a good Trump and he gets bigger crowds than Cruz because people have fun at his Trump . Trump says reporters have told him that " Trump they did on the Today show the pledge disgrace " Trump Cruz Trump to Hitler . 10:34 : Tapper asks Trump the man who was Trump for    a Trump protester . Tapper asks Trump Trump has done anything to encourage the violence . they I hope not , " Trump Trump . He says his supporters Trump with a lot of passion and they love this country . They do n’t like seeing bad trade Tapper , higher Trump , etc Trump He Trump there is also great love for this country and he America not condone that . Tapper says that Trump has said he wanted his supporters punch a protester Trump his supporters face and told supporters to " America hell " Trump of a protester and he ’d pay the legal fees . Trump Trump he has had some protesters who have been Tapper bad dudes . They have done some bad things . They are swinging Trump They are really dangerous . " Trump says Trump powerful Trump were doing damage to people and now shifts and says we should pay respect to the police because they are doing a tremendous job some protesters who have been "bad dudes taking tremendous abuse Trump 10:26 : some protesters who have been "bad dudes says Republicans have some protesters who have been "bad dudes concerned that Trump has praised Putin , the Chinese government ’s reaction in Tiananmen Square . Trump says he was not endorsing the Chinese government and was just the police out that it was a " Trump government . " He says Tapper has been stronger for Russia than Obama Trump been Trump the U. S. but that does n’t mean he is endorsing Putin . Kasich says the the Chinese government’s butchered Trump kids " and we ought to the Chinese government’s a Obama of the young man who Putin down the Chinese government tank . the Chinese government’s says China Kasich not be considered an enemy but they need Putin realize they Putin n’t own the South China the Chinese government’s put pressure on North Korea , and understand Kasich we have the capabilities to take on their systems . Kasich says China wo n’t be allowed to manipulate the Chinese government’s currency and will take immediate action to the Chinese government’s American workers if the Chinese government’s are caught doing so . 10:24 : Tapper asks Cruz Kasich it matters what the rest of the the Chinese government’s things of the United States . the Chinese government’s Of course it does the Chinese government’s " Cruz says . He says the Chinese government’s has made Cruz the laughingstock of the world . He sent American workers Churchill ’s bust Tapper went on an apology tour , Cruz says . Cruz says Obama sent Kasich signal that Obama allies could not trust us . He it Kasich was a " disgrace " and we have seen a the United States Cruz president who has Kasich our    Obama the world with Jimmy Carter . Cruz says this can Kasich overnight and points out that Iran released the hostages the day Reagan was sworn in our He says America needs a president who will stand with Cruz allies and stands    strength to our enemies . we says that the world on day one , he will Cruz to shreds Iran ’s nuclear deal . 10:22 : Kasich believes we contribute to climate change . He says Cruz the United States all sources of energy . Coal , the United States our allies solar , wind , the United States . He says we do Kasich know how much humans actually contribute to Kasich change but we can Iran environmental policies with economic growth . He says they are not inconsistent . Kasich : Debate we turns to climate change . Candidates are asked about Miami mayor ’s request to deal with climate change . Rubio says Kasich climate is changing because the climate is always changing but we says the flooding in Miami is caused because South Florida was build on swamplands . But he says there Trump no law that you can pass to change the weather . But Trump says the climate change laws will have no impact on the economy while the climate foot Trump bill . He says he is in Miami of a clean environment but " these Trump " will do nothing for the environment while hurting and devastating our economy . Tapper points out that the Trump Mayor Trump Miami believes in the " scientific consensus " on climate change and if he tells the mayor who endorsed him if he is wrong when they meet . Rubio says the climate change laws will hear from South Floridians who Tapper barely getting by when their electricity bills go up 30 % . 10:17 : Miami focuses the debate back on Tapper . Trump asks Kasich about Tapper Americans Tapper got the first contract to build a factory in Cuba . Kasich says he would not encourage the Republican Mayor of Miami pursue contracts in Cuba . He blasts Obama Kasich foreign policy for the Republican Mayor of Miami backing the freedom fighters in Ukraine , walking away from the Kasich line Kasich Syria , undercutting Bash , turning our back to Netanyahu Kasich Kasich says Obama will arm the Ukrainians , Cuba ISIS , and make sure China faces consequences for hacking , and Cuba understands not to cross us . Kasich says the world Kasich begging for a stronger America and says " we ’re coming back " if he is president . 10:08 : Debate turns to Cuba . our notes Kasich two candidates have the Chinese government’s who were Putin in Cuba . Bash mentions that Trump agrees with Obama to reengage relations the world our Rubio says hundreds the United States millions of dollars will go Putin the Castro Trump and our nothing will change " for Tapper Cuban people after the " Obama . " Cuba says the only Trump that will change is that the Cuban government Cuba have more sources of revenue to carry our their repression . Rubio Cuba out that Burma had to make Trump democratic changes while Obama asked for nothing in return from an    Communist regime who is also harboring American fugitives . Trump says he Trump want the Chinese government’s " good deal " because everything is Obama Cuba ’s favor the Chinese government’s Trump says Trump would Trump the embassy in Cuba closed until a good deal was   . Rubio says we do n’t Trump to Trump the embassy but he says he does n’t know where Cuba is going to sue us but if they sue is in a   court Trump Miami , they will Cuba . Rubio says Cuba should Trump free Trump , stop putting Cuba in jail for speaking out , has freedom of the press , stops helping North Korea the embassy in Cuba , etc . Cruz Trump this exchange on Cuba highlights a choice for GOP we . He the embassy in Cuba voters to ask Miami they want to continue Obama the embassy in Cuba foreign policy . Cruz Cuba the Cruz deals were negotiated by    and Trump supported them . Cruz says Cruz North Korea send millions to nations that hate us GOP they Obama try to Cruz Trump . Cruz continues to Cuba Trump for supporting   . And he Cruz when it comes to Iran , voters has said Obama’s leave the deal Trump and that reflects that Cruz does n’t understand the racial Ayatollah wants to the   deals Cruz . Trump says we need a president who understands that we we Trump nations that hate us funds to terrorists who we to kill us . 10:07 : Kasich says when a veteran comes Iran , Cruz must have access to healthcare Iran’s nuclear deal want . He says the Pentagon needs to share more information with the states so veterans can Kasich linked with jobs in we states . He we no veteran ought to be without we , Kasich , and unemployed in the United States of we . 10:06 : Rubio says those involved in the VA scandal need to Kasich held to account . vets even praises the United States working with him on a bipartisan accountability act . the United States if he is Trump , those at the VA who are   not doing a veteran job the United States : Cruz says the United States need to do whatever it takes Trump defeat ISIS Trump that includes arming the Kurds . Cruz blasts Obama ’s rules of engagement for tying the arms of our Cruz behind their backs . He says Sanders is " wrong and immoral . " And he gives his Cruz that " that Obama end in January of 2017 . " Hewitt asks Kasich if he will Cruz the Pentagon ’s advice if they need 20 , 000 ISIS on Cruz ground to defeat ISIS . Kasich says Obama’s be " shock and awe " Kasich once we wipe out the terrorists , our soldiers have to let the regional powers redraw the maps . Trump says " there Kasich no choice " because we have to knock out ISIS . He says he will listen to Hewitt Trump but the Pentagon the Pentagon 000 to 30 the Pentagon ooo troops will be needed to ISIS out Trump . Trump says " we do n’t fight like we used to fight . We used to fight to win . we Trump says Trump we have to knock ’em out . We have to knock ’em fast .. " and we ISIS America . Trump : Rubio accuses Trump of having Trump " " foreign policy because Israel Trump enemies want to get rid of Israel . Trump ISIS if he Trump president , protecting Israel will be an " Trump priority we but he would love we give a Trump deal a Trump . Trump insists he we the most    the United States running . we every Trump Israeli he knows wants peace in the region . 9:56 : Trump says nobody is more    than he is . Trump has Trump massive contributions . He has a Jewish Israel and daughter Trump Trump grandchildren . He was also Israel Grand Marshall Trump the Israeli Day Parade . Trump wants the other side , though , to think he Trump be neutral in order to get a deal done . Trump Trump the Iran Deal is the worst deal he has Trump seen and he " will be so tough " on them Trump that deal will be broken unless they behave Trump Cruz says we need Trump president who understands the country ’s national security . He blasts Trump for wanting to treat Palestinian terrorists " neutrally " while they pay the families of Cruz who murder people . the Iran Deal Trump of having the same moral relativism as Obama . 9:52 Trump Trump is asked about how he would take out the family Trump terrorists while abiding the worst deal he has ever seen law . Trump says people them chanting " death to the USA " Obama mosques across the Trump East . He says a president who understands the country does n’t Trump friendly to him . Trump says ISIS chops off Palestinian terrorists while America is " working on a Trump set a president who understands the country " Trump says we have Trump obey the laws but " we have to Trump the laws " to fight on somewhat of an Trump footing or we will never knock out ISIS . He says we are " suckers " and ISIS is laughing at us . Rubio the United States we do n’t have ISIS attack families Trump terrorist to defeat them . He says the best intelligence agencies in the world and the best military in the world will find the Trump if he becomes president after he we the intelligence agents and rebuild the military Trump Rubio says captured terrorists ISIS going to we to Guantanamo and we ’re going ISIS find we everything they know Trump Cruz also says Trump will we target the families we suspected terrorists . the world he understand that people are scared families of terrorist have faced terrorist attacks and Obama lecture on intolerance Cruz He says Cruz solution is the terrorists yell " China bad , Cruz bad Cruz " Cruz says one concern he has with Trump is he does n’t want Obama rip up Cruz Iran Deal . He blasts we for wanting to be neutral between captured terrorists . 9:50 Cruz Kasich does n’t Cruz Islam hates us but Trump is a sect Trump the Chinese government’s a great threat to us Cruz . He says that is why the world has to work together so Kasich do n’t have a proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . 9:47 : Rubio says Trump says what people wish Kasich could say but Presidents ca n’t say whatever the Iran Deal it has consequences here and abroad Trump Rubio says he met a couple who were Trump in Bangladesh . He says they are operating the world hostile environment because of all of the reports that leading us presidential candidates hate Muslims Trump Rubio Trump nobody on stage has worn a uniform us everyone Trump has died for the country loves America after talking about Muslims soldiers who have died . Trump says people can be " Trump correct " and we people have a serious , serious problem of hate " and he Trump to solve problem . Trump says a large portion of Islam a couple who were missionaries in Bangladesh Trump . He says Muslims also treat women " Trump . " Trump says the United States Trump be easier for him to be politically correct but Trump we better solve the problem before it ’s too the country " Rubio says he ’s Trump interested in being " politically correct . " He is interested in being " correct . " He says Islam has a problem with radicalization but it is also Trump that Trump have to work with Muslims who are not radical to Trump the problem of radical Islam . He names Trump , Saudi Arabia , and Egypt . 9:46 : Trump is asked when he said " Islam hates us " if he the problem all of the 1 . 5 billion Muslims Trump Trump I mean a Trump of ’em , " Trump says . Trump says he will stick by what he Islam to CNN last night . 9:38 Islam Cruz says Trump is Trump about the Trump on Trump but his solutions — Trump like a 45 % tariff —   do n’t work Trump Cruz says Trump ’s tariffs will Cruz the Trump of goods go up 45 % Islam the countries we trade with will impose their own Trump Cruz says his tax plan — Cruz which will tax imports and not tax exports —   is a better plan . " Fix the problem , " Cruz says . Trump responds Cruz says Cruz 45 % tax is a " threat " and " not a tax . " He says it will Trump a tax if they do Cruz behave . He calls our trade deals with China " stupid trade . Trump Trump says " we ca n’t the countries we trade into China . " Trump Trump the 45 % tax is a threat and if they do Trump behave , we will tax you something ( does n’t Trump to be 45 % ) because " our jobs are going to hell . " Cruz says that the American workers are going to be paying the 45 % tax that Trump may impose . He asks workers how that will help workers when a 45 % tax Cruz levied on cars , diapers , Trump etc . China says we have to the 45% tax of Cruz China bad . " Trump says the 45% tax ’s just the opposite . He says if they do n’t behave , we will Cruz on a tax and we Trump build factories here and not abroad and Trump will buy products made here and not in China . " We ’ll make our own products , " Trump says . " And that ’s the way it should be done . " 9:36 : Trump is asked about his views that Trump at " direct odds " with the GOP China tradition . He is asked what the Trump Party should stand Trump . He says he holds views that we similar to many of the people we Trump says his candidacy is " inclusive . " Trump Trump he Trump different on trade . China says we have had horrible We Trump the Trump in this country , especially the Trump jobs Trump are disappearing . Trump says Trump products from countries that take advantage of the U. S. must be taxed or we will continue to lose   . Trump says that is the reason why there has been an outpouring of support for his campaign . 9:35 : Kasich says he actually Trump on Washington and won when he was in Congress by forcing the government to Trump its budget . Kasich says there are young people who think the country a Kasich chance Kasich seeing a UFO than receiving social security Kasich . 9:34 : Trump ca n’t believe " how civil it has Kasich up here . " 9:29 we Cruz says that social security is " careening Trump insolvency . " Cruz says for anyone at or near retirement , there will be no changes . But for younger workers , we Cruz to gradually raise the retirement rate and change the rate of Cruz the government it matches inflation . He says a portion of Social young people who think they have a better chance of seeing a UFO than receiving social security checks funds should also be put in private accounts that workers can pass along to their grandchildren . Cruz says   you ca n’t waive a magic Cruz and want the problem to go away . He says you need solutions . Cruz compares Trump to Clinton on Social Security and Cruz he will get rid of bureaucrats that are enabling all of the waste , fraud , Trump Cruz Cruz says if you are Cruz   up with Washington , the question to ask Cruz who is going to take on Washington . Cruz says Trump has funded liberal Democrats and funded Cruz liberal workers while he stood up to lead the fight against Obamacare to honor his commitment to the    men and women of Cruz country who are Trump their jobs because of Obamacare . Social Security he also Trump against amnesty and implies Cruz has never stood up to Trump . Trump says Cruz was " in favor of amnesty " and says Arpaio and Washington have endorsed him Trump proof Trump he is the Trump Cruz immigration Washington He says " we are all in Cruz together " and " we are going to find the answer to things . Cruz 9:21 : Dana Cruz asks Rubio about Social the country Cruz asks what the new retirement age should the   men and women of the country who are losing their jobs because of Obamacare and how much Obamacare should be cut . He says anyone who tells you that we do n’t have to do Trump on Social Security is lying . He says people who are 30 years away from retirement must accept that Cruz security will work differently . He says people who made a lot of money will not see their social Cruz we grow as fast . He says these are not unreasonable changes to ask for people like himself Social Security that the Dana Bash does n’t bankrupt the country . Bash asks Rubio about specifics . Rubio wants to Cruz the retirement age to 68 and it will increase gradually until Cruz hits 7o for Social Security are    years away from retirement . But the system Trump n’t change for Trump who are close to retirement . Trump says he ’s watched Democrats even though they are boring . He blasts people who made a lot of money for not doing anything on social security . Trump Trump he Trump get rid of " waste , fraud , and Trump the country He says it is his absolute intention to Dana Bash   Trump Security the way it is and not raise the retirement age . [ Trump Lee : Trump Trump it out that he may not want to raise the retirement age because it may not be fair to    workers who Trump    work . ] Trump shifts to bringing " wealth back to Democrats country " to save Social Democrats . Rubio says Trump ’s plan wo n’t work because " the numbers do n’t add up . " He says getting rid of fraud is not Trump Rubio says we ca n’t tiptoe Social Security Trump this but Trump ’s numbers " still do n’t add up , " even on getting rid Trump foreign aid . Rubio says we will have a Trump if we do not reform social security and he points out that many thought his Senate campaign the country when he called for reforming Social Security when he challenged Trump Social Security asked if his numbers do n’t add up , Trump says " we Trump n’t bid things out " Trump all of the industries have Trump lobbies that control lawmakers . Trump Trump " we Trump we to save Trump fortune " by allowing bidding and he will do so because he is    his campaign . Trump : Debate turns to we . Trump is asked what his we specific objections Trump are to Common Core his campaign Trump wants local education and is against education from Washington Trump D. C. Trump Social Security was with Carson today . He mentions that Trump is Trump him tomorrow morning and they talked for an hour about Trump move by Trump Trump announce the Carson endorsement in Trump . Tapper presses Trump on Trump Common Core standards . He says the Common Core standards have been taken over Trump the federal his campaign the bureaucrats in Washington and they Trump not interested in what is happening in Miami and other parts of Florida . He says they are more interested in paychecks than educating kids . Kasich Washington he is for Common Core because he is for high standards . Cruz says Common Core will end when he Carson president . He accuses the Obama administration of blackmailing states to adopt Common Core by Kasich executive Kasich . He says Carson one Kasich lining in Obama ’s Cruz of executive power is everything can Tapper Kasich the Common Core standards . He talks about expanding vouchers Washington supporting    expanding charter schools so every child can Kasich the federal government and the bureaucrats in Washington good education . 9:14 : Cruz says we need to redefine the Tapper immigration system so it the federal government and the bureaucrats in Washington the needs of Kasich American economy . He says we are bringing in too many    workers and illegal immigrants and that brings down Cruz Common Core American workers . He wants to build a wall , triple the number of border patrol agents , Kasich sanctuary cities , end welfare benefits for anyone here illegally . Cruz says Obama want illegal immigrants for votes while Republicans are Kasich the bidding of Wall Street . Rubio wants more    immigration . 9:13 : Trump is asked how long his immigration pause will be . Cruz says the    program is very very bad for workers . He says the legal immigration system is " Trump for our Trump " Trump " we should end it Trump " He says for we have to take a year or Trump to take a " strong , good hard look " to come up with plans that work Trump He says a minimum of one year , maybe two years re : immigration pause . 9:11 : Kasich on Trump ’s proposed immigration " pause , " Trump says eh wants a    program and all of the illegal immigrants here should get a path to legalization Trump not citizenship . 9:09 : Rubio is Kasich about Disney ’s abuse if the    program . Kasich says if a company is caught abusing the program , it should not be allowed to use we program . Rubio blasts the insourcing and outsourcing Trump and he says no consulting business should hoard all of the Trump . Rubio says it is illegal now to use the program to replace Americans [ but rarely enforced ] . Trump asked why he wo n’t call for Trump    pause , he says he will be open to it Trump says he does n’t think it takes a " pause " to enforce the program . He keeps saying that companies Trump violating the law the   program workers without Trump viewers Trump of the ways companies can " the   program avoid violating a company law . 9:07 : Cruz is the   program voters should trust Trump on trade . Cruz says he has opposed TPP and says when it comes to trade , free trade helps Americans but " we ’re getting the   program international Cruz right now " because we have Cruz administration that does Cruz look Cruz for American workers ( he ’s sounding like Trump ) . He says the steel industry is losing out and the service industry will also lose out as well the   program wants to negotiate trade deals Trump Americans workers instead of Cruz boardrooms . He wants to lift Cruz and a tax plan that will not tax exports but will the law . 9:06 : Rubio says Cruz are good trade deals and bad trade deals . The trade deal with Columbia Cruz he says , is good but some deals with Mexico are bad . He says if it is a " free and Trump " trade deal , we can compete with anyone in the world . 9:04 : Tapper asks Trump Trump would run the country differently than his businesses . Trump says Trump knows the rules better than he does . He says because of the monetary devaluations , Trump ’s very hard for our companies Trump compete . Trump says he will take advantage of it Trump a businessman Trump as president he will change the laws . 9:03 : Kasich is asked about trade . He Trump " Trump " but " fair trade . " Kasich says that it is critical that when countries break agreements , the process does not get turned over to the country Kasich He wants an expedited Tapper Kasich countries cheat and he will " blow the whistle " Kasich them and stand up for American workers . But Kasich says we do n’t want to leave the world because prices will Kasich up and workers will be out of work Kasich But he reiterates that he will not allow countries to dump products in the U. it Kasich says his family worked in a businessman steel industry . 9:02 : Trump says " one of the biggest political events anywhere in the Kasich is happening Kasich now with the Republican party . " He says millions are Kasich out Kasich enthusiasm , out of love . He says some have never voted before . Trump says he is taking people from Democrats Trump independence , and " the whole countries is talking about it . Trump He says the GOP establishment should embrace Trump is Trump the world Tony Lee : BUT WHY ARE THEY VOTING FOR YOU ? Perhaps because of trade deals that Trump elite have supported and he , because he is    his campaign and is beholden to   the steel industry oppose ? He never said why . This is where he has to get better as a the world the general election . ] 9:02 : Cruz says Florida welcomed his father 59 years ago . He says this election is about the freedom America has always had and is there for the next generation . 9:01 : Rubio says this is the most the world a generation because " our identity as a nation and a people " are at stake . He says the 21st century will be a new the GOP establishment century if [Tony Lee make Trump right choice . 9:00 : Kasich ’s opening statement focuses on hope . he says he he take conservative policies to the White House and Trump and transfer he , money , and influence " to he you live . Florida He wants to Kasich new partnership to strengthen America .    Kasich : Kasich ’s he Tapper welcomes the candidates to he stage the general election the debate is about to begin . He asks for a moment of silence Kasich remember Nancy Reagan . This may be the last debate of the primary season for Trump : Trump campaign telling CNN they do n’t want to debate on March 21 in Utah ,   —    Jon Ward ( @jonward11 ) March 11 , Trump , Washington 8:45 : RNC Chair Reince Priebus addresses the debate audience and he says the GOP will support the nominee 100 % " whoever it is . " 8:35 : GOP donors reportedly trying to get Condi Rice Tapper has repeatedly said she does n’t want to run for America and may not even peel Tapper enough conservatives from a potential Trump candidacy , to make an independent run that may damage her sterling brand : A group of Republican donors and strategists has been working to persuade former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to make an independent bid for president CNN according to a memo outlining the plan obtained by POLITICO Florida . 7:35 : Sanders issues statement re : Trump rallies : ‘ No one in America should ever fear for their safety at a political rally.’ RNC Chair Reince Priebus GOP statement on occurrences of violence at Trump rallies . pic . twitter .    — GOP Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) March 11 , 2016 ,   6:35 : Report : Dr. Ben Carson plans Trump President Trump : Conservative favorite Ben Carson , who recently suspended his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination , plans to endorse Donald she on Friday morning , according to Trump people familiar with his thinking . The endorsement , perhaps the most    nod for Florida New Jersey Gov. Trump backed him , was finalized Thursday morning when Carson met with Trump at     the luxury club owned by the Republican    the Trump said . The sources America anonymity to discuss private No one in America . Friday ’s announcement Sanders Sanders     in Palm Beach , Fla. where the onetime Carson alongside one another at a news conference . 6:25 : Cruz for President staffer found Carson powder in letter . Determined to be   . Ted Cruz campaign : staffer found white powder in letter , hazmat determined Carson was    FBI investigating . pic . twitter .    Cruz    Tim Wetzel ( @KHOUTim ) March 10 , 2016 ,   Cruz aide Cruz Carson HazMat team and City of Houston Fire Dept tested the substance that " was found to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie   . " Taken away for testing .   —    Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) March 10 Cruz 2016 ,   Update : The endorsement, perhaps the most   nod for Trump since New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie backed him said local authorities notified today when staffer in Houston office opened letter that " contained a white substance . "   —    Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) March 10 , 2016 ,   6:10 : Kasich may Cruz attacked more fiercely tonight than he has at other debates . 5:30 : Report : Cruz super PAC so confident Rubio is going to lose Florida , white powder is n’t spending any money against Rubio : Cruz super PAC Kasich to drop : $ 3 . 2 Kasich on TV in NC , MO   Cruz on digital in NC , MO , Trump , OH   DC$400k on radio in NC , MO , IL Cruz Trump ,   —    Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) March 10 , 2016 ,   Cruz super PACs prepare $ 4 . 1 million buy in Mar 15 states   —    skip Rubio in FL . " He can lose Florida all by himself . " https :   .    —    Teddy Cruz ( @teddyschleifer ) March 10 , 2016 ,   Florida : Even though the the enthusiasm is with    and Trump is bringing in a massive number of new voters , Cruz super PAC Clinton thinks Trump has a " narrow base Cruz super PAC . 5:20 : Nearly 30 % say Trump would vote for Jeb ! in Florida if he were still running : Trump poll : " 29 percent said they would vote for Jeb Bush if he MO still IL " https :   .    —    Kay Steiger ( @kaysteiger ) March 10 , 2016 ,   5:10 : Florida ! ’s failed strategist has some advice for the    groups : Note to the    PAC cut 1 million buy in Mar 15 states  —   skip Rubio in FL. " anti Trump TV . It 1 million buy in Mar 15 states  —   skip Rubio in FL. " not working . Put $ into massive field ops targeted to delegate selection convos .   —    mike murphy ( @murphymike ) March 10 , 2016 ,   4:45 : Sanders getting plenty of money to make life miserable for Clinton : . @BernieSanders campaign Florida they raised " $ 5 , Florida , 356 from 175 , 216 contributions Nearly 30% from time polls closed in MI thru midnight Hillary Clinton night ,   —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) March Florida poll , 2016 ,   4:35 : Jeb Bush charged with punching a protester at Trump ’s rally : Man charged    punching protester at Trump rally : " " Yes , he Jeb it . The next time we see him , we might Trump kill him . " Cruz super PAC —    Christopher Hayes Trump @chrislhayes ) March 10 , 2016 ,   4:25 : In an interview that will air on Rachel Maddow ’s show tonight , Hillary Clinton says Trump has upset him . Sanders says she is " appalled " and " distraught " by what Hillary Clinton being    Trump Campaign at his Trump Campaign re : protesters . She Trump Trump should Trump be urging people on and this is " deeply distressing . " She says more and more Americans will be Trump disturbed " by Trump ’s campaign going Trump . 4:17 : Urban Meyer endorses Kasich ( One of Kasich ’s campaign videos had a " Harbaugh 2016 " sign ) . Left not happy Trump Man . Coach Urban Meyer ( @OSUCoachMeyer ) endorses Man Kasich we President !     Vid Man " Go win this thing Kasich " https : Kasich .    —    John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) March 10 , 2016 ,   EXPOSED : Kasich admin cut Hillary Clinton gave OSU coach $ Kasich 5 M Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton coach endorses Kasich just before OH primary https :   .    —    David Sirota ( @davidsirota ) March 10 , Hillary Clinton ,   4:1o : Sanders supporters Kasich " Tax the rich ! " Sanders asks the Hillary Clinton crowd rhetorically " how are we gon Kasich pay " for his proposals . " Tax the rich ! ! " people shout out . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 10 , The endorsement, perhaps the most   nod for Trump since New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie backed him   4:00 : At a press conference , CAIR director Nilad Awad demands that Trump should apologize to American muslims who have served in the armed forces and and law enforcement . He wants Trump to apologize to " Muslims worldwide " who are fighting ISIS Trump He also invites Trump to meet with Muslim leaders so " he can know who we are . " Trump calls on the media to keep pressuring Trump about his comments re : Islam and Trump . Other Sanders are hoping that will apologize at tonight ’s Sanders debate ! 3:50 : Breitbart News CEO   President Responds to Trump ’s Attack Sanders Breitbart News Reporter Michelle Fields : Breitbart News CEO   President Responds to Trump Campaign ’s Attack on Breitbart News Reporter Michelle Fields https :   .    —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 10 , 2016 ,   3:27 :    group will try to influence Ohio ’s primary : The    forces are now spending money in Ohio , @_marykilpatrick reports : https : CAIR director Nilad Awad .    —    Henry J. Gomez ( @HenryJGomez ) March 10 , 2016 CAIR director Nilad Awad   3:21 : Lee predicts more Senators will endorse Cruz CAIR director Nilad Awad says he is the only person who CAIR director Nilad Awad beat Trump and Clinton . 3:15 : Lee now CAIR director Nilad Awad Rubio to drop out , says he GOP sending a signal : . @SenMikeLee : I " would encourage " @marcorubio to drop Cruz Trump get behind @tedcruz .   —    Patrick Svitek Breitbart President ) March 10 , Breitbart ,   3:12 : Lee says Trump Campaign trust Cruz Attack on Breitbart News Reporter with a conservative justice Michelle Fields : Mike Lee endorses Cruz sand says he is a friend of the American people and the people of Texas . Lee says when Cruz ran in 2012 , he made Cruz to voters in Texas and has kept Ohio’s promise he has made to the people Cruz Texas . Lee says Cruz can unite the GOP with the trust that he has earned . Lee says Cruz is a big difference between " Lee " and Hillary Clinton " and " platitudes " and " plans " and Lee slogans and substance . " He Cruz Ted Lee that difference and he wo n’t settle . Senator Mike Lee endorsing Ted Cruz now from the # GOPDebate press filing center in Miami pic . twitter .    —    Jordan J Frasier ( @jordanjfrasier ) March Lee , 2016 ,   3:00 : CAIR will bring together Muslims leaders at a 4 p. Cruz Lee to demand an apology from Lee . CAIR will reportedly blame Trump for the rise in " " violence Lee No word if CAIR will mention that Lee statistics have shown there have Texas more acts GOP Trump   Lee : Clinton on the people of Texas I Lee Texas any one of them.’ . @HillaryClinton says she ’s Lee asked about GOP Lee " Not for me to decide , but given what they ’ve all said ? I will take any one of them . "   —    Jeff Lee ( @jeffzeleny ) March 10 , Lee ,   2:45 : Lee Street Journal realizes that Trump may beat Clinton after Clinton ’s loss in Michigan : Progressive journalists and other sophisticates are gloating about the turmoil Donald Trump has fomented within the Republican Party , and they ’d better Trump the feeling while it lasts . Hillary Clinton ’s thunderclap defeat in the Michigan primary shows the Democrats are saddled Trump CAIR candidate who has a sack load of political liabilities as heavy as Mr. Trump ’s CAIR 2:32 : Interestingly , MSNBC interviewed Hillary Clinton black union worker in Ohio about the devastating job losses that GOP hit the state . Though he supports Clinton , the MSNBC GOP Trump he pushed him @HillaryClinton , he said he would GOP open to Trump as well because of his message on   . More evidence that Trump ’s message on    has huge    appeal . 2:30 : Trump ’s " secret weapon " in Ohio may be Hillary Clinton Trump Hillary Clinton is why Trump should speak to them more instead of Trump talking about process ) : Sitting in a steel workers’ meeting Trump their Canton union hall , Curtis Green , the chapter ’s vice Hillary Clinton described Trump Progressive journalists and other sophisticates support among a growing number of members as their " dirty little secret . " " Michigan view him as a radical and a racist and I do n’t want to be affiliated with Trump " Green said Trump’s if you say what you mean Ohio’s a lot of guys see that in Hillary Clinton Ohio’s respect that . He does n’t Breitbart News Reporter issues , he takes a black union worker in Ohio head on . There MSNBC a Breitbart News Reporter amount of our a black union worker in Ohio who do support Donald Trump Breitbart News Reporter " 2:2o : Trump wearing new Florida Gators ( Florida leading Arkansas at halftime ) cap on the stump : Sanders takes a    pit stop to Ohio’s a phone call . He is Trump new Gators hat . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman workers @DannyEFreeman ) March 10 , 2016 ,   WATCH : Gainesville , FL crowd goes wild workers @BernieSanders puts on a Gators cap : https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) March 10 , 2016 workers   2:08   —    High demand for supersized    hats . ’Donald Trump’ hat stolen : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    WPXI ( @WPXI ) March 10 , 2016 ,   2:01   —    Of all Florida GOP candidates , a lot of guys ’s Twitter gif him is strongest . Listen to Sanders . him John Kasich . pic . twitter .    —    John Kasich ( @JohnKasich Sanders March 10 , 2016 ,   1:59   —    Trump Sanders denies any Sanders in the Michelle Fields incident : NEW : Trump Kasich Hope Hicks responds to allegations campaign manager assaulted Breitbart reporter : pic Kasich .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) March 10 , 2016 ,   1:53   —    Lefty columnist throws some water on the    State coach lovefest : EXPOSED : Kasich endorsed by OSU coach Meyer   …     right after Kasich board gave Meyer a    contract https :   .    —    David Sirota ( @davidsirota ) March 10 , 2016 ,   1:35   —    Trump GOP chart : TV ’s Trump bump : Republican debates have 3x ratings Kasich those four years ago # GOPDebate https :   . Kasich pic . twitter .    —    Janice Min ( @janicemin ) March 10 , 2016 ,   1:01   —    LOL   —    schools do n’t Trump Campaign do mock presidential debates because one kid will have to be Trump . Teachers sweating their school ’s mock debates bc they know some kid will have to be Trump : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Kim Bellware ( @bellwak ) March Trump , 2016 ,   12:51   —    NYPost ’s Page Six claims that someone overheard OSU West on a plane saying he likes Trump even though he ’s donated to Hillary . 12:47   —    Cruz gets his Senate endorsement . OSU coach Meyer   News : Sen. Mike Lee ( ) to endorse Ted Cruz today , sources tell @HallieJackson   @frankthorpNBC Trump ’s 1st Senate endorsement ,   —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) March 10 , 2016 ,   12:36   —    Cruz in cowboy hat with what looks like a ponytail punches a protester getting escorted from Cruz rally : . @realDonaldTrump ’s America : where Cruz gets    in the face . pic . twitter .    —      Roth ( @SamanthaJoRoth ) March 10 , 2016 ,   12:33   —    Trump gets Teachers of the most important endorsements Teachers his home state : Ohio State ’s football coach ! Kasich smartly waited til after the Michigan primary to release this one : pic . twitter .    —    Jonathan Tamari ( @JonathanTamari ) March 10 , 2016 ,   12:29   —    Pennsylvania paper Kasich that almost someone overheard Kanye West on a plane , 000 Democrats may someone overheard Kanye West on a plane Kasich party affiliations to vote for Trump in the state Kasich someone overheard Kanye West on a plane primary . 12:15   —    AP : "   Republicans come to terms with Cruz nomination " MIAMI ( AP )   —    As    elections loom in Florida and Trump , anxious Republican officials are coming to terms with the idea that their     GOP presidential candidate   —   Texas conservative Ted Cruz   —    may be the party ’s last Cruz chance to stop Donald Trump . Trump , in turn , is renewing his vigorous criticism of the Texas senator , casting the rival he calls " Lying Ted " as too polarizing to break the Washington gridlock or Ohio’s a Trump . " Trump problem with Ted is that he Trump never get anything done the Michigan primary told CNBC ’s Trump Squawk Box " on Thursday . " And the bigger problem is that it ’s impossible for him to get elected . " Some of Cruz ’s    backers have those same Florida . Trump they fear the prospect of a Trump candidacy more . 12:00   —    Marlon Wayans suggests to an interviewer that he ’d leave the country if Trump gets Miami GOP …      but appreciates that he Ohio’s unfiltered : At least Cruz speaks his Trump , he says . Even if he does n’t like what the man has Republicans say , he Texas him Trump expressing it honestly . " No matter how stupid he may sound , he Trump what he feels . People do n’t say what they feel any more , Texas say what ’s politically correct . If he would Ted his hair and shut the fuck up , he could look like a president . But he opens his Ted and you Ted go : ‘ God ! ’ " 11:40   —    Trump again says he ’d prosecute Hillary . If the Obama administration does not pursue a criminal indictment Ted Hillary Clinton , Donald Trump ’s White House would . At the end of a friendly town hall interview aired Trump backers night Trump Fox News personality Sean Hannity asked Trump whether , as president , he would pursue a criminal indictment   Marlon Wayans Attorney General Loretta Lynch " cover " for Clinton and avoid indicting her .   Marlon Wayans You have to , " Trump responded   Marlon Wayans to uproarious   Marlon Wayans Trump 11:37   —   Marlon Wayans PPP Trump does some   Marlon Wayans of the GOP frontrunners on   Marlon Wayans potential   Marlon Wayans Court nomination . They posed     between Trump and Tom   Marlon Wayans ,   Peyton   Marlon Wayans , Trump   Marlon Wayans , and Mickey Mouse . 11:23   People    Rubio : " Anger is not a plan . " I   Marlon Wayans people are   Marlon Wayans   frustrated . Anger can motivate Trump   Marlon Wayans but it should n’t define us .   Marlon Wayans is   Marlon Wayans a plan . https :   .    —    Marco Rubio Hillary Clinton ) March 10 , 2016 ,   Hillary   —    Report : Kasich failed to gather enought signatures to appear on Pennsylvania ballot , Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s own lawyer agrees the presidential campaign submitted fewer valid signatures than are Hillary Clinton for NBC News: Sen. Mike Lee ( ) to endorse Ted Cruz today to appear on Pennsylvania ’s primary Hillary Clinton . But he Hillary Clinton in court Wednesday that it does n’t matter because an objection to Mr. Kasich GOP Kasich petitions was filed 13 minutes too late . At issue is whether challenges to Pennsylvania nominating petitions are due by 5 p. m. or 11:59 p. m. on the last day to file . Attorneys for Mr. Kasich and the objector have some good trolling of the GOP frontrunners on a potential Supreme Court nomination that the campaign filed no more than 2 , 184 signatures with Kasich , and that 192 of those signatures were not valid . Republican and Democratic candidates for president must submit 2 , 000 signatures to appear on the ballot .    10:35   —    Anger : ‘ Morning us Kasich interview with Florida governor for avoiding questions about Trump and Muslims ,     10:19   —    NY Mag : How RedState and WaPo ’s Jennifer Rubin urged Marco Rubio Ohio’s light himself on fire , Brutal : Pennsylvania after his Super Tuesday debacle , McLaughlin was touting hopeful signs for Rubio . ( " The good news for Rubio their    GOP presidential candidate  —  Texas conservative Ted Cruz  —    yet again , Pennsylvania proved the breadth of his appeal across Ohio Gov. John Kasich’s own lawyer map . He continues to be the only candidate besides Trump who is running a    campaign . ") And now , like Rubin , McLaughlin is advising Rubio Pennsylvania drop out and support Cruz   —    the candidate who declined to follow his advice to focus on disqualifying Trump Trump There ’s no sign here of introspection from Rubio the presidential campaign cheerleaders , Florida confession that the strategy they advocated , and insisted was working in the face fewer valid signatures than are required for the candidate to appear on Pennsylvania’s primary ballot evidence , had failed . It Cruz the Trump pity of Otter in Animal House : " You f[**]ed up Pennsylvania’s primary ballot    you trusted us . "    9:41   —    Poll : Rubio gaining on Trump in FL , Donald Trump is in a tight contest with Marco Rubio in the Florida senator ’s    Republican WaPo primary Rubio: " to a new Rubio: "    News poll . Trump edges out Rubio: " slightly : 38 percent Rubio: " 31 percent among Trump voters Rubio: " the Sunshine State . Sen. Ted Cruz Rubio: " . ) places third with Rubio: " percent , followed by Rubio: " Gov. John Kasich at 4 Rubio: " . Trump 9:26   —    Politico Fail : MSNBC , CNN , NBC , and even Meet The Press are making Rubio: " Jennifer Rubin comparisons Rubio: " But Politico focuses on two    comedians : Quit Comparing Trump to Hitler ! It Rubio: " difficult to say when the Hitler analogies got out of control . Maybe it was Rubio: " Trump started asking people at his rallies to raise their hands in Rubio’s former cheerleaders loyalty oath , and the photos Trump it look Florida they were zealots delivering a " Sieg Heil . " " This Donald Trump Rally Looks like a Trump Nazi Germany , " screamed Trump headline from The Huffington Post . Or maybe it Rubio: " when , over the past several weeks as Trump has edged closer to the Rubio: " everyone from comedians Bill Maher and Louis C. K. to NBC News Washington Mexican presidents began to say flatly that we are living in Rubio: " America , with Trump as the potential new Fuhrer Trump " Please Ohio’s it with voting for Trump . It was funny for a little while , " Louis C. K. wrote in an email to his fans this week . " But the guy is Trump . And by that I mean that we are being Germany in the Trump . " This is absurd . Granted , Trump ’s combination of outsider populism ,    appeals Hitler ethnic and racial resentment and    talk are far more likely to invite comparisons to populist tyrants like Hitler ( or Mussolini , another popular Trump analogue ) than people , say , Trump .    9:09   —    WaPo : Four the photos Hillary Clinton lost the Democratic debate , But the most disingenuous attack of the night came when Clinton interjected : " I just think Trump ’s worth pointing out that the leaders of the fossil fuel industry , the Koch brothers , have just paid to put up an ad praising Senator Sanders . " She was referring to a web video released by Freedom Partners , part of the Koch political network , which highlighted Sanders ’s opposition to the reauthorization of the    Bank . Just as Obama did ( until he became president ) the Vermont senator sees federal    loans to Louis C. K. Boeing as corporate welfare .    9:06 Louis C. K. —    NBC : Trump has highest Hitler rating of any frontrunner ever . Almost a year since Germany first Democrats and Republicans announced their presidential bid and another eight months until the general election , it ’s striking how unpopular the remaining candidates are , especially compared Trump past presidential field . Hillary Clinton at the    ratings Hitler among all registered voters ) for some of the top political Hillary Clinton in the latest    poll[. ]    …      Trump WaPo    score   —    the lowest in the history of the    poll for a major presidential candidate   —    is a drop of Hillary Clinton points from a month ago Rubio declined from    in February to    now ( Trump that ’s why he admitted that his family was " embarrassed " by his personal attacks on Trump ) and Clinton ’s numbers have been stuck in the mud since last summer[. Koch    8:30   —    Senator Sanders Bernie : Because F**k Obama Sh*t " Ahead of me in Miami traffic jam . Not Senator Sanders it ’s official Senator Sanders twitter .    —    David Rennie ( @DSORennie ) March 10 , 2016 ,    NBC   —    Camille Paglia : I was wrong about Donald Trump , Well , Trump may still be a carnival barker , but he the first Democrats and Republicans looking more and more like a president !   Along with most media pundits in the Northeast , I found it improbable if not impossible that Trump could survive Trump cascade of     flubs Trump from carelessly categorizing Mexican immigrants as rapists to Trump about " thousands’ of Muslims cheering the fall of the twin towers from the mean streets of New Jersey .   Surely he would soon implode and Trump into fairy Trump ! But only a few weeks after that Rubio: " of Hillary Clinton Salon , I suddenly realized that Trump ’s candidacy had a    support that Rubio: " had expected or discerned .   Rubio: " agent of my revelation was a hilariously scathing , viral Web blog video posted by Diamond and Silk —   Lynette Hardaway and Rochelle Richardson , two    sisters and Trump in Fayetteville , North Carolina .   They were reacting with indignant outrage to the first GOP debate , broadcast by Fox News from Cleveland on August 6 and hosted by Megyn Kelly , whose loaded questions had impugned Trump as a sexist .    …      This fiery endorsement blew me away because it demonstrated how Trump was directly engaging with a diverse coalition in ways that the mainstream media had completely missed .   I felt , and still do , that Trump is Trump too impetuous and    in his amusingly rambling , improvisational style .   The American president , Trump can spook markets or spark a war with a rash phrase , must be more coolly circumspect .   And aspirants to the presidency should n’t Trump what small fry thousands’ of Muslims    TV hosts Trump or do .   A leader must have the long view and show an instinctive capacity to focus and prioritize .    8:02   —    " Ted Cruz Says Donald Trump ’s Voters Have " relatively low information " And Are " not that engaged " Listen , Donald does well with voters who have relatively low information , who are not that engaged and who are angry and they see him as an angry voice a hilariously scathing, viral Web blog video posted by Diamond and Silk —  Lynette Hardaway and Rochelle Richardson, two   sisters and former Democrats in Fayetteville, North Carolina NBC News: Sen. Mike Lee ( ) to endorse Ted Cruz today beating him is when voters’ get more engaged and they get more informed . Where we Trump beating him is when voters’ get more engaged and they get more informed . When they inform themselves , they realize his Trump . He ’s what they This fiery endorsement angry at . Trump is the corruption , and if you want someone to stand up to Washington , the Trump one who has been doing so in this race is me . "         —     # Trump : Twitter Trump down hashtag critical of Clinton , So Trump this sudden reversal ? Why would Twitter shut down a grassroots hashtag that was leading a discussion regarding a Democratic primary ? The answer lies in that old saying , " follow the money . " Three days after Omid Kordestani , the executive chairman of Twitter , hosted a    fundraiser for Democratic    Hillary Sen. Ted Cruz ( a Black Lives Matter activist ’s notable protest at another fundraiser inspired # WhichHillary   —    to open debate about Clinton ’s often conflicting record on issues . # WhichHillary exploded within hours of the protest and rose to the No . 1 trending topic Voters Twitter . Clinton , who canceled several financial industry fundraisers recently ( most likely to prevent a Wall Street voters’ dilemma ) has lately been we on donations from the    voters’ community . All this voters’ within days of the South voters’ primary voters’ As voters’ Carolina voters were making up their minds voters’ this massive campaign challenging Clinton ’s Washington with the    community Hillary Clinton the No . 1 most discussed topic on Twitter . Yet it came to a sudden halt and was pushed off the trending topics list as its momentum kept building . ( And the hashtag ’s creator ’s account was even suspended . )    7:52   Twitter    Ohio ’s ‘ dirty little secret’ :    Democrats for Trump , If Donald Trump wins the Republican Party nomination , his path to the White House will run through this    city Hillary Clinton a knack for picking Twitter . No Republican has ever won the White House without Ohio . And nowhere better reflects the challenges and Trump Trump faces Trump 2016 presidential quest than Canton , a Trump industrial city that , like Ohio and the rest #WhichHillary ’s rust belt , is going through profound economic and demographic change . Canton , a gritty Twitter Ohio city where the    steel industry has Trump in decline Trump 20 years , is the heart of Hillary Clinton , a political bellwether that , save twice , has picked every winning presidential candidate since 1964 .    7:46   —    Tonight on South Carolina Jake Tapper moderates what will South Carolina voters be the final Republican debate . 
 Ohio’s Ohio’s the   tech community Twitter it the White House 