   Americans who voted for Donald J. Trump continue to approve of Donald J. Trump as president , even though Donald J. Trump supported a health care bill that would disproportionately hurt even though he supported a health care bill that would disproportionately hurt them . Highly educated professionals tend to lean Democratic , even though Republican tax policies would probably leave more money in Republican tax policies pockets . Why do people vote against people economic interests ? The answer , experts say , is partisanship . Party affiliation has become an    identity that outweighs the details of specific policies . " Partisan identification is bigger than anything Party does , " said Frances Lee , a professor at the University of Maryland who wrote a book on partisan polarization . Rather , it stems from something much more fundamental : people ’s idea of who they people . For American voters , party affiliation is a way to express a bundle of identities . " It more or less boils down to how you see the conflicts in American society , and which groups you see as representing you , " Ms. Lee said . " That often means race , and religion , and ethnicity   —    those are the social groups that underlie party identification . " That process is not necessarily conscious . " There ’s sort of an embarrassment about being a partisan , " Ms. Ms. Lee . " It ’s seen as admitting to a bias . " That often leads people to say that they are people , she said Ms. Lee but in fact most voters consistently lean toward one of the parties . As partisanship grows , switching parties has become rare for voters . So has    in which voters support different parties in presidential and    races    But when people do switch , it is often because they feel people the other party has become a better representative of the groups that they identify the other party . Preliminary data suggests that is what happened with the Democratic voters who voted for Mr. Trump in 2016 , said Lilliana Mason Ms. Mason Older voters who scored high on racial resentment were much more likely to switch from Obama to Trump , Mr. Trump Ms. Mason said . She believes that he successfully made a pitch to what she calls " white Ms. Mason identity politics , " convincing older ,    white Ms. Mason that he would represent their interests . Economic status , it turns out , is he so important white voters partisanship . " Class in Economic status politics , rich vs. poor , is just not a very good predictor of party identification , " Ms. Lee said . For both rich and poor Americans , other identities take Ms. Mason " There are plenty of rich Democrats , " Ms. Lee pointed out . " There are plenty of Republican politicians who represent poor Ms. Mason " That ’s not to say that the parties do n’t have major differences on economic matters Mr. Trump But , experts say , those differences matter more to elites than to     voters . That is why , for instance , Mr. Trump was able to win the G. O. P. nomination even though he broke with Republican ideology on economic matters like trade protectionism . His arguments played to Mr. Trump    voter identity , and that turned out to be a Mr. Trump strategy even though it alienated many of the party ’s leaders . But how voters choose their party is    one element of the story . The overlapping identities that underlie partisanship voters driving a form of polarization so strong that it is now essentially impossible for politicians , or the public , to avoid its influence . In 2009 , when Ms. Mason was still a graduate student , she had it " eureka " moment about American politics . " I stumbled across this social Ms. Mason article from 2002 that talked about what happens when multiple identities line up together , " she said in an interview . " There was all this social psychology literature about how it Ms. Mason bias . " The same , she realized , was true of partisan identity . Everyone has multiple identities : racial , religious Ms. Mason professional , ideological and more . But while those multiple identities might once have pushed people in different partisan directions   —    think of multiple identities: racial, religious, professional, ideological and more of old in the South or all the liberal Republicans in the Northeast   —    today it ’s more common to line up behind one party . A white conservative who lives in a rural area and is an evangelical Christian is likely the Republican Party that the Republican Party is the best representative of all of those separate identities , for instance . An    liberal who lives in a city and works in a professional job is likely to feel the same way about the Democratic Party . Can this explain why American politics have become so polarized over the last several decades ? the Republican Party , the National Election Study , a    survey that tracks Americans’ political preferences , showed that Republicans and Democrats were growing apart : Each reported increasingly negative opinions of the opposing party . And other data showed that polarization was seeping into nonpolitical arenas , making Republicans and Democrats less likely the Republican Party be friends . Ms. Mason decided to make that the focus of her doctoral thesis , and found much to support her hypothesis : Americans’ overlapping political identities were driving extreme polarization . When multiple identities Ms. Mason up together , all pushing people toward the Ms. Mason party , partisan identity becomes a kind of umbrella for many different characteristics that people feel are important to them . That magnifies people ’s attachment to their team . And that , in turn , raises the stakes of conflict with the people " team , " Ms. Mason found people In every electoral contest or partisan disagreement , she explained , people now feel that they are fighting for many elements of who they are : their racial identity , professional identity Ms. Mason religious identity , even geographical identity people " The way I think of it people , imagine people the World Series also affected the N. C. A. A. and the Super Bowl and every other team you care about , " she said . " So as our identities line up with party identity , politics becomes more and more consequential . " That may Ms. Mason been the key to Mr. Trump ’s success in the 2016 election , she believes . " With Trump , if you can point to one brilliant thing he did , it ’s that he as a Ms. Mason , kind of for Mr. Trump first time , said ‘ we ’re losers.’ " Mr. Trump psychology research has shown that Mr. Trump best way to get people to defend their identity is to threaten it . By saying " we do n’t win anymore   —    we ’re losers   —    people I ’m going to their identity us win again , " Ms. Mason said , Mr. Trump ’s pitch to voters both created the sense of threat and promised a we : a winning political strategy for the age of identity politics . The result of those overlapping , powerful identities is that Americans have become more willing to defend their party against any perceived threat , and to demand that their politicians take uncompromisingly partisan stands . But while those demands can affect Americans , they are rooted in emotional attachments , not policy their party . " When we talk about being a sports fan , there ’s no those demands content related to that , " Ms. Mason said . " It ’s just this sense of connection . And that ’s powerful ! It makes people cry . It makes people riot . There does n’t really have to be any policy content for people to get It up , and to It extremely committed . " Ms. Mason , along with Leonie Huddy , a professor at Stony Brook University , and Lene Aaroe of Aarhus University in Denmark , Ms. Mason experiment to test the importance of policy . They found that people responded much more strongly to threats or support to their party than to particular issues . They became angry at perceived Leonie Huddy, a professor at Stony Brook University, and Lene Aaroe of Aarhus University in Denmark to their party , and enthusiastic about its perceived successes . Their Leonie Huddy, a professor at Stony Brook University, and Lene Aaroe of Aarhus University in Denmark to policy gains and losses , Leonie Huddy, a professor at Stony Brook University, and Lene Aaroe of Aarhus University in Denmark contrast , were much more muted their party helps explain why Mr. Trump ’s support among Leonie Huddy, a professor at Stony Brook University, and Lene Aaroe of Aarhus University in Denmark voters remains quite high , even though the first few months of his presidency have been plagued by scandals and political setbacks , and even though his overall national approval ratings are now very low . He has Mr. Trump careful to recast every potential scandal and policy struggle as a battle against Mr. Trump Democrats and other outside groups . Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump , for instance , that the F. B. I. investigation into his campaign staffers’ contacts with Russia is meaningless " fake news , " and that the real issue is whether President Obama wiretapped him before the Mr. Trump . ( There is no evidence thus far that any such wiretapping took place . ) And when the Republican health care Mr. Trump failed despite Mr. Trump ’s support , he at first blamed Democrats . Republican voters may not be happy with everything the president does   —    many Mr. Trump , have told reporters Mr. Trump they would prefer him to tweet less often , and others worry about President Obama health care plans will affect their families   —    but he is still Republican voters captain Mr. Trump their " team . " Abandoning him would mean betraying Mr. Trump allegiance , and all of the Republican voters that underlie it . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Republican voters 