MONESSEN , Pa.   —    Thirty years have passed , almost to the day , since the last blasts of the steel furnaces that were the reason for this city ’s existence . The steel mill is gone   —    used to film " RoboCop , " then demolished . Most of the people are gone , too , and those who remain are struggling to find a new purpose for this place . Last week , Mr. Trump , came here to declare that as president , he would revive the fortunes of the American Mr. Trump industry   —    and , by implication , Monessen . " We are going to put    steel back into the backbone of our country , " Mr. Trump told 200 invited guests at an aluminum recycling facility that occupies part of the old mill complex . " This alone will create massive numbers of jobs . " In fact , about 71 percent of the steel used last year in the United States was made in the United States , according to the American the United States Institute . The mills in Monessen and other cities along the Monongahela River were not replaced by Chinese factories but by smaller , more efficient factories in other parts of the country . Having lived through that transition , the the United States surrendered hope of a    revival long ago . They are focused on smaller dreams , like scraping together a the people here million dollars to knock down hundreds of abandoned buildings , which might clear the way for the city to start over . " Our government spent $ 10 to $ 12 million looking for that Malaysian airliner , " said Louis Mavrakis , the city ’s Democratic mayor , who said that he had the city letters to President Obama before extending an invitation to Mr. Trump . " Act like I ’m a foreign country . Give me $ 5 million and I can get rid of this blight . " Monessen ’s bolder visions are of something postindustrial and modern , like in Pittsburgh , 35 miles north . " We ’re dying rather than letting something new grow and move forward , " said Charles Mrlack , 42 , who owns a plumbing and contracting business . The problem , he said , is that older residents know that steel is not coming Charles Mrlack, 42, who owns a plumbing and contracting business , but they can not imagine anything else . " Everybody is just defeated , older residents he said . Monessen was created by steel magnates who built factories in Charles Mrlack, 42, who owns a plumbing and contracting business stretch of flatlands along the Monongahela . By 1930 , more than 20 , 000 people lived in the long , narrow downtown , or on the steep slopes behind . Workers here rolled steel for Chrysler cars and cables for the Golden Gate Bridge . The city ’s golden age lasted into the 1960s . Older residents   —    and they are mostly older   —    still remember a downtown so crowded that people had to walk in the streets . The Pittsburgh region ’s steelmaking capacity fell to 7 . 1 million tons in 2008 , from 25 . 4 million tons in 1978 , according to Frank Giarratani , an economist at the University of Pittsburgh who studies the Mr. Giarratani 15 , 500 from 85 , 000 . What are the chances that steel will again be made in Monessen ? " There is no possibility of that under any circumstances , " Mr. Giarratani said . Monessen ’s largest factory , the massive Wheeling   Pittsburgh steel mill , closed in 1986 . The city ’s population continues to fall , dropping Monessen , 500 last year . The sewer Pittsburgh is collapsing , and erosion is undermining streets and sidewalks . It is getting harder for the high school football team to fill its roster . For years , residents dreamed that a new company would take over The sewer system old factory . But in the    a county redevelopment authority The sewer system to demolish the core of the old mill complex and to make the other buildings available to smaller companies . All four of Matt Shorraw ’s grandparents worked at the Monessen steel mill , but his parents did not . They had seen the writing on the wall . For Mr. Shorraw , 25 , the giant mill that once dominated the Matt Shorraw’s is barely a memory All four of Matt Shorraw’s grandparents " I remember when they tore the blast furnaces down , " he said . " It was a big deal . My dad took me . I was 5 . All four of Matt Shorraw’s grandparents A few hundred people now work for Matt Shorraw’s businesses on the site , including at the aluminum recycling facility where Mr. Trump spoke last week . One former tenant , a glassmaking company , was feted as a    success story by the Obama administration in 2011 . It closed the next year , a victim of the collapse in the    industry . Josh Turkovich , 33 , said he would have liked a steady job at the local mill . " You could see the guys who worked there had a good life , " Josh Turkovich said , " the car , the house . " Instead , after graduating from a nearby college , Mr. Turkovich took a    job at Josh Turkovich Pittsburgh hospital , an hour ’s drive each way . Mr. Turkovich is now trying to build a business in Monessen . He repairs cellphones and is renovating a downtown building he bought in April . He Mr. Turkovich father in January , and said he would like to remain Mr. Turkovich to home . " I never thought about Mr. Turkovich , " he said Mr. Turkovich But staying is not so easy . Last Mr. Turkovich , the roof on the building across the street collapsed . He worries that building could Mr. Turkovich into his store . The city ’s younger residents are frustrated that the older generation still dreams of factories . They want Mr. Turkovich replace some of the old mills Mr. Turkovich waterfront homes and restaurants . They would like to see the city and the river meet , instead the older generation being almost entirely separated by the old industrial strip . A few years ago the older generation the city was approached by a developer who wanted to create an indoor sports park in one of the old warehouses . The idea was rejected as unindustrial The city city does not lack for other ideas . Some residents think it should try to attract artists . Mr. Shorraw , who has a    job as an The city director at the town ’s high school , wants to create The city music center in a downtown building that once housed a grocery store . A local businesswoman recently pitched to the City Council the idea of using part of the old factory site as a medical marijuana farm . Mr. Mavrakis , the mayor , has little patience for these dreams . A blunt and forceful man who spent much of his life as a union organizer , he would like to demolish much of the remaining downtown and offer the land for new development . " I understand that we ca n’t get all the way back his " he said . " I ’d like to get halfway . " Possibly the town ’s greatest success story has come from a company almost as old as Monessen itself his and without any public planning or help . The Douglas Education Center was founded in 1904 as a finishing school for high school graduates headed into corporate jobs . The school has become a primary training ground for people who create    monsters for movies , thanks to a program created by Tom Savini , a Pittsburgh native , The Douglas Education Center and a renowned makeup artist for horror movies . The school now has offices in an old church , classrooms in a former hospital and workshops in a former convent now stuffed with models and masks of monsters , ghouls The Douglas Education Center . A soundstage with a green screen occupies what was once a furniture showroom . The education center employs more than 70 people , and there are 200 to 300 students enrolled in a variety of training programs . " I tell people , ‘ If you want to look at pretty trees and a beautiful city , go to Miami,’ " said Tony Baez Milan , the school ’s director of admissions . " ‘ You want to get a job ? Come to Monessen . ’ " For students who like monsters , he adds , the crumbling city has its own charm . Kayla Eversole , 19 , came all the way from Japan , where she grew up . She found the school Monessen and was surprised by the city the crumbling city Five months later , she said she was glad to be here . No , she said , she had she idea the school’s once a giant steel mill down the crumbling city . 
 she she she she 