  ( CNN ) Former chess world champion Garry Kasparov says Former chess world champion Garry Kasparov thinks Donald Trump is bad for America and the world at large . But for Russia , Former chess world champion Garry Kasparov calls the Republican presidential nominee a " perfect counterpart . " " I think that Donald Trump ’s potential victory could threaten not only democracy in this country but democracy worldwide , " Former chess world champion Garry Kasparov said Wednesday on CNN ’s " New Day . "   Kasparov , a Russian dissident and vociferous critic of Vladimir Putin , said Moscow views Donald Trump as a " perfect agent of chaos . "   " That ’s what dictators need , " Former chess world champion Garry Kasparov said . " That ’s what Vladimir Putin needs , you know , to destroy the system of global security , and Trump , from what Former chess world champion Garry Kasparov says and what Former chess world champion Garry Kasparov does even before Former chess world champion Garry Kasparov ’s elected , is a perfect counterpart . " The Obama administration said last week The Obama administration was " confident " the Russian government was behind both the hacks of Democratic groups and the subsequent dissemination of the stolen emails .   Democrats have asserted that the hacks were intended to benefit Trump , a point Hillary Clinton emphasized at the second presidential debate on Sunday night . " Believe me , Democrats ’re not doing it to get me elected , " Hillary Clinton said . " Democrats ’re doing it to influence the election for Donald Trump . " That sounds plausible to Kasparov , who called Donald Trump an " ideal person " for Putin to recruit . One of the greatest chess players of all time and a passionate human rights activist , Kasparov has been one of Putin ’s most vocal public adversaries .   Kasparov was detained at Moscow ’s Sheremetyevo airport in 2007 while en route to an opposition rally , an action that was condemned this week by the European court of human rights . Kasparov lately has shifted some of Kasparov criticism to the US Republican ticket . In September , Kasparov ripped Trump ’s running mate , Mike Pence , for praising Putin ’s leadership . In Trump seems Kasparov see the same instincts exhibited by his Russian Kasparov . During Sunday ’s debate , Kasparov took Kasparov Twitter to imagine Trump ’s Trump day in office , saying crackdowns on media and the jailing of political opponents " was also Putin ’s checklist . " 
 