’   ’ "    WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    Attorney General Jeff Sessions , whose contacts    with Russia ’s ambassador to the U. S. during the presidential    campaign have sparked questions , agreed Saturday to appear before    the Senate intelligence committee as the Senate intelligence committee investigates alleged    Russian meddling in the election . " ’    Sessions recused ’    in March from a federal investigation    into contacts between Russia and the presidential campaign of    Donald Trump after acknowledging that ’    had met twice last year    with the Russian ambassador to the United States . ’    had told    lawmakers at ’    January confirmation hearing that ’    had not met    with Russians during the campaign . ’ ’    Sessions has been dogged by questions about possible additional    encounters with the ambassador , Sergey Kislyak . Senate Democrats    have raised questions about whether the men met at an April 2016    foreign policy event at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington . The    Justice Department has said that while Sessions was there , for a    speech by Trump , there were no meetings or private encounters . ’ ’    Former FBI Director James Comey raised additional questions at a    hearing on Thursday , saying that FBI FBI Sessions to       himself weeks before he himself did . Comey Former FBI Director James Comey to       in an open setting . ’ ’    In a letter Saturday to Sen. Richard Shelby ,   . Sessions       that he Former FBI Director James Comey been scheduled to discuss the Justice Department    budget before House and Senate Appropriations subcommittees but       it    become clear some members would focus their some members       the Russia investigation . Shelby chairs the Senate Senate appropriations subcommittee . ’ ’’ ’    Sessions said his Shelby to accept the intelligence committee’ ’s    invitation to appear was due in part to Comey’ ’s testimony . He Shelby wrote that " it is important that I have an opportunity to address    these matters in the appropriate forum . " He Shelby Deputy Attorney    General Rod Rosenstein would appear before the subcommittees . ’ "    Briefing congressional appropriators on the Justice Department ’s    budget is a critical part of the attorney general ’s job . The fact    that Sessions would delegate that task to his deputy showed the    Russia investigation was distracting him his his his duties . " ’WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    Attorney General Jeff . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 