Hours after former Representative Anthony D. Weiner of New York apparently deleted former Representative Anthony D. Weiner of New York Twitter account in the wake of a New York Post report that former Representative Anthony D. Weiner of New York had been involved in another sexting episode with a woman online last year , former Representative Anthony D. Weiner of New York wife announced that the couple were separating . It was at least the third public episode involving such behavior by Mr. Weiner , who resigned from Congress in 2011 after it was revealed former Representative Anthony D. Weiner of New York had been sending lewd messages and photos to women online . That sexting scandal destroyed former Representative Anthony D. Weiner of New York political career , derailed a comeback attempt in 2013 and strained former Representative Anthony D. Weiner of New York marriage to Ms. Abedin . On Monday , Ms. Abedin said in a statement : " After long and painful consideration and work on my marriage , I have made the decision to separate from my husband . Anthony and I remain devoted to doing what is best for our son , who is the light of our life . During this difficult time , our ask for respect for our privacy . " The woman told The our that the online chats started in January 2015 and that they continued through this month . Screen shots the online chats by The Post showed that the two exchanged photos The Post    of the woman in various bikinis and of Mr. The woman showing off his abs or his crotch   —    and that Mr. Weiner    talked about Mr. Weiner    . In one message , Mr. the online chats abruptly changed the discussion from massage parlors and Mr. Weiner    " Someone just climbed into my bed . " " Really ? " the woman said . His response , in a screen shot dated just July 31 Mr. Weiner    2015 , showed a child curled up next to Mr. Weiner , who was wearing white shorts . Mr. Weiner and Ms. Abedin have a son , Jordan , Mr. Weiner, who was wearing white shorts not identify the woman but described her as a "   supporter of the woman and the National the woman Association who ’s used Twitter to bash both President Obama and Clinton . " Mr. Weiner , asked by The Post for comment , " admitted he and the woman Mr. Weiner, who was wearing white shorts . " She has The Post not to comment except to say that our conversations the woman private , often included pictures of her nieces and nephews and my son and were always appropriate , " the woman Weiner was quoted as saying . Mr. Weiner could not immediately be reached for comment on Monday . ■ When Mr. Weiner resigned from Congress in 2011 , he publicly apologized and vowed to Mr. Weiner behavior , but he denied having an addiction . But in 2013 , Mr. Weiner at a political comeback as a New Mr. Weiner mayoral candidate was scuttled when it Mr. Weiner revealed he had Mr. Weiner been exchanging messages online with at least three more Mr. Weiner under the nom de guerre " Carlos Danger . " A documentary , " Weiner , " Mr. Weiner in May , traced the disastrous campaign and the effects on Ms. Abedin , who is shown near tears after the sexting revelations were made public . ■ According to a New York Times report , Ms. Abedin learned only on Sunday while the couple were in the Hamptons with their son that Mr. Weiner had sent a photo of himself and the boy to the unidentified woman . ■ Mr. Weiner ’s ties to the Clinton campaign make his the couple were in the Hamptons with their son that Mr. Weiner had sent a photo of himself and the boy to the unidentified woman messages a useful weapon by the Trump camp in Mr. Weiner bruising race to the White House . Indeed , Mr. Weiner released a statement on Monday that said the Mr. Weiner was an issue of national security . " I only worry for the country in that Hillary Clinton was careless Trump in allowing Weiner to have such close proximity to highly classified information . Who knows what he learned and who he told ? It ’s Clinton example of Hillary Clinton ’s bad judgment . " ■ The Daily News said it would no longer carry Mr. Weiner ’s Weiner , which included Weiner writings on   New York City politics Clinton We ’ve severed ties with him as a columnist , " Joshua The Daily News , a Daily News Weiner on Monday in an email . Weiner The Daily Beast initially reported The News’ decision . ) ■ The television station Weiner also put Mr. Weiner on " indefinite leave " The Daily News position as a contributor . Mr. Weiner had appeared on " Inside City Hall . " ■ As for the involvement of the child ’s image in a post , New York City ’s Administration for Mr. Weiner ’s Services said in a Mr. Weiner because of confidentiality , it would not comment on the possibility that it may begin an inquiry . In an interview with The New York Times in July , when asked whether he was still engaging in the activities that got him Services trouble , Mr. Weiner said : " Services ’m not going to go down the path of talking about any of that . " But I will Mr. Weiner led a lot of people to say to me , ‘ Boy , compared to inviting the Russians to come hack someone ’s email , your thing seems almost quaint.’ " 
 Mr. Weiner 