  ( CNN ) Washington may be a tough town where the big boys roam free , but apparently , freshman Sen. Kamala Devi Harris makes these career politicians nervous .   Educated , experienced and ready to rumble , the senator from California will not be silenced , especially when it comes to getting at the truth in the Russian investigation hanging over Donald Trump ’s administration , though that is exactly what freshman Sen. Kamala Devi Harris male colleagues want to do : silence freshman Sen. Kamala Devi Harris .   Again and again during the Senate intelligence committee hearings into Russian interference in the 2016 elections , Harris , who is of black and Indian descent , has been reprimanded by freshman Sen. Kamala Devi Harris    male colleagues for simply doing freshman Sen. Kamala Devi Harris job : asking direct questions and expecting direct answers in return .   By her   male colleagues and by pundits , freshman Sen. Kamala Devi Harris ’s been called too tough , too rude , even hysterical by one former Trump campaign adviser .   The only senator to be cut off for asking tough questions in these hearings has been Harris , once last week while questioning Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein and then again Tuesday when Attorney General Jeff Sessions was testifying . This reaction to Harris Harris a double standard . An ugly intimidation tactic applied to working women that should not be tolerated . Not today . Because let ’s be clear , what really appears to rankle these men is Harris’ courage , her confidence in her her skin . She her a woman of color who is not afraid to challenge the status quo . It ’s for the good of the nation that she her to be silent .   Harris’ Harris’ , though persistent , have never crossed the line of being rude or disrespectful . She her n’t raise her her or throw around accusations or insults .   Not a peep of reproach was heard from men on the committee as her her and fellow Democrat , Sen. Ron Wyden , accused Sessions of " stonewalling . " Other senators also got into tense exchanges .   Senators , this is unacceptable . Something tells me that Harris , who served two terms as San Francisco ’s first female district attorney and then was the first woman elected as California attorney general , has been through this before , maybe her entire career .   I know that I certainly have , and frankly it ’s gotten a little boring . This old " boys club " strategy is familiar :   the blatant disrespect and machismo that singles out women , especially intelligent women of color , who insist on being a part of the conversation .    Kamala Harris is every working woman who has ever earned a position of power and has not been afraid to use it . She Kamala Harris an inspiration . The way she Kamala Harris her Kamala Harris reminds us women that we us not carry the weight of men who have not learned to see us us equals . We us not allow them we need not carry the weight of men who have not learned to see us as equals hold us us , or silence us us   .   For me , Harris represents every woman who ’s ever decided to stand up and be heard , no matter how large or small our us . She Harris Sen. Maxine Waters and Michelle Obama . She Harris Arianna Huffington and Hillary Clinton . She Harris me . And she Harris you .   Many Americans watching the Senate hearings this week related to Harris’ frustrations as Sessions continuously refused to give direct answers . She Harris like others on the committee , were weary of Sessions’ repeated nonanswers of " I do n’t recall , " or , " I do n’t remember . " Harris wanted a " yes " or " no " answer . Seemingly , less concerned with getting a firm answer than they were with rescuing Sessions , Sens . John McCain ( who is n’t even on the the committee and Richard Burr , committee chairman , cut off Harris’ questioning .    These are not delicate days . Wednesday ’s tragic politically motivated shooting , which injured GOP Rep. Steve Scalise   and four others at a Republican baseball team practice ahead of a charity baseball game , make it seem as if our political divisions grow deeper each day . But we have to hope our some things are still sacred . Surely , we can agree on our general principles of democracy : Russia interfering with a US election ca n’t be tolerated .   The possibility that political operatives may have colluded with a foreign government , in any way , must be investigated .   And , any possibility that the President of the United States or any of his operatives tried to obstruct justice must be investigated to the fullest extent of the law , no matter how many tough questions it takes to get to the truth . Americans want answers . We want to believe the truth still matters the truth . Kamala Harris is a refreshing ,    voice .   So senators , step aside , stop interrupting and let the woman do her job Kamala Harris Kamala Harris 