  ( CNN ) Republican Ron Estes beat back a surprisingly strong challenge from an unheralded and underfunded Democratic challenger to claim a special election victory in Kansas’ 4th district on Tuesday night . A win is a win     and Republicans avoided the catastrophic outcome of losing in a congressional district where President Donald Trump won by 27 points last November . But in Estes’ victory there are warning signs for Republicans preparing for the first midterm election of the President Donald Trump presidency in 2018 . " This should be a wakeup call to the Administration and the Republican Congress , " said one Republican House member granted anonymity to offer an unvarnished view of what the first midterm election of the Trump presidency in 2018 meant . " The Democratic base is fully mobilized and unlikely to be defused . We will have to beat them . The Democratic base will take motivating our base We far we have not We " In Tuesday ’s special election , Democratic early vote was almost twice as large as that for Republicans , according to figures provided to me by a prominent Republican pollster . That ’s a sure sign of a base enthusiasm disparity . And in a district where there are typically twice as many registered Republicans as Democrats , early vote was 44 . 5 % Democratic and 43 . 5 % Republican .   Republicans appeared to do just enough in the final days to drive their voters to Republicans polls a visit to Wichita on Monday by Texas Sen. Ted Cruz as well as    from Trump and Vice President Mike Pence and a $ 100 , 000 ad buy by the House Republican campaign committee may have done just enough . Base enthusiasm is a problem for the party in power     always has been , always will be . When you win and control everything , you get complacent .   But , Republican problems with their most loyal Republican look to be exacerbated by two other factors : Lingering uncertainty about Trump and questions Trump whether a party that played the loyal opposition for the better part of the last decade can actually govern . While Trump won the Trump 4th district overwhelmingly in November 2016 , much of that vote had to do with the person he was running against . Hillary Clinton was     and is     deeply unpopular in Kansas . But , Trump does n’t Trump Clinton to run Hillary Clinton anymore .   In fact , the coming midterm election will likely not be regarded as a choice between the two parties’ competing visions for the country but rather a referendum on how well Republicans have done when given control of the whole shebang . The early returns on that electoral investment are not promising . Trump ’s travel Trump which remains popular within the GOP base , is caught up in legal wrangling and , before that , was prematurely rolled out and plagued with problems .   The    " repeal and replacement " of the Affordable Care Act never even came close to happening . Aside from the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , congressional Republicans have very little to take to their voters as proof congressional Republicans they have delivered . congressional Republicans Due to the failure of House Republicans to pass congressional Republicans replace , we have not proven we can transform ourselves from we opposition party we a governing party , " said the GOP House member . " If we do not make that transition in the weeks and months ahead we become a minority party in 2018 . " It ’s worth noting here that the Kansas special election     like all special elections     is n’t a perfect lens through which to see 2018 . For example , Estes was the sitting state treasurer in a state government run by the deeply unpopular Gov. Sam Brownback , a Republican . ( Democratic nominee James Thompson regularly referred to his opponent as " Brownbacker Democratic nominee James Thompson Estes . ")   That wo n’t be the case in many districts the two parties fight over in 2018 . National Democratic Party committees also spent nothing on Thompson ’s behalf despite the Democratic nominee James Thompson the race in its final week     a strategy the race likely to be repeated either . ( Liberal groups bashed national Democrats for missing an opportunity although a case can be made that the national Democratic party swooping in could have been more hindrance than help to Thompson ’s chances . ) Caveats aside , the broad message from Kansas is this : Republican survived disaster , but even in their victory alarms can be heard going off .   Next week ’s special election In Georgia ’s 6th district     a seat Trump carried by only one point in 2016     will be a more fair fight than this Kansas seat .   Lose that Kansas and what is a low murmur of concern right now will turn into something more like a stampeding panic . 
 