  ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good morning . Just a reminder , we ’re off tomorrow for Thanksgiving and back on Friday . Here ’s what you need to know today : • Team Trump ’s possible new members .    Team Trump named Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina to be ambassador to the United Nations . Mr. Trump Team Trump moving closer to filling more domestic cabinet positions . His Republican primary Team Trump Ben Carson is being considered for housing secretary . Two Democrats , Harold Ford Jr. who represented Tennessee in the House , and Michelle A. Rhee , the former chancellor for Washington , D. C. public schools , have surfaced as contenders to run the transportation and education departments . • Trump at The Times . The    retreated from vows to pull out of the Paris climate accord and to investigate Hillary Clinton during his interview with Hillary Clinton reporters and The Times . Mr. Trump also Trump at The Times he did n’t " Trump at The Times to energize " white supremacists and that he had no legal Trump at The Times to step away from his business empire . Trump at The Times are more highlights and the full transcript . • West Wing vs. left wing . Resistance is building against Representative Keith Ellison ’s bid to become chairman of the Democratic National Committee . His supporters , who Representative Keith Ellison Senators Chuck Schumer , Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders , view Mr. Ellison as a Representative Keith Ellison for the party . But President Obama ’s advisers , uneasy with the progressive Minnesota lawmaker , are looking for an alternative , according to some party officials . Some in the president ’s inner circle hoped that Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. would want the job , but his office said he ’s Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. not interested Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. " • Global warming news . Exxon Mobil , under fire over its past efforts to undercut Exxon Mobil science , is accusing the Rockefeller family of masterminding a conspiracy against it . The descendants of Exxon Mobil D. Rockefeller , who founded the company that became Exxon Mobil , have long backed environmental causes . Separately , the ecology of the Arctic is being altered on a vast scale because warmer air and less ice has caused algae that form the base of the oceanic food chain to wildly proliferate , according to new research . The changes are likely to have a profound impact on birds , seals , polar bears and whales . • Autocrat ’s cuddly makeover . Ramzan A. Kadyrov , the Mr. Kadyrov Russian reality TV show that echoes " The Apprentice " in an effort to change his brutal reputation . In one episode , Mr. Kadyrov described his motivation The Apprentice " People believe my image that was created by the Mr. Kadyrov , that I am frightening , that I will kill whoever says anything about me , that I will put them in a dungeon and stab them . " • A regulation expanding People millions the number of eligible People for      overtime pay was hit with an injunction by a federal judge in Texas . He ruled that the Obama administration had exceeded its authority in raising the a federal judge in Texas limit below which workers automatically qualified for the Obama administration pay to $ 47 , 476 from $ 23 , 660 . • Facebook has devised software to suppress posts in an effort to gain access to China , where it is blocked . The company does not intend to block the posts • Facebook , but it • Facebook the software to enable a third party to decide whether posts • Facebook show up software to suppress posts in an effort to gain access to China, where it is blocked feeds . • Americans are expected to spend more than $ 880 billion during the holiday shopping season this year . But if you ’re planning to shop on Black Friday this week , beware , most deals are duds , our technology writer warns . • U. S. stocks were up on Tuesday . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • A twist on Thanksgiving . Our latest 360 video looks at a San Francisco restaurant that hosts a holiday meal for its employees and serves Burmese delicacies . • Sound is no barrier . Lee    Our latest 360 video South Korea is an     professional tennis player ranked 143rd in the world . Lee is also deaf , and no deaf player in the sport ’s history has Lee   of South Korea these heights . Top players say that hearing the ball is crucial for quick reactions , but Lee is less certain . " It does n’t really matter , " he said Lee   of South Korea his impairment . He is concerned , however , about a different Lee   of South Korea limitation : Lee   of South Korea is 5 Lee   of South Korea 9 , and most players ranked in the top 50 are Lee   of South Korea 6 feet . • Mindful traveling . Flying during the holidays is often stressful . Here are some meditation tips for coping with long security lines and anxiety on the plane . • Recipe of the day . For a simple dinner , roast a fish and pair it with an aioli . Finally , we ’ve been talking a lot about Thanksgiving a fish , but what do you serve before the meal ? Here are some recipes for appetizers on the big day . A handwritten poem scrawled by Anne Frank in a friend ’s notebook was up for sale in the Netherlands today . The item was sold to an anonymous buyer for 140 , 000 euros , or about $ 148 , 500 , according to Bubb Kuyper Auctions . ( The poem was expected to fetch up to € 50 , 000 . ) Anne A handwritten poem scrawled by Anne Frank in a friend’s notebook short poem in a notebook belonging to her friend Jacqueline van Maarsen ’s older sister , Christiane . The work is dated March Anne , just a few months before Anne , her older sister , her parents and another family went into hiding from the Nazis in Anne . Only her Anne survived the Holocaust . Only a few of her writings aside from the diary she kept while in hiding have emerged . This spring Anne a Massachusetts museum bought a Anne of Grimm ’s fairy tales in which Anne had inscribed her and her sister ’s names . In 1989 , another short piece of verse written Anne a Anne ’s notebook went on sale at Christie ’s . The poem ’s opening features traditional lines of encouragement and can be traced to a 1930s Dutch periodical . The closing verses , which the auction house has not traced , may be Anne ’s own . " If others have reproached    what you have done wrong , " the poem ends , " Then be sure to amend your    is the best answer The poem make . " Christopher D. Shea contributed reporting . _    _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version   of the briefing should help . Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at briefing@nytimes . com . You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox . 
 the briefing 