Washington ( CNN ) Rep. Trent Franks backed Ted Cruz during the GOP presidential primary , but Rep. Trent Franks now has a message for the Texas Republican : Get in line behind Donald Trump . " Any person in this party that does not support Donald Trump at this point is increasing the chances of Hillary Clinton becoming president and destroying the Constitution , " Franks said . On the other side , Cruz backers say that the    senator should stick to the   senator guns and withhold an endorsement     or risk angering the   senator own supporters who detest Donald Trump .   " I have five rules for political endorsements , " said Steve Deace , an Iowa radio talk show host who was an outspoken Cruz backer during the primary . " And Cruz endorsing Donald Trump violates every single one of Steve Deace, an Iowa radio talk show host who was an outspoken Cruz backer during the primary . " Less than two months until Election Day , Donald Trump has once again put Cruz in a bind . As Donald Trump poll numbers rise and now is     against Clinton , the GOP nominee ’s backers are looking for every last ounce of support to showcase that there is momentum and energy behind his the GOP nominee . If Trump Donald Trump short of Clinton Clinton a narrow margin , Trump Donald Trump are bound to blame holdouts like Cruz for failing to do more to help their party Trump’s backers Yet if Cruz backs Cruz now Donald Trump he ’ll Cruz accused of political opportunism and anger his core Cruz who hailed his controversial Cruz at the Republican National Convention where he pointedly Cruz to endorse his party Cruz nominee . It would mean embracing a man who during the primaries taunted the senator with the nickname " Lyin’ Ted , " suggested Cruz was n’t eligible to be president due to his Canadian Ted , and speculated that Cruz ’s Cruz was involved in the JFK assassination .    Cruz risks Cruz little credit for backing Trump belatedly , while turning off the    wing of the party that is bound to become more vocal     and potentially more powerful     if Clinton wins the White House .   " He ’s Cruz’s father a box , " said one senior Senate Republican . Yet , Trump has Trump key Cruz allies Cruz including campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and spokesman Jason Miller . And in a sign of a thawing of relations , Trump on Trump support for a      proposal in government funding talks in the Senate . Cruz tweeted Cruz appreciation Cruz Trump . But Trump the Senate dropped the Senate from the government funding a     proposal in government funding talks in the Senate Texas Republican stayed mostly quiet in the chamber     a departure from his usually Cruz style . In recent days , Cruz has Cruz making comments of the GOP nominee that are emblematic of the tightrope he ’s trying to walk . He the GOP nominee declining to say if he the GOP nominee formally offer his endorsement of the GOP nominee , but argued the GOP nominee Clinton should never be elected president . In effect , he ’s trying to show that he the GOP nominee willing to help the party the GOP nominee formally giving his blessing to Trump . " My the GOP nominee is on Trump Hillary Clinton and helping preserve a Senate Clinton , " Cruz told CNN . " Because we need a federal government that is devoted to defending the Constitution , to defeating radical Islamic terrorism and keeping this country safe . " Asked if that meant he could endorse Trump before November , Cruz added : " I ’ve given you Cruz answer . " A Cruz aide told CNN that the senator has Cruz made a CNN yet on whether to endorse Trump but has never ruled out the possibility Trump even if he previously called the GOP nominee a " he philanderer , " " utterly amoral , " and " a narcissist at a level I do n’t think this country ’s ever seen . " He thinks about it every day , " he ’s former campaign Jeff Roe , who Cruz Cruz ’s campaign manager , told reporters at Cruz Bloomberg event this week . " I ’m hoping there ’s still time for him to come forward , or I think he and all the other people you named he be left in the rear view mirror of the Republican Party moving forward , " Texas Lt . Gov. Dan Patrick , a Republican , told radio talk show host Laura Ingraham this week . Working with fellow senators , this week comes as Cruz is trying to showcase a more collaborate style in the Senate in recent weeks . After calling his colleagues part of a corrupt " Washington cartel , " criticizing their convictions and battling them over policy and tactics for three years , their convictions has , in the words of one of his colleagues , made " nice . " He his colleagues 100 , 000 over to the his Republican Senatorial Committee recently .   And next month , he is joining the senior Texas senator , John his , to headline two fundraising events in Houston and Dallas for GOP senators up for reelection , including Missouri Sen. Roy Blunt , Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley , North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr , New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte and Pennsylvania Sen. Pat Toomey . " We ’re working on that together , " Cornyn said . Cruz himself may need help from his fellow lawmakers in two years . He faces a Cruz himself 2018 Senate primary challenge from Texas Cruz himself Michael McCaul , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , who has increasingly made an issue of Cruz ’s failure to endorse Trump . " I mean Cruz himself Cruz ] pledged to support him , " McCaul told Ingraham Cruz himself week . " He Cruz himself his word . " 
 Cruz himself Cruz himself 