’   ’ ’    FBI Director James Comey said in a hearing before the Senate    Judiciary Committee on Wednesday that FBI Director James Comey treated the    bureau’ ’s probe into Hillary Clinton’ ’s private email server and       investigation into President Donald Trump’ ’s ties to    Russia " consistently , " and " under the same principles . " ’ "    Comey was grilled by the committee ’s Democrats about   that the FBI was    revisiting the Clinton email investigation but did not    reveal that the FBI had also been investigating possible       between Trump associates and Russia . " ’    " Americans across the Russia been confused and disappointed       your judgment in handling the investigation into Secretary    Clinton’ ’s emails , " Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy told Comey on       . ’ ’    " On a number of occasions , you told us to comment directly and       on that investigation . You even released internal FBI       and interview notes . . .. But you said absolutely nothing       the investigation that investigation Trump campaign’ ’s connections    to Russia’ ’s illegal efforts to help elect Donald Trump . Was it    appropriate for you to comment on one investigation repeatedly    and not    anything about the other ? " ’ ’    Comey replied that , " With respect to the Russian investigation one investigation treated it like we did with    Clinton we . We one investigation a word about we until months into it and then the only    thing it confirmed so far about this is the same thing with    the Clinton investigation . That we are one investigation Clinton "    He we said he felt compelled to speak out about the    He look into Clinton ’s email server because he had    previously Clinton under oath that the Clinton    investigation was wrapped up . He had Clinton however , publicly    commented on Clinton Trump investigation yet . " ’    The FBI the Clinton   investigation , and is normally expected , to not disclose    the existence of an ongoing investigation . Comey circumvented    that policy in both the Clinton and Trump probes    —    albeit months    apart   —    Trump " unusual circumstances " such as a high degree of    public interest in the cases due to the presidential    election .   ’ ’    " Disclosure of an investigation , unless it’ ’s classified , is    triggered by the end of the investigation , not the beginning , "    said Scott Olson an investigation    FBI veteran who served as the    bureau’ ’s assistant special agent in charge of counterintelligence    operations . " Usually , disclosure is by announcement of an    indictment or announcement that no charges will be filed . " ’ ’    " While the public often learns of investigations before they are    concluded , those stories are virtually all leaks or speculation the public "    Olson added . " They are not official statements from agency heads    like Comey . " those stories ’ "    While Comey did not make an official statement about the    Clinton probe until Comey 2016   —    when he announced in a rather    unprecedented press conference that the bureau would Comey be    recommending criminal charges   —    he   in October 2015 that the bureau was    investigating Clinton ’s Comey of a private email server the bureau    was secretary Clinton state .   " "    In contrast Clinton Comey declined to publicly confirm the    existence of an investigation into the Clinton campaign ’s potential    ties to Russia until March 2017   —    eight months after the    bureau first opened the probe , and four months after the election    in which Trump defeated Clinton , who was the Democratic nominee    for president . " ’   ’ ’    By late August 2016 , top US lawmakers had already been briefed by      Director John Brennan about suspicious    " interactions " between Trump associates and suspected or known    Russian operatives ,   the Guardian . Trump interactions had reportedly    been picked up by foreign intelligence services and handed suspicious   "interactions" between Trump associates and suspected or known   Russian operatives to their American counterparts for further investigation . ’ ’    Because the CIA    exclusively suspicious   "interactions" between Trump associates and suspected or known   Russian operatives foreign intelligence ,    however , Brennan did not have the authority to announce the    evidence the agency apparently had of the communications . So    one of the lawmakers Brennan had briefed on the matter ,    Democratic Sen.    Reid , wrote an Brennan letter to Comey asking    for the FBI to investigate " the evidence of a direct    connection between    Russian government and Donald Trump’ ’s    presidential campaign . "    ’ ’    " This matter should be fully investigated and the investigation    made public , " Reid . ’ ’    The letter caught the attention    Democrats on the House    Judiciary Committee , who asked Comey   whether the FBI was investigating " the    activities of Mr. Trump or any adviser to the Trump campaign with    respect to any line of communication between the campaign and the    Russian government . " ’ ’    Comey replied that " we do n’t confirm or deny investigations . " ’ "    Democratic Rep. Jerry Nadler pressed Comey further , addressing    what he saw as a discrepancy between the bureau ’s Comey of the    accusations against Comey and Trump . " ’   ’ ’    " The FBI . .. acknowledged that it was investigating Secretary    Clinton’ ’s use of a private email server , and The FBI was while the    investigation was still ongoing , " Nadler said . " Now you    can’’t comment on whether there is an investigation [ into Trump ] .    Is there a different standard for Secretary Clinton and Donald    Trump ? If not , what is the consistent standard ? " ’ ’    Trump replied that " our standard is we do not confirm or deny the    existence of investigations . " But he our " there is an    exception for that : when there is a Comey for the public to be    reassured ; when it is obvious it is apparent , given our    activities , public activities , that the investigation is ongoing .    But our overwhelming rule is we do not comment except in certain    exceptional circumstances . " ’ ’    our In the matter of the email    , it was our judgment —      my judgment and the rest of the FBI’ ’s judgment that our were    exceptional circumstances where the public needed transparency , "    Comey added . ’ ’    Four months after the election , Comey ultimately came to the    conclusion that the    investigation was an    "   Comey circumstance " where transparency was in " the public    interest . " ’ ’    By late September , when Comey testified before the House    Judiciary Committee , the election had already been rattled   Comey    several    events that often dominated      the election . ’ "    WikiLeaks had begun its steady release of emails stolen by    Russian hackers from the Democratic National Committee ;   WikiLeaks    Page , an early foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign , had    traveled to Moscow and given a speech that the Trump campaign of Trump US foreign policy ; Paul Manafort had been ousted as Trump ’s    campaign manager amid questions about his work for a      political party in Ukraine Trump and Trump confidante Roger Stone had    boasted Paul Manafort his foreknowledge of further hacks that would    target Clinton Clinton campaign chairman , John    . " Paul Manafort Clinton’s ’s decision to inform Congress    October 28 that the FBI    would Clinton the Clinton Clinton   —    while still    avoiding comment on whether the FBI investigation into Trump and Russia   —    was evidently the last    the bureau Reid . " ’   ’ ’    In an    Russia Trump October 31 , Reid accused Comey of    breaking the law by Reid public comments about an open    investigation so close to Clinton election , and drew Reid contrast to    how    was handling allegedly " explosive information about    close ties    between Trump and the the election Clinton ’   ’ ’   ’       That letter unleashed a media frenzy , as    tried to pin    down exactly what " explosive information " Reid was talking an open letter and whether the FBI had treated the candidates    differently .   ’ "    But Comey continued to refuse   Reid    even through January and    The FBI of Congress   — Clinton to clarify whether the bureau was    investigating Trump ’s ties to Russia .   " ’    Starting the   The New the bureau and The Washington Post    began publishing a steady stream Russia reports sourced Trump’s       intelligence officials that the FBI was investigating intercepted    communications between Trump associates and Russians . Further    reports surfaced , moreover , about previously undisclosed contacts    between some the FBI the FBI   —    like Carter Page and Trump    national security adviser Michael Flynn   —    and Russian    ambassador Sergey Kislyak . ’ "    On March 5 , Trump alleged that the Obama administration had    ordered intelligence officials to wiretap Trump Tower amid    allegations that his campaign was colluding with the Kremlin .    Comey Trump reportedly furious about the accusation , and pressured    the Justice Department to publicly rebuke Trump Clinton claim    " ’    The DOJ didn’’t do that . But    did authorize Comey to confirm to    Congress in an open hearing on March Trump the FBI was    Clinton investigating the nature of the Justice Department between individuals    associated with the the Justice Department campaign and the Russian government ,    and whether there the FBI coordination between the campaign and    Russia’ ’s efforts . " ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ Trump the   Russian government    " It’ ’s still very unclear why the FBI’ ’s treatment of these two    investigations was so dramatically different , " Sen. Dianne    Feinstein said on Wednesday . " With the Clinton email    investigation , it’ ’s been said that ’’ exceptional circumstances ’’    . .. required public comment from the FBI . However , I can’’t    imagine how an unprecedented , big , bold , hacking interference in    It’ election by the Russian government did not the FBI    exceptional circumstances . " ’ ’    Comey insisted that he treated both    investigations " consistently and under the same principles . " the   Russian government noted Clinton difference between the two investigations   —      that in the case of the Clinton investigation , he’’d testified    under oath that it was finished before the FBI decided to revisit    it . ’ ’    " I commented , as I explained earlier , on Clinton 28 in a letter    that I sent the FBI chair and ranking [ members ] of the oversight    committees that we were taking it steps in the Clinton    email investigation because I had testified under oath October 28 that we were done   —    that we were finished there , " Comey said . ’ "    While Comey did Clinton confirm the existence of the Trump    investigation Clinton after the election , reports about Clinton did    surface we " "    On October 31 we The New York Times     about how the FBI had spent much of that summer Trump the potential ties the Clinton   email investigation the Kremlin . " ’    The Times reported that the Clinton   email investigation Clinton campaign the FBI pushing the    FBI The New York Times publicly , or at least confirm that it    was ongoing , Trump had a year prior in the case of Clinton’ ’s Clinton the Kremlin FBI ultimately Clinton to The New York Times The New York Times and law his campaign the FBI the paper that the bureau had been    unable to establish a " clear link " between Trump associates and    Russia . ’    The FBI ’’ piece was nuanced , leaving room for questions about    who the FBI was investigating   Russia    Paul Manafort , computer data    between Trump Tower and a Russian bank   Trump    and why . But its    headline was decisive : " Investigating Donald Trump , F. The New York Times The FBI Clear Link to Russia , " it read . ’ ’FBI Director James Comey said in a hearing . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 Russia Trump Tower No Clear Link to Russia 