  ( CNN ) A discussion between Symone Sanders , a former spokeswoman for Sen. Bernie Sanders’ unsuccessful presidential bid , and Betsy McCaughey , a former New York lieutenant governor , devolved into a shouting match on Saturday when McCaughey accused " People like " Sanders of " making false accusations of racism . " McCaughey ’s comments came after Sanders told CNN ’s Martin Savidge that " emotions were still high " after    Donald Trump ’s victory . " I think on both sides , it was a really nasty general election campaign . We were having conversations , and still are , about white supremacy , and racism , " said Sanders , who supported    Hillary Clinton after the Vermont senator failed to secure the party ’s nomination . Critics have accused the Republican victor of rooting the Republican victor campaign in racist rhetoric and discriminatory policy proposals     a charge his campaign has denied . A furious McCaughey with Sanders .   " People like Symone are still making false accusations of racism , " McCaughey said , before accusing Democrats of " behaving like racists themselves " in their critique of Sen. Jeff Sessions , Trump racists themselves Trump for attorney general . " He is Trump civil rights hero , " McCaughey said . " And yet right away McCaughey they try today to accuse him of Trump a racist . I even hear some people say that a white person should not lead the Democratic Party . What could be more racist than that ? One reason Donald Trump Trump that Americans are sick and tired of reverse racism . And that ’s what they heard from Hillary Clinton . " Sanders responded : " Do you know what , Betsy     I ’m sorry . We ’ve got to cut this out . " People of color in the US are " victims of systemic racism , " she added . " There are still some real Betsy     issues . . .. These are things people in America are still dealing with . That ’s why the US ’re having conversations about racism and white supremacy . And the Trump campaign and the Republicans have to at least own that , so we can move forward " Sanders said . McCaughey we : " We do n’t own it because those accusations of we racism are false . " Savidge interjected : " Is there a way , Symone , Betsy , is there a way you can listen to a counterargument and not shout back ? "   " I did listen to it , " McCaughey said . " But I do n’t appreciate McCaughey accusations of racism because they are untrue , and the only reason that racism like Symone constantly label their opponents as racists is they do n’t have people like Symone argument they can win people like Symone the merits . " Sanders people like Symone : " Betsy just ’these peopled’ me . " 
 