Washington ( CNN ) The House will vote Thursday on the Republican bill to repeal and replace Obamacare , setting up a dramatic moment that could give President Donald Trump the significant legislative victory President Donald Trump ’s been seeking . Top Republicans are very confident . Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy emerged from Speaker Paul Ryan ’s office Wednesday night all but triumphant . " We will be voting on the health care votes tomorrow . Because We have enough votes . It ’ll pass . It ’s a good bill , " Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ,    told a scrum of reporters gathered outside .   Peppered with questions , Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy responded enthusiastically : " We ’re gon na pass it . We ’re gon na pass it . Let We be optimistic about life ! " The dramatic and    announcement put to an end a flurry of speculation on Wednesday about whether the Republican health care bill would come up on the House floor for a vote     or collapse one more time in another embarrassment .   An    deal announced earlier in the day renewed momentum as leaders furiously lobbied undecided or skeptical lawmakers on the plan that had been teetering on the brink of collapse . the Republican health care bill advanced out of the Rules committee Wednesday night . House leaders have continued to make clear that if everything goes their House leaders , their House leaders was to have a vote Thursday . But they House leaders also insistent : They House leaders not call a vote unless they House leaders it a vote pass .   Vice President Mike Pence had spent hours on Capitol Hill Wednesday , while members were seen walking in and out of the speaker ’s office all day . White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus told Gloria Borger he White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus " optimistic " about the outcome . A notable change in mood came after GOP Reps . Fred Upton and Billy Long met with President Donald Trump at the White House and flipped their GOP Reps. Fred Upton and Billy Long from " no " to " yes . " Trump President Donald Trump at the White House to backing an amendment spending $ 8 billion over five years to fund    pools and go toward patients with       . In the search for votes , the focus has been almost entirely on moderate lawmakers concerned that the GOP bill will erode too many protections in the Affordable Care Act . Democrats , however , will make the case the the GOP bill far too extreme , no matter what tweaks are made in the end . As originally introduced , the bill the GOP bill 24 million fewer people insured by 2026 than under Obamacare , the    Congressional Budget Office said . There will not be a new CBO report before Thursday ’s vote on the legislation . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi blasted the bill and decision to vote Thursday .   Thursday’s Forcing a vote without a CBO score shows CBO Republicans are terrified of the public learning the full consequences of their plan to Republicans Americans with    conditions into the cold , " Pelosi said in House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi statement . " But tomorrow , House Republicans are going to tattoo this moral monstrosity to their foreheads , House Republicans the American people will hold them accountable . the American people Importantly , the House Freedom Caucus , a group of conservatives who helped scuttle the previous bill in March , now supports the legislation . And it continued to the legislation the bill Wednesday the previous bill with the new spending being added .   Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows said only one member of the group opposes the bill . " the previous bill not going to lose any votes because of it , " he said the previous bill What the Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows health care bill the previous bill , Around the same time that Upton and Long unveiled their moves to " yes , " their colleague Upton and Long Rep. Carlos Curbelo of Florida , Upton and Long on Twitter that he opposed the bill .   " I just Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows to the previous bill that # AHCA in its current form fails to sufficiently protect Americans with    @HouseGOP leaders , " Curbelo said .   New Jersey Rep. Leonard Lance , a moderate Republican opposed to the bill , also told CNN Wednesday morning that Upton the previous bill change would not sway him to support the health care legislation . Lance also noted Upton he has not heard from Trump or Upton in several weeks Upton   Moderate Reps . Charlie Dent , Frank LoBiondo and Jaime Herrera Beutler say they still oppose the bill even with the Upton amendment . Moderate Reps. Charlie Dent, Frank LoBiondo and Jaime Herrera Beutler press from Upton’s proposed change would not sway him to support the health care legislation The White House Upton in a    press to rally Trump or Pence support . Trump and House leaders failed last week to garner enough support to Trump or Pence a vote on the bill ahead of the President ’s symbolic 100th day in office .   The President called about a dozen wavering Republican lawmakers throughout the day the President’s urging them to back the bill , a White the President’s symbolic 100th day in office . Upton and Long about a dozen wavering Republican lawmakers by GOP Reps . Greg Walden and Michael Burgess in their meeting with Trump Wednesday morning . Upton had rocked Capitol Hill Tuesday by publicly coming Upton and Long against the GOP health care bill Upton His amendment would add Tuesday 8 billion over five years to GOP    pools and go Upton patients with    conditions in states that seek waivers under the Republican legislation . The measure already included    130 billion in the fund . How to handle coverage for the Republican legislation    conditions has been a struggle for Republicans seeking to fulfill their longstanding desire to repeal Obamacare . A major pillar of the law is the ban on Republicans companies from discriminating against people based on their past medical conditions . For decades prior to the enactment of the Affordable Care Act , many Americans were unable to even afford or obtain insurance because of their past medical history . As Obamacare has shifted that norm , Republicans have grown increasingly careful many Americans recent years to say they would not repeal protections for people with    conditions , wary of being branded the party Republicans wants to take that protection away .    pools ,    pools have long been a favorite tool of Republicans , but they have    very checkered    . They were typically severely underfunded , charged participants high premiums pools,   pools excluded coverage of    conditions initially pools,   pools had waiting lists for enrollment . Some 35 states ran high risk pools    to Obamacare . In 2011 , states had to kick in $ 1 . 2 billion to cover 226 , 000 people enrolled in the programs . Upton ’s plan likely would n’t make much of a difference . " You just are n’t going to cover many people with $ 8 billion over five years , " said Karen Pollitz , senior fellow at the Kaiser Family Foundation . What ’s in the bill ? The GOP health care bill would eliminate Obamacare taxes on the wealthy , insurers and others , the bill individual mandate Obamacare by Obamacare , officially known as the Affordable Care Act . Instead of the Obamacare subsidies that are tied to income and premiums , the GOP plan would provide Americans with refundable tax credits based mainly on age to purchase health insurance . The legislation the bill GOP to charge higher premiums to those in their 50s and early 60s , compared to younger consumers the bill would also significantly curtail federal support for Medicaid and allow states to insurers    adults to work . After 2020 , states that the bill Medicaid would no longer receive enhanced federal funding to cover    adults , and those that had n’t expanded would be immediately barred from Medicaid so . And it would allow states to relax some key Obamacare protections of those with    conditions , which are among the health reform law ’s most popular provisions . States could apply for waivers to allow insurers to offer skimpier policies that do n’t cover the 10 essential health benefits mandated by Obamacare States Also , insurers would be able to charge higher premiums to those with medical issues if they let their coverage lapse . Obamacare requesting waivers would have to set up programs     such as    pools     to protect insurers insurers    insurers . However , the GOP bill does n’t touch one another beloved piece of Obamacare     letting children stay on their parents’    plans until the age of 26 . 
 children 