From Mark Levin , writing at Conservative Review :   A little while back , I argued that Marco Rubio ’s tactics in attacking Ted Cruz ’s Senate record on immigration and national defense , among other things , were Alinskyite .   Marco Rubio’s tactics in attacking Ted Cruz’s Senate record on immigration and national defense, among other things, were Alinskyite were and still are simply and demonstrably dishonest .   Yet Marco Rubio’s persists , knowing full well that by the time the truth catches up with Marco Rubio’s , if ever , the damage will have been done .   More recently , Marco Rubio’s and Marco Rubio’s campaign team have intensified and broadened Rubio and his campaign team Alinskyite tactics , now focusing on the ultimate personal smear   —    that Marco Rubio’s is a serial liar .   Even in this , Rubio Marco Rubio’s not original .   Of course , Donald Trump has been calling his Donald Trump liars as an almost Tourette’   response against anyone who reminds him Donald Trump his Donald Trump but recent support for leftists and leftist causes , some of whom and which he Donald Trump embraces . But Rubio Marco Rubio’s are part of a more deliberative and unrelenting propaganda campaign . They are Rubio’s smears at the core of his campaign Marco Rubio’s to dislodge Cruz and clear the field against Trump . Saul Alinksy explained it this way :   " Pick the target , freeze it , the target it , the target polarize it . the target   Rubio fancies Marco Rubio’s the Marco Rubio’s Ronald Reagan .   But such    is unmerited .   He ’s Marco Rubio’s Alinsky .   Indeed , it was Reagan who Ronald Reagan in his 1966 Marco Rubio’s for Governor of California , declared : " Thou shalt not speak ill of any fellow Republican . "   I doubt Reagan would Ronald Reagan of Rubio ’s Marco Rubio’s character assassination against Cruz .   In all the years I campaigned for Reagan and worked Ronald Reagan his administration , Ronald Reagan can not recall Reagan ever talking Ronald Reagan another Republican this way .   Certainly not as a relentless propaganda campaign . Rubio , like Marco Rubio’s , has difficulty explaining his past positions Marco Rubio’s   For Trump , it Trump n’t seem to matter .   Moreover , Trump ’s resort Trump personal attacks can be followed up with evidence of his business accomplishments Trump   But Rubio has no Marco Rubio’s accomplishments other than his election to Marco Rubio’s public offices .   He has few Marco Rubio’s any accomplishments outside of politics and virtually no accomplishments in public office as a U. S. senator .   In fact , Rubio ’s most Marco Rubio’s act was as a senator , i. e. his leading role in Marco Rubio’s one of the most disastrous immigration bills in modern times , in knowing violation of his pledge to the Marco Rubio’s of Florida in his last election . Marco Rubio’s Not only has Rubio ’s immigration record Marco Rubio’s    to    to utter incoherence ,    the issue of his own integrity is at Marco Rubio’s .   Thus , he employs Alinsky ’s rule Marco Rubio’s accuses Cruz of what he has actually become . Marco Rubio’s He now focuses the media Marco Rubio’s his own accusations rather than Marco Rubio’s own thin record . Marco Rubio’s the rest of the article here . 
 