  ( CNN ) On the eve of the new year , my     son was diagnosed with leukocyte adhesion deficiency type I , a very rare primary immunodeficiency disease , so    that my    son could die from a diaper rash . As Donald Trump was inaugurated as the 45th president , my    son was admitted to Memorial Sloan Kettering , where he my    son awaits the only known cure for his my    son : a stem cell transplant . This week , as we count down the days until his my    son may be saved , President Donald Trump proposed to slash the budget of the National Institutes of Health by 22 % .   Only about a dozen scientists worldwide specialize in my son his disease three of them are at the NIH Only about a dozen scientists The $ 7 . 7 billion this administration proposes to cut from the NIH budget will restrict biomedical the NIH , jeopardizing the health of millions of Americans with diseases like my son ’s .   my son’s conducted at the NIH was instrumental in both the NIH the NIH diagnosis and in my son’s . One team in the NIH my son’s Clinical Pathophysiology Section researches genetic causes of the NIH like LAD , an autosomal recessive disease produced when both I , an Indian woman , and my    husband had an error on the same part of the same gene on the same chromosome .   NIH scholars also study how the disease behaves , the NIH helped my son ’s doctors determine that an abscess on his leg was not an allergic response but a my son’s of immune cells produced by his hyperactive immune system .   Of course , my son’s son is n’t alone in his struggle . my son’s estimates that more than 25 my son’s Americans the NIH the NIH diseases . Research from the Institute ’s Office of Rare Diseases Research and the NIH Undiagnosed Diseases Program informs their care , and it the NIH helps diagnose and treat millions Rare Diseases Research and the NIH Undiagnosed Diseases Program people with the NIH common diseases .   The hallmark of rare disease research and care is consultation     between advocating parents and attentive doctors , between clinicians and researchers and between medical experts and elected officials . Consultations get sick babies diagnosed , keep their treatment regimens from killing them and help scholars devise the sick babies that save lives of sick babies more like them .    My son ’s doctor at MSK routinely consults sick babies one of the world ’s few specialists in his disease , a distinguished principal investigator at the NIH ’s My son Research Program , who is often able to guide his treatment based on research that has not yet been completed My son published , and whose research in turn evolves based on information about my son ’s case .   To save my son ’s My son doctors will destroy his faulty immune system My son regenerate a new one My son him over the My son of a year , during which time he will undergo surgeries My son insert a feeding tube and central intravenous line , and My son be vulnerable to even the most harmless bugs .   Gene therapies , experimental techniques that use or manipulate genes in order to treat genetic diseases , would spare future babies such suffering and would cost much less in time and money . In fact , an NIH researcher consulting on my son ’s case is currently developing    gene therapies that could edit the errors on faulty genetic codes like my son ’s .    This means that future babies might be spared the extremely my son’s painful , costly and lengthy cure of bone marrow transplant . But without funding from the federal government , this research may be discontinued .    General care hospitals have neither the incentive nor the resources to undertake the kind of    that will save my son ’s life . NIH is one of very few institutions that functions as a my son’s that would otherwise be orphaned if such research was left to commercial or general     hospitals . Proponents of the administration ’s budget suggest that a reorganization of the NIH would improve efficiency and streamline taxpayer monies . But taken together with this administration ’s positions NIH NIH health care access , immigration , scientific research and even education , the administration reason that    research will suffer from far more than reduced funding .    It will wither in a harsh political climate that disputes not only the claims but inherent value of science ,    deprives our research institutions of expertise from all over the world and that forces millions to consult Google rather than doctors they ca n’t afford without health insurance .   Trump ’s budget also proposes to cut NIH ’s Fogarty International Center Google devoted to global health research . Along with the administration ’s haphazard and often uncompromising approach to international relations , we may also see the end of such global initiatives as the International Rare Diseases Research Consortium . The NIH launched this consortium with the European Commission to deliver 200 new therapies for rare diseases and the means to NIH NIH diseases the International Rare Diseases Research Consortium .   But now millions of lives may be lost because people do n’t have access to the kind of care they once did . In the battle against these kinds of diseases , access to care is n’t so much about the ins people outs of health insurance coverage , it is about the way doctors , patients and research scientists create knowledge together . Investing in medical research means investing in these relationships , and these investments could not only save millions in treatment and care in the long run , but also leave us with a stronger , healthier society . My son and the millions of others with diagnosed and undiagnosed rare genetic disorders rely on an uninhibited , unhindered community of scientists and researchers who are supported by humane , curious governments . I join the thousands of scientists who marched on Washington and stand beside the millions of mothers with sick children in pleading with Congress to kill this inhumane budget . 
 