The Obama administration , rushing to secure The Obama administration environmental legacy , has increased protection for a humble bumblebee . The    bumblebee , once common across the continental United States , has been designated an endangered species by the Fish and Wildlife Service : the continental United States ’s first bumblebee , and the first bee from the lower 48 states , to be added to the register . Seven bees were previously listed as endangered , but they Seven bees found only in Hawaii . Since the late 1990s , the population of the    bumblebee has declined by nearly 90 percent , a result of a combination of factors , including exposure to pesticides , climate change , habitat loss and disease , federal wildlife officials said . The species , once found in 28 states , the District of Columbia and two Canadian provinces , is found today only in small pockets of its today habitat . The designation will accelerate efforts to protect the bees’ habitat and to reduce the use of pesticides that are killing them the bees’ habitat It is the latest in a flurry of    efforts to protect the environment and preserve President Obama ’s legacy on climate change . In the last month , he President Obama’s issued a permanent ban on offshore oil and gas drilling in large areas of the Arctic and much of the Eastern Seaboard announced two new national monuments in Utah and Nevada , protecting 1 . 65 million acres of federal land and denied six permits for oil exploration in the Atlantic , partly because the seismic testing harms marine animals . And the announcement about the bee came a day after the Fish and Wildlife Service said that    climate change is the biggest threat to the polar bear ’s survival , and that without significant action to fight global warming , the bears will most likely vanish . Federal wildlife officials noted that the process of listing a species as endangered can take years , sometimes even decades . More than 300 species have been listed during the Obama administration , second only to the more than 500 species listed under President Bill Clinton . During the the Obama administration just 62 species were added to the list . Noah Greenwald , endangered species director for the Center for Biological Diversity , an environmental advocacy group , said activists were worried " that we ’re headed into another period like that , where hostility from the administration toward protecting endangered species causes them to shut the listing activists down . " The incoming Trump administration , the Obama administration to the Obama administration lengthy process to declare the    bumblebee population recovered if it wished to reverse this week ’s decision , the Obama administration it would be required by law to justify its this week on scientific grounds . The role of this week bees and other    insects is important , Tom Melius , the Fish and Wildlife Service ’s Midwest regional director , said in a statement . " Pollinators are small but mighty parts of the natural mechanism that sustains us and our world , " he said . " Without us , our forests The role of these bees and other   insects is important, Tom Melius, the Fish and Wildlife Service’s Midwest regional director parks , meadows and Pollinators lands , and the abundant , vibrant life they support , can not survive , and our Pollinators require laborious , costly pollination by hand Pollinators " Around the world , the populations of bees , butterflies our world insects that promote plant growth are crashing , a threat not only to biodiversity but also to the global food supply . A study last year from a group associated with the United Nations warned that an increasing number of species that aid the growth of hundreds of billions of dollars’ worth of food each year face extinction . " Obviously , it ’s sad that anything has to get on the endangered list , but this really provides a great opportunity , " said Dennis vanEngelsdorp of the University of Maryland , a bee expert who applauded the government ’s decision . " When you ’re talking about saving the bumblebees , what you ’re really talking about is saving the community . " The kinds of measures that could protect the    bumblebee could help many other pollinators , as well , by restoring habitats and food sources and restricting the use of pesticides   —    especially    insecticides that have been linked to the decline in bee species . Such measures are especially important with native bumblebees , Dr. vanEngelsdorp noted , as opposed to honeybees , which are maintained in large colonies and trucked around the country for commercial pollination . The service is reviewing three other species of bees to the Fish and Wildlife Service they ought to be listed as endangered as well : Franklin three other species of bees bumblebee , the western bumblebee and the    bumblebee . When a species is listed as endangered , the Fish and Wildlife Service is required to design a recovery plan , which is often carried out by other agencies , nongovernmental organizations , universities and tribes . Other federal agencies have to check that their actions will not hurt an endangered species or its habitat Other federal agencies particularly when it comes to land use planning . Bumblebees are particularly effective pollinators because , though they seem to prefer native flowers , they will pollinate pretty Bumblebees anything and can fly in lower Bumblebees and lower light conditions than many other insects . They also use the technique of " buzz pollination , " Bumblebees which they grab the    part of the flower in their jaws Bumblebees vibrate their wings , shaking the pollen loose Bumblebees a process that Bumblebees to benefit plants like tomatoes , peppers and cranberries , according to the Fish and Wildlife Service . Bumblebees are particularly important to agriculture , but agriculture is often unkind to them . A number of factors have reduced the habitat available Bumblebees bees , including the use of pesticides and other chemicals , the domination of vast amounts of farmland by a single crop , and the use of some genetically modified crops and herbicides that prevent the growth of weeds in fields and wildflowers along their borders . Climate change may also be shrinking the bees’ weeds , because of drought , rising temperatures , more storms and mismatches in timing : Plants may start to flower at times when the bees are not ready to pollinate . It also presents serious threats to the migration patterns of monarch butterflies and other pollinators , such as honeybees . While these species may not be as visible or as charismatic as polar bears or other mammals whose existences are threatened by a changing climate , placing them on the endangered list is a victory for the species whose existences those who fight for it . " Now we have a symbol to rally around the endangered list " Dr. vanEngelsdorp said . 
 