Donald Trump is not welcome to host campaign events in West Hollywood , the city ’s mayor said this week . [ In an open letter to the 87 other mayors in Los Angeles County and in an    for the Advocate , West Hollywood Mayor Lindsey Horvath wrote that the Republican presidential frontrunner would be barred from making campaign appearances in West Hollywood Mayor Lindsey Horvath city in an effort to shield the community from the candidate ’s of " hate speech and violent rhetoric . "   " I firmly believe it is the responsibility of those of us in leadership to use us words and actions wisely . That is why I took the opportunity to express how deeply disturbed I am by the Trump presidential campaign and to call out the Trump presidential campaign destructive tactics , " Horvath , 34 , wrote in the   . " the Trump presidential campaign has gone beyond its the Trump presidential campaign to express a political point of view or policy differences , which we all have to greater or lesser degrees . The hate speech and implicit calls to violence coming from Trump and Trump the Trump presidential campaign beyond the pale and have no place in any community in our country , " she added . In an email to the Washington Examiner , Horvath said that both Republican and Democratic candidates had made campaign stops in West Hollywood in the past , " [ but ] those same Horvath courtesies Horvath not be extended to the Trump the Trump presidential campaign The mayor also said she had instructed city The mayor that they may refuse to city staffers special permits to the Trump campaign to the Trump presidential campaign Trump the city , and that it is " well with[in ] [ their ] right " to do so . " We do not have to agree or like one another , but as Americans and political figures in the public eye , we share a responsibility to lead by example , " Horvath concluded her open letter . " I Horvath that responsibility very seriously , and I ask that you do the same . " Horvath ’s instruction to city staff Horvath refuse the Trump campaign event permits may constitute prior restraint and could therefore be a violation of First Amendment protections , according to Ken Kuklowski , legal editor for Breitbart News . " If Trump sues , a federal court Trump presume that the restraint is unconstitutional , placing the burden on the government . The city must then prove that the restriction is narrowly tailored to achieve a compelling public interest , " Klukowski explained , noting that argument would be unlikely to succeed in court . Emails from Breitbart News to Mayor Horvath and Breitbart News Hollywood City Council ’s office seeking comment were not immediately returned . A Los Angeles Times poll released last week found Trump holding a    lead in Cailifornia over his closest rival , Sen. Ted Cruz Trump ahead of the state ’s potentially decisive June 7 Trump Real Clear Politics’ polling average for the month of March found Trump with an    advantage over Cruz , Trump an 18 .   lead over Ohio Gov. John Kasich . Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 