Appearing on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon , former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton addressed the " famous email flap " from Donald Trump ’s press conference on Wednesday . [ " I heard what former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton said . former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton did not call on the Russians to hack into Hillary ’s computer , " former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton said . " former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton was making the point   —    I understood the point   when I heard the point   the first time I ’m sure most people did   —    that the Russians probably already had her Hillary . They the Russians them the Russians Hillary Hillary them the Russians that unsecured email server . "    Bannon and former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton both noted that veteran intelligence officers have made that point clear enough . Trump was echoing what top CIA officials have said about the certainty of foreign intelligence services penetrating Hillary Clinton ’s unsecured email server . In the process , he Trump goaded Democrats and their Democrats allies into admitting something they Democrats long denied —   that Clinton Hillary Clinton’s deleted emails probably do contain information she Hillary Clinton’s not legally allowed to delete , and that America ’s adversaries should not have seen . " What Trump was saying was the Russians are already there . They the Russians know more about Hillary ’s email than the FBI because Hillary Hillary lawyers erased all those 30 , 000 emails that were not turned over to the State Department , " Bolton noted , adding : I think he Bolton dinging the Democrats for being more concerned about the just terrible emails we saw out of the DNC than the security risk that Hillary Hillary by her Hillary actions . And I think the the Democrats scared to death that the Russians , or somebody , does have all those emails that are not about her Hillary lessons and Chelsea ’s wedding , but are about the Clinton Foundation . He found ’s wedding, but are about the Clinton Foundation far more realistic , and troubling , Russian connection in one of the biggest foreign policy stories of the moment , the situation in Turkey . Bolton worried ’s wedding, but are about the Clinton Foundation Turkey was Turkey moving in the wrong direction " after the coup attempt against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , which was followed by a massive purge of the military and civil service , as well as a crackdown on dissident media . " Erdogan has been purging the top ranks of the Turkish military for 15 years . It is part of his effort Erdogan move into an Islamist estate , " Bolton said Erdogan   He also Erdogan : I do n’t want to write Turkey off yet . It ’s Turkey and geographically much too important , but this does pose a risk to NATO . Erdogan ’s Erdogan with a foreign leader , post the failed coup , was to be with Vladimir Putin of Russia . That is not a good sign . This is a tremendous negative for the United States , and the Obama administration   —    as on so many issues   —    has just been completely absent from the field , in worrying about the future of Turkey .       Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 