’   ’ "      Donald Trump ’s former campaign manager again    strongly suggested on Sunday that former campaign manager supporters would not    back former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney for secretary of    state . " "    Kellyanne Conway , one of Trump ’s top advisers , told CNN ’s Dana    Bash that while Dana    hoped his supporters would not   back former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney for secretary of   state would be a gracious    secretary of state if selected , his supporters would not   back former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney for secretary of   state aggressive criticism of Trump’s during the 2016 Republican primary did not sit well with the     ’s supporters . " ’    " It’ ’s just breathtaking in scope and intensity the type of    messages I have received from all over the country , " Conway said .       The number of people who feel betrayed to think that Governor    Romney would get the most prominent Cabinet post , after he Governor   Romney    so far out of his Governor   Romney to hurt Donald Trump   —    there was the Never    Trump movement , and then there was Mitt Governor   Romney " ’ ’    She added : " If    Trump chooses Mitt Romney Governor   Romney    secretary Governor   Romney state , or whomever he chooses , Governor   Romney will have the    full support and backing of all of us . I respect the brilliance    and judgment and sheer instincts of    Trump to   Trump his Cabinet as he wishes . But his felt compelled to come forward on    behalf of the people who were weighing in . " ’ ’    Conway argued that Romney " attacked    [ Trump’ ’s ] character . " She also noted that several of    the former governor’ ’s staffers were highly critical of the       and questioned whether Romney had the    Romney    credentials to deserve the position . ’ ’    " Has he been around the globe doing something on behalf of the    United States , of which we’’re unaware ? " Conway said . " I’’m all for    party unity , but I’’m not sure that we have to pay for that with    the secretary of state position . " ’ "    Conway ’s has gone on a     as Trump weighs several options to be his top    diplomat Trump " ’    After tweeting earlier this week that she’’d received messages    from supporters voicing their displeasure with Romney    Conway    repeated to ABC’ ’s Martha Raddatz on Sunday that Romney " went    Romney of his way " to Romney Trump . ’ ’    The ’ ’    joined   who have taken to the airwaves    with their arguments against Romney . ’ ’ Romney Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Fox News host Sean Hannity    last week both voiced displeasure at reports that Trump was    considering Romney over former New Romney City Mayor Rudy Giuliani .    Though Giuliani was an early frontrunner for former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani post ,    Trump was   concerned by Trump Trump    to Giuliani based on his complicated business ties former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani    and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani overt public campaigning for the job former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani ’ "    Some observers like former senior advisor to President Barack    Obama David Axelrod noted    campaign staffers do n’t    often publicly lobby their former bosses    soon after an campaign staffers election . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI meant " to " box the boss in . Either way , it’ ’s remarkable . I wonder if   appreciates being manipulated in public like this ?   ’ ’    Others like Joe Scarborough , who occasionally advises Trump ,    challenged the    to stand up to his former top    aides . ’    ’ ’ ’t’t’tI suspect the    fan of the shows , will be hearing this first thing in the morning . Strap in .   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tConway : Trump backers feel " betrayed " he is considering Romney for secretary of ’t’t’tConway    ’ 
 