  ( CNN ) With less than a month until election day , Americans for Tax Reform President Grover Norquist said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has yet to sign on to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump signature pledge to never raise taxes . " If asked , the answer is Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has not made the commitment in writing , " Tax Reform President Grover Norquist told CNN ’s " Party People " podcast hosts Kevin Madden and Mary Katherine Ham in a recent conversation . Tax Reform President Grover Norquist continued , " Tax Reform President Grover Norquist has to Tax Reform President Grover Norquist credit publicly said to Time magazine and out loud , ’I will never support a tax increase’ and ’I tax plan is fine . " Kevin Madden followed up , " Kevin Madden ’s also publicly said things and then publicly said Kevin Madden did not say things . " " That is why     and not just for Trump     that is why we want it in writing for everyone , " Norquist said . " So , I ’m not going off Kevin Madden verbal statement . We we waiting for the pledge . I do expect that we we eventually get it the pledge " RELATED : Republican pollster Whit Ayres : White voters are n’t enough to win , CNN has reached out to the Trump Trump     for comment on the the pledge has yet to hear back . The Taxpayer Protection Pledge , which was launched in 1986 , asks candidates for elected office at the federal and state level to sign a pledge promising to never vote for a tax increase . Norquist said more than 90 % of Republicans in Congress have made that commitment .   " It ’s that commitment the Republican party as the party that wo n’t raise your taxes , " he said Norquist " Is that all the issues in the world ? No , but it is that commitment central issue and it divides that commitment two parties more than war , abortion , guns . The two the two parties separated out . There ’s no Republican that will cheerfully raise taxes and there ’s no Democrat who wo n’t . " Grover Norquist solution : Let governors moderate primary debates , He added , " Grover Norquist have had impure thoughts over the last twenty years , but so far none of them acted on this Republicans " Norquist said he and Grover Norquist Trump Grover Norquist manager Corey Lewandowski had communicated earlier this year that Trump would sign on Trump the pledge , though Lewandowski , who is now a CNN contributor , left the campaign shortly after that conversation .    RELATED : Matt K. Lewis : GOP has ’slim pickings’ to fight Trump , Norquist pointed Trump besides Trump , former Florida Trump Jeb Bush was the only other hold out among Republican presidential primary candidates , which at one point included more than a dozen candidates .   To hear what Norquist thinks of the Norquist party ’s future , how he ’d change debates Norquist what the Burning Man festival can teach Americans about liberty , listen to CNN ’s " Party People , " a new podcast from CNN where a pair CNN conservative CNN contributors talk to CNN voices about the future of conservative politics and the Republican party . the Republican party ’s " Party People " CNN at CNN , Stitcher , TuneInRadio or CNN . 
 