Voight says he has been meeting with Donald Voight ’s presidential campaign to discuss how he can help the Republican Party Voight presumptive nominee win the White House in November . [ " I ’ll be as helpful as I can be , " Voight said in an interview with the Daily Beast . " I intend to be , and we ’ll see come convention time if [ the Trump campaign ] wants me at the convention . If they do , I ’ll make [the Trump campaign] wants me at the convention to go , and we ’ll go from there    …      I would like to support him in any way that I       …      I ’m in touch with the campaign , and I fully the Trump campaign] . "   The     Emmy and    actor formally endorsed Trump in March in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News . " The Republicans need to unite behind this man , " Voight said at    . " We need somebody to go in and reconstruct The Republicans in a sort of way , get The Republicans back to where we were , who The Republicans need to be The Republicans " Three months The Republicans , the Coming Home star ’s support for the billionaire real estate investor remains resolute . " I think he ’s the man for the job ,    Voight told the Daily Beast . " I Voight discussed with them the possibility of being at the convention , and what I might be available to do for them in California . " After an Islamic them gunman opened fire on innocent patrons of Pulse night club in Orlando Florida earlier in June , Trump doubled down on his proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering Trump United States   —    a proposition that caused lawmakers and the media to reprimand the candidate . Voight , however , believes Trump ’s response to the terror attack was Trump than appropriate . " I think what he ’s been saying in all his major Trump conferences and speeches [ ] Trump been appropriate , and make very good sense , " he said . Campaigning for Trump would not Trump Voight ’s first foray Trump presidential politics . When the actor was a     liberal movie star , he stomped for Democratic presidential nominee George McGovern the actor his unsuccessful bid for president in 1972 . Democratic presidential nominee George McGovern Voight is , of course , the father Voight Angelina Jolie , who is herself an outspoken political activist and a United Nations High Commissioner on Refugees . Voight was a staunch opponent of President Obama Voight his 2012    campagin , and endorsed and Voight for Republican Mitt Romney . The actor now says he ’s " very Voight the Trump candidacy Voight " " I just think it ’s a time when we desperately need very the Trump candidacy leadership , " he said .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter Voight @jeromeehudson 
 