Tuesday Evansville , IN , Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz rival Donald Trump was a " pathological liar " who " does n’t know the difference between truth and lies . "   Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz said , " I ’m going to do something   I have n’t done for the entire campaign . For those of you who have traveled with me all across the country . I ’m going to tell you what I really think of Donald Trump . Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz is a pathological liar . He Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz n’t know the difference the difference between truth and lies Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz practically every word that comes out of his Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz . And in a pattern that I think is straight out of a psychology textbook , his Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz is to accuse everybody else of lying . He Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz everybody on that debate stage of lying . And it ’s simply a mindless yell . Whatever he Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz , he Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz everyone else of doing . The Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz not tell the truth , but he combines Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz with being a narcissist . A narcissist the truth a level I do n’t think this country has ever seen . Donald Trump is such a narcissist that Barack Obama looks at him and goes , ‘ dude , what Donald Trump your problem?’ Everything in Donald ’s world is about Donald . And he combines being a pathological Donald , and Donald say pathological because I actually think Donald , if you hooked him up to Donald lie detector test , Donald could say one thing in the morning Donald one thing at noon and one thing in the evening , all contradictory and he ’s pass the lie detector test each Donald . Whatever lie he ’s telling , at that minute he Donald it . But the man is Donald amoral that minute " He Donald " The man is utterly amoral Donald Morality does not Donald him . It ’s why he went after Heidi directly Donald smeared my wife , Donald her . Apparently she ’s not pretty enough for Donald Heidi . I Heidi be biased , but I think if he ’s making that allegation , he ’s also legally Donald . But Donald is a Donald . You know , we just Donald Trump with fifth graders . every one of us knew bullies in elementary school . Bullies do n’t we from strength , bullies come from weakness . bullies come from a deep , yawning cavern of insecurity . There is a reason Donald builds giant builds and puts his name on them Donald Trump he goes . " Follow Donald Trump Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Donald Trump 