Wednesday on his syndicated radio show , conservative talker Sean Hannity criticized several    Republicans for how several   Republicans have treated several   Republicans party ’s nominee Donald Trump .   According to conservative talker Sean Hannity , if their party’s nominee Donald Trump loses in November , House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) will be to blame for the loss because House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) have spent more time criticizing their party’s nominee Donald Trump than President Barack Obama . " If in 96 days their party’s nominee Donald Trump loses this election , I am pointing the finger directly at people like House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) if he wo n’t endorse   —    and Jeb Bush and everybody else that made promises Ted Cruz ’re not keeping , " Hannity said . " And because I have watched and people like Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell and Lindsey Graham and John McCain and John Kasich and Ted Cruz to the point of incredible frustration   —    I have watched these Republicans be more harsh towards Donald Trump than they ’ve ever been in standing up to Barack Obama and his radical agenda that had these Republicans the debt , that has resulted in a    low Barack Obama home ownership in this country , the percentage of homes that are owned by Americans , the lowest labor participation rate since the 70s and that has led to millions and millions of Americans in poverty and on food stamps and out of the labor force . " " They did nothing , nothing   —    all these phony votes to repeal and replace ObamaCare , show votes so they can go back and keep their power and get reelected , " he added . They Sorry , you created Donald They , all of you because of your ineffectiveness , because of your weakness , your spinelessness , your lack all of you vision , your inability to fight Obama . Your fear of being blamed for a government shutdown and I ’m getting a little sick and tired of all of you . Honestly I am tempted to just say I do n’t support any of you all of you ever . You know what , Paul Ryan wants to play this game   —    I have n’t made up my mind either . He ’s running against a guy in the primary . I have n’t made up mind Paul Ryan I ’m going to support . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 ’m 