New York ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton goes after those Trump neckties . Trump ’s in a New York state of mind . And all eyes are on data and the ground game . Our reporters explore all this and more in this week ’s " Inside Politics " forecast , where you get tomorrow ’s headlines today . 1 ) Clinton ’s slams Trump ’s Trump , Donald Trump wears Trump : real estate mogul , reality show star and now , Republican presidential nominee . So how does an opponent take on Trump when his appeal Trump beyond Trump ?   The Clinton campaign may have Clinton answer . Clinton ’s camp believes Clinton starting to see Clinton’s camp from its attacks on Trump ’s Clinton’s camp record Trump the      jab when it comes to    products . CNN ’s MJ Lee says new Bloomberg Politics polling finds 61 % of likely voters are less impressed with Trump ’s business expertise now Trump to the start of the primary campaign . And if Clinton ’s messaging is working , Lee says her campaign will really be MJ Lee it the primary campaign swing states : " The the primary campaign campaign has been very relentless in the primary campaign Clinton    especially in going after his business practices like his ties made in Bangladesh . Donald Trump    was an ad Donald Trump      I saw in Nevada over the weekend . And if you look at her schedule in the coming weeks , MJ Lee is going to Pennsylvania with Vice MJ Lee Joe Biden and then Ohio . These are places where they especially want that kind of message to stick . These 2 ) Seeing red in blue NY , Nothing in 2016 has been business as usual , so why should the electoral map ? At least that ’s what Trump is hoping .   He ’s said time and time again that he wants Trump states in play than the ones the Trump has traditionally targeted . That includes his traditionally    home state of New York , which Trump vows to make a swing state . Time Warner Trump host Errol Louis examines Trump ’s reasoning for his New York state of mind : " Conventional wisdom Trump’s New York is out of reach . Do n’t bother New York the other hand , down the ballot , at least half a dozen congressional seats in New York are actually in play . So this is not New York the RNC is going to write off . It ’s a question of whether or not Donald Trump and the the RNC can get on the same page , truly , and the RNC put New York in play both for the congressional candidates and for the New York . " 3 ) Trump ’s    problems   Team Trump has Donald Trump zero dollars when it comes Donald Trump general election TV advertising Donald Trump has said he has n’t needed Donald Trump because of his media exposure . But Donald Trump Trump camp Donald Trump it ’ll start buying ad space Donald Trump soon " to woo Donald Trump airwaves . But Donald Trump ads , what will Trump spend his latest    haul on ?   CNN ’s Phil Mattingly spoke with GOP sources Donald Trump say Donald Trump cash is going toward the campaign ’s ground game . Mattingly explains how that money may only go so far when it comes to targeting voters : Phil Mattingly Donald Trump did n’t have a data operation in the primary . It was unheard of . Donald Trump does have a data operation . They spent more than 100 million dollars building that over the course of the last four years . The RNC , Donald Trump is just going to take the RNC data operation . Makes sense , right ?   Donald Trump for that data operation was built a data operation GOP voter set . A voter that Donald Trump does n’t necessarily need a data operation to win . He wants GOP voters who are not Donald Trump Marrying those two groups is extraordinarily Donald Trump . The campaigns are Donald Trump a lot of effort into that . " 4 )   That ’Dump Trump’ talk , It ’s no secret that some Republicans are worried about the " Trump Effect " when it comes to the faltering candidate ’s drag on    races . But that does n’t mean they ’re just going to ditch their candidate as November nears .   Why ? Because there ’s uneasiness about when to make that move some Republicans if at all , and the faltering candidate behind it .   New York Times’ Maggie Haberman says look no further than 1996 to read the 2016 tea leaves : " Everybody talks about the Bob Dole year , 1996 . .. Bob Dole was a different case . He was friends with the    chairman , Haley Barbour and he himself was a senator . He had a different view of this . ... Bob Dole is not what you ’re going to see this time Bob Dole you see it .   Bob Dole The RNC is also still pretty dependent on Donald Trump , in terms of   . And it is not clear exactly how this time will work out once there is a split . The resources are linked together in a different way than they were in that year when there was still soft money . " 
 The resources 