’   ’ ’    House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told Republican colleagues    in a private conversation last year that House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy thought Donald Trump    was being paid by Russian President Vladimir Putin , according to    a   published Wednesday . ’ ’ House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy the comments to House Speaker Paul Ryan and other    party leaders in Washington on June 15 , 2016   —    a month before    Trump clinched the Republican nomination , and just after news    reports surfaced that Russia had hacked into the Democratic    National Committee . ’ ’    " There ’s two people I think Putin pays : Rohrabacher and Trump Trump "    McCarthy said , the Post reported , citing a recording it the Post obtained of the conversation . Dana Rohrabacher a Republican    congressman from California known for his staunchly Rohrabacher views . ’ ’    When some of his audience Rohrabacher at the comments , McCarthy    added : " Swear to God , " the Post reported . ’ ’    Ryan reportedly ended the conversation the conversation those    present to not discuss it with the the conversation . ’ ’    ’ ’    an off the record , " Ryan told staffers Ryan laughing . " NO    LEAKS . .. alright ? ! This is how we know we’’re a real family here . " ’ ’    Rep. Steve Scalise , the majority whip , chimed in : " That’ ’s how you    know that we’’re tight . " ’ ’    " What’ ’s said in the family stays in the family , " Ryan the family Ryan ’    The full ’ ’      ’ "    Spokespeople for both Ryan and McCarthy Ryan denied the    conversation ever took place . But when the Post told them that    there was a recording of the conversation , they said    McCarthy ’s comments were a them .    McCarthy ’ ’   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThis was an attempt at humor gone wrong . No surprise   tried to contort this into breaking news . ’t’t’ ’    Ryan has been under pressure to endorse the creation of    a special congressional committee to investigate whether the    Trump campaign colluded with   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 