’   ’ ’    That " Leave " won Thursday’ ’s referendum has been seen as . ’ ’    Fully 51 . 9 % of   to begin the process of removing Britain from the EU ,    marking the first time any member of the EU has voted to leave . ’ ’    This result     and , in turn , financial    markets    which had long discounted that the Leave camp would    ultimately prevail . ’ ’    Leaving the the EU supposed to be a vote into the abyss . ’ "    And in many ways , the   and   has confirmed the predictions of a    vacuous future for the    economy in the EU the EU one    knows what happens next , and if there ’s one thing markets hate ,    it is uncertainty . " ’    In general ! In general ! Volatility traders actually love    uncertainty .    ’    The big lie , of course , is that we had anything like certainty    about the future to begin with , and that only an idiot could    prefer the unknown over defending the status quo . ’ "    In hindsight , it is now obvious that David Cameron committed    political suicide by allowing this referendum to take place . The    vote was simply the result of a   and actually    honoring the pledge shows the brashness of Cameron ’s belief David Cameron    elite consensus would rule the day . " ’    It was a failed attempt at reinforcing the view that people are    either in agreement with your argument or ignorant enough that    they need to people told only what is good for them in order people fall    in line with the " house view . " ’ ’    So an   now is to argue that Leave voters were    simply too ignorant to understand what they were voting Leave voters . ’ ’    It came quickly . Demonizing the Leave camp were   showing that Google search    results for " What is the EU ? " spiked in the hours surrounding the    results of the vote being revealed . ’ ’   ’ ’    Leave voters , it seems , were not as stupid as we would like them    to Leave voters . ’ ’    Voting for a future of obvious unknowns is what you do when the    other option is presented with more bad faith than the decision    to choose chaos . ’ ’    As my colleague   UK voters    were made well aware of what they were voting on in warnings from    authorities ranging from the IMF and the UK Treasury to the OECD    and numerous major banks . ’ ’    This was not an ignorant vote . ’ ’    Of course , underpinning the Brexit vote and the rise of Donald    Trump is   that threatens to more    fundamentally fracture the UK and US more than any negative    economic consequences . ’ ’    The politics of change have also emboldened the politics of    racism : There are no clean hands . ’ ’    The US election , not coincidentally , has been framed as a battle    between something like good and evil , smart and dumb , right and    wrong . ’ ’    Former Wall Street trader turned photojournalist Chris Arnade    wrote in May that we ought to stop treating Trump’ ’s supporters as    " . " Arnade uses a photojournalist Chris Arnade    options model to explain how    those voting for Trump    much like those who voted to Leave      could be motivated by their circumstances . those who voted to Leave      "    If you ’re screwed in the US or UK    a union worker who has either    lost their job or seen wages go nowhere in the wake of mass      or a state employee facing certain pension    reductions    Leave and Trump alike are call options on the    future . " ’    Your downside risk is that nothing changes . But the upside , if a    new direction for government actually does change    something , provides a chance for something better . ’ ’    It is this chance that    to many    is worth    for . ’ ’    Here’ ’s Arnade’ ’s graph : the further left on the " Elitism " scale    you are , the lower your perceived " Value " is in society . Voting    for Trump , like voting for Leave , provides the chance of    moving your distribution further to the right of this scale . ’ "    And if it does n’t    , oh , well    you were going to be stuck on    the low end anyway . " ’   ’ ’    But this " call option " on the future is , in many cases , really    just a hope that the US or UK will return to some imagined      read : whiter    past where    jobs and GDP growth were    abundant . ’ ’    In a post on Friday ,   a    think tank ,    wrote that while many people attributed the support for Leave to    a recent    in incomes , it was more accurately the    manifestation of    trends .    ’    Simply put , poorer voters voted for Leave . This is not to say    that one    argue that voting Leave is a decision made on sound    economic grounds    i. e. an argument that the UK is better off ,    economically , separated from Europe than more integrated with it .    the UK ’       ’ ’    that poorer voters chose something    different over more of the same . ’ ’    Bell writes ( emphasis added ) : ’ ’    This is the key chart from Bell , which shows that areas with    lower incomes were more likely to vote to leave while a chart of    income changes from       no correlation between       increase in votes for    against a Brexit . ’ ’   ’ ’    In the US , this picture is a bit fuzzier . ’ "    As   the median Trump voter is wealthier    than the median US household and the median Clinton voter . That    Trump ’s support is    then , is a myth   is becoming a myth . " "    In this light , an    argument that Trump voters are    motivated   Trump better economic prospects looks more tenuous . But    voter motivations , as    ’ve all found out in this current cycle ,    are fluid . "       Most of the discourse around why voting to leave the EU is crazy    seems to center on the idea that things will indeed change , but    that all of those changes will be bad . And it may be so . ’ "    But in Arnade ’s construction , this does n’t matter to the average    Leave or Trump voter . They are already screwed . the average   Leave or Trump voter "    And , so much like Leave voters in the UK , Trump voters have been    Trump as merely ignorant and racist , as voters who do n’t want    a better future for the US but just want to see the world burn . " ’    For many of these voters , however , Trump voters is already burning . the world is the only power    have left . ’ ’    Voting Make America Great Again " plays on all of the worst parts of    Trump’ ’s base . " Make American Anything Else " is less catchy , and    it’ ’s quite obvious why this doesn’’t appear on hats . ’ "    But this latter construction , in my view , more accurately    captures what ’s driving Trump in the US , and what just drove the    UK out of the EU . " 
 