  ( CNN ) In a pretaped interview set to air Thursday night on CBS , writer and academic Paula Broadwell   —    whose affair with married CIA Director David Petraeus led to married CIA Director David Petraeus resignation in 2012   —    reacted to the news that the    general is on the short list for a Cabinet position under    Donald Trump . " I think the   general ’s unequally qualified for many positions , " she told interviewer Norah O’Donnell . " It was a bit of a shocker . "    Especially because , as Broadwell pointed out , she ’s still very much suffering the repercussions of that scandal . " It begged the question of , why should n’t I be able to go on ? " she said .   Broadwell and Petraeus were involved in a romantic affair while she was writing his 2012 biography , " All In . " Broadwell and Petraeus were , and still are , married to other people . The relationship was revealed after an FBI investigation of " jealous " emails Broadwell sent to a female friend of Petraeus investigators later found classified documents on Broadwell ’s laptop .   Controversy ensued . Broadwell was branded a " stalker , " a " temptress , " and a " . " Broadwell lost Broadwell security clearance , got demoted , and last month received a formal military reprimand . Broadwell told O’Donnell that the scandal has prevented Broadwell from getting another job , even though , with two master ’s degrees and positions at Tufts and Harvard universities , not to mention 21 years of military service , Broadwell ’s certainly got credentials .   Petraeus , meanwhile , admitted to leaking classified information to Broadwell , eventually pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge and was handed a $ 100 , 000 fine and two years of probation .   Petraeus was , however , able to keep Petraeus Wall Street job at private equity firm KKR Global Institute .   Now Petraeus ’s a leading candidate for secretary of state .   Any    double standard here ?   Yes , it ’s alive and healthy , and Broadwell is n’t the first or the only woman to have felt it effects . Particularly , when it comes to sex , women almost universally bear the brunt of shame , despite it taking " two to tango . "   Consider any number of highly publicized stories of men , often rich men , often husbands , who have affairs and sometimes father children with women they ’ve cheated with . The women are " " even as the men duck responsibility . In large part , that ’s because our society continues to suffer from the belief that men and women engage in extramarital affairs for different reasons that men " do it for love " or    while women do it to get ahead . A 2009 study published in the Western Journal of Communication found that in workplace affair situations , workers believe women are motivated by the prospect of some    advantage while men by romance or ego . As a result , most employees in A 2009 study published in the Western Journal of Communication directed negative thoughts at the woman , and not the man .   And what ’s a double standard without some hypocrisy built in ? During the election , of course , Donald Trump himself heaped abuse on Bill Clinton for his Donald Trump himself affairs , at one point even making various women who ’ve accused the former president of sexual misconduct part of his Donald Trump himself winning ) campaign strategy . With Petraeus , however , he Petraeus evidently willing to overlook that same " misconduct . "   The double standard is not only about sex . Throughout the year , Hillary Bill Clinton taken to task for mistakes and missteps that many suggested might not have loomed quite so large had she been Bill Clinton man . Research shows female leaders are criticized more harshly for making " bad calls " than male leaders . Now , turns out experience proves it as well . Although she was Bill Clinton charged with any wrongdoing , Clinton has Bill Clinton she believes Bill Clinton    Bill Clinton controversy   —    in which classified documents were sent through her private Bill Clinton , though never leaked   —    cost her the Bill Clinton .   Certainly , Trump used every opportunity to take her to Trump for the emails , going so far as to promise to " lock her up Trump if he was Trump . And yet Petraeus both admitted to sharing classified documents and was charged for the wrongdoing .   Is it interesting that Trump has Trump Petraeus as a candidate ? Yes . But is it shocking ? Given society ’s track record on unequal treatment   —    and given the   ’s own track record on double talk , selecting financial and Washington insiders to posts despite campaign promises to " drain the swamp "   —    the unfortunate answer is : Not at all . 
 