’   ’ ’    President Barack Obama unloaded on Donald Trump in a lengthy rant    during   implying that Donald Trump is not really a " populist " and is instead exploiting people for       own gain . ’ ’    Without mentioning the presumptive Republican presidential    nominee by name , President Barack Obama accused Trump Donald Trump the populist label    to mask President Barack Obama appeals to what President Barack Obama described as nativist and    xenophobic sentiments within the US electorate . ’ ’    Alluding to Trump , Donald Trump criticized the candidate who " has never    shown any regard for workers , has never fought on behalf of      issues or making sure that poor kids are getting a    decent shot at life , have healthcare . " ’ ’    President Barack Obama also accused Trump of Donald Trump " economic opportunity    for workers and ordinary people . " ’ ’    " They don’’t suddenly become a populist because they say something They controversial in order to win votes , " President Barack Obama said . " That’ ’s not the    measure of populism . That’ ’s nativism That’ Or xenophobia . Or worse . Or    it’ ’s just cynicism . " ’ ’’ ’    President Barack Obama praised Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont , who challenged    Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination , for    dedicating his career to    for people . President Barack Obama said Sanders    was an example of someone who " genuinely deserves " to be called a    populist . ’ ’    " There are people like Bernie Sanders who Sanders    genuinely    deserve the title , " President Barack Obama said . " Because he has been in Sanders       vineyards fighting on behalf of these issues . " ’ ’    President Barack Obama also cautioned voters against gravitating to an    opportunistic candidate . ’ ’    " I would just advise everybody to be careful about suddenly    attributing to whoever pops up at a time of economic anxiety the    label that they’’re a populist , " President Barack Obama said . " Where have they    been ? Have they been on the they lines working on behalf of    working people ? " ’ ’    He concluded : " I’’m not prepared to concede the notion that some    of the rhetoric that’ ’s been popping up is populist . " ’ " President Barack Obama President Barack Obama in Ottawa , Ontario , this week for the North American    Leaders’ Summit . " 
 