  ( CNN ) Congressional Republicans are using the short term government spending bill to expedite a vote on retired Gen. James Mattis ,    Donald Trump ’s nominee to lead the Defense Department . Mattis , who retired from the military three years ago , and who was formally nominated Tuesday , needs a special waiver from Congress to serve as the top civilian at the Pentagon . A World War    law aimed at preserving civilian control over the military bars those who served in the military in the last seven years from leading the Defense department .     Because Republicans are anxious to ensure Mattis is positioned to be confirmed as close as possible to January 20     Inauguration Day     Republicans added language to the stopgap funding bill that imposes time limits on the debate over the waiver .    Federal agencies will run out of money at midnight this Friday , but leaders ‎of the House and Senate plan to vote on the stopgap funding bill that imposes time limits on the debate over the waiver and send it the stopgap funding bill that imposes time limits on the debate over the waiver President Barack Obama in time to head off any shutdown . The House expected to vote first on Thursday and if approved the Senate Senate Senate the stopgap funding bill that imposes time limits on the debate over the waiver soon after it is the stopgap funding bill that imposes time limits on the debate over the waiver over . Trump formally introduces James ’Mad Dog’ Mattis at North Carolina rally , The Senate is expected Senate up the legislation shortly after his confirmation hearings next month James ’Mad Dog’ Mattis the provisions ensure the bill the stopgap funding bill that imposes time limits on the debate over the waiver in a timely fashion to the Senate floor . Republicans had hoped also to lower the threshold from 60 to 51 the votes needed to advance the waiver measure to avoid a Democratic filibuster in the Senate . But after some Senate , the GOP ? agreed to measures they hope will speed up the confirmation the GOP .   Even though Mattis has been praised by members of both parties , some Democrats have stated they publicly oppose some Democrats the job because some Democrats want to Mattis the current system that some Democrats recent military leaders for ascending to top leadership posts of the Defense Department . Mattis formally accepted Trump ’s nomination at a Mattis in Fayetteville , North Carolina , saying that he looks forward to serving in the role Mattis " I look forward to being the civilian leader so long as the Congress gives me the waiver and the Senate votes to content , " Mattis said . When Mattis stepped off staged Mattis Trump told the Mattis , " What a Trump’s guy , he ’s going to incredible . .. He Mattis get that waiver , right ? Mattis , if he did n’t get that waiver there are Mattis to be a that waiver angry people . " House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers stressed that the bill , which extends current funding levels until April 28 , 2017 , avoids a shutdown although he stressed he wants to prevent such    bills House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers the House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers Congress . " This legislation is just a    but a critical one . It will give the next Congress the time to This legislation the annual the next Congress and Congress the meantime , take care of immediate national funding needs . "   Sources : Trump transition team requested security clearance for Flynn Jr. With the increased costs of securing Trump at his midtown Manhattan high rise     costing $ 1 million a Trump to protect the    as well as his children and their families     GOP and Democratic leaders added Trump 7 million as well the bill to reimburse New York City police and other agencies . New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and the Obama administration New York City for $ 35 million from the federal government to defray the costs . Some Democrats were disappointed more money was n’t included to help local authorities . " Republicans’ failure to fully reimburse NYPD for its efforts to protect    Trump is beyond disappointing .   The $ Republicans’ million in funding that this bill does provide must be considered a down payment on the way to making NYC whole , " Rep. Nita Lowey , the top Democrat on the Appropriations panel , said in a written statement to CNN . " New York City taxpayers should not be on the hook for 80 % of the national bill to protect our    and his family ’s residence . this bill on congress to step up in the    months to pay back our it owes our city . This is a national responsibility and the burden can not congress alone our city and police department , " de Blasio said in a statement .   Negotiators did add nearly $ 6 billion extra money for the Pentagon and $ 4 . 3 billion more for the State Department to support the Obama Administration ’s continued efforts to fight the terror group ISIS . Meet Donald Trump ’s think tank , To help struggling states still recovering from Hurricane Matthew and floods in the Southeast , the legislation includes another $ 4 billion in disaster aid . Bipartisan negotiators also agreed to states still recovering from Hurricane Matthew and floods in the Southeast 170 million to help Flint , Michigan , address the effects of contaminated water system that sickened residents over years . The funding bill also sets aside over $ 800 million for a new federal effort to boost states still recovering from Hurricane Matthew and floods in the Southeast . Mindful of voters’ low opinion of lawmakers in Washington , the legislation also blocks a scheduled pay increase for members of Congress . 
 states still recovering from Hurricane Matthew and floods in the Southeast 