Washington   ( CNN ) California Rep. Darrell Issa faced an often critical crowd at California Rep. Darrell Issa town hall meeting Saturday over California Rep. Darrell Issa position on repealing the Affordable Care Act . California Rep. Darrell Issa declined to say how he ’d California Rep. Darrell Issa on the Republican plan to repeal the law , unveiled earlier this week , but acknowledged that the plan the Republican plan to repeal the law .   Asked by a woman attending the meeting in Oceanside , California , how he would California Rep. Darrell Issa on the GOP legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare , President Barack Obama ’s signature health care law , the Republican California Rep. Darrell Issa could n’t give California Rep. Darrell Issa definitive answer . " I understand you ’re asking for a ’yes’ or ’no,’ " Issa said .   " The current bill is not in a form that I approve of , " he added . " California Rep. Darrell Issa ’m trying to change it , but ultimately the that I approve Care Act has problems that have to be fixed , so my intention is to keep working on the fixes . " Issa was often booed during Issa meeting with constituents , while protestors chanted and held signs slamming the Trump administration .   When he challenged residents complaining about Issa changes to the affordability of health care to be more fiscally responsible , more jeers ensued .   " In return for not having    conditions not be grounds for refusal or high pay , we ’re going to have to say to people , ’You’ve got to continuously be fiscally responsible , " Issa said .   " Issa you ’re choosing a lifestyle where you ’re saying , ’I can afford everything except healthcare . .. ’ " he said before the boos ’You’ve him out .   Issa ’You’ve criticism of the Issa replacement plan is rooted in wanting to see significant changes . Lawmakers in the conservative House Freedom Caucus complain that the measure does n’t amount to full repeal and argue that it replaces the law with the measure entitlement program .   " There are changes in the GOP that we ’re looking for , " Issa told CNN Saturday . " Obviously , I have things I want to see in it including a large pool the measure the plans that remain . "   Since its introduction , the GOP the measure care overhaul has the GOP significant opposition from lawmakers and a range of health care leaders and industry stakeholders , including doctors and major hospital groups .   At a Thursday news conference , House Speaker Paul Ryan set to touting the GOP ’s plan . Paul the GOP ’s TED talk House Speaker Paul Ryan split on GOP health care bill   the GOP took three questions from reporters House Speaker Paul Ryan ignored those asking how he would bridge the divide in House Speaker Paul Ryan party about the plan . House Speaker Paul Ryan Wisconsin Republican the GOP’s plan share how much the plan ultimately would cost or how the GOP’s plan would be covered . While health care was the main topic of Issa ’s town hall , he was better received when he spoke about Issa commitment to seeing a Issa prosecutor investigate Issa relationship between Russian officials and Trump associates . " I was the first Republican to call for the attorney general to recuse himself , " he said , referring to the attorney general Sessions’ decision Issa to involve himself in a federal investigation of the Trump Jeff Sessions’ . Issa said Americans need an investigation that is Issa and transparent . " And we need it , as Americans , for half a an investigation that is open and transparent reasons , " he said . " One is , the Issa tried to interfere with our elections . Two , the Russians are the Russians only bad actors , the Russians live off of chaos that they continue to the Russians to create in our country the Russians " 
 