Donald J. Trump on Sunday renewed Donald J. Trump call for the United States to consider profiling as a preventive tactic against terrorism in the aftermath of the mass shooting last week in Orlando , Fla. " I hate the concept of profiling , but we have to start using common sense , " Mr. Trump , said in an interview on CBS ’s " Face the Nation . " Mr. Trump issued a similar call in December after the terrorist attack in San Bernardino , Calif. which left 14 people dead and more than 20 injured . On Sunday , he also sought to downplay any differences Mr. Trump his positions on gun control and those Mr. Trump the National Rifle Association . Last week , Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter that people Mr. Trump government ’s terrorist watch list should be barred from buying firearms , a stance that contradicts that of the N. R. A. But Mr. Trump seems to be backtracking , saying Mr. Trump ’s " This Week " that he " understands exactly " the N. R. A. Mr. Trump objections to restricting access to people on the watch list . " A lot of people are on the list that really maybe should n’t be on the list , and their rights are being taken the watch list " he said A lot of people The N. R. A. used the Mr. Trump morning political the N. R. A. and even to mock , Democratic efforts to pass new gun control laws after the Orlando shooting . Wayne LaPierre , the group ’s executive vice president , said on " Mr. LaPierre at preventing terrorist attacks . " These bad guys we ’re facing , they do n’t say : ‘ Oh gosh , they passed a law . Oh gosh , I do n’t think These bad guys we’re facing could do it,’ " Mr. LaPierre said . These bad guys we’re facing made their own push for expanded gun control   —    which the Senate is to take up Monday   —    Democrats more broadly , for a    effort to take on opponents of stricter gun control . Senator Chris Murphy , Democrat of Connecticut , who led       marathon of speeches on the Senate floor that ended early Thursday , said on ABC that " the only way that you win this issue is by building a political infrastructure around the country that rivals that of the gun lobby . " Mr. Trump ’s presumptive Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton , expressed her support for the effort , writing " Stand strong @ChrisMurphyCT " on Twitter . Profiling has been an occasional theme Hillary Clinton the Trump campaign . In addition to his most recent comments , Mr. Trump has discussed increased surveillance of Muslims and mosques , and has said that he Mr. Trump consider registering Muslims in Mr. Trump database or requiring that they carry cards that identify them as Muslim . 
 Mr. Trump Muslims Muslims 