" You know the thing about chaos —   the thing about chaos ’s fair . " [ DES MOINES , Iowa —   Chaos has descended upon Iowa ’s capital city hours before the final 2016 GOP presidential primary debate before Iowans head to the caucuses on Monday —   which will be moderated by the Fox News Channel .   Because of the network ’s antics aimed at GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has decided to abandon the network ’s debate . Every    narrative from the mainstream media has been destructed as GOP frontrunner Donald Trump dukes it out with Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) another    force who is set to appear in the network’s debate . And every single one of the    GOP presidential candidates , from Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) to his Sen. Marco Rubio mentor Florida Gov. Jeb Bush to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to Ohio Gov. John Kasich , ca n’t get anywhere close to    Trump ’s or    Cruz ’s level of support . Meanwhile , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum —   the winners , respectively , of the 2008 and 2012 Iowa caucuses and both thorns in the side of the political establishment —   plan to support Trump Trump his Trump across town at Drake University . Huckabee Mike Huckabee and Santorum former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum is surely going to infuriate their former former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , the Fox News Channel , as Roger Ailes —   the network ’s chief executive —   scrambles to clot the bleeding Trump Trump inflicted upon his Trump invincible network . Less than an hour before the undercard debate featuring several of the    candidates , and less than three hours before Fox ’s main stage debate will feature Cruz , Sen. Rand Paul ( ) and the establishment candidates , chaos rules the night as reporters , GOP operatives , and more buzz about only one candidate : Donald Trump . Trump , who is n’t even going to the debate , is dominating all discussions of it — the debate meaning basically he ’s winning with none of the risk brought on by opening himself up he attack . All this chaos of a particular monologue from The Joker , played by the late Heath Ledger , in The Dark Knight : So as the establishment , which has tried over and over again to tip the scales in favor of their candidates —   and has especially failed to disclose conflicts of interest and put forward political tricks to trip up conservatives —   loses control , the race descends into chaos . And in the chaos , voters chaos . May the best man win . 
 