’   ’ ’    Early Thursday morning ,   what is expected to be a long ,    winding process of repealing the Affordable Care Act , the    healthcare law better known as Obamacare . ’ ’    The Senate passed a budget resolution by a vote of 51 to 48 after    1 a. m. ET that is designed to direct the legislature to draft a    bill that will repeal the ACA . ’ ’    Sens . Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders were among those who    spoke out against a   bill that will repeal the ACA to no avail during the vote .    Sen. Rand Paul , who has grumbled about the effect a repeal could    have    the federal deficit without a replacement plan in place ,    was    only Republican to cross party lines . ’ ’    " Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to RepealObamacare    now    it’ ’s onto the House ! "   on Thursday . ’ "    Democrats added more than 100 amendments   —      —    to protect provisions such as insurers not    being able to deny coverage based on preexisting conditions and    the ability of children to stay on their parents’ children until    age 26 . All of the amendments were voted down . " ’    The vote comes as Republicans and Democrats have made the ACA and    its possible the ACA one of the central parts of their agendas Republicans and Democrats ’ ’    With Trump in line to take the Oval Office in just more than a    week , Republicans have been moving forward with a      repeal while a debate has arisen among GOP lawmakers over    . ’ ’    Democrats have vowed to fight the repeal of the law at every step    and so far have said they will Democrats uncooperative on a replacement . ’ ’    The resolution next moves to the House of Representatives for a    similar vote that is expected as soon as Friday . ’ ’   ’ ’    Republicans are using what is called   to repeal a large part of Obamacare . ’ ’    Budget reconciliation allows lawmakers to pass legislation that    has an effect on the federal budget with only a simple majority .    In    case , outlays for things in the ACA , such as Medicaid    expansion and funding for exchanges on which people can sign up    for insurance , fit the bill . ’ ’    Trying to pass a bill outside budget reconciliation would allow    Democrats to filibuster any legislation . A filibuster can be    quashed    with a cloture vote , which needs to be approved by    60 senators to pass . ( The Senate includes only 52 Republicans . ) ’ ’    So where does the resolution passed by the Senate The Senate    morning go next ? ’ "    House Republicans will convene over the next few days to take up    the Senate ’s The Senate The Senate If it passes the      House , which is likely , the resolution will    the resolution passed by the Senate on Thursday    in the    to begin drafting   House for repeal . " ’    From there , the drafting will go much like any other bill : to a    vote on it in the House ( subject the drafting simple   House and then on    to the Senate , where it can be amended . If it the drafting amended , then it    the drafting to conference committee . it is amended "    If the Senate adds amendments , the conference committee made up    of conference committee Senate members responsible for drafting the    bill would the Senate together and create a compromise bill . That bill    would then go through votes in a compromise bill , if passed , go to    Trump ’s desk for approval or veto . " ’    Though the repeal is on the top of the legislative agenda , Trump    is unlikely to put his pen into action on Trump soon . ’ ’    Trump leaders ’’ comments that his pen want to replace the bill at the    same time they ’ ’   GOP leaders’’ it suggest that a seamless transition may    take time ’ ’   GOP leaders’’ House the bill Paul Ryan said replacement and repeal    would happen " concurrently , " and   ’ 
 