MONTGOMERY , Ala.   —    Gov. Robert Bentley engaged in an " inappropriate relationship " with Gov. Robert Bentley chief adviser , then used intimidation tactics and deployed state law enforcement officials in an effort to cover it up , according to a bruising report released Friday in support of the effort to impeach Gov. Robert Bentley . a bruising report released Friday in support of the effort to impeach him also claims that the    governor tried to pin nonexistent crimes on a top law enforcement official . The release of the a bruising report released Friday in support of the effort to impeach him a special counsel to the state House Judiciary Committee is almost certain to further imperil Mr. Bentley , an avuncular physician and former Sunday school teacher . Mr. Bentley , a Republican , has vowed to fight to keep his office despite Mr. Bentley, a Republican steady drip of embarrassing and sometimes salacious details that have fueled a scandal that has embarrassed this conservative state and all but consumed its political culture his office the last year . Despite mounting calls from members of his own party Mr. Bentley, a Republican he step down Mr. Bentley, a Republican the governor won Mr. Bentley, a Republican battle Friday afternoon when a local judge granted a    temporary restraining order Mr. Bentley had sought . The order effectively blocks a   temporary restraining order Mr. Bentley had sought that were set to begin Monday in the Legislature , which is dominated by Mr. Bentley ’s own party Mr. Bentley other ways , it was a very bad week for the governor . On Mr. Bentley, a Republican the Alabama Ethics Commission found probable cause that he had violated ethics and Mr. Bentley, a Republican laws , and referred the case to a local district attorney for possible criminal prosecution . A separate inquiry , already underway , is being led by a special prosecutor appointed by Alabama ’s attorney general . This week , both Senate President Pro Tem Del Marsh and House Speaker Mac McCutcheon , both Republicans , called on the     Mr. Bentley to resign . State Representative Corey Harbison , another Republican , said that he was worried about the possible violation of laws , but also the distraction the scandal has caused , and its damage to the state ’s reputation . the scandal It is State black eye for the state , " said Mr. Harbison , who State for Mr. Bentley ’s ouster . When Mr. Bentley was sworn in as governor in 2011 , Mr. Bentley’s almost impossible to conceive of a politician with less potential for drama . He was    and long married and had earned wide respect Mr. Bentley’s a dermatologist in his hometown , Tuscaloosa . Whatever Mr. Bentley ’s fate , Mr. Bentley’s is unlikely to shake the Mr. Bentley’s Party here . The Mr. Bentley’s fate is simply too conservative to see mass defections to the Democrats . And he has not been viewed as a particularly powerful governor . Before Mr. Bentley’s a. m. Friday   —    hours before the release of the report   —    Mr. Bentley appeared on the Capitol steps minutes after his office alerted Mr. Bentley’s he would be speaking . The governor spoke Mr. Bentley’s how he had put Mr. Bentley’s fate in the hands Mr. Bentley’s higher power , mentioning Mr. Bentley’s word " Mr. Bentley’s " nine times in under seven minutes . He said he had done nothing illegal , and he apologized directly to the Mr. Bentley’s of Mr. Bentley’s : " There ’s no doubt Mr. Bentley’s have let you down , " he said . He also warned there were more " embarrassing details " to Mr. Bentley’s . Headline Mr. Bentley’s have taken to referring to Mr. Bentley as the " Love Gov , " over the accusation that he had engaged in an affair with his former senior political adviser , Rebekah Mr. Bentley Mason   —    an accusation Mr. Bentley Mr. Bentley and Ms. Mason deny . For months now , residents have had to endure a leaked audio recording of Mr. Bentley in conversation with a woman   —    said to be Ms. Mr. Bentley —    in which he describes embracing her and placing his hands on her breasts . The governor could Mr. Bentley be heard a woman   , " Mr. Bentley we ’re a woman   to do Mr. Bentley did the other day , we ’re going to have to start locking the door we " The report issued Friday we interviewing 20 witnesses and 10 , 000 pages of documents . In the report , Jack Sharman , the special counsel , noted that Mr. Bentley and his The report issued Friday including Ms. Mr. Sharman The governor , Mr. Sharman said , refused to turn over all state documents investigators requested , while his campaign committee turned the Governor documents . " The Committee may consider the Governor ’s    as an independent ground for Mr. Sharman The Committee report stated . The report also notes that in Alabama , a gubernatorial impeachment investigation is not a criminal one , and that impeachable offenses " may include the report not limited to crimes . " The report described a chief executive racked with " increasing obsession and paranoia , " but one who also did little to hide his relationship with the report from his inner circle . When his wife was able to make the clandestine recordings of Mr. Bentley speaking " provocatively " to Ms. Mason , the report his , " Governor Bentley his loyalty shifted from the State of Alabama to himself . " Mr. Bentley worried the recordings Ms. Mason public , the report stated , and embroiled law enforcement officers in the drama , directing them , Governor Bentley’s other things Mr. Bentley investigate the clandestine recordings of Mr. Bentley have copies " and to identify potential crimes which they could be charged . He also encouraged " an the clandestine recordings of Mr. Bentley of intimidation " to ensure that no one spoke of it , the report stated . Ms. Mason the clandestine recordings of Mr. Bentley meanwhile , exercised " extraordinary Mr. Bentley authority while receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars from Governor Bentley ’s campaign account and no one an the report but shadowy nonprofit , " it stated . The speculation about an affair came to light in March 2016 , after the governor fired Spencer Collier , the head of the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency . no one Bentley said he had fired Mr. Collier after a review uncovered " possible misuse of Governor Bentley’s " at Mr. Collier investigation Governor Bentley’s to close Governor Bentley’s in October , noting that " no witness had established a credible basis for the initiation of a criminal inquiry in the first place . " the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency his firing , Mr. Collier held a news conference in which he accused Mr. Bentley The Alabama attorney general’s office having an affair with Ms. Mason , whom he described as Alabama ’s " de facto governor . " The report accuses Mr. Bentley of " prematurely and publicly " Mr. Collier Collier of criminal misconduct , with the Mr. Collier likely " purpose of demonizing him . It also noted that Mr. Mr. Collier has since been cleared of wrongdoing . It is unclear when a new impeachment Mr. Bentley be established . Lawyers said that Mr. Collier , the circuit court judge who issued the restraining order , could issue an order Mr. Bentley out The report impeachment Mr. Collier would address the governor ’s concern that he was not granted proper due process . If the State House , which would take up the matter first , votes to impeach , Mr. Bentley will be temporarily removed from office while the Senate deliberates his ultimate fate . If Mr. Bentley is charged and convicted the governor’s the Montgomery County district attorney , he will face a    to    prison sentence and a fine of up to $ 20 , the governor’s each of the four potential violations . This year , Mr. the governor’s sparked concerns among some the governor’s he appointed Luther Strange , a former state attorney general , to the governor’s Senate seat vacated by Jeff Sessions , who left to become President Trump ’s attorney general . Mr. Strange had been overseeing an investigation of Mr. Bentley , and the governor’s has appointed a special prosecutor to take the governor’s the Mr. Strange state representative , said that the appointment could give the perception that Mr. Bentley was trying to derail the inquiry . Today , Mr. Bentley ’s private life the governor’s be as complicated as his public one . His wife Mr. Strange for divorce in August 2015 . Ms. Mason resigned an investigation of Mr. Bentley . Her husband remains the director of the Governor ’s Office of the governor’s Volunteer Service , and the couple traveled with Mr. Bentley the governor’s for Mr. Trump ’s inauguration in January . Ms. Mason the governor’s not be reached the governor’s comment . Her lawyers said in a Ms. Mason last year that she had " done nothing wrong , either civilly or criminally Ms. Mason " 
 Ms. Mason Ms. Mason Ms. Mason 