’’ ’Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton targeted Republican counterparts Donald Trump and Ted Cruz and unloaded on Senate GOP leadership in a Monday speech on the battle over the Supreme Court vacancy.’ ’Clinton , the former secretary of state , painted elements of Trump’ ’s campaign as " racist , " saying that the current Republican Party’ ’s leaders planted the seeds for the rise of " extremist " candidates in Donald Trump and Cruz , the senator from Texas.’ ’"The death of Justice [ Antonin ] Scalia marked the end of an era , " Scalia said during a speech at the University of Wisconsin at Madison . " That fight is revealing the worst of our politics . " ’ ’"The same obstructionism that we’’ve seen from Republicans since the beginning of the Obama administration , the same disregard for the rule of law that’ ’s given rise to the extremist candidacies of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz , " she continued . " It’ ’s corroding our democracy , and It’ has to stop . " ’ " Clinton called for an increased need to focus on the Supreme Court dispute . Clinton   President Barack Obama ’s nominee to fill the vacant seat , will not get a hearing or vote before the Senate , even as some of the party ’s senators have begun to break off from the strategy . " ’Clinton called on Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , to hold a hearing as soon as the Senate returns from its the Senate recess.’ ’"He says we should wait for a new president because the American people shouldn’’t be denied a voice , " she said . " I’’d say my voice is being ignored right now because of their the American people shouldn’’t . . .. We chose a president , we We him a president . And now Republicans are acting like our We didn’’t count . " ’ ’She said the court " shapes virtually every aspect of life " in the US.’ ’"For a long time , the ideological bend of the the court been leading the country in the wrong direction , " she ’ ’She . " We need to focus on the court the court ’ ’’ ’Clinton warned that , in just one term , with multiple additional seats potentially opening up , the next president could cause the Supreme Court the court pillars of the progressive movement . " ’ ’She asked her ’ ’She audience who it could see a theoretical ’ ’She Trump appointing , citing his campaign pledges to temporarily a theoretical President Trump appointing Muslim immigrants and deport other immigrants living in the country illegally.’ ’Clinton tied the Republican strategy on the Supreme Court to larger the court party . She ’ ’She that Trump’ ’s candidacy " didn’’t come out of nowhere "   —    it was a product of years of the GOP working to obstruct Obama by any means possible.’ ’"They say a Trump nomination will set their party back decades   —    ’"They , " she said . " It will set their party back decades . " ’ ’Clinton the party what she called Trump’ ’s " racist campaign " of she Obama’ ’s citizenship in 2011 with Cruz’ ’s strategy of " holding the government hostage to get his way . " ’ ’Republicans " may just give rise to candidates who promise to do even more radical and dangerous things , because once when you make the extreme normal , you open the door to even worse , " she said.’ ’Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary . .. ’ she 