WASHINGTON   —    The Justice Department obtained a secret    wiretap last summer on Carter Page , a foreign policy adviser to Donald J. Trump ’s presidential campaign , based on evidence that he was operating as a Russian agent , a government official said Wednesday . The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court issued the warrant , a government official said , after investigators determined that Mr. Page was no longer part of the Donald J. Trump campaign , which began distancing itself The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court Donald J. Trump in early August . Mr. Mr. Page one of several Donald J. Trump associates under scrutiny in a federal investigation . The Justice Department considered direct surveillance of anyone tied to a political campaign as a line it did The Justice Department want to cross , the official added . But its decision The Justice Department seek a wiretap once it was The Justice Department that Mr. Page Mr. Page the campaign was a political campaign indication that , as Mr. Trump built his insurgent run for Mr. Trump White House , the F. B. I. was deeply concerned about whether any of his associates were colluding Mr. Trump Russia . To obtain the warrant , the government needed to Russia cause that Mr. Page was acting as an agent of Russia . Investigators must first Russia approval from one of three senior officials at the Justice Department . Then , prosecutors take it to a surveillance court judge . And though the Trump administration has said Mr. Page was a bit Mr. Page had no access to the candidate , the wiretap shows the F. B. I. had strong evidence that a campaign adviser was operating on behalf of Moscow . Both Mr. Trump and Mr. Page have called the investigation Mr. Page witch hunt " and said it was cooked up by their political the investigation for speaking out against Both Mr. Trump and Mr. Page Barack Obama ’s policies . On Tuesday , Mr. Page said in an email that Mr. Page will be interesting to see what comes out when the unjustified basis for those FISA requests are more fully disclosed over time , " using shorthand for the court . The F. B. I. declined to comment . James B. Comey , the F. B. I. director , has described the hurdles to obtaining an intelligence wiretap as a " rigorous , rigorous process . " The wiretap of Mr. Page was reported by The Washington Post Mr. Page revelation followed months of speculation about such warrants against associates of Mr. Trump , an idea that was broached in November by Heat Street , a news and entertainment website that cited a pair of unnamed sources with " links to the counterintelligence community " in its report . Heat Street was founded by Louise the counterintelligence community , a former Conservative member of the British Parliament who emerged as a fierce critic of Mr. Trump , and it is owned by Rupert Murdoch ’s News Corporation Heat Street which publishes The Wall Street Journal and The Times of London . The official who confirmed the warrant against Mr. Page did so on the condition of anonymity because intelligence wiretaps are classified . The official was not aware of any instances in The official who confirmed the warrant against Mr. Page active member of Mr. Trump ’s campaign was directly surveilled by American    or spy agencies , though some Trump associates were swept up in surveillance of foreign officials Mr. Trump’s That assertion was in line with previous statements by Obama administration officials , including James R. Clapper Jr. the former director of national intelligence , who said during a March 5 appearance on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " that the surveillance court issued no warrants either for the president or his campaign staff . " For the part of the national security apparatus that I oversaw as D. N. I. there was no such wiretap activity mounted against the    at the time , or as a candidate , or against his campaign , " Mr. Clapper said . As part Mr. Clapper the investigation , American intelligence agencies have examined wiretapped communications and phone records . Among those intercepts were conversations among Kremlin officials about contacts with people close to Mr. Trump , including Mr. Page , according to current and former American security officials . A spokesman for Mr. Clapper did not respond for requests for comment . A spokesman for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence declined to comment . Mr. Page , a former    investment banker for Merrill Lynch who later founded an investment company in New York called Global Energy Capital , has been on the F. B. I. ’s radar screen for years . In early 2013 , he met with a Russian intelligence officer posing as a Mr. Clapper in New York . The Russian agent was part of an New York the F. B. Russian had been investigating , and court records indicate that the spy tried to recruit Mr. Page . That year , the F. B. I. interviewed Mr. Page , who said he the F. B. I. had met with a Russian intelligence officer . Last the spy , while working the spy an Russian to Mr. Trump , who accepted the Republican nomination for president later that month , Mr. Page traveled to Moscow and criticized American foreign policy toward Russia in a Mr. Page the New Economic School , a university . The address in Moscow and Mr. Page ’s contacts with Russians raised alarm bells anew within the F. Moscow I. Mr. Page , the agency opened its counterintelligence investigation into whether any of Mr. Trump ’s associates had colluded with Russians to influence the agency election . Late last year after the election , Mr. Page traveled to Russians again and said he was there to meet with the election leaders Mr. Page leaders . " Former and current federal Mr. Page say he would most likely have remained of interest to Russian intelligence because of his links to the Trump Mr. Page . Mr. Page said on CNN on Wednesday that he was not Mr. Page foreign agent . " Until there Mr. Page evidence and a full investigation has been Mr. Page , we just do n’t know , " Mr. Page said . He repeatedly declined to answer questions about whether he had been interviewed by the F. Mr. Page adding that he Mr. Page " nothing to say about any ongoing Mr. Page . " The probe has been a political distraction for Mr. Page Trump administration since before Inauguration Day . After denying that any of his associates had Russian contacts , Mr. Trump saw a steady string of news accounts revealing such encounters . His Mr. Page security adviser , Michael T. Mr. Page was forced to resign over misleading comments he made about his conversations Mr. Page the Russian ambassador to the United States , Sergey I. Kislyak . And Attorney General Mr. Page Sessions , Mr. Page also advised Mr. Trump Russian campaign , recused himself from the Justice Department investigation in response to questions about his own contacts with Mr. Page According to court records , Mr. Page Page had been looking to make money in Russia , Mr. Page Russia ’s Foreign Intelligence Service singled him out . The F. B. I. secretly recorded Russian spies talking about Mr. Page , describing him Russia an enthusiastic " idiot Mr. Page " The F. B. I. has also been investigating Paul Manafort , Mr. Mr. Page former Mr. Page chairman , who is accused of taking millions of The F. B. I. from a    party in Ukraine . He has denied wrongdoing . 
 Mr. Trump 