’’ " Donald Trump doubled down on Donald Trump attacks against a Latino judge presiding over lawsuits related to Trump University during a Friday interview with CNN ’s Jake Tapper . " ’Insisting on eight separate occasions that because he’ ’s " building a wall " along the    border that Donald Trump is being treated unfairly , Donald Trump unleashed a tirade against ’ ’"Now , a Latino judge presiding over lawsuits related to Trump University during a Friday interview with CNN’s Jake Tapper is of Mexican heritage , " Donald Trump said . " I’’m building a wall , OK ? I’’m I’’m a wall . I am going to do very well with the Hispanics , the Mexicans . " ’ " Tapper pressed Donald Trump a number of times as to whether the attack was racist because he Tapper on calling Curiel ’s heritage as a reason why he Tapper not preside fairly over the case . " ’’ ’’ ’"So no Mexican judge could ever be involved in a case that involves you ? " Tapper pressed.’ ’’ ’"Jake , I’’m building a wall , " Trump said . " I’’m I’’m a wall . I’’m I’’m to keep business out of Mexico . Mexico’ ’s fine . . .. He’ ’s of Mexican Mexican , and he’ He’ very proud of it He’ as I am of where I come from . " ’ ’But Tapper was quick to point out that Curiel is from Indiana and is American . When Tapper Tapper how Hillary Clinton called the attack racist and how House Speaker Paul Ryan   with Trump’ ’s sentiment , Trump called Clinton Hillary Clinton " stiff " and said that Ryan " doesn’’t know the case . " ’ ’"Look , he’ ’s proud of his he’ , " Trump Trump . " I’’m building a wall . Now , I think I’’m I’’m to do very well . " ’ ’"I’’m going to do very well with Hispanics because I’’m I’’m to bring back jobs and they’’re going to get jobs right now , " he I’’m . " I think I’’m I’’m to do very well with Hispanics , but we’’re building a wall . He’ he’ a Mexican . We’’re building a wall between here and Mexico . The answer is , he We’’re giving us very unfair rulings   —    rulings that people can’’t even believe.’ ’"Well , I’’m I’’m a wall , OK ? " Trump went on . " And it’ ’s a wall between Mexico Mexico not another country . " ’ ’Trump ramped up his Trump on Curiel during a recent interview .’ ’The Manhattan businessman said that ’ " He Manhattan businessman that Curiel Curiel background was relevant because of his campaign Manhattan businessman to build a wall along the    border and deport immigrants living in the country illegally . " ’"I’’m building a wall , " Trump told The Journal . " It’ ’s an inherent conflict of interest . " ’ ’’ ’Donald Trump Trump Trump judge ’s Mexican heritage : " I ’ve been treated very unfairly "   ’ ’Donald Trump doubled down on his attacks . Trump ’ 
 