Havana , Cuba ( CNN ) As US President Donald Trump lashes out at US enemies and allies alike , many Cubans wonder which US President Donald Trump many Cubans will face . Will it be the businessman who said he wanted to open hotels on the    island ? Or will it will be the presidential candidate who , during he campaign , appealed to      by promising to get tough on Cuba , even if that meant withdrawing the newly reopened US Embassy in Havana ? Friday , the White House indicated that a tougher posture could be in the works . " We are in the midst of a full review of all US policies towards Cuba , " the White House spokesman Sean Spicer said at the daily media briefing . " The president is committed to an agenda of ensuring human rights for all citizens throughout the world and as we review those policies in Cuba , that will be forefront in those policy discussions . " Many Cubans seemed wary of increased sanctions and a return to frosty relations . " We are watching him The president " said the Cuban street performer known as Pillo , who entertains tourists in Havana by outfitting his The president with a    wig and training him The president growl when he The president the President ’s name . " If Trump is tougher , he Trump going to find a tougher people here , " Pillo said . " The people will resist him Trump and he Trump be just one more that goes into history . He Trump loosen the screws , like Obama did . " Changes after changes , Cubans are still absorbing the rapid changes to their Cubans ’s relationship with their Cubans Cold    adversary to the north that have occurred over the past two and a half years . During his Trump term in office , President Barack Obama did more than the 10 US presidents that preceded him President Barack Obama change America ’s confrontational relationship with Havana .   Obama President Barack Obama prisoners with the Cuban government , reestablished diplomatic relations with Havana Havana became the first US president since 1928 to visit Cuba . As he President Barack Obama office , Obama President Barack Obama the new relationship with Cuba Cuba high among his President Barack Obama policy successes . " If I had told you that we would open up a new chapter with the Cuban people , " Obama President Barack Obama during his President Barack Obama speech as president in January , " you might have said our we were set a little too high . " But critics of the new policy said the opening to Cuba Cuba unwarranted , as the Cuban government still represses internal dissent and blocks political reform . " Our we engagement with the the Cuban government not accompanied by any significant concessions on human rights , " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said during his confirmation hearings . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson We we not held them accountable for their his confirmation hearings . Their his confirmation hearings received much his confirmation hearings their people received little his confirmation hearings That serves neither the interest of Cubans or Americans . " During a 2016 campaign speech in Miami , Trump was even more blunt , threatening to remove the US Embassy in Havana if the Cuban government did n’t meet his demands for " Trump and political freedom for the Cuban people and the freeing of political prisoners . " " Fidel Castro ’s legacy is one of firing squads , theft , unimaginable suffering , poverty and the denial of fundamental human rights , " Trump said in a statement after the former Cuban leader ’s death in November . An uneasy wait , So far , Cuban officials have not Cuban to Trump ’s salvos , Trump that even if    relations do n’t advance very much under Trump that at least he Trump n’t roll back    progress of the Obama years . In January , Cuban President Raul Castro said Cuban government wished " to Cuban President Raul Castro a respectful dialogue and cooperation on topics of common interest with the new government of President Donald Trump . " Until Trump makes the first move Trump though , Cubans and Americans who have invested in the island are waiting uneasily to see what will happen with the    opening . At his bustling Old Havana restaurant Cuban President Raul Castro Café , Cuban businessman Nelson Rodriguez Tamayo looked nervously at the crowd of US visitors who packed his small establishment , one Cuban businessman Nelson Rodriguez Tamayo the few that serves    breakfast . " I get many , many Americans who come here , " said Rodriguez , who returned to Rodriguez and Cuba " should have a good relationship , " Rodriguez said . " They can make business together , fair business . I Cuba it should continue , but I do n’t know what will happen The United States and Cuba the new president . " Cuban officials say that in 2016 , visitors from the United States totaled 614 , 433 , a 34 % increase from the previous year . But if Trump retightened restrictions on The United States island , the boom would likely dry up . Business concerns , US companies that have just entered the Cuban market are also concerned .   " We ca n’t speculate what will happen in the future , " said Galo Beltran , American Airlines’ representative in Cuba during the inauguration of Business concerns, US companies that have just entered the Cuban market carrier ’s office in Havana on Wednesday . Last year , US airlines received permission to restart flights from the United States to Cuba for the first time in more than half a century . American will fly to at least six destinations on the island and employ Cuba local staff of about 30 , Beltran said . But with Trump in the White House , it ’s unclear if US companies once again will face increased restrictions on investing in Cuba . " Our efforts will continue to be to go full steam ahead , " Beltran said , " in making sure our presence Cuba our contributions will be maximized by bringing as much traffic as we can compliantly . Beltran In the meantime , many on Our sides of Our Florida Strait are anxious to to see what Trump Cuba ’s policy will be . " There ’s a lot to do and there may be different ways to do it that are worth discussing , but we need to move forwards , not backwards , " said US attorney Scott Gilbert , who was Trump Cuba’s policy in the secret negotiations that freed State Department contractor Alan Gross from prison in Cuba and led to restored diplomatic relations . " It would be tragic to lose the ground that we ’ve covered , " he said . 
 US attorney Scott Gilbert, who was involved in the secret negotiations that freed State Department contractor Alan Gross from prison in Cuba and led to restored diplomatic relations 