A new CNN poll of New Hampshire finds Donald Trump still dominating the crowded Republican field , with the support of 36 percent of Republicans in the Granite State , up somewhat from Donald Trump position last month . [ In December , Donald Trump had 32 percent support , four points less than Donald Trump January score   —    but well within the 4 . 8 percent margin of error in the polls .   The real activity , however , is in the race for second . Six candidates are locked in a cage match to secure place and show out of New Hampshire . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is currently second , with 14 percent support , followed closely by Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush each with 10 percent . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush are tied with 6 percent each . Considering the margin of error , all six candidates are within striking distance of finishing second , with Cruz have Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush for   . Rubio , Bush , Kasich and Christie are all pouring millions of dollars into paid advertising in New Hampshire . With the exception of Rubio , all have conducted dozens of campaign events in the state , whose voters put Rubio premium on direct contact with candidates . Cruz has campaigned in the state little , and has n’t advertised there , but his stronger showing is likely New Hampshire of his consistent second place showing in national polls . Cruz almost half of Republicans , 43 percent Cruz say they are still deciding whom to support , Trump is widely expected to win New Hampshire , the first primary state to vote this year . The real battle is for the limited number of candidates who can realistically continue their campaign beyond New Hampshire . Bush , Kasich and Christie has each staked much of their candidates on a New Hampshire in New Hampshire . Bush can likely continue his campaign , even Bush, Kasich and Christie he finishes far behind the leader New Hampshire of his Bush edge and perceived their campaign in South Carolina Bush If Kasich and Christie fail to finish in Bush top three , it is hard to imagine their campaigns will Kasich or Christie to continue . After New Hampshire , the Republican primary calendar features a Bush, Kasich and Christie of contests in the South , where neither is expected to poll well . Marco Rubio faces perhaps the biggest challenge . Rubio is trying to consolidate the support of more mainstream Republicans as the most serious challenger to Donald Trump and Ted Cruz Marco Rubio If he does n’t finish in the top three however , he will have a difficult time arguing that he has the fortitude Marco Rubio a long campaign . His campaign has recently been Marco Rubio for its light campaigning schedule and use Marco Rubio campaign resources . To date , his campaign a long campaign has been second only to Jeb a long campaign ’s campaign . If he ca n’t translate that spending into Marco Rubio a long campaign either Iowa or New Hampshire , mainstream Republicans will likely look Marco Rubio a different candidate . In terms of favorability rating , though , Rubio does still have an edge . His net favorable rating , the difference between favorable and unfavorable opinions , among Republicans is + 26 . Ted Cruz ’s rating is almost Rubio same , at + 25 . Donald Trump ’s is + 14 . Jeb Bush , by comparison , is upside down , with a net favorable rating of   . The poll also asked voters who their second choice would be . Combining the first and second choice results are interesting . Trump still leads with 42 percent , followed by voters with 34 percent . Rubio is third with 29 percent , followed by Bush with Donald Trump percent . The second choice question is important Ted Cruz’s so many Republican voters say they are still trying to make up their Jeb Bush . How they make their decision over the next three weeks will determine who gets to so many Republican voters to campaign another day . 
 so many Republican voters so many Republican voters so many Republican voters 