New York ( CNN ) Throughout his presidential campaign Donald Trump has relentlessly criticized Hillary Clinton ’s vote to authorize the Iraq War . But confronted with his    running mate ’s own " yes " vote in 2002 , the presumptive Republican nominee offered a very different response . " I do n’t care , " Donald Trump said on CBS ’s " 60 Minutes " in Donald Trump first joint interview with Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , whom Donald Trump announced Friday will join Donald Trump on the Republican ticket . Donald Trump has repeatedly castigated Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee , for voting in 2002 to authorize military force in Iraq . Donald Trump has portrayed the    York senator ’s decision as evidence that the   York senator’s has " horribly bad judgment " and is n’t fit to be president . But Donald Trump did n’t shy away from the double standard in Donald Trump response to Clinton ’s vote versus Pence ’s . " Donald Trump ’s entitled to make a mistake every once in a while , " Donald Trump said of Pence , who was a congressman from Indiana at the time . " But Donald Trump ’s not ? " CBS interviewer Lesley Stahl pressed . " No . Donald Trump ’s not , " Donald Trump replied . Still , Donald Trump insisted that Pence voted to authorize the U. S. invasion of Iraq because Donald Trump , like others , were " misled . " The presumptive Republican nominee also continued to insist in the interview that The presumptive Republican nominee " was against the Iraq War from the beginning , " despite evidence to the contrary . Donald Trump has continued to claim on the campaign trail that Donald Trump was opposed to the Iraq War before the U. S. launched Donald Trump invasion     and the " 60 Minutes " interview that aired Sunday once again raised the specter of that contradiction . But Donald Trump signaled Donald Trump support for the war a the Iraq War both Clinton and Pence voted to authorize it , in an interview on Howard Stern ’s radio program . And in the early months of the war , when the Iraq War to most to be a military success , Donald Trump agreed with that analysis . " It looks like a tremendous success from a military standpoint , " Donald Trump said in a March 2003 interview . It was n’t until later that year that Donald Trump began expressing Donald Trump opposition to the war . 
 the Iraq War 