’   ’ "    On Monday , the head of the White House ’s National Trade Council ,    Peter Navarro , laid out the objectives of Peter Navarro trade agenda in a    speech before the National Association of Business Economists . " ’    The thrust of Navarro’ ’s speech was that the " liberal trading    order " the world has known for 70 years has been unfair to the    richest country in the world . Bad deals have taken the most    valuable jobs   —    manufacturing jobs   —    from American workers . They    have boxed the US out of markets abroad . Countries like China are       a strategy of " conquest by purchase , " buying up US    assets , especially . ’ "    Navarro did n’t just attack China China    he picked Navarro 15 other    countries , many of which are US allies . Their offense , he said Navarro    is contributing to the US ’s manufacturing trade deficit by    exporting    goods to our country than we do to theirs . Their ,    he       has been a drag on US GDP growth for decades . " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’     ’ ’    " T ’ ’    The biggest problem with that comment is that here in 2017 , the    sector of the economy that promises the most growth   —    and    overwhelmingly dominates the economy   —    is the services    sector .    ’ ’   ’ ’    Now , wages in the services sector vary . After all , " services "    captures everything from retail employees and taxi drivers    to investment bankers and nurses . ’ ’   ’ ’    But instead of educating Americans for high paying services jobs ,    Navarro insisted the government’ ’s focus should be to    " ’ ’    He pinned Navarro ’s manufacturing ( and trade deficit woes ) on 16    " problem " countries , including Japan , South Korea , and Germany . ’ ’    " While the percentage of Americans working in manufacturing is 8 %    today , Germany by Germany which has some of the most advanced    robotics in the world continues to employ 20 % of its workforce Germany    manufacturing . " ’ ’    In 2014 , the International Monetary Fund calculated that if the    US manufacturing sector stood alone , it would the   US manufacturing sector the   ’ ’    Germany’ ’s entire economy comes in fourth . One economist    and trade expert , Lee Branstetter from Carnegie Mellon , told us a    few weeks back that Germany is the " ’ ’   ’ "    If Navarro does want us to us like Germany , Germany ’s Germany is the " ’ ’  ’ "    in a    very Single White Female kind of way . He ’s Navarro    of its manufacturing    , but he also Navarro the country Germany currency manipulator for being in the euro , which includes weaker    economies that keep the value of the currency below where Navarro    thinks it should be the currency " ’    Germany   ’ ’   ’ "    The notion of even trying to get Germany to violate   Germany pacts      Germany the EU has an incredibly chilling effect , because this is    where it ’s clear that Navarro has no Navarro    for another    country ’s government or sovereignty . He does not Navarro    honesty or    fairness in even the US ’s closest allies’ dealings with us . With    such a mindset , how can one even find a level playing field if it    ever existed    " ’    Navarro also displayed a penchant he shares with Navarro Trump    for spreading unverified claims that fit his worldview . Navarro ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ "    Now thankfully , it is clear that Navarro ’s ideas Navarro even    within Trump ’s economic policy President Trump    " ’    Last week Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told CNBC that he does    not consider Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross a currency manipulator . And in his speech    Navarro was Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross upset that he would have to wait Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross April    at least before Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin would determine    whether or not to designate China a currency manipulator   ’ ’    Navarro would clearly prefer to Navarro charging at his perceived    enemies right Navarro . ’ ’ For more on the future of Trump’ ’s trade wars ( or peace )    listen to Business Insider’ ’s Linette Lopez and Josh Barro on    their podcast , " Hard Pass " : ’ ’ ’ " On Monday , the head of the White House ’s . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 