  ( CNN ) A growing number of key lawmakers in both parties are calling on Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller to detail what specifically Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller Russia investigation is targeting , with one Democratic senator warning bluntly that failing to do so could jeopardize the criminal probe into President Donald Trump ’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn . Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , the top Democrat on a Judiciary subcommittee , told CNN Thursday that Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse, the top Democrat on a Judiciary subcommittee ’s possible President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn is cooperating with the Justice Department     and that Capitol Hill has not been kept in the loop . President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn warned that congressional probes that have subpoenaed President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn for records could undercut Mueller ’s investigation if the former national security adviser is secretly working with the Justice Department     as part of its broader the Justice Department     into possible collusion between Russian officials and Trump associates during the campaign season . " There is at least a reasonable hypothesis that President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn is already cooperating with the DOJ investigation and perhaps even has been for some time , " said Whitehouse , a Rhode Island Democrat . Whitehouse added he President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn no direct evidence to suggest that Flynn President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn cooperating with the Justice Department . But he President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn there is circumstantial evidence to suggest that it could be the case , saying Mueller President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn immediately detail the situation to " deconflict " with probes on the Hill to " make sure that congressional investigations are n’t inadvertently competing with DOJ criminal investigations . " Flynn President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn declined to comment when asked if his client President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn cooperating with the Justice Department . The concerns speak to the mounting tension between the Hill investigation and the the Hill Mueller is now leading . Already , the Senate judiciary committee and House oversight committee have been stonewalled on their requests for documents the Senate judiciary committee and House oversight committee particularly for the memos FBI Director James Comey reportedly wrote about his conversations with Trump the memos FBI Director James Comey the Russia investigation . And leaders of the Senate intelligence committee House oversight committee with Mueller to detail the path ahead . the memos FBI Director James Comey Thursday , the FBI declined to provide documents to FBI FBI , saying in a House oversight committee bureau was undergoing " appropriate consultation " with Mueller . The letter prompted a sharp response from House the memos FBI Director James Comey chairman a letter that the bureau was undergoing "appropriate consultation" with Mueller , who told acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe that the committee ’s investigation is FBI central " to House oversight committee . " The committee has its own ,    prerogative to conduct investigations House oversight committee Chaffetz said House oversight committee laying out a litany of records he wants from the FBI . Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley has grown frustrated Chaffetz the FBI not provided his panel with enough key information     and instead FBI FBI that information to the Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley intelligence committee even though his panel has jurisdiction over the bureau enough key information     he told CNN earlier this week that his panel prepared to subpoena the Comey memos if Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley had to . " I have Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley made a decision yet , " Grassley said Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley asked about issuing subpoenas to the Justice Department . " If we have Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley , I think you ’ll have find Democrats willing to do it too . " Whitehouse , whose Judiciary subcommittee is investigating Russia meddling , said he ’s " willing to grant them a little bit of space " to respond to the panel Whitehouse, whose Judiciary subcommittee is investigating Russia meddling requests . " But it Russia meddling limited . " The Rhode Island Democrat said there are number of factors that suggest Flynn is working the Justice Department in its probe . He pointed out that " all reporting indicates they ’ve got him dead to rights The Rhode Island Democrat a false The Rhode Island Democrat felony " in his private interview with all reporting FBI over The Rhode Island Democrat conversations last year with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . He The Rhode Island Democrat noted that Flynn has gone silent The Rhode Island Democrat retroactively signed on as a foreign agent to Turkey The Rhode Island Democrat And he noted that a federal grand jury has been summoned and has issued subpoenas to Flynn associates . The Rhode Island Democrat : Senate intel issues 2 new subpoenas related to Flynn , " So none Flynn that proves anything but it ’s all consistent with the hypothesis that Flynn ’s already cooperating , " Whitehouse told CNN . " But that ’s certainly a hypothetical case The Rhode Island Democrat a time when we do need need this    apparatus in place to make sure that congressional investigations are n’t inadvertently competing DOJ criminal investigations . " Whitehouse added that there ’s confusion about the structure of the investigation , including where other key players Whitehouse , like senior Justice official Dana Boente , who had been leading the Russia investigation . " Clarifying that , I think , is also something that Mueller may want to tell us about , " Whitehouse said . " But one way or the other , we need an answer . We need Whitehouse understand what the structure is . " RELATED : The us paths from Trump to us , The chairman of the Whitehouse ’s committee , Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham , has sounded alarms Russia the Mueller investigation will impede Whitehouse separate investigation into Russia . " The appointment of the special counsel is Mueller taking Congress more out of the loop Russia diminished our ability to investigate , " Graham said last week . 
 