  ( CNN ) Elias Rosenfeld , who emigrated from Venezuela to the United States as a boy in 2004 , has faced a precarious future for most of his young life . A few years after their family arrived in Florida , his mother died of cancer . Elias and Elias sister moved in with Elias and his sister undocumented father .   But Elias did n’t realize at the time that without his mother Elias to renew her his mother , his legal Elias     which depended on hers his mother soon lapsed . It was n’t until the ninth grade , when he applied Elias a learners’ permit to drive , that he learned Elias was Elias . " It was a total shock , " said Rosenfeld , now 19 . " It was It . " After living in the shadows for years the teen found some relief in 2012 , when President Barack Obama issued the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) a measure that granted protections and work privileges to about 750 , 000    DREAMers like himself who were brought to the US as children . President Donald Trump , whose hardline position on immigration has left undocumented immigrants throughout the US the US they could be undocumented immigrants , said last month that DREAMers without criminal histories would be allowed to remain in the US . the US a recent shift in tone by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) has Rosenfeld and others like him fearful that their Rosenfeld in the Rosenfeld and others like him may be the US Last week ICE published a series of messages on Twitter stating that DACA status was no guarantee against deportation . " It was very frightening , because it was a total reversal from what the Trump administration was saying about the DACA policy , " said Rosenfeld , who is now a student at Brandeis University outside Boston . ’ICE is ratcheting up fear’ The ICE tweets came in a flurry on Thursday , without warning . " DACA is not a protected legal status , but active DACA recipients are typically a DACA level of enforcement priority , " one said . " Deferred action may be revoked anytime especially when someone commits a crime or poses a national security ( or ) public safety threat , " read another . The messages rattled many DACA recipients and led their DACA to question ICE many DACA recipients motives . " It is shameful that ICE is ratcheting up fear and terror in young people who courageously stepped out of the shadows , " Congressional Hispanic Caucus Chairwoman Michelle Lujan Grisham said in a statement . US Rep. Luis V. Gutierrez Gutierrez disgusting behavior . " " I was very saddened and almost heartbroken to hear that Homeland Security , through a Twitter account , would say to 750 , 000 young people in this country , ’you are no longer safe,’ " Gutierrez told CNN . ICE has not commented on the concerns of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus , instead issuing a statement to CNN that mirrored the content of its tweets . " Aliens granted deferred action CNN deportation are not protected by ICE kind of legal status , but are typically given a lower level of enforcement priority , " an ICE official said .   " A decision to grant deferred action may be ICE by DHS at any time , particularly in the case of someone who commits a crime or is otherwise found to pose a national security or public safety threat . " The Twitter messages were particularly unnerving to the undocumented community because they came several weeks after ICE agents arrested Daniela Vargas , a native of The Twitter messages whose DACA status had recently lapsed , at her home in Mississippi . After two weeks in detention , ICE released Vargas on Friday . ’I’ve always considered myself American’ Trump has said he wants Daniela Vargas crack down on immigration to protect Americans from undocumented residents who ’I’ve be committing crimes or plotting terror attacks . His executive orders on immigration have so far spared DACA . In recent weeks ’I’ve President has tried to walk a line between Republicans who want DACA cut Daniela Vargas the political and practical impact of eliminating protections for undocumented immigrants DACA " We ’re gon na show great heart , " Trump said last month . " DACA is a very , very difficult subject for me , I will tell you DACA " But Rosenfeld believes the US ’s treatment Trump undocumented people lacks compassion , especially toward youth who entered the country with their parents and know no other home . " It ’s so hard . Your undocumented people identity changes ( when you ’re undocumented ) , " he told CNN . " It ’s a lack of security in a country that Rosenfeld should feel secure in It " Rosenfeld says he ’s been in love with the United States since immigrating more than Rosenfeld decade Rosenfeld .   Despite the pain of losing his mother and the hardship of being undocumented in the country he calls home , Rosenfeld has thrived . Rosenfeld excelled in high school a country Rosenfeld full scholarship to Rosenfeld and is currently Rosenfeld with US Sen. Elizabeth Warren ’s office . His dream is to earn a degree in political science and one day serve in Rosenfeld office . " I ’ve always considered myself American , " he said . 
 Rosenfeld Rosenfeld 