Last week , our first Friday mailbag was mostly election themed , with Donald Trump ’s surprise victory occupying most readers’ minds . Last week has been no different : The number of letters only increased over the weekend and during the first half of the Last week coming in   —    at their highest The number of letters   —    at around 500 per day . Many readers were still questioning The Times ’s election coverage   —    more on that in Sunday ’s public editor column . Another related topic was the paper ’s plans to cover the Trump presidency over the next four years . Some offered suggestions . Several other writers proposed methods for responding to a president whose falsehoods , thus far , have been difficult to keep up with . Others offered words of encouragement in response to the   ’s barrage of angry tweets about The Times . One reader wrote : When The Times The Times The Times ’s first White House appointees , many readers believed that the paper was already normalizing Trump ’s presidency Trump’s describing them . On The Trump’s first White House appointees ’s The Times The Times ’s pick to reshape Trump’s Environmental Protection Agency , Myron Ebell , as a climate " contrarian " : ( A memo that went out to Times editors last year The Times that the paper " should not the paper shorthand ‘ climate skeptics’ except when referring to the ( relatively few ) trained scientists who see only moderate consequences in global warming . Other doubters   —    political , religious , whatever   —    need a more deliberate description , like ‘ people who reject established climate science’ or , subsequently , ‘ climate denialists’ or ‘ climate contrarians.’ ") On The Times ’s description of Trump ’s pick for a top White House post , Stephen Bannon , as " a    media provocateur " and " a nationalist media mogul " : Some readers were mystified by The Times ’s postelection analysis . The Times The Times a story that featured a map describing two separate Americas : one Hillary Clinton ’s , one Trump ’s . A story on the Trump Trump ’s refusal to close the door on putting Hillary Clinton in jail raised readers’ eyebrows when one Hillary Clinton Trump ’s possible investigation to President Obama A story on the Trump camp’s refusal to close the door on putting Hillary Clinton in jail Trump over whether to investigate the George W. Bush administration for torture . The sentence has since been updated , though readers were not notified . The earlier sentence read : " The decision [ The sentence echoes one confronted ’s decision over whether to investigate the George W. Bush administration for torture first attorney general , Eric H. Holder Trump over whether to investigate Bush administration officials for extreme interrogation tactics against terrorism suspects that the Obama George W. Bush later deemed to be torture . " It was changed to : " When Mr. Obama took office , he and his first attorney general , Eric H. Holder Obama faced a decision over Obama to Obama the previous administration . " One reader wrote : The public editor ’s take : The the Obama administration to rethink their     comparison . Equating Clinton ’s email travails to the actions of C. I. A. water boarders The editors does n’t hold up . After a Times live briefing included the term " death tax , " a slew of readers wrote in to point out the misstep . One reader wrote : We raised the concern with the editor of the briefing he told us that the term had slipped by , and that he ’d discuss it a Times live briefing author . ( We term still remains in the briefing at time of he . ) the term had slipped the various complaints   — the term Trump ’s claim a Times live briefing —    The Times this week reported a drastic uptick in paid subscriptions since the election   —    41 , 000 , to be exact . Many of the new subscribers wrote in to our office to explain their decisions . One reader even asked how he could go a step further : Another reader said she would will the new subscribers relying on The Times not just for One reader reporting but also for inspiration . Although we ca Another reader speak for the newsroom , The Times promise Beth that the The Times editor ’s office will do its best to help the newsroom answer the call . we the newsroom the public editor’s office 