’   ’ ’    While much of America ’s political class is transfixed by the    debate about connections between Russia and the White House , a    quieter but perhaps more consequential drama is playing out at    Foggy Bottom . perhaps more consequential drama concerns the startling diminution of Secretary    of State Rex Tillerson and perhaps the entire department that he    heads . Normally the most important position in the cabinet , the    secretary of state has had little impact on the Trump    administration so far . And , if anything , he role appears    headed for further decline . ’ ’    the   secretary of state draws his or her the   secretary of state less the   secretary of state the U. S.    Constitution or the laws than from five sources : backing from the    president , advice and support from his or her the   secretary of state ’s the   secretary of state    officials , admiration from and alliances with other leaders in    the government , praise from the press and public , and positive    evaluations of his or her the   secretary of state and the   secretary of state by foreign    diplomats . ’ ’    These individuals and groups do not act independently but rather    depend on each other and interact to build up or tear down the    secretary ’s power . Perceptions and reality blend as to be seen as    powerful or weak , and that can readily become    in    the Washington echo chamber . ’ ’    These dynamics have worked against Tillerson until now . And    though he still has    time to reverse them , he does not       much .    ’   ’ ’    Even more than most cabinet members who have extensive    responsibilities detailed    law , the power of the secretary of    state depends on the incumbent ’s relationship with the president .    He or    the president to be able to speak for the president , the president audiences both domestic and foreign need to know that this is the    case . This is demonstrated not only by presidential statements of    praise but also by the secretary ’s presence at meetings with    foreign leaders and    important policymaking deliberations . ’ ’    Tillerson ’s position here is very weak . President Donald Trump    has shown his lack of faith President Donald Trump    him by vetoing his President Donald Trump    for the President Donald Trump    No . 2 position in his department , Elliott President Donald Trump    . Tillerson has    also been absent for most of Trump ’s meetings with President Donald Trump       leaders . ’       He likewise does not President Donald Trump    to be playing a central role in the few      decisions that the Trump administration has made President Donald Trump       He does not    President Donald Trump    have been consulted before      Security Advisor Michael Flynn took the White House podium to    announce that Iran    now " on notice " not to conduct further    provocative missile tests ; there is no evidence that his advice    was Security Advisor Michael Flynn when    huddled with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo    Abe in January after a North Korean missile launch ; nor does he    appear to Security Advisor Michael Flynn    involved in Trump ’s equivocation on Trump he still supported a Security Advisor Michael Flynn solution in the Middle East . Most    dramatically , he    not been Security Advisor Michael Flynn to stave off Trump ’s proposal    for Trump in the budget for diplomacy and foreign aid . ’ ’    Tillerson might compensate for this lack of support by strong    backing from his department . This would not Tillerson arm him with    information and arguments Tillerson make his voice heard but would show Tillerson other audiences that he has    the respect of Tillerson    professionals . Tillerson unfortunately is weak here as well . ’ ’    News stories indicate that he remains distant from his officials Tillerson    many of Tillerson have been removed or have resigned , and convey    dissatisfaction and negative evaluations of    performance by    foreign service Tillerson . A minor indicator was his ignorance of    the protocol Tillerson be followed when he met his Russian counterpart    Tillerson neglected Tillerson make the standard introductory remarks . This    shows that Tillerson was disconnected from his building ’s    expertise , Tillerson he ignored    he was told Tillerson or that Tillerson    subordinates went out of Tillerson way to embarrass him . his   subordinates ’   ’ Tillerson    The news stories are based on leaks , of course , but the very fact    that many people in the State Department are willing to express    their dismay is a troubling sign many people in the State Department ’ ’    More importantly , these press stories tell everyone in The news stories including foreign embassies , that Tillerson is    ineffective . Even if these descriptions are incorrect , by    influencing widespread perceptions they undermine him . The fact    that everyone in   Washington, including foreign embassies has    been meeting with reporters , Tillerson even    temporarily halted the daily departmental press briefings , has    contributed to the sense of his being    . ’ ’    Some    in this position can compensate by drawing on    independent support from political elites and the    at    large . This was true for Colin    , who served as secretary of    state under George W. Bush . Although from the start he was not    the president ’s    man , he was able to retain a seat at man the table because of his independent standing as a major national    man based on his previous    service as national    security man and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , which    Tillerson lacks . ’ ’    When he was secretary of state during the John F. Kennedy and    Lyndon Johnson administrations , Dean Rusk was not in the    president ’s inner circle   —    especially under Kennedy   —    nor did he    have any independent base of support Kennedy   But in addition to working    well with those in his building , he was valued by his peers ,    his Secretary of Defense his McNamara and       Security Advisor McGeorge Bundy , for his steadiness and good    judgment . As his result , he was never excluded from the flow of his information or crucial meetings . Although it    too early to tell    how Tillerson is regarded by Secretary of Defense James Mattis    and National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster , there is no evidence    that they have come to rely heavily    him . ’ ’   ’ ’       possible source of support for the secretary is the    foreign diplomatic corps with which he interacts . Several of his    predecessors the secretary Powell or Rusk already the secretary favorable    reputations abroad when they took office , and John Kerry , favorable   reputations    Obama ’s    secretary of state , was central to foreign    policy less because of his close relations with Obama than    because foreign   policy his deep involvement Barack   Obama multiple international    negotiations foreign   policy —    including the Iran nuclear deal and his efforts to    secure a    in foreign   policy and an    peace    deal   —    and ties to many international diplomats .   ’ ’ Perhaps he can gain strength    from impressing and foreign   policy them , but this is likely to be strength    difficult unless he can start major negotiations   —    foreign   policy bring them    to a successful conclusion . ’ strength       These sources of power are not independent of each other . The    more the secretary is seen as the secretary the president the more he or she gains respect the president others in the    cabinet and professional diplomats ,    American and foreign .    Conversely , the president is less likely the president his or her    secretary close the president the latter is viewed as weak or ineffective by    other audiences . The role of the press is important here less as    a describer of the scene than as a means of keeping all the other    players informed and rendering independent judgments of its own .    Washington is a small community , and reputations develop quickly    and matter    great deal . ’ ’   ’ ’    With    weaknesses reinforcing each other , Tillerson is on a    downward spiral . Tillerson it will require open support from the    Tillerson    most obviously by his scrapping the diplomatic and    foreign aid Tillerson cuts , ratifying Tillerson ’s choice Tillerson top    subordinates    including him in    meetings , and    endorsing Tillerson of his policies , such as not    the    United    from the Paris    change agreement . In    parallel , Tillerson needs to assert the role of the Tillerson    Department    issues of trade and migration that are central to    Trump ’s concerns . Meeting with President Donald Trump    and displaying command    of the issues would also be important steps . the press    Without measures like these , Tillerson and his department are    likely to recede Tillerson further Tillerson background . This would not    be unprecedented : William Rogers played only a small role in    Richard Nixon ’s foreign    . But since Trump is not Nixon , and    President Donald Trump       not likely to become Henry Kissinger , under the    current Richard Nixon the result would likely be the diminution    not only of the secretary of state but of diplomacy as well . ’ ’While much of America ’s the secretary ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 