GOP frontrunner Donald Trump took swipes at fellow GOP candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) during a campaign rally in New Hampshire Friday morning following Fox News ’s GOP primary debate in Iowa , where GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said Cruz " got pummeled . " [ " Cruz is in second place , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump stated , adding that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump " got pummeled last night . "   " They did n’t even mention GOP frontrunner Donald Trump was born in Canada , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said of the Fox News debate moderators . " I do n’t know what ’s going to happen to GOP frontrunner Donald Trump poll numbers , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said , waging they They probably not going up . " Ted Cruz an anchor baby in Canada , Canada GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told the crowd , although noting that Canada does Canada permit citizenship to children born in the country from illegal immigrants as the United States does . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump also referenced how GOP frontrunner Donald Trump previously brought up the issue of illegal immigration facing the country the country anchor babies " under the 14th amendment during GOP frontrunner Donald Trump campaign . " I think that ’s one of the reasons GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s crashing , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said , referencing Cruz ’s poll numbers and the fact that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump was born in Canada . " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s a citizen of Canada and GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Canada a senator from Texas   …     how the hell does that work ? " Cruz was born Cruz Canada , but Canada mother was a U. S. citizen . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump also mocked Cruz ’s memory Cruz " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump did n’t know about Citibank loaning GOP frontrunner Donald Trump money , " adding that Cruz did n’t know Cruz the Goldman Sachs loan and his Canadian citizenship . Goldman Sachs GOP frontrunner Donald Trump wants to have you think GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s Robin Hood   …     but unfortunately , the banks have GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , " Trump charged about Cruz Trump Trump told Cruz New Hampshire audience he came to see Trump and that he the New Hampshire audience n’t want Trump cancel the campaign rally on Friday morning even though the Iowa caucus is just three days away , adding , " I ’m going right back . " " I went from there to here and now I ’m going back . ’m touted , " Trump loyal is that to New Hampshire ? Do I get points ? " While Trump started his morning Trump New Trump , Cruz New Hampshire least five events in Iowa throughout the day Iowa Sen. Rick Santorum   —    the 2012 Iowa caucus winner    Iowa    also scheduled five events throughout the state on Friday . Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) Gov. Mike Huckabee , Carly Fiorina , Ben Carson , Gov. Chris Christie , Gov. John Kasich , Sen. Rand Paul ( ) and Jeb Bush are also spending the day campaigning all over the Hawkeye state . 
 