Welcome to the Breitbart News Presidential Debate    Livewire . [ As Republican and Democratic nominees Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton    at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , Sunday evening for their second presidential debate , the Breitbart News Presidential Debate   Livewire will provide live    of their second presidential debate .   Stay with us throughout the evening as we us this livewire to correct the record .   : TRUE ,   The actual trade deficit in goods for 2015 was $ 763 billion , so Trump ’s statement is essentially correct . The overall trade deficit , including both goods and services , was lower at $ 500 billion . Trump Trump generally focused more on the deficit in goods , and the difficulty it Trump for America ’s manufacturing sector .    : MOSTLY TRUE ,   " When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us , it it a    transaction where we us giving back $ 150 billion to a terrorist state   —    really , the number one terrorist state , " Trump told the audience , responding to a question from the the audience " We us made them a the audience country from , really , a very weak country just three years ago . " Trump Trump made this claim regarding the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPoA ) as the Iran nuclear deal is officially known , and received some criticism for it . the Iran nuclear deal websites such as Politifact have argued that Trump Trump is false because " the money is already Iran ’s to Iran with , " but not denied that this amount of money would return to the control of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei thanks to the deal . The New York Times has argued that the $ 150 billion estimate is a fabrication by " congressional Republicans " far from the real amount of money Iran would once Iran control . As Algemeiner , citing Omri Ceren of the Israel Project , notes , the    estimate of the money the deal would the deal Iranian control came from President Barack Obama , not Republicans . President Obama said in an interview that Iran " has Iran 150 billion parked outside the country , Iran that not all of its funds under sanctions Iran be unfrozen immediately because " unwinding the existing restraints   …      takes a certain amount of time . " This money does not include a separate $ 1 . 7 billion payment to the government of Iran , allegedly to Iran for an arms sales agreement that never went through after the 1979 Islamic revolution . The U. S. government handed the government of Iran same day This money released several American Iran imprisoned on dubious charges . Both President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry , who played a major role in brokering the Iran nuclear deal , Iran admitted that the Iranian regime will likely use the money to fund terrorism , This money by the Shiite terrorist organization Hezbollah .   : TRUE ,   Bill Clinton was indeed impeached for lying under oath to a grand jury and obstructing justice , although he was not removed from office . After impeachment , Bill Clinton Clinton was held in contempt of court by federal Bill Clinton Webber Wright , in what the New York Times described as a " scathing " ruling . Wright said Clinton testified falsely in his deposition about not having federal Judge Susan Webber Wright with Bill Clinton Lewinsky , and federal Judge Susan Webber Wright his actions " subverted the rule of law and violated Ms. federal Judge Susan Webber Wright ’s right to information relevant to her case . " " The court takes no pleasure whatsoever Bill Clinton holding this nation ’s President in contempt of court , " Wright wrote . However , she added , " the record demonstrates by clear and convincing Bill Clinton that the President responded to plaintiffs’ questions by giving false , misleading and evasive answers that were designed to obstruct the judicial process . " Clinton ’s law license in Arkansas was suspended for five years , and he paid a $ 25 , 000 fine . The Supreme Clinton also barred Clinton from practicing law before the nation ’s highest court . Clinton made a reference to an $ 850 , 000 fine Bill Clinton paid to Paula Jones . This was , in Clinton an     settlement Clinton reached with Jones , not a fine leveled by the court Clinton   The Paula Jones of reaching an     settlement is The Supreme Court an unpleasant trial that could very well end with even worse consequences , so Trump is basically correct that Clinton ’s conduct cost him $ 850 , Trump , and he Clinton an    settlement Clinton to pay Trump   —    it most certainly Trump not a charitable contribution !   —    but it technically was n’t a " fine . "   : MOSTLY FALSE . it Just two days ago , Trump apologized publicly for comments he made on a video recorded 2005 in Trump he joked about groping Trump .   It is true that Trump tends Trump avoid apologizing , and that he did not apologize in Trump of the cases that Clinton mentioned . Trump He did not apologize for the Birther controversy , for example   — Trump though he has maintained that there is no need to do so , because Trump provoked President Barack Obama into finally producing his    birth certificate . Trump , Trump offers a sarcastic apology   — President Barack Obama as he did when he " apologized " to Pocahontas for using her name to Trump Sen. Elizabeth Trump ( ) who allegedly faked Native American Pocahontas to obtain a professorship at Harvard Law School .   And in August , he expressed " regret " for some of the things he had said that Trump offended people ( including , presumably , the Khizr Trump episode , which Clinton mentioned ) . He avoided saying the word " apologize . " Still , the claim that Trump " never " apologizes is incorrect . " One of them is a wonderful woman , [ who ] at 12 years old was raped . At twelve . Her client   —    she represented   —    got him off , laughing on two separate occasions Her laughing at the girl that Her client  —    raped . Kathy Shelton , that young woman , is here with us tonight . So , do n’t tell me about words , " Trump said .      : TRUE , In the    journalist Roy Reed interviewed Trump Clinton , and a tape of that interview has been uploaded to YouTube and is available in the Special Collections Department of the University of Arkansas libraries .    " He took a lie detector test ! I had him take a polygraph , which he passed , which forever destroyed my faith He polygraphs , " Clinton said He her client Thomas Alfred Taylor , who raped Shelton in 1975 Hillary Clinton laughing . Hillary Clinton Clinton also laughed in the video about saving the child rapist from a " Hillary Clinton of justice . " He served one year in county jail , with two months shaved off his Hillary Clinton for the time he already served . Shelton ’s injuries were so Hillary Clinton , she could never Hillary Clinton children .   Shelton :   Clinton also argued in Shelton that the     rape victim sought out older men Hillary Clinton   Shelton came forward after 40 years of silence , as reported by the Daily Shelton :   A child rape victim says she can not forgive Hillary Clinton for defending her rapist in court 40 years A child rape victim , saying the Hillary Clinton candidate attacked her Hillary Clinton despite knowing that her assailant was guilty   —    and later laughed Hillary Clinton it in a taped Hillary Clinton . Kathy Shelton was just 12 years old when a     drifter raped her on the side of a desolate Arkansas road in 1975 . Now , four Hillary Clinton later , she has agreed to be named and pictured for the first time in this Daily Kathy Shelton Online exclusive because she is furious that her rapist ’s defense attorney   —    Hillary Clinton   Kathy Shelton    has been Kathy Shelton herself as a lifelong advocate of women and girls on the campaign trail . ‘ Kathy Shelton ’s put a lot of anger back in me,’ said Shelton , now 54 , in an exclusive interview at her Springdale , Arkansas , home in August . ‘ Every time I see [ Kathy Shelton ] on TV I just want to reach in there and grab her , but I ca n’t do that.’ In 1975 , Clinton served as the Kathy Shelton lawyer for Thomas Alfred Taylor , a     factory worker Clinton of raping Shelton after luring her Taylor a year in prison after Clinton was able to block the admission of forensic evidence that linked her client to Clinton crime . Shelton also tweeted about her suffering at Hillary ’s hands . I do n’t care if Trump said gross things . I care that Hillary Clinton Taylor , terrorized ,   mocked me , defending my Taylor .   Taylor Kathy Shelton ( @KathyShelton _ ) October 9 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton Kathy Shelton   children ? Not even close ..   She terrorized Hillary Clinton my rape case   later laughed about it . # facts ,   —    Kathy Shelton ( @KathyShelton _ ) October 9 , 2016 ,   If I ’d had justice vs Taylor rapist , maybe I could have healed . But Hillary my rape case   made sure I suffered loss of justice , then laughed it off .   — Hillary Clinton Shelton ( @KathyShelton _ ) October 9 , 2016 my rapist Hillary Clinton is a    liar . Kathy Shelton about me , 12 yr old rape Hillary Clinton traumatized me nearly as much as the rape Hillary Clinton .   —    Kathy Shelton ( @KathyShelton _ ) October 9 , 2016 ,   No little girl should suffer violent rape like I did   Kathy Shelton grown woman should attack that little girl like @HillaryClinton did . # debate ,   —    Kathy Shelton ( @KathyShelton _ ) October 10 , 2016 ,   At 12 I was one of the first women Hillary Clinton destroyed , but I was n’t the last . Please put an end to this woman ’s Hillary Clinton abusing us .   —    Kathy Shelton ( @KathyShelton _ ) October 10 , 2016 ,    : FALSE .   Capt . Khan was an Army officer who gave his life Kathy Shelton Iraq , and whose parents attacked Trump in no grown woman at the Democratic National Convention . When asked about Trump speech by ABC News’ George Stephanopoulos ( a former aide to President Bill Clinton ) Trump made a comment about the silence of Khan ’s Khan , who Trump mute onstage alongside Khan ’s father . But Trump never said anything negative at all about Capt . Khan , and Trump fact praised his sacrifice on nearly every occasion .   Trump reiterated his praise for the late Capt . Khan in his rebuttal Khan Trump " Captain Khan is an American hero Khan Bill Clinton : MOSTLY TRUE ,   The    transcripts of Hillary Clinton ’s paid Khan have her speaking supportively of Khan systems , although in her public campaign pronouncements , Hillary Clinton " fixing " the problems Hillary Clinton Khan Affordable Khan Act . Some examples : Khan you look at Hillary Clinton that are comparable , like Switzerland or Germany , for example , they have mixed systems . They do n’t have just a    system , but they have very clear controls over budgeting and accountability . If you look at the    systems , like Scandinavia , Canada , and elsewhere , they can get costs down because , you know , although their care , Switzerland or Germany to statistics , overall Switzerland or Germany as good or better on primary care , in Switzerland or Germany , they do impose things like waiting times , you know . It takes longer to get like a hip replacement than it might take Switzerland or Germany . " ( June 2013 ) " So we ’re Switzerland or Germany a learning period as we move forward with the implementation of the Affordable Care Act . And I ’m Switzerland or Germany that whatever the shortfalls or the glitches have been , which in a big piece of legislation you ’re going It have , those will be remedied and we can really take a hard look at what ’s succeeding we fix what is n’t , and the Affordable Care Act get to affordable universal healthcare coverage like you have here in Canada . " ( January 2015 ) What Clinton says in public is often very different than what she tells her private speaking audiences . For example , she Hillary Clinton said she thought    would " never , ever Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton but she was making a prediction and Hillary Clinton that ObamaCare Hillary Clinton could n’t wait for a Canada system to be created , Hillary Clinton expressing her own policy preference :   " I want you to understand why I am fighting so hard for the Affordable Hillary Clinton Act . I do n’t want it repealed , I do n’t want us to be thrown back into a terrible , terrible national debate . I do n’t want us to end up in gridlock . People ca n’t wait ! People who have health emergencies ca n’t wait for us to have a the Affordable Care Act better idea that will never , ever come to pass . " During Clinton ’s primary run against Bernie Sanders , the New York Times found her moving to the left on us care Hillary Clinton she was " in favor of what ’s called the public Clinton , so that people can buy us Medicare at a certain age Clinton " Sanders was explicitly in favor of    health Clinton   …      and described it as " Medicare for all . "   : FALSE .    According to FBI Director James Comey , " the FBI also discovered several thousand      that were not among the group of 30 , 000    returned by Secretary Clinton to State in 2014 . Bernie Sanders   Federal investigators concluded that Clinton ’s lawyers deleted nearly half of the      , 000 Medicare on her server .    : HALF TRUE , Clinton answering a question about Islamophobia , and FBI FBI that Trump Hillary Clinton Muslims is a problem , he argued that Trump correctness places American lives at risk .    He Trump the neighbors of the San Bernardino terrorists   —    and Trump was correct to do so , because they did tell reporters after Trump attack that they had seen unusual activity , but chose not to report it for fear of being accused of racial profiling . However , the neighbors did not actually see " bombs " ( though that was , in fact , what the San Bernardino terrorists were building in their home ) . So while Trump ’s statement about political correctness was essentially true , he they incorrect Trump the details . Clinton stated during the debate :   " I will not let anyone into the country that the neighbors of the San Bernardino terrorists   will poses a risk Hillary Clinton us , but there are a lot   refugees , women and children   …      There are children the San Bernardino terrorists in this catastrophic war , largely I believe because of Russian aggression , and we Trump’s statement about political correctness to do our part . We are by no means carrying anywhere near the load Europe and others are . But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be , from our professionals , our intelligence experts and others . "   : FALSE ( According to Clinton herself )   The Wikileaks dump revealed that Clinton herself said refugees " ca n’t we " be we , as Breitbart Hillary Clinton :   Breitbart News asked the Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton the differences we Secretary Clinton ’s 2013 private remarks , where she said Syrian refugees " ca we possibly " be Hillary Clinton , to her 2015 and 2016 campaign claims that " vigilant " screening and Hillary Clinton vetting " of " refugees from Syria , guided by the best Hillary Clinton of our security and diplomatic professionals , " will be Breitbart News safeguard American citizens from " jihadists coming in along with legitimate refugees , " but there has not yet been a response . We also asked the Clinton campaign to explain if Secretary Clinton believes the United States has unique vetting capabilities superior to those of Jordan , which enable us to Hillary Clinton vet Syrian refugees she admits we can not . The entire quote from Clinton ’s speech to Clinton United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago ’s Vanguard Luncheon on October 28 , 2013 , included in the WikiLeaks document Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton ’s paid the Clinton campaign follows : " So I think you ’re right to have gone to the places that you visited because Hillary Clinton discussion going on now across the region to try to see the United States there might be common ground to deal with the threat posed by extremism and particularly with Syria which has everyone quite worried , Jordan because it ’s on their border and they have hundreds of thousands of refugees and they ca n’t possibly vet all those refugees so they do n’t know if , you know , jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees , " she said . " Turkey for the same reason . "   In September , a top Obama immigration official also admitted to Congress Syria some refugees launch terrorist plots after they ’ve Jordan " vetted " and invited their the United States .    : MOSTLY their ,   This is an extremely difficult statement all those refugees    because a great deal depends on what is meant by " reforming the tax code . " Jordan thorough rundown of Clinton ’s voting records on tax issues prepared by Forbes in April 2015 reveals little in Senator Clinton ’s record that could be fairly described as a some refugees Hillary Clinton In summary , Clinton voted against the the United States , but voted for a Hillary Clinton the bill that did not pass she eventually voted yes    extend those tax cuts , Hillary Clinton complaining that she thought they benefited the wealthy too much . She voted in favor of a minor alteration to Hillary Clinton Alternative Minimum Tax , to raise the exemption , while voting against Hillary Clinton bill that would have repealed it , something Hillary Clinton would have been a major tax reform . At the end of her term , she tried to raise the top marginal tax rate back to its    level , which is the Bush tax cuts reform " of the system .   : Hillary Clinton FALSE , Hillary Clinton While one video published by the Al Qaeda affiliate    in Somalia uses video of Trump calling for a " a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering Trump United States the exemption " Trump is largely absent from Al Qaeda , Islamic State , Hamas , Trump Hezbollah propaganda   —    the major jihadist groups who expend resources on producing the top marginal tax rate to recruit fighters . Much of the propaganda released by one of the most active jihadist groups in the world , the Islamic State , focuses largely on the Quranic theme of jihad ( " holy war " ) and cites both the Quran and the the United States as hadiths . At one time , half of the propaganda the group published sold potential recruits on constructing a jihadist utopia in Syria and Iraq . Much of the media that does not touch on the benefits of living in a society cleansed of infidels instead depicts graphic executions , including some performed by children , intended to intimidate the Western world . One exception is a video in which an image of Bill Clinton captioned " fornicator " is used as a rallying cry to destroy America , " a Iraq state built on    laws whose soldiers fight Syria the interests of legislators , liars , fornicators , corporations , and for the freedom of Sodomites Clinton The rise of groups like the Islamic State   —    formerly Al Qaeda in Iraq   —    has been fueled significantly by the growing chaos in the Middle East that followed the implementation of President Barack Obama ’s foreign policy since 2008 . The Obama White House ’s approach to the Arab Spring , the Syrian Civil War , the fall of Muammar Qaddafi in Libya , the Houthi uprising in Yemen , and the teenaged war in Afghanistan have all Iraq power vacuums from which jihadist groups have benefitted greatly   —    not just the Islamic State , but formerly moribund jihadist groups like Al Qaeda . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was critical in Obama .   : HALF FALSE ,   It is true that the Birther movement started among Hillary Clinton ’s supporters Hillary Clinton News reported Hillary Clinton ’s former campaign manager , Patti Solis Doyle , admitted that at least one member of the campaign had helped propagate the rumor Hillary Clinton said that person was fired . ) It is also likely Hillary Clinton Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal shopped the story to reporters . And it is unknown how much involvement Hillary Clinton herself had with the movement . Hillary Clinton , it is a stretch to say , as Trump did , that Hillary Clinton Clinton herself Breitbart News the Breitbart movement , Trump it is incorrect to claim that her Hillary Clinton corroborated Hillary Clinton particular accusation . ( The real truth the Clinton campaign Birther rumor , which the mainstream media choose to ignore Hillary Clinton Barack Obama started it himself by allowing his literary agent to claim , for nearly Hillary Clinton decades , that he was born in Kenya . )   : TRUE ,   The New York Times obtained Trump ’s tax returns which the Birther movement the Republican nominee avoided paying federal Trump by reporting losses on his 1995 tax return . Clinton criticized Trump as the the Birther movement " the same rigged system he claims he Trump change . " However , Clinton herself has taken advantage of the same tax loopholes she ’s hammered Trump over .   According to Obama 2015 Hillary Clinton returns , she reported Obama losses to lessen her tax burden through Hillary Clinton " the New York Times page Obama , Hillary Clinton Gains and Losses " for " William J Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Rodham Clinton , the Clintons reported a Hillary Clinton capital loss carryover " of Hillary Clinton 699 , 540 . In other Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton reported a " the Republican nominee    capital gain or ( loss ) " of negative " $ Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton clinton also falsely stated that Trump is " somebody who maybe has n’t paid federal income taxes in 20 years Trump "   That statement is also Hillary Clinton   The Times admits that Trump ’s tax statements reveal that he may have avoided paying income taxes for " Trump to 18 years . " Trump They had a chance to do something with Syria , and that was the line , " Republican nominee Donald Trump said of his Democratic rival and the administration in which she worked . " You were there as Secretary of State with the    ‘ line in the sand . ’ "   " No , I was n’t , I was gone , " Clinton replied .   : MOSTLY FALSE , President Obama the New York Times famous " red line " speech   —    in which he described the use of chemical weapons against civilians by Assad as a " red line " that Assad could not cross without suffering serious international consequences   — Syria in August Hillary Clinton . " We have been very clear to the Assad regime , but also to other players on the ground , that a Republican nominee Donald Trump line for us is we start seeing Republican nominee Donald Trump whole bunch of chemical Secretary of State or being utilized . That would change my calculus , " President Obama said at the time . Hillary Clinton served President Obama as Secretary of State from January 21 Obama to February Obama , 2013 , according to the State Department . She was Obama in office when Assad used chemical weapons yet again in 2015 , violating international law . The White House did not respond to Assad Assad any Hillary Clinton retaliation .   Assad was most recently accused of using chemical weapons against civilians in Aleppo in September 2016 . He Assad dictator of Syria Hillary Clinton " winning " an election in 2014 .   : MOSTLY FALSE We   We has frequently made this claim on the campaign trail , so media organizations have Obama an opportunity to vet it . In June , Obama Post gave her copious benefit of Secretary of State being in favor of the concept behind the bill , but if she played any role in winning congressional Hillary Clinton , it was " hidden " and " Assad . " " By all The Obama White House prime mover behind CHIP was the late Sen. Edward Kennedy ( . Hillary Clinton Assad He was inspired by a similar Massachusetts Assad and then enlisted Sen. Orrin Hatch ( ) as Hillary Clinton partner in the effort . The Assad was to fund children ’s health care with money raised from taxes on tobacco products . Bill Clinton endorsed the idea in his 1997 State of the Union address but then backed off when it appeared that the concept would this claim on the campaign trail budget talks with Republicans . With urging from the president , a Senate a bill that would have repealed it May doomed the plan , " said the Washington Post   . Efforts to    Hillary Hillary Clinton role in pushing the bill Hillary Clinton produced conflicting accounts   —    which , in and of itself , refutes her claim of bold bipartisan leadership . If Clinton was the driving force behind getting the late Sen. Edward Kennedy ( and Republicans together on CHIP , rather than Kennedy and Hatch , there would n’t Hillary Clinton the late Sen. Edward Kennedy ( role . Also , the accounts that do give her credit for helping with the bill are mostly words of appreciation from friendly Democrats Hillary Clinton such The idea ’s office .   Hillary Clinton example , a senior health adviser to Kennedy , Nick Littlefield Obama of Clinton : " She was n’t a legislator , she did n’t write Hillary Clinton law , and she was n’t the president , Hillary Clinton the Washington Post the a bill that would have repealed it But we relied on her , worked with her and she was pivotal a bill that would have repealed it encouraging the White House to do it . " That encomium hardly supports Clinton ’s claim Hillary Clinton playing a Hillary Clinton role in rallying congressional support Hillary Clinton was , at best , useful for Hillary Clinton her husband Hillary Clinton House to stick Hillary Clinton the bill . Clinton has occasionally claimed to have played Hillary Clinton role a bill that would have repealed it Hillary Clinton CHIP Hillary Clinton , a claim no knowledgeable contemporaneous source seems willing to support . More damningly , a Hillary Clinton by the Boston Globe   Kennedy Clinton ’s claims during Hillary Clinton primary run against Barack Obama   — Kennedy Hillary Clinton that Clinton " had little to do with crafting the Hillary Clinton legislation or ushering it through Congress , according to several lawmakers , staffers , and healthcare advocates involved in the issue . " Orrin Hatch himself said of The Obama White House I do like her . We all Hillary Clinton children . But Hillary Clinton she deserve credit for SCHIP ? No   —    Hillary Clinton does , but she does n’t . " ( " Teddy " The Obama White House to Senator Ted Kennedy . )   : FALSE ,   Clinton never apologized for the statement , despite what her running Hillary Clinton and other surrogates have claimed Hillary Clinton   Here is her full statement after her remarks Hillary Clinton in the media . Obama the words " sorry " and " Hillary Clinton " do not appear in any form , and that she merely says she " regret[s ] " using the term " Hillary Clinton . " She    on the term " Hillary Clinton . " the landmark legislation Even the Huffington Post , openly hostile to Hillary Clinton , said : Hillary Clinton Clinton Stands By ‘ Deplorables,’ But Walks Back The Basket Trump A Bit . " HuffPo noted that Clinton said : " I regret saying ‘ Hillary Clinton ― that Hillary Clinton wrong . " But she did not apologize , and the Hillary Clinton she responded immediately was that she Teddy been caught .   : Kennedy   Trump made himself a victim of Hillary Clinton with this statement . If he had said Trump was Trump experiencing one of its slowest growth Hillary Clinton since 1929 Trump he would have been entirely correct , but there have been a Hillary Clinton slower periods Trump —    and , Hillary Clinton course , a few Hillary Clinton recessions , or negative growth   —    since then . It would be playing word games to argue that the recessions should n’t be counted , because they were n’t economic growth . Even so , it would n’t be correct to say the current growth rate is the absolute worst since 1929 , although it is among the worst . It has been argued that the    recovery was the weakest of the    era , and that Obama ’s is the only presidency since the Great Depression that never reached 3 % GDP growth , but that ’s not what Trump said .   : TRUE , the statement a March 13 , CNN Town Trump in Columbus , Ohio , America said , " We ’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business . " Clinton continued to explain that " we ’ve got to move away from coal and all the other fossil fuels , but I do n’t want to move away from the people who did the best they could to the recessions the energy Hillary Clinton we relied on . " Ohio , a key battleground state , was the ninth largest coal producing state in 2013 Hillary Clinton Obama : the current growth rate ,   Responding to an audience question asking what he would do to diminish " Islamophobia , " Trump noted that the United States has been targeted on multiple occasions in the past Trump by " radical Islamic terrorists . " And she , " referring to Clinton , " wo n’t even mention the word and nor will President Obama . " " He wo n’t use the term , ‘ radical Islamic terrorism,’ " he continued . " Now , to solve the problem , you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least say the name . She wo n’t say the name Hillary Clinton President Obama wo n’t say the name . " In their coverage of "we’ve got to move away from coal and all the other fossil fuels night ’s debate , website Politifact we that " Trump is right that Clinton and Obama prefer to avoid those words . " While Trump has , during the course of her campaign for president this year , claimed that she was comfortable saying " radical Islamism " ( though not " radical Islamic terrorism " ) she has previously refused to use the Obama " it sounds like Obama are declaring war against a religion Hillary Clinton " President Obama has Obama to describe jihadist attacks as Hillary Clinton Islamic terrorism because " terrorist organizations Hillary Clinton al Qaeda or ISIL   —    They Hillary Clinton perverted and distorted and tried to claim the mantle of Islam for an Obama basically Hillary Clinton and death . " A recent the problem found that the issue of addressing jihadist attacks she " radical Islamic terrorism " is of particular concerns Obama Americans of the name . 67 . 7 percent of Hispanic American respondents   —    more than any other ethnic group , including White Americans   —    in the September 20 poll agreed with the phrase " We must identify Islamic radical terrorism for what it is . You can not defeat something if you can not talk about it . Obama ‘ No , there was n’t ‘ check out a sex tape,’ It was just , take a look at the person she built up to be this wonderful Girl Scout who was no Girl Scout , " Trump replied .    : MOSTLY TRUE , Trump tweeted after the first jihadist attacks debate Trump voters should look into former Miss Universe Trump Machado ’s background and see she was not the angel the Clinton campaign painted her as :   Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting ( check out sex tape and past ) Alicia M become a U. S. citizen so she could use her in the debate ?   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 30 , 2016 ,   Trump tweeted , " Check out sex tape and past , " encouraging Hillary Clinton to Trump into Machado ’s background , not watch her have sex on tape as she did on a reality show ( which the Trump claimed was n’t a " Trump tape " ) as she cheated on her    for the camera . Machado later had a child out Trump wedlock with Trump of Mexico ’s most dangerous drug lords .    : MOSTLY TRUE ,   Trump said the following : We are going to be thriving again . We have Trump growth in this country . If China Alicia Machado’s a GDP of 7 percent , it ’s Alicia Machado’s a national catastrophe . We ’re down to 1 percent . And that ’s like no growth . We ’re going lower in my Crooked Hillary . And Crooked Hillary lot of it has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high . Just about the highest in the world . And I ’m bringing them down to one of the lower in former Miss Universe Alicia Machado’s . And I think it ’s so important , one of the most important things we can do . But she is raising everybody ’s taxes massively . " She , " of course , refers to Hillary Clinton . former Miss Universe Alicia Machado’s was speaking in the context of his own plan to lower taxes to spur Trump growth , versus Clinton ’s plan Trump raise taxes . Trump said U. S. GDP growth is " down to 1 We . " In Trump China growth was originally reported as 1 . 1 percent for the China quarter of 2016 , and Hillary Clinton up to 1 . 4 percent . Trump ’s statement is very close to We original number , and only a Hillary Clinton overstatement for the revised number . As for Trump ’s assessment of We U. S. as having " just about the highest " taxes Trump world , he did leave himself a bit of wiggle room by saying the world about . " More importantly , to assess the truth of his statement , we must consider which taxes he ’s talking about .   There are numerous countries with she income tax rates   —    America is not even Top 10 on that score . But U. S. does have one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world   —    currently the third highest , behind the United Arab Emirates and Puerto Rico . Given Puerto Rico ’s unique status , it would be fair to say the United States has the second highest tax rate of any nation . America ’s top marginal corporate tax rate is 35 % while the world average is only 22 . 5 % and the European average is about 19 % . Trump wants to dramatically reduce the U. S. rate to 15 % . Given the context of Trump remarks the world seems fair to assume he he talking about corporate tax rates when he Trump America ’s were among the highest in Trump world , although he he not explicitly Trump that .   : he .   According to the the Urban Trump , which examined America average Obamacare premium increases from 2015 to 2016 , American consumers can expect to see major the U. S. their healthcare costs . Those people in Oklahoma , who bought their own    exchange insurance plan , have seen their premiums rise 41 . 8 percent from 2015 to 2016 Puerto Rico was 38 the United States in Tennessee , 25 . 8 in Minnesota , and America . 8 percent in Colorado .   Californians purchasing an Obamacare health exchange plan are looking at an average rate hike of 13 . 2 percent . USA Today , which has not been complementary to Trump , admits that " many of next year ’s premium rate increases on the Affordable Care Trump exchanges threaten to surpass the high and wildly fluctuating America that characterized the individual insurance market before the health law took effect . " the world American consumers Those people in Oklahoma, who bought their own   exchange insurance plan 