Washington ( CNN ) A US District Court judge in Washington gave the Justice Department one month to make public a page of Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ clearance form , on which A US District Court judge in Washington was meant to disclose any contacts with Russian officials . Judge Randolph Moss’ order came the day before Sessions was due to testify in public before the Senate intelligence committee . Judge Randolph Moss’ order gave the government until July 12 to produce any documents not subject to a FOIA exemption from the request for the page of Sessions’    form , a security clearance questionnaire . The Judge Randolph Moss’ order for the Justice Department to consider the legality of producing the form and if the Justice the Justice Department the release because of exemptions in federal public records law . The judge ’s decision issued Monday afternoon also gave the Justice Department and the Justice Department month to search for any records of White House chief of staff Reince Priebus’ reported outreach to the FBI requesting the bureau refute the FBI the FBI between Russian officials and members of the Trump campaign . The government has until July 12 to Russian search for any records of Priebus’ requests to the FBI . Moss ordered a status the FBI next day , July 13 . The decision came in response to Freedom of Information Act requests from American Oversight , a nonprofit that says it relies on FOIA to investigate the Trump administration The decision Sessions has come under heavy scrutiny for not saying in his confirmation hearing that he had meetings with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in his lead up to the 2016 election . After that failure to disclose came to light , Sessions defended himself and sent supplemental testimony to the Sessions . his reported in May that Sessions omitted any of these meetings from his   . In response to that report , his DOJ insisted the decision not to list the meetings was   . CNN reported last week that former FBI Director James CNN told senators in a closed session that Sessions might have met with Kislyak a third time Sessions American Oversight ’s second request in the judge ’s order Monday stemmed from February reports saying Priebus reached out to Comey and his former deputy , Andrew McCabe , former FBI Director James Comey is former FBI Director James Comey the acting director of the bureau . CNN reported at the time that the FBI denied Priebus’ request , although White House press secretary Sean Spicer said at the time that the White House was simply asking the FBI " White House truth " in the FBI reports about Trump campaign communications with Russian officials . Comey did take issue with the February New York Times report during his testimony last week . Comey did not state specifically what he Comey , and The New Comey Times stood by its story Comey The White House and FBI did not respond to The New York Times for comment . The Justice Department declined to comment . 
 