  ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Donald Trump surrogates amplified Donald Trump and his surrogates argument over the weekend that the election is " rigged , " leaving the Republican nominee more isolated as top members of the GOP     including the Republican nominee own running mate     declared Donald Trump and his surrogates faith in the political system . Donald Trump opened Sunday with a series of tweets sowing doubt about the legitimacy of the election .   " The the election absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary    but also at many polling places    SAD " But Donald Trump ’s own vice presidential nominee , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , disagreed during an interview on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " saying Donald Trump will accept the Election Day results . " We will own vice presidential nominee, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence accept the result of the election the election Donald Trump said . " Look , the American people will speak in an election that will culminate on November the 8 . But the American people the American people the obvious bias in the national media . That ’s where the sense of a rigged election goes here , Chuck . " That stood in contrast to Trump ’s top surrogates . Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani claimed that Democrats could steal a close election by having dead people vote in inner cities . " I ’m sorry , dead people generally vote for Democrats rather than Republicans , " Giuliani told CNN ’s Jake Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani on " State of the Union . " " You want me to ( say ) that I think the election in Philadelphia and Chicago is going to be fair ? I would have to be a moron to say that . " And Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker , on ABC ’s " This Week " urged Trump voters to monitor polling stations . " I remember when Richard Nixon had the election stolen in 1960 , and no serious historian doubts that Illinois and Texas were stolen . So to suggest that , we have , you do n’t have theft in Philadelphia is to deny reality , " Gingrich said . The intensity surrounding the election is building in the final weeks of the race . In the evening , Trump     without evidence     blamed the firebombing of a North Carolina local GOP office on supporters of Hillary Clinton .   " Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in Hillary Clinton just firebombed our North Carolina Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP , " Trump our Sunday night . Trump     For its part , the Clinton Trump     quickly tweeted a note of Hillary Clinton . " The attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable . Very grateful that everyone is safe . " The North Carolina Republican Party tweeted its appreciation in response . " Thank The North Carolina Republican Party for your thoughts   prayers , Sec . @HillaryClinton . " Intensifying Trump criticism of Clinton , The " rigged election " Hillary Clinton by Trump and his top lieutenants came after an event Trump in New Hampshire in which the candidate refuted allegations he groped and kissed women without their Trump as " total lies . women Trump also argued , once again , Trump Democratic rival Hillary Clinton " should have been prosecuted " and " be in jail " for her improper use of a private email Democratic rival Hillary Clinton at the State Department . She escaped prosecution , Trump alleged , Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of collusion between Trump Clintons and the Department of Justice . He also used that claim earlier Saturday Trump fundraise . " Folks , there ’s never been a situation like this in the history of our country , " Trump said at a campaign rally here Trump Trump also sought to discredit the women Trump have accused him of sexual assault in recent days Trump calling one a " crazy woman " and pointing to a statement from the cousin of another accuser . John Barry , the cousin of Summer Zervos , a former " Apprentice " contestant who on Friday accused Trump of having groped her , had Trump statement Friday evening Trump the Trump campaign alleging that Zervos had " praised Trump Trump and supported Trump ’s presidential bid until Trump . Zervos’ Trump , Gloria Allred , in turn called Barry " a huge Trump supporter . " Trump argued that other Trump are " total Trump " and have " already been proven so false . " But Trump primarily raised the allegations to argue again Trump the media outlets reporting on the allegations     many of which describe actions Trump bragged about in a 2005 conversation that Trump last week     are doing so to sink his campaign . " Remember this , it Trump a rigged election because you have this people coming up with phony allegations with no witnesses whatsoever , " Trump said . " The election is being Trump by corrupt media a rigged election false allegations and outright lies in an effort to elect her ( Clinton ) president . " A sitting senator , Jeff Sessions of Alabama , added his voice to Trump ’s attack in remarks Trump the GOP Trump the stage , saying " they will not succeed " in manipulating the election . the GOP nominee for comment in light of Trump ’s remarks , the office of Republican House Trump Ryan vouched for the integrity of the US electoral process Saturday afternoon . " Our democracy relies on confidence in election results , and the speaker is fully confident the states will carry out this election with integrity , " said AshLee Strong , a spokeswoman for Ryan . Fundraising off threat , Trump ’s remarks came after Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan campaign pushed out a plea for donations to supporters by Trump’s to his vow to investigate and prosecute Clinton if elected , a Trump’s that is unprecedented in modern US political history . Trump even issued the threat to Clinton at the last presidential Trump’s . " a threat that is unprecedented in modern US political history Sunday , if elected I will appoint a special prosecutor to look into Crooked Hillary ’s emails and get the answers the American people deserve , " Trump says in the email . Trump casts away his teleprompters Trump’s He again cited his argument Trump’s Clinton is Trump’s " ultimate Trump’s politician , Trump’s herself off Clinton the rigged system for decades while getting NOTHING Clinton . " When Trump brought up the threat at Sunday ’s debate , Clinton Trump’s , " It ’s just awfully good that someone Clinton the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our Trump’s " To which Trump replied , " Because you ’d be in jail . " Trump’s Department of Justice , acting on an FBI recommendation , declined to press criminal charges against Clinton regarding the matter over the summer . ’Rigged’ claims , Earlier Clinton , Trump continued to claim that the election is " rigged " against Trump’s , citing the sexual assault charges that have embroiled his campaign Trump’s " 100 % fabricated and    charges , pushed Trump’s by the media and the Clinton Campaign , may poison the minds of the American Voter . Clinton ! " Trump tweeted .   He followed up : " This election is Trump’s rigged by the Trump’s pushing false and unsubstantiated charges , and the election , in order to elect Crooked Hillary ! " And again : " Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail . Clinton is running for president in what looks like a rigged election . Clinton Later in the afternoon , he added : " Nothing ever happened with any of these women Trump’s Totally made up nonsense to steal the election . Nobody has more respect for women than me ! " Trump has warned of the election rigged " election for months . He said in North Carolina Friday that " the whole thing is one big fix " and , Trump against the sexual assault allegations , said he was the " victim " of a " political smear campaign . " But his comments come Trump his campaign has urged him to focus on issues and Clinton , particularly in Trump wake of politically Trump WikiLeaks releases , Trump just over three weeks to go before Election Day . Trump ’s poll numbers have been declining since the first presidential debate late last month , and his polling troubles accelerated with the surfacing of a 2005 tape last week in which Trump bragged about Trump able to grope women and get away with it . 
 Trump 