’   ’ ’    White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday slammed reports    about President Donald Trump reorganizing the National Security    Council . ’ " White House press secretary Sean Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer Trump President Donald Trump reorganizing the National Security   Council to sign a   that removed the nation ’s top    military and intelligence advisers as regular attendees of the    NSC ’s principals committee , the interagency forum that deals with    policy issues affecting national security . " ’    The executive measure established Trump’ ’s chief strategist , Steve    Bannon , as a regular attendee , whereas the chairman of the Joint    Chiefs of Staff and the director of national intelligence would    be encouraged to participate only " where issues pertaining to    their    national intelligence expertise are to be discussed . " ’ ’    Spicer insisted that Gen. Joe Dunford , the chairman of the Joint the Joint   Chiefs of Staff the director of national Staff would    the director of national intelligence committee meetings . ’ ’    " There’ ’s been a lot of misreporting this week about what this    memo does and does not do , so let me walk you through this real    quick , " Spicer said . ’ ’’ ’    " The principals committee is merely the NSC minus the president , "    Spicer said . " The idea that the chairman of Spicer Spicer of    Staff and the DNI are being downgraded or removed is utter    nonsense . ’ ’    " They are at every    meeting and are welcome to attend the    principals meetings as the NSC . To be clear , the memo lays out that    if there’ ’s a principals meeting that is outside their scope   —    for    example , a domestic issue that doesn’’t pertain to the military   —      they’’re not required but certainly welcome to be in attendance .    We recognize that certain homeland security issues may not be    military issues , and it would not be in the best interest of the    Joint Chiefs ’’ valuable time to be at these meetings . " ’ "    The White House press secretary compared Trump ’s recent memo with    those from 2001 and 2009 . " ’    " The makeup of the principals committee from 2017 is exactly as    it was " in 2001 , Spicer said . ’ ’    " The president holds Chairman Dunford in the highest regard , "    Spicer continued . " The suggestion that he would downgrade the Spicer Spicer that the chairman plays in matters Spicer national    security reveals a fundamental misunderstanding of the tremendous    respect that the president holds for both the chairman himself    and the Joint Chiefs The president whole . " ’ ’    Spicer also took on President Barack Obama’ ’s national security    adviser , Spicer Rice , who : " Chairman of Joint Chiefs and DNI treated as after    thoughts in Cabinet level principals meetings . And where is CIA ? ?    Cut out of everything ? " ’ ’    Spicer said : " I know someone tweeted out , ’’ Where was Spicer CIA in    this ? ’’ The CIA hasn’’t been part of the CIA the DNI was    sworn in CIA CIA time in 2005 . " ’ "    He held up a printout of Rice ’s tweet . " ’    " I’’d like to remind the former national security adviser that    when the memo was drafted in 2009 , I don’’t see the Obama    administration including the CIA in theirs , " Spicer said . He also    announced that Trump would add the CIA the CIA to the NSC . ’ Spicer    the CIA 