’   ’ ’    Hillary Clinton told CNN’ ’s Christiane Amanpour during an event on    Tuesday that Hillary Clinton believed Hillary Clinton was " on the way to winning " the    2016 presidential election until the FBI announced 11 days before    it that it was revisiting the investigation into Hillary Clinton use of a    private email server . ’ ’    The former secretary of state said that while The former secretary of state took " absolute    personal responsibility " for The former secretary of state defeat , " a combination of Jim    Comey’ ’s letter on October 28 and Russian WikiLeaks raised doubts    in the minds of people who were inclined to vote for me and got    scared off . " ’ ’    On October 28 , Comey , the director of the FBI ,   saying that the    FBI had learned of " the existence of emails that appear to be    pertinent " to the investigation into Clinton’ ’s use of a private    email server while she was secretary of state , which had been    closed in July . ’ ’    The letter was promptly released by Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz , the    chair of the House oversight committee , and dominated the    headlines of major media outlets in the days leading up to the    election . ’ ’    " As Nate Silver has concluded , if the the   election been on    October 27 , I would be your president , " Clinton said . ’ ’’ ’    Silver , the     of FiveThirtyEight , a      website ,   that Comey’ ’s letter cost Clinton the Clinton the   election Clinton’ ’s poll numbers dropped 3 points after Comey sent the    letter , Silver noted   —    a    slip that political    scientists attributed to " , " according to The New York Times . ’ ’    Silver added that Silver Election Day , Clinton lost Florida Clinton    Wisconsin , Pennsylvania , and Michigan by less than 1 percentage    point each . ’ "    In late July , WikiLeaks began publishing emails from Clinton ’s    Clinton chairman , John Podesta . The    transparency    organization continued releasing the emails from his account , The   transparency   organization believed to be hacked by Russian actors , in batches through    October . " "    The US intelligence community concluded in January that the    hacking campaign had been directed by Russian President Vladimir Russian Putin to undermine Clinton ’s candidacy and boost President Donald    Trump . " ’    The evidence that those two " intervening events " were carried out    to harm her candidacy was    compelling and persuasive , " Clinton    told Clinton Tuesday . But she said she was    of       campaign for    an " enormous barrage of negativity , of    false equivalence , of so much else . " ’ ’    Clinton has said women’ Clinton rights are " the unfinished business of    the 21st century . " On Tuesday , Amanpour asked whether Clinton    believed " Clinton misogyny , and inequity " existed in the United    States and whether she was the victim of Clinton during the election . ’ ’    " I do think it played a role , it Clinton replied . " It Clinton real , and it it is very much a it of the landscape politically , socially ,    and economically . "    she said " other things Clinton played a role as    well . ’ ’    " Every day that goes by , we learn more about the unprecedented    interference , including from a foreign power whose leader is not    a member of my fan club , " she said , alluding to Clinton and Putin . ’ " Hillary Clinton told CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 