’CNN debate moderator Jake Tapper confronted Republican frontrunner Donald Trump on Thursday over an incident at a rally this week in which a man .’ ’Tapper asked Republican frontrunner Donald Trump if the tone of ’Tapper campaign incites violent behavior at ’Tapper rallies , and Republican frontrunner Donald Trump defended Republican frontrunner Donald Trump rhetoric.’ ’"People come with tremendous passion and love for country , " Trump said.’ ’"And when they see protests   —    in some cases   —    you’’re mentioning one case , which I haven’’t seen . I heard about it , which I don’’t like . But when they see what’ ’s going on in country , they they anger that’ ’s unbelievable . They they anger . They they this country " he continued.’ ’Still , Trump distanced himself from Trump man , who was charged with assault and battery Thursday , and condemned the alleged incident.’ ’"I certainly do not condone that all Jake , " Trump said.’ ’Tapper then confronted Trump with Trump laundry list of past quotes that Tapper suggested encouraged violence at his rallies.’ Tapper February 23 , Tapper noted Tapper Trump said Trump a protester : " I’’d like to punch him in Trump face . " ’ ’"February 27 : ’’ In the good ol ’’ days , they’’d have ripped him out they’’d that seat so fast . ’’ February 1 : ’’ Knock the crap out of him , they’’d you ? Seriously , OK just knock the hell   —    I promise you I will pay for the legal fees . I promise , I promise , ’’ " Tapper continued Tapper quoting Trump’ ’s past statements . ’ ’Trump insisted he had ’ ’Trump bad dudes " at some of his rallies ’ ’Trump and that it’ ’s " usually " the police and event staff , not his personal ’ ’Trump , who clash with protesters at his event.’ ’ ’Trump have some protesters who are bad dudes , " Trump said . " They have some protesters who are bad dudes bad things . They are some protesters who are bad dudes , they are some protesters who are bad dudes dangerous , and they get some protesters who are bad dudes there , they start some protesters who are bad dudes people . " ’ ’"We should give our police   —    they’’re incredible people   —    we should our them a our police   deal more respect than they receive our police   " Trump added.’ ’Multiple videos posted online showed the alleged perpetrator of the Wednesday incident apparently throwing a punch at Rakeem Jones , identified   as Jones was being escorted out of the Crown Coliseum in Fayetteville , North Carolina.’ ’After Jones was hit , he was North Carolina.’ ’After Jones to the ground by    officials who were escorting him out North Carolina.’ ’After Jones the event.’ " The incident the Wednesday incident apparently throwing a punch at Rakeem Jones latest instance of Trump ’s events featuring episodes of violence . " ’Most recently , a Time magazine photographer was thrown to the ground by the ground Service agent in what the publication called a " chokehold . " And this week ,   that Trump campaign manager Corey Trump’s grabbed her by the arm and yanked her down as she her trying to her Trump a question after Trump’s    press conference on Tuesday . ’ ’Allan Smith and Colin Campbell contributed to this report.’ ’CNN debate moderator Jake Tapper confronted . .. ’ 
 