Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " while discussing the recent protests and violence at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s rallies Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sander ( ) said while protesters at the canceled Chicago event on Friday had Sanders signs , Sanders campaign had nothing to do with the protests .   Partial transcript as follows : TAPPER : So Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Saturday that some of the people who disrupted his Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in Chicago Chicago quote , ‘ ‘ Bernie , our communist friend.’ You just heard him Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump that . And then this morning he Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump something of a warning to you on Twitter . He Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ‘ Bernie Sanders is lying when he Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump his Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump are n’t told to go to my events . Be careful Bernie Bernie Sanders more my supports will go to yours.’ What ’s your response , sir ? SANDERS Bernie Sanders Well , for a start , Mr. Trump should be   —    we should take Mr. Trump ’s words with a grain of salt because I think as almost every knows , this Mr. Trump not stop lying about anything . To call me a communist is a lie . To talk about our organization or our campaign our his meeting Mr. Trump a lie . Were there some people there   —    there were thousands of people as I understand it . Some of them were thousands of people of mine but certainly absolutely we had our to do   —    our campaign our nothing to do with disrupting his meeting his meeting think what you see , Jake , is a man   —    and even his Republican colleagues Jake this point , his language , Jake intonations , Jake —    when he talks about Jake people   out on stretchers , when you see at his rallies people Jake punch folks , kick them when they his rallies people down his rallies people This is a man who keeps implying violence and you end up getting what you see . So I think that he , in Jake , has got to tell his supporters that Jake the United States of America , you do n’t go beating up people , that people have a right to peacefully protest . I hope that become the tone of his campaign . Jake I will also say this , I think Trump is getting nervous because he is seeing Trump virtually every national poll , last NBC poll we were 18 points ahead of him , statewide Trump we are way we of him . People Trump America know that we can not we a president like Trump who insults Trump , who insults women , who insults Muslims , who insults veterans in John McCain . People are catching on to Donald Trump . Trump why he ’s getting reckless Trump Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 