’’ " Three years ago , Donald Trump took to Twitter to express Donald Trump dismay with the national Republican Party ’s   . " ’"New @RNC report calls for embracing ’’ comprehensive immigration reform , ’’ " Donald Trump   referring to the Republican National Committee.’ ’"Does the @RNC have a death wish ? " the @RNC asked.’ ’Three years ago , those were the random thoughts of a politically inclined billionaire.’ ’Three years later , those thoughts   —    and that man   —    have become the first product of a reckoning that many critics now believe has gone awry.’ ’On March 18 , 2013 , the RNC released the    —    which many Republican leaders and members of the media took to calling   the RNC had commissioned it the RNC GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney flopped in the 2012 election.’ " The people most involved in that report now say they The people most involved in that report pleased with how many of the recommendations have been implemented in the first    cycle since . " " Henry Barbour , one of the that report coauthors and a RNC the RNC , praised how the report that report have been implemented to successes on the state and local levels and to progress on the digital side . " " But there ’s a catch   —    and a big one   —    in Trump as the party ’s potential   . Many in the party worry the party’s ’s effect Trump of the areas where the most drastic changes were urged . Others say Trump ’s rise has Trump of Republican outreach to groups that normally have n’t supported the party in the past . the party’s ’s like having Hannibal Lecter chair a commission to prevent cannibalism , " said Rick Wilson , a veteran Republican strategist and a prominent Trump critic.’ ’The 2013 report broadly addressed how the GOP had failed on virtually every level in the presidential election   —    from its digital and data operations to its GOP process to its message on GOP issues.’ ’It was GOP staggering bit of    for a major political party suffering from its    defeat in a presidential election a major political party worrying about its relevance going forward.’ ’The report was its    , based on more than 2 , 500 interviews with voters ,    officials , and party members and elected officials , as well as a poll of 2 , 000 Republican Hispanic voters and an online survey taken by more than 36 , 000 people.’ ’With the party at an apparent crossroads , The Republican Party action . The Republican Party its    it said , had become " out of The Republican Party " and filled with " stuffy old men . " It was " talking to itself " rather than reaching out to new It . The perception was , simply , that it did not " care about people . The perception ’ ’’ " But in the first election cycle since the report ’s release , the question has become : Are the record turnouts Trump is helping to drive in primary contests a potential boon ? Or is the divisiveness he is helping to sew dooming the party Trump another death   —    and , perhaps , a lasting split ? " ’"You can influence how people vote . You can win over people who used to be against you . You can make inroads into the other team . But demography   —    the changing face of America   —    is very important to understand , " said Ari Fleischer , the former White House press secretary under President George W. Bush , in a recent interview.’ " Fleischer was one of the report ’s five coauthors . " ’He continued:’ ’One recommendation of the report in particular dogs Republicans with a devastating contrast between what the party desired to become and the reality The Republican Party ’It appeared on the eighth page of the report . The Republican Party , it the report " must embrace and champion    reform The Republican Party " This came off an election in which the party’ ’s nominee had , in the primary , advocated the practice of " " which followed Romney until Election Day . He lost the Hispanic vote , 73 % to 27 Romney according to exit polls.’ ’The report warned that if the party did not back immigration reform , its appeal to minority groups would continue to shrink , the party among Hispanic voters.’ ’’ ’And yet , three years down the road , the only two Republican candidates with a legitimate current shot at the nomination   —    Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas   —    have only gone further than Romney in criticizing    bills.’ ’Trump , in particular , identified the issue long before his run , as evidenced by his 2013    posting Romney He made illegal immigration the Romney of his early campaign Romney and advocated , among other things Romney building a massive wall along the    border and creating a " deportation force " to deport the approximately 11 million immigrants living in the country illegally.’ ’"I find it a worrisome development that immigration reform has not been passed , " Fleischer said . " It remains a fundamental issue . It needs to be it . " ’ ’He said it was nevertheless encouraged that Republican candidates were talking about ’ ’He versions of the    concept , but added : " The idea of deporting everybody in this country is very problematic . " ’ ’In many ways , Trump rejected the report from the very first day of his campaign last summer.’ ’In   Trump infamously remarked that Trump was sending its " rapists Trump and other criminals across the border Trump His campaign has been marked by controversy after controversy , his campaign proposal to   from entering the US to the Trump escalation of .’ " Trump argues , however , that he has already expanded Trump reach of the party . Trump far , the evidence supports his theory . Exit polls have shown that he has Trump perhaps the    —    one that Trump across all of the party ’s ideological and demographic boundaries . " ’"I think the party he’ ’s bringing together is what we’’ve felt   —    when we were discussing the report   —    that we need to win at the national level , " said Glenn we , a vice chair of the 2016 Republican National Convention and another of the coauthors of the " autopsy report . " ’ ’’ ’"I didn’’t know if his heart was in it " when he launched his campaign , McCall added of Trump his heart " But his he his the process his you looked at those rallies he would his , it was people from all walks of life his So I think the process ’s been positive . " ’ ’Fleischer also thinks it’ ’s possible for a candidate like Trump to " uniquely change the math " of turnout calculations . Trump could be in a rare position to draw in new , Trump white voters to his candidacy , in the form of    voters and    independents Trump even Democrats.’ ’Still , many party leaders worry about    that coalition can succeed in a general election in which , as Fleischer noted , the demographics are rapidly changing . A   showed Trump as the least popular candidate among Hispanic voters , with a dismal 77 % unfavorable rating . No other candidate came close.’ ’"Let’ ’s say Donald Trump’ ’s the nominee , and Donald Trump loses because he’ ’s not able to grow the coalition Trump and    and he didn’’t get enough of the white vote , " Fleischer mused . he’ Well , that will prove that this report was accurate because of the changing demographics of America . " ’ ’But if his campaign has been any indication , Trump has never thought much about the report . In a   the Trump after his earlier 2013 posting this report expanded upon his criticism of the " Trump report . " It Trump much of Trump frequent shredding of this report throughout the campaign.’ ’Trump wrote Trump " @RNC report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election . Short on ideas . Just giving excuses to donors . " ’ ’Three years ago , Donald Trump took to Twitter . .. ’ 
 