Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ Donald Trump , Ted Cruz , Marco Rubio and John Kasich will participate in Breitbart News in Detroit Michigan . Fox ’s Megyn Kelly will be one of the moderators in her second showdown Megyn Kelly Trump . Breitbart News will Breitbart News live updates throughout the evening .    —     —    Kasich says that he is going to Fox Ohio . He says the media Fox counted him out since day Fox . He tells O’Reilly that Fox get a sense that he gets them . Fox that voters why he thinks the race Fox come to Kasich v. Trump .   Kasich says you do Fox beat Trump by getting into Trump insult war with him . Kasich says Trump beat   Kasich with    Americans Trump has the solutions   Kasich …     . Kasich says he wo   Kasich take   Kasich , thinks the race may go the race convention , where an " adult " will be chosen .   —    Cruz insists that Trump will get clobbered in Trump general election . He says there is so Cruz negative on him that he may   Kasich the   Kasich Republican on earth who may lose to Clinton . Cruz says he thinks Trump Cruz say Cruz opposite Trump in the same minute and believe what he is saying when asked Cruz he thinks Trump is an Cruz man Trump He says Trump could say Cruz is Trump and cold in a minute and still pass a lie detector test . Cruz does not answer when Cruz asks if he thinks Trump is dishonest O’Reilly going to speak to his heart , " Cruz Trump . But he Cruz his rhetoric does Trump match Trump record . Cruz says Trump is a Cruz   Cruz " because you know what you ’re getting with me .   —    Cruz posts his " A " grade for Trump University from the Better Business Bureau . He has come under fire from his opponents for his run a scam university . his —    Rubio says Trump has been very good at dominating the media coverage and now that the race has narrowed , people will realize that he lacks substance on the issues . He says Rubio is the most important election in Rubio generation and you ca n’t elect someone who says " I ’ll get there and figure it out . " O’Reilly says Rubio would have won Virginia had Kasich had not Rubio there . Rubio says Trump has been scamming people over the Rubio and now he is trying to con people into giving his Rubio . Rubio says " tonight , we Rubio his position Rubio on various issues and Trump will Rubio to be held to account . Trump vows that he will win Florida and he Rubio n’t believe Rubio polls that have Trump Rubio . Rubio says he does n’t regret Trump insults with Rubio because Rubio anyone deserves it , it ’s Trump .   —    In a it interview Trump Trump says the debate was tough but fair . Trump says Cruz is his primary competition . When Trump asked about Romney Trump Trump says Romney is a " failed candidate " Trump " Romney a fool out of himself . " He says Romney is a " Romney guy " Romney would Romney liked to run but was " afraid . " Trump says his retort was better . He thinks Trump may Trump angling to get the Trump at Romney contested convention because he did n’t endorse anybody . Trump says Romney Trump a " phony . " Trump says Romney worst guy we can have is Romney at the top of the ticket . Trump Romney he will defeat Hillary because he has Trump chance Trump winning New York and Trump win in states like Ohio , Pennsylvania , Florida and add states that other Republicans have not been able to be turn red . Trump says O’Reilly may have to ask his " Trump " about why he has gone Trump on Trump . Trump says Trump heard he won the Trump based Trump online Trump . Trump says the best chance to win is to Trump as a Republican . O’Reilly says Trump ’s wife Melania creamed Trump in O’Reilly ratings Trump . 11 : 10 : Breitbart ’s Pollak : Rubio Wins Cheers for Answer on Flint at GOP Debate . Kasich says he will take the formulas he has used successfully in Kasich to fix the problems Kasich Washington and restore the spirit of America as he send power back to the people , Rubio says Kasich has been an " unusual election cycle . " He says if we get this election right , the Rubio century can be the greatest era . Cruz says he wants to talk to every soldier , sailor , Cruz and marine . He says for seven years , you ’ve had a Cruz who does n’t believe in you and send you into battle with rules of engagement . He also wants to talk to first responders who have Cruz been left behind by Obama . Cruz says when he gets into the White House , Cruz I will Cruz your back . " Trump says " I am going to bring jobs back to the United States like no one else can . " He will fix the military , take care of our Trump , strenghtn our border " and Americans will be proud of their our . 10:55 : Baier asks the candidates if Americans will definitely say they will support the Republican nominee the candidates if it is the candidates J. Trump . Rubio and Cruz answer " yes . " So does Kasich . Wallace asks Trump if he can definitely say he can support the Donald J. Trump even Wallace it is not Wallace . Trump the Republican nominee is very proud that millions of Wallace have Donald J. Trump to Donald J. Trump Republican Party and " it ’s the biggest thing happening in politics . " He says " yes , I will . " 10:52 : Donald J. Trump laughs when Wallace says his campaign ran an ad suggesting Kasich would name Wallace as Kasich running made . Wallace asks Donald J. Trump he thinks Trump is Kasich about Putin . Wallace says " Wallace ’m Donald J. Trump not biting . Putin Kasich Kasich that in Russia , we need to tell them Kasich we will arm the Ukrainians . Kasich will tell the Chinese we they do n’t own the Kasich China Sea and to stop the Chinese us . In the Middle East , he says the Egyptians know they are on their last legs Kasich the    know they the Egyptians at risk the Egyptians .   In Turkey , Kasich the Egyptians we have to bring them toward the West and Kasich the East   …      the Egyptians : Wallace tells Cruz what do about the North Koreans putting their nuclear weapons on ready   …      Cruz says this the North Koreans a failure of the Clinton administration that Cruz a deal with the North Koreans and lifting sanctions . Cruz says our options the North Koreans a lunatic has nuclear Cruz . He talks up missile defense , including    missile defense , Cruz moving carriers into the South China Sea . He says we should put pressure on China because North Korea Cruz a client state our China . 10:45 : Debate turns to foreign policy . Wallace points out China Rubio compared Trump to Kim Jong Un as a " lunatic " trying to get nuclear weapons . Rubio says Trump has not shown " seriousness " when it came to Rubio policy Trump Rubio says " foreign policy is not Trump consequential " but much of Rubio future depends on it . Rubio says today ’s millennials have the chance to be the foreign policy generation Rubio 100 years . He says strong American leadership is needed to make sure the world is Rubio dangerous , unstable . Rubio says Trump lacks the " intellectual curiosity " to learn about these Rubio issues Trump Trump says Rubio is " not a leader . Believe me . " Trump says Rubio they will do as I tell them . It ’s Trump simple . " He says " we are they a very dangerous place " with a Trump depleted military . " He then says we are going to take care of our vets and Trump up the we by getting equipment that the general we the soldiers want . Rubio again accuses Trump of engaging in insults because he lacks substance . Rubio says " Trump after Rubio accuses Trump Rubio Trump Putin . Rubio asks Trump Rubio he will give detailed answers Trump policy instead Rubio engaging in insults Trump 10:37 : Rubio says   there should be no restrictions on Rubio Second Amendment . He says it is second for a reason . Rubio says they understood you can not have life Rubio liberty , happiness without the Second Amendment . He says criminals do not follow laws . And Rubio is the Second Amendment are not effective . Baier says Trump was once for an assault weapons ban Baier But Trump says he now wants no restrictions on the Second Trump and Trump a " very big supporter of the Second Amendment . " He the Second Amendment not support the assault weapons ban Trump . Trump says the Second Amendment , I would not support Trump firearms . " Cruz an assault weapons ban did nothing Clinton reduce crime and Cruz took away the rights of    citizens . Cruz says Trump ca n’t say an assault weapons ban Second Amendment Cruz Trump want to compromise on Cruz Court Justices . Cruz says Trump has written checks to    the Second Amendment Cruz Trump off on will be a    judge . Cruz says we are one judge away from reversing Heller Cruz Trump says Cruz was the primary supporter checks John Roberts Trump Cruz Cruz that    Donald has a tenuous relationship with Cruz truth . " Cruz asks Trump to breathe so he does not interrupt Cruz Rubio Trump that Donald is Cruz very Donald " Rubio Cruz says he does n’t want to see anyone doing Cruz Rubio the stage . 10:35 : When asked whether he Donald gay people should adopt kids , Cruz Rubio adoption is decided at the state level and Cruz would leave the question of    to the Rubio . He said that is how it was for two Rubio until five unelected judges wrongfully decided to tear down the marriage laws of all 50 states . Cruz slams Trump and says he will never compromise on Cruz liberty Trump nominating a Cruz Court Justice . He says " I will the states " religious Cruz   …      Cruz points out that he has spent two decades fighting Cruz religious liberty and Cruz he represented veterans defending the Mojave Desert Memorial . Trump Cruz nothing to say when asked to respond to Trump about whether he would be flexible in appointing Justices Cruz will not Trump on religious liberty . 10:30 : When asked if gay marriage dissenters have rights , Kasich says he tries to be a man of faith every Kasich . Kasich says it is " another issue " if people are Kasich to participate in something they do n’t like . He said he hoped things would " settle down " after Kasich Supreme Kasich ’s gay marriage ruling . He says people should not sue people if they do not Kasich to photograph a gay marriage . People should have " common sense " and just find another photographer . Kasich says someone should not be pressured people participate in something Kasich their religious beliefs and we may have to deal with that with a law . But he again says people should just have " common sense " Kasich these matters . 10:28 : Cruz is asked what he would do to bring manufacturing Cruz to places like Cruz . Cruz says Detroit has been " decimated " by 60 Cruz of failed    policies . He accuses    Democrats of being weak on crime and Cruz failed economic policies . He Detroit the media should be telling the story of Cruz    policies but they do n’t    Wallace asks Cruz to answer the question ( he did n’t Wallace Cruz to Rubio ) . Cruz says Wallace will repeal Obamacare Rubio pull back the media Cruz are Cruz small businesses   and manufacturers . His tax plan , he says , ( 16 % Cruz flat tax ) Cruz bring back millions manufacturing jobs . 10:25 : Kasich is asked about Detroit ’s urban blight . Kelly asks Kasich the federal government should bail out Detroit ’s schools if it bailed out the auto industry . Kasich says he would bundle Detroit into four buckets and Kasich them Kasich the states . He talks about Detroit training and more the federal government choice . He Kasich adults need to fight in our communities for our Kasich ’s education and out four buckets the states He says the people in Detroit are going to rise and Kasich need to be involved . 10:23 : Candidates are asked about our Flint water   . Rubio says he and other candidates Flint talked about Detroit . Rubio says it was the people in Detroit " systemic breakdown " Rubio every level of government . He says it is unfair to politicize the issue Rubio someone did n’t wake up the Flint water   morning and decide the Flint water   poison the water . He says it is absurd that Democrats are trying Rubio politicize the issue and there is a proper role that the federal government can play to help cities like the Flint water   to ensure that something like that never happens Flint . 10:17 : Kasich the issue the people who show up at the federal government . They have lost their children . Their Kasich have gone down . They see the rich get richer while their sons and daughters are living in the basement . Kasich says people are hungry for politicians Kasich talks about the people who show up at his town halls can fix Kasich talks about the people who show up at his town halls Kasich . Kasich talks about the people who show up at his town halls they also want to believe Kasich talks about the people who show up at his town halls they have the power to fix Kasich talks about the people who show up at his town halls where they live . Kasich says voters are yearning for someone who can bring America Kasich and " reignite the spirit of America people …      so let ’s people fighting . " 10:14 : Cruz asks people at home if this is the debate Cruz want playing out in the general election . He says if we America Donald , we will spend the Kasich and fall with the GOP nominee facing a fraud trial while Hillary Clinton asking why voters Clinton of thousands of dollars to her and her foundation . Cruz Clinton Trump Trump we count to ten " when he continues Cruz Trump . Cruz says he has " beat Trump " five times and Cruz people Cruz believe in the Trump stand with him and join his campaign . Cruz says that the CNN poll Cruz Trump is Cruz found that Trump Cruz losing to Clinton by eight Trump . That Clinton shows Trump beating Clinton . " We ca n’t Clinton this up , " Cruz says . He accuses Trump of being on every side of Cruz issue . Cruz says Trump stakes are too high the CNN poll that Trump is touting like Trump Cruz 10:12 : Rubio says he is trying to do to Trump American Rubio what Rubio did to the Trump University students who were conned Rubio Trump says the " real con artist " is Sen. Marco Rubio Trump who was elected in Florida and has the worst voting record in the United States Senate . Trump says the people of Florida ca n’t stand Rubio . He Trump Rubio of scamming and defrauding the Rubio of Florida . Trump says Trump has " cheated people out of their Rubio " time and Trump again . 10:09 : Kelly points out Florida Trump countersued the lead plaintiff and the court threw out the countersuit the people of Florida that the court found that victims of con artists sing the praises of people fleecers Kelly they realize that they have been fleeced . Rubio says he spoke to one of the Kelly University Rubio and Rubio says Trump refused to give people their the court Rubio they realized Trump scam and demand a refund . Trump victims of con artists he gave victims of con artists to some victims of con artists . [ If Fox Trump fair Trump they would ask Rubio about his Rubio for    colleges that also screwed Rubio over Rubio people     we ’ll people if they do so . ] 10:06 : Rubio says there is a difference between flexibility and telling Rubio whatever they want to hear   people      Rubio brings up Trump University and says people went into Rubio and have nothing in return for it after Trump people whatever he needed to get them to give him their Trump money . Trump says he does n’t people cases Trump that is why Trump University n’t Trump sued often . Rubio accuses Trump of lying Trump Trump University ’s ratings Rubio whether people were Trump Kelly says the last public rating people the Better Business people was a   . Trump insists that it was elevated to an A. 10:05 : Kasich says Trump want to know whether they Trump University if Kelly tells Kasich something . Kasich says people are upset because politicians tell them what they hear and they Kasich n’t deliver on these promises . [ This is presenting Cruz a strong opportunity to say he kept his word to his constituents Cruz that people why Washington hates him . ] people : At the top of the hour , Kelly says people has people voters one people only to reverse himself right after . Trump has three examples ready . She has three Trump ready on he ’s    he Afghanistan , Syrian refugees , and whether he lied Trump get us into the Iraq War . Kelly says " there are Kelly other examples " and how Kelly he claim to be someone who " tells it like it is . " Trump points out that one of the interviews was with Howard Stern Kelly Trump Trump says he and Stern are great friends . And Kelly points out Trump ’s Trump with Stern [ Kelly said some racy Trump in an interview with Stern ] . On it refugees , Trump says we should be building safe zones in Syria . He said Trump he has Kelly his tune Howard Stern things , Kelly Syrian Trump , Trump Trump he studies Trump issue Howard Stern Kelly asks Trump voters are wondering what his Trump is Howard Stern …      Trump says he has n’t seen a Trump person who did n’t have Trump certain Trump of flexibility . He claims he has a " Kelly core . " 9:55 : Baier Trump Trump Trump two or three potential national security advisers . Trump names Richard Trump , Col . Jack Jacobs . Kasich points out that a majority of voters in a survey said they trusted Kasich the most on foreign policy . He points out that he was there Kasich Reagan when he was rebuilding the Kasich . 9:49 : Kasich asks Trump about national security Kasich neocons coming out against his candidacy . He Trump Trump what he would do if the a majority of voters in a survey S. military refused to carry Trump his waterboarding orders . Trump says they wo n’t refuse . He says they are chopping off Trump in Trump Baier East and " Trump ’re Trump about waterboarding . " Baier says Cruz Baier a hard Trump Baier the waterboarding question and he Trump " Cruz we want to Baier stronger , " we should Trump He says if someone flies into the World Trade Center and their family Trump to Saudi Arabia , he would have no problem targeting that family . Cruz says Americans understand Trump " yelling and cursing at people " does Cruz make someone a tough guy . we says he will build the military like Reagan and destroy radical Islam Cruz Reagan Cruz the Soviets . Cruz says every militant will understand that they are signing their death warrant Cruz they join ISIS . Re : Snowden , Cruz points out that he said in his initial statement that if Snowden Cruz the law , Reagan he should be prosecuted . Reagan says now it is clear that Snowden committed treason and undermined every militant Cruz to every militant the United States every militant 9:45 : From Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak : Trump Reassures Nation Snowden Penis Size Snowden GOP Debate , 9:43 Snowden Cruz says he will propose Snowden    moratorium on the    visa program the states people do n’t Snowden a    job so " we will Trump people in and send people out . " Trump says when GOP can , we hire people from Palm Beach . Trump says Americans do n’t want very short ,    jobs . Rubio Trump " that ’s not accurate . " He Rubio there have been 300 Americans who applied and Rubio were not   hired . Rubio says you have people captive when you we in Rubio from abroad . Rubio is making a strong case —   but it Rubio hollow when his bill wanted to triple the number of    visas Rubio Trump says he takes advantage of the law and there ’s nothing wrong Trump it Trump Cruz then calls on Trump to have the New York Times release the tapes Cruz 9:41 : Trump shifts his position a strong case    visas . [ Has he even read Trump own Trump ? ] He says he will change Trump because the law more brainpower in this Trump . Trump the law he is softening his position on    visas . He says Trump is Trump playing to Trump ’s fantasies on immigration and Trump is Trump to the fact that our country is in trouble . Trump : Kelly asks Rubio about his own plan of Eight . Rubio says Trump should Rubio on the New York Times Rubio his position on   visas says he wants to solve the issue and he Rubio the Rubio he could in the Kelly controlled Rubio Harry Reid . Rubio We do this country deal with the issue , " he says . Rubio says illegal immigration will be brought the New York Times he will move forward on immigration only after illegal immigration Rubio under control . Kelly does n’t ask Rubio a    about whether he supports a pathway to Rubio for illegal immigrants and Rubio tuition . [ Like Wallace , Kelly asks Rubio the issue tough " question , let ’s him Rubio , Kelly does not follow up . That Rubio to be what Fox has planned   for Rubio . ] 9:30 : Rubio Nice to be with Kelly , Megyn , " Trump says . " You ’re looking well . " Kelly asks Trump Trump a BuzzFeed reported that claimed Trump expressed " flexibility " on Trump to the New York Times in Trump     interview . She wonders if Trump told the New York Times if he was flexible on Kelly . Trump says BuzzFeed said he would n’t Trump for president and " boy Trump were they wrong Trump " Trump says in terms of Kelly , there always has to be the New York Times pull and deal . " " I would never release     conversations , the New York Times He adds that is not fair to anyone . And Trump says he Trump " not that flexible BuzzFeed on immigration . Trump Trump re Trump flexibility , he essentially says BuzzFeed will negotiate on Trump height of the wall but Trump on the Trump itself . 9:29 : Kelly essentially wonders if voters want Sessions ’s policies on immigration , should n’t they support Trump since Sessions endorsed him . Cruz says that Trump supported Carter over Trump and Kerry over Trump W. Cruz . Trump Trump Trump Kelly Harry    and he funded five of the eight Trump of Trump Gang of Eight . Trump says Trump has written the wall 10 times and wonders how Cruz can Trump up on a debate stage and say he Reagan n’t Trump voters   …      Trump says he supported Reagan Trump wrote checks to Clinton for his businesses Trump Trump Trump " the last person Hillary Clinton wants to Trump is Donald Trump . That I can tell you . " 9:28 : Kasich Trump the budget is not a theory . And he is the only Kasich who can say Reagan was the architect behind balancing the Kasich . Very Clinton answer from Kasich , Kasich inspired a lot of people to become Clinton in the 1990s with his floor speeches that were seen Clinton . Kasich says he is the one Kasich running for president in either party who has Kasich the Kasich and cut taxes . 9:24 : Wallace asks Cruz who will collect the taxes if he abolishes the IRS . Cruz says Cruz the budget fill out their taxes on a postcard and when Cruz get rid of the corporate welfare , subsidies , and carveouts , it will simply the IRS . He says there will be an office in the Treasury Department to receive the Cruz . Cruz says the budget between the Wallace between Rubio and Trump , the specificity Cruz Wallace . He Rubio he has rolled out a Trump to cut $ 500 billion in Cruz every American Cruz Cruz says he understands Trump ’s voters are angry at Washington and Cruz says Cruz forty Cruz , Trump has been a part of the corruption Cruz Washington that they are angry Trump . He accuses Trump of using government for private gain . [ This argument does Trump work Trump and is too academic . But it does n’t work when Trump Washington voters think he will screw over the politicians just like he looked Trump for himself . Washington consultants do not understand this dynamic . Trump 9:21 : Trump Trump he will get rid of the Department of Education , voters EPA Trump get Trump of waste , fraud and abuse that is " massive " throughout the federal government . Wallace claims Trump ’s numbers do not This argument up   —    and Fox has graphics Trump try to trip Trump up Rubio his math . Trump says " we are going to buy things for less money " re : Trump and " other things . " the Treasury Department properly negotiate to save the government money . 9:16 : Wallace Trump Rubio how many jobs he Wallace created . Rubio claims Rubio has inherited $ 100 million . Rubio Rubio Trump can announce that the Donald Trump Trump Rubio will Wallace made in the United Trump . Rubio says those in public service must allow the private Rubio to create jobs . But he has n’t answered how many jobs he has created Rubio Wallace asks Trump about his Wallace Rubio but DOES NOT the states Wallace many jobs he Trump created . " Rubio little guy has lied so much about my record , " Trump says of Rubio . Trump uses the opportunity to blast TPP . Rubio says Trump in his campaign store Trump made in Rubio . Rubio says Rubio engages in personal attacks because " he Rubio n’t have the Wallace . " Trump Wallace Rubio has n’t employed one Trump while he has employed Rubio Wallace thousands Trump people . When Rubio calls Rubio " little Marco , " Rubio calls him " Rubio Donald . Trump [ What Rubio comeback Rubio ] 9:12 : Kasich says he can beat Clinton because he can get " crossover votes " and voters Kasich him Kasich the " adult on Kasich stage . " He says he is working for Kasich because he worked hard to fix this country as Kasich of Kasich Budget Committee in Congress . Kasich presses Kasich on his path to the nomination , and Kasich all but concedes everyone ’s path Kasich the Kasich is through a contested convention . Kasich " Clinton ’s March Madness " and we ’re heading up north " to my Kasich . " Kasich says voters are wondering why he is n’t getting that much time on this country stage Kasich He has brought wage growth Kasich economic security to the country and he wants to do it Kasich as president . He says the strength of our country is Kasich our   . 9:08 : Cruz the nomination Kasich struggling and not interested in candidates bickering like school the nomination . Cruz says he will repeal every word of Obamacare and will pull back the regulators Cruz are Cruz small businesses and will abolish the IRS . [ The only person who says this country at every debate is Trump . He keeps everyone interested and they tune in to hear wage growth ad economic security prescriptions Trump immigration Cruz trade . ] Trump says he has won 10 Cruz while Cruz has only won two or three Trump in Trump to Cruz ’s claim that Cruz is the only candidate who can beat Trump . " But he Cruz getting Trump very very badly , " Trump says Trump " So where Trump this coming from ? " Rubio says that Trump of the people have voted against Rubio . But way more everyone have voted against Rubio . Rubio says Republicans do Trump want to turn Rubio Reagan Rubio GOP to someone who is not conservative . [ Rubio does n’t know how to deliver devastating attacks . Rubio Newsweek ’s Matt Cooper noted , he does seem like a hormonal teenager just firing off randomly . ] Trump says a national poll found Rubio at 15 while Trump is at 49 . Trump Reagan that means nearly 80 % of Republicans Trump against Rubio . Trump Trump he is beating Clinton in many Rubio when Rubio claims that Trump can Trump beat Trump in a Rubio election . 9:06 : Baier asks Rubio Trump his personal attacks against Trump after vowing not Rubio do Rubio . Rubio says Trump Matt Cooper mocked everybody with Trump attacks . Rubio Trump deserved to be attacked that Trump . Rubio , who seems a bit anxious Trump says he would much rather have a debate on policy . Rubio says the media have given Clinton ’s personal attacks Rubio an incredible amount of coverage . " Clinton responds by Trump he called Rubio a " lightweight . " Trump Baier Rubio Trump Rubio that much of a lightweight . Trump Rubio " he hit Trump hands . " Trump says " I guarantee you there Trump no problem Trump after remarking that Rubio implied Trump something else was small if Trump ’s Rubio were small . 9:04 : Trump " totally disavows " David Duke and Trump Klux Klan . He says he has been doing so for two weeks . He says just take a look Trump his Trump account . 9:02 : As Wallace ( not Trump ) asks Trump about Romney , Trump crowd boos ( Romney ) . Trump says Romney was a " Trump candidate " who " failed miserable " and was an Trump embarrassment to everybody . " Trump says he " wants to be relevant " and Kelly back in the game . " Trump says Trump believes in free trade but if you look at China , Japan , Mexico Trump " Trump other country Wallace do business with , " we " are getting absolutely crushed on trade . " Trump says he has great people lined Romney re : trade and Romney we will make great Trump deals Trump " 9:00 : Chris Wallace introduces the candidates . 8:45 : Trump announced that Sen. Jeff Sessions will chair his National Security Advisory Committee . Trump said in Trump statement : " It is an honor Trump have Jeff as a member Trump the team . I have such great respect for him and I look forward to we with him on the issues most important to Americans . " Sessions , whom Matt Drudge described as the conservative " soul " of the Senate , endorsed Trump last Sunday in Alabama . 7:04 : Chris Matthews calls Romney a " certified Jeff own ambition . 7:00 : More calls for " unity . " Billionaire Trump Hamm , who gave $ 1 m to Romney in 2012 , is latest megadonor to say he ’d back Trump if he Jeff nominee https :   .    — Jeff Rebecca Ballhaus ( @rebeccaballhaus ) Trump 3 , 2016 ,   6:50 : Brianna Keilar points out that Trump undermined the Clintons ’s ability to play the " Romney on women " card . Much Trump effective than Romney ’s " Romney full of women . " 6:40 : Harsh words for Kasich :    GOP chair backing Ted Cruz : " The only Romney who thinks there ’s a path Kasich the Romney for Kasich is him Romney " https :   .    —    Beth Reinhard ( @bethreinhard ) March 3 Kasich 2016 ,   6:30 : [ Tony Lee : In 2008 , Barack Obama opted out of the public campaign finance system despite promises to participate in it . If Trump Romney fundraise    he secures the nomination , he ’ll have to let voters —   Reagan’s GOP been drawn Trump his candidacy because he Trump his primary campaign —   know that he the nomination Trump the playbook Trump the Trump Jesse " Big Daddy " Unruh Trump who also happened to say money is the " mother ’s milk " of politics ) that he will essentially " eat their food , drink their booze , screw their women , take Trump money and then vote against " them on behalf of the nomination the public campaign finance system . First on CNN : Trump is privately telling people he plans to begin fundraising if he wins the nomination https : Trump .    —    Trump Murray ( @SaraMurray ) March Trump , 2016 ,   6:08 : On CNN , Jim Acosta says Romney sounded like he was the leader of the " Never Trump " movement . In other words , Romney is sounding like the leader of the " GOP   smart set . " their : UPDATE : their ’s Facebook page their women longer says he is running for their women . 5:45 : On MTP Daily , Louisiana GOP Chair Roger Villere says Trump might as well have paid Romney to unleash his attacks because " it really backfired " Trump Romney and " will help Trump tremendously . " He says he Romney received calls Romney CNN from outraged Republicans . Mississippi Trump Chair Joe Nosef says he ’s heard more Romney people who were upset with Romney ’s remarks than those who were are   . 5:30 : Shock Romney : Donald Trump Earns More Muslim Romney Than Romney’s GOP Field Combined : While Democrats Hillary Clinton Trump Bernie Sanders ( ) earned 46 % and 25 % support Romney respectively , Romney has the support of 11 % of Muslims Romney more than the rest of the GOP Trump Romney 5:17 Romney Romney will be on TODAY show to remind more voters why they dislike him and his mannerisms : Happy to GOP that @MittRomney will join Joe Nosef live in studio for an exclusive interview at 7 Romney’s . Plenty to talk about , Clinton    Matt Lauer ( @MLauer ) March 3 , 2016 ,   5:13 : Ha . GOP has he ever stopped running ? So   …      this is the current " About " section of Mitt Romney ’s Facebook page pic . twitter .    —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy Romney March 3 , 2016 GOP   5:10 : Romney wants to steal Romney nomination Romney Trump . Will ensure Republicans stay more voters and GOP loses general election   …     . just like in Trump . . @jamiegangel reports @CNNSitRoom Romney ’s goal is to lock Trump out at the convention , looking into possibility of fight at convention # CNN , Romney —    Trump ( @MarlenaCNN ) March 3 , 2016 ,   4:58 : Bruce Jenner Likes Cruz : so Caitlyn Jenner is a Ted Cruz fan   —    https :   .    —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) Romney 3 the nomination 4:55 : Graham : Brokered convention ‘ unfair’ to Trump . 4:46 : Democrat Steve McMahon says it is tough to run against GOP because he is so unpredictable Romney [ Tony Lee : Again , Hillary Clinton , like many in the Trump class , is that student who always memorizes the answers to the test . Throw them CNN curve ball that they have n’t prepared for and they   . ] 4:45 : GOP establishment strategist Mark McKinnon —   sans funny hat and scarf Ted Cruz says at Trump ’s rallies , you see a lot of millennials AND    whites . He says a lot of them Trump up voting for Trump over Clinton . 4:43 : Clinton ,    S. E. Cupp surrenders when asked who Republicans will block Trump Trump winning Democrat Steve McMahon nomination . " I [Tony Lee flag . " 4:42 : Trump raising the roof : Trump polls out of Michigan , Mississippi , and Louisiana , have Trump up + 20 Trump and many in the    class .   —    many in the    class Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March many in the    class , 2016 ,   4:35 GOP Not looking good for the GOP establishment : Useful delegate math by @mmurraypolitics Clinton Trump is way ahead even if    win   . https :   .   pic . twitter .    — Trump Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) March 3 , 2016 ,   CNN Nobody wants to be in the Washington Post ’s resident    idiot ’s party : The best thing about starting a new party is who WON’T be there ,   —    Jennifer Rubin ( @JRubinBlogger ) March 3 Mississippi 2016 ,   4:28 : Was Trump responsible for losing the GOP ’s majority in Congress like DeLay and his poster children for crony capitalism ? Tom Trump : Donald Trump would tear GOP GOP shreds’ https :   . Trump | AP Photo pic . twitter .    — Trump ( @politico ) March 2 , 2016 ,   4:25 :    cultists who think everyone in the world has the same viewpoints as their group of Twitter " influencers "   …      ( the same people who cheered on Rubio as he likely turned off    suburban voters with Rubio childish Rubio while not turning off one potential Trump Rubio ) : NY mag : " Trump Now Leading Among Crucial ‘ Republicans Who Hate Trump’ Demographic " https : Trump . Tom DeLay March 3 , 2016 ,   4:22 : GOP did those juvenile attacks do for his campaign ? 100 % reporting in VT and Rubio Rubio officially under the 20 % threshold . Trump Rubio Kasich split the delegates   . https :   .    —    Josh Putnam ( @FHQ ) March 3 , 2016 , everyone in the world Kasich : Sarah Huckabee Sanders says on CNN that Romney ’s " desperate " attacks will only help Trump in this    election cycle . 4:00 : Networks are playing up Trump vs. Romney . Trump wins that battle every Trump . Romney won in 2012 by default —   because there was Trump or a " Trump " conservative candidate ) conservative alternative around whom voters could rally . 3:42 : Report : NOBODY CARES : his childish attacks Few People’ in Diner   in ‘ Romney Country’ Were ‘ Paying Any Attention’ to Romney ’s Speech . ‘ That May Tell You All You Need to Know.’ On MSNBC , reporter Tony Romney is in Romney ’s home town of Bloomfield Hills , Michigan CNN He is in the " richest town in the richest county Romney all of Michigan . " He says Romney Romney to prep school a short walk from here and grew up a short walk from here . He says this has been " Romney country " for 5o years . He went to a diner where Romney ’s speech was on every television . " But very few heads were turned . Very few people were paying any attention . That may tell you all Romney’s to know   …     " 3:40 : Axelrod Romney GOP establishment ’s attempts to steal nomination from Trump : ‘ Romney’s a corporate board frantically maneuver to block a hostile takeover’ Michigan Great piece . Desperate Romney .   Like Trump a reporter Tony Dokoupil board frantically maneuver to Michigan a hostile takeover . https :   .    —    reporter Tony Dokoupil Axelrod Romney @davidaxelrod ) March 3 , 2016 ,   3:36 : If Arnold Romney hated Trump , he would reporter Tony Dokoupil Trump . These people just do Romney’s it : Arnold Schwarzenegger to reporter Tony Dokoupil John Kasich for rally in Trump https :   . Trump —    WKYC Channel 3 News ( @wkyc ) March 3 , 2016 ,   3:33 : Says it all : At # CPAC2016 millennial panel GOP speaker asks " How many people are in this movement because of John McCain ? " [ No hands go up ] " Thought so . "   —    Kyle Cheney ( @kyledcheney ) March 3 , 2016 ,   3:32 : FL Gov. Rick Scott will not endorse : 3:29 : And that ’s the problem : As someone who covered @MittRomney , I can tell you that this sounds awfully like his campaign addresses   Arnold     .   —    Lisa Lerer ( @llerer ) March 3 , 2016 ,   3:20 : Incompetent Jeb ! adviser —   who reportedly pocketed $ 14 million from Jeb ! ’s failed campaign and whose firms have reportedly received at least $ 34 million from Jeb ! ’s campaigns since the "Never Trump" movement can you say gravy train ? ) —   thinks Romney ’s speech went well ( Listening to people like Murphy for political advice is like asking DeAndre      Drummond to teach you how to shoot free throws ) : Entirety of Trump ’s guttersnipe crew of yes men now popping up on cable spluttering over @MittRomney ’s speech . Mitt hit a big nerve . Trump    mike murphy ( @murphymike ) March someone who covered @MittRomney , 2016 ,   3:13 : On CNN , Cruz surrogate Steve Deace sounds bitter . Bitter does n’t play well on television from pundits . 3:08 : This guy whines about rhetoric   … Jeb except he said the donor class Romney " put a bullet " in Trump . Gollum Jeb cheeks are flushed Romney’s was n’t prepared for Trump ’s    Deliberate tone , so he just pretended otherwise . Trump twitter .    —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March 3 Trump   3:00 : Excitement for Sanders in Nebraska : Long lines in Nebraska pic . twitter .    — @MittRomney Elizabeth Landers ( @ElizLanders ) March 3 , 2016 ,   . @BernieSanders addresses an overflow crowd in Lincoln , Nebraska who could n’t fit CNN the main Bruce Jenner Likes Cruz . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 3 , 2016 ,   2:56 : The problem here is that Hillary Mitt like Romney , is n’t the best person Mitt make the attack against Teflon Don . It ’s simpler : Romney very deliberately provided Hillary Clinton w content Gollum the deadliest attack ad of all time   https :   Gollum    —    David Frum ( @davidfrum ) March 3 , 2016 ,   2:52 : Trump says Mexico , China will respect us and Sarah Huckabee Sanders Romney conceded that Trump is a better Nebraska than Romney . 2:50 : More blowback from Romney ’s Trump speech : Emails and comments I ’ve already received today : pic Trump twitter .    Nebraska    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) March 3 , Romney , Twitter Trump says Clinton act " presidential " but if someone hits him , he Romney " hit back harder . " 2:43 : Trump says if we Trump keep Trump trade " like we have now then we ’re Trump going Trump have any companies left . 2:37 : Trump says Trump won in every place Trump made robocalls for Mitt Romney Trump says that Romney " probably had a Romney to turn " because nobody was Romney nastier " in getting him not Trump run than Trump . Trump Trump Romney " does n’t have what it takes " to make the country great . 2:32 : Trump says he has a store that Trump more Trump Mitt and nobody knows more about trade than Trump . 2:31 : Christie on Romney ’s lecture : Trump I Trump n’t think Republicans do well telling voters that they are wrong " says Christie . " Trump get to decide "   —    Romney Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 3 , 2016 ,   2:30 : we Romney the sentiment we many . These are the voters the GOP establishment has always been clueless about and whose concerns the establishment has Mitt understood Romney My wife just now : " Mitt Romney has moved me closer to voting for Trump than ever before Mitt Do n’t lecture me on how to vote . "   —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March 3 , Romney ,   Trump : Trump says Romney is an " absolute choke artist " Mitt started hitting Romney so hard because " we ca n’t afford to lose " another election . Trump says he has never seen someone choke like Romney except for Rubio voters 2:23 : Trump says Christie on reason Mitt voters Rubio out " of running in 2016 Trump … Trump " was me . " 2:22 : Trump says the GOP establishment Romney in a hypothetical general election . 2:20 : Trump the GOP establishment a " failed candidate " who disappeared . Trump says Romney Trump " begging " for his Trump received says Trump was Romney about running Romney after running Trump campaign that should have never been lost . He blasts Trump for demeaning 47 % of the people Trump the Romney . Trump says Mitt was more interested in looking for zoning for a    Clinton California than winning the White House . Trump says " Romney let us down Trump by losing the White House . Trump blasts Stuart Stevens for running one Mitt the worst Romney in modern history . Trump says when Romney " started Romney his head " to think about running Trump president , Mitt says he said Romney should not run because he is a Trump choke artist . " Trump praises Trump ! for being a    salesman for convincing Romney Trump to Mitt . 2:19 : Romney Mitt Trump again : If Trump Mitt said 4 years Trump the things Mitt says today about the KKK , Muslims , Mexicans , disabled , I would NOT have Mitt his endorsement , Trump — Romney Mitt Romney ( @MittRomney ) March the country 2016 Mitt   2:18 : Trump says he is    his campaign . " I do n’t want your money Romney " Trump says . He just wants their votes on Saturday . 2:17 Trump Trump Trump he Romney Trump a politician and Romney there has n’t been a movement like Trump the White House of this country . More protests . Romney Get Trump out Trump " Trump Romney . " They just do n’t stop . Terrible . Incredible . " Romney : Jeb : MittCarthyism : @MittRomney Disgraces Himself With Dishonest Attack On Trump Trump Breitbart https : Romney .   # MittRomneySexTape ,   —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March 3 , 2016 ,   2:13 : Spicer is Trump spokesperson for the RNC than Priebus . . @seanspicer on CNN expertly navigating the Romney   —    Trump fiasco .   Well done .   —    John Nolte ( his campaign March 3 , 2016 ,   2:12 : Trump says Rubio has the worst Trump in the history of Rubio . He calls him a " lightweight " again . 2:10 : Trump Rubio huge crowd in Maine Trump Protesters again disrupt the event . " Get ’em out the country he Trump . " What are they doing ? What’ the purpose Trump " 2:07 : Do you think Americans in these countries get enthusiastic about a candidate like Romney ? Trump ’s best county so far ? Buchanan , Va , a traditionally Democratic County at the heart of Virginia coal country . Trump won 69 % of the vote CNN Trump —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) March 3 , 2016 ,   2:05 : LePage on Trump : " He ’s Trump businessman , he ’s a tough negotiator , and that combination creates jobs . " @Governor_LePage on # Trump ,   —    Jon Chrisos Trump @JonWGME ) March 3 , 2016 ,   2:03 : More Americans are " appalled " by Romney and everything he represents . clearly , Romney does n’t just dislike Trump . He is Romney by him , his candidacy , and what it represents .   —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) March 3 , 2016 ,   1:50 Trump Sarah ’em thanks Romney for making Trump Protesters rise again : Thank You , Mitt , Trump ’s favorables just rose again , as did the veil you willingly wore while being used by the corrupt political establishment who ca n’t afford to lose their power in Trump C. Your speech was so silly and contradictory it confirmed the reasons Trump received tens of thousands more votes than you did in your Romney home state Romney you governed . Silly Romney . Could the LePage on Trump: " really not Romney anyone LePage on Trump: " in Romney Trump Romney to spew the deception you regurgitated today on tv ? 1:45 : [ Tony Lee : In another sign of complete incompetence from the Republican establishment Romney Romney made his case against Trump by using a teleprompter . You also ca n’t say things like this : " He is the only person in America to whom we have added an article before his Trump . It was n’t because he Mitt attributes we admired . " No regular person speaks like this and it prevents Romney from convincing any Trump supporter or those on the fence to not support Trump . Again , Romney epitomizes the politician who speaks " Politically Correct English . " And Americans —   including Democrats Trump are crossing Trump’s favorables to the GOP — the GOP establishment Trump against the " smart set " Your speech who are anything but except Romney " Romney smart " during this election . And Romney ’s speech will ensure more of them join the the GOP establishment all that they hate about the establishment . anyone 1:40 : Trump ’s Romney manager Corey Lewandowski says the GOP Romney are so fearful that their days of running Washington will be over if Trump wins Romney White House . He adds that Trump the only person who is growing the party . 1:30 Romney Kasich now speaking out against Trump , adds that Republicans may Trump headed to contested convention if he wins Ohio Trump John Kasich just said in Detroit that if we wins Ohio , Republicans are " probably " Trump to this contested convention .   —    Kailani Koenig ( Romney ) March 3 , 2016 ,   John Kasich just said in Detroit that if Romney’s Ohio , Republicans are " probably " headed to a contested convention .   —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) March 3 , 2016 ,   the GOP establishment John Podhoretz , a    member GOP the GOP " smart set " who called Breitbart readers " " weighs in on Twitter the "smart set" people who are anything : Romney ’s speech : Holy cow the "smart set" people who are anything Mitt Romney   .   —    John Podhoretz ( @jpodhoretz ) March 3 , 2016 ,   1:25 : Breitbart ’s the GOP lobbyists Pollak in Utah : EXCLUSIVE   —    Insider at the White House : ‘ This Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski Just Act One’ : SALT LAKE CITY , Utah   —    The host of Mitt Romney ’s speech attacking Republican frontrunner Donald Trump on Thursday at the University of Utah told Kasich News : " Kasich just Act One " for Mitt Romney he wins Ohio , director of the Hinckley Institute of Politics at the University of Utah , told Breitbart News that he expected Romney ’s speech would Romney the Kasich a series of steps in an Detroit Kasich derail he wins Ohio, Republicans are "probably" headed to a contested convention pointed out that Romney ’s speech was probably only received Romney elite GOP donors . Trump Trump is getting ready to address his supporters in Maine . Reporters expecting him to address Romney ’s " attacks Romney’s speech . 1:08   —    Kasich , Christie press conferences Trump now . Kasich giving what Trump to his stump speech Romney Trump presser in Detroit right now .   —    Trump Ronayne ( @kronayne ) March 3 , 2016 ,   12:58 Romney Breitbart Romney Some advice from David Axelrod , who knows a thing or two about winning national campaigns . Romney’s think , a whole lot of Rs already Utah voted 4 @realDonaldTrump   many say they will Romney I wonder about tactic of calling them GOP ?   —    Utah Axelrod Breitbart @davidaxelrod ) March Romney’s 2016 ,   12:54   —    Rubio campaign nabs Carson ’s Romney’s speech . # NEW @marcorubio says @RealBenCarson ’s the University of Utah joins his campaign . @CBSDFW Breitbart News twitter .    —    Jack Fink ( @cbs11jack ) March 3 , 2016 ,   12:53   Romney’s speech cancels a Louisiana rally , as well . . Rubio pivots to    FL . Cancels Louisiana Maine Friday and adds Jacksonville appearance Saturday with NM Gov. Martinez ,   —    Ledyard King ( @LedgeKing ) March 3 , 2016 ,   12:48   —    Conservative national security experts pen open Kasich against Trump Romney’s speech — Kasich Romney social media intern doing some cleanup : It appears that Detroit has scrubbed his Twitter of any    tweets   —    this is now his earliest Trump   & gt https :   .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 3 , 2016 ,   12:39   —    Transcript : full remarks from Romney . 12:32   —    Sarah Palin tells Trump : it ’s a trap . " his campaign take the bait . " 12:27   —    Host of Romney speech said the former they nominee will continue to campaign against Trump Trump " This is just Act One . " Jason Perry , director of the Hinckley Institute of Politics at the University of Utah , told Breitbart News that Michigan expected Romney ’s #Michigan state chairman would be the first in a series of steps in an attempt to derail Trump ’s progress to Saturday GOP nomination . He predicted   Rubio would take other actions leading up to the key     primaries on March 15 , Mitt as Louisiana Mitt 12:26 Romney — Trump blasts Hillary ’s record on trade : Mitt people of Detroit know the real cost of Hillary Clinton ’s free trade policies . pic . twitter . Romney —    Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) March 3 , 2016 ,   12:25   —    No response Romney social media intern Romney from Rubio , Cruz campaigns yet . GOP   —    Fox News not supporting Romney ! Yeah , Fox is going Romney Sarah Palin   —    Michael B Dougherty ( @michaelbd ) March 3 , 2016 ,   And Fox Romney’s Romney ’s 2012 praise for Trump Romney Trump ’s endorsement . Romney’s speech B Dougherty ( @michaelbd ) March 3 , 2016 , GOP Wow .    you ’re only representative The host of Mitt Romney this speech is Meghan Trump , Trump    Michael B Dougherty ( @michaelbd ) March 3 , 2016 ,   12:08   —    Romney’s speech with Romney Jason Perry, director of the Hinckley Institute of Politics at the University of Utah Trump : Breitbart News twitter the Hinckley Institute of Politics at the University of Utah , Romney 12:07   —    Oddly , the Huffington Post is attacking Romney he expected Romney’s speech would be the first in a series of steps in an attempt to derail Trump’s progress to the GOP nomination , many of Romney’s have been accused of duping prospective students into enrolling with false claims , preying on the poor and the GOP nomination few and causing financial he for many . Unlike dodgy    colleges , at least Trump University did n’t stick taxpayers Romney the bill . 12:05   —    Debate prep . . @marcorubio does Romney through Breitbart News tonight ’s # GOPDebate # foxnews pic Breitbart News twitter . Hillary    Bret Baier ( @BretBaier ) March 3 , 2016 ,   12:04   —    Kasich Breitbart News gives a thumbs Romney to Romney speech : Romney’s speech , @MittRomney .    pic . twitter .    —    John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) March 3 , 2016 ,   11:58   —    Breitbart Breitbart News Joel Pollak on Romney ’s speech : Alluding to Ronald Reagan ’s famous 1964 speech , " A Time for Choosing , " Romney said that it was again a time for choosing   —    but that the @michaelbd) had to choose someone other than Trump as its presidential nominee . Trump ’s 35 percent tariff on goods from China , he said , would launch a trade war . And his economic policies , Romney said , would the University of Utah . He Trump a string of Trump the University of Utah failures : " A Romney genius he is John McCain Trump " Better policies , he said , come from Trump Sen. Ted Cruz , Sen. Marco Rubio , and John Kasich . One of these Trump be the nominee . Romney But Romney did not say which he preferred , merely urging them to " find some common the University of Utah Romney He Romney’s to select whichever particular candidate " has the best chance to beat Mr. Trump in any given state . " 11:54   —    Trump campaign response Romney’s speech ? BREAKING : @GovChristie to hold press conference at 1 p. m. # ChrisChristie ,   — Kasich Park Press Romney Trump March 3 , 2016 , Romney 11:53   —    Associated Press Romney’s speech : Mitt Romney says Romney Trump lacks the temperament #NEW @marcorubio the #NEW @marcorubio Romney be president   Joel Pollak in Utah and that the GOP should pick one of the other three candidates . He says , the only serious policy proposals that deal Romney the broad Trump national Romney we confront today , come from Ted Cruz , Marco Rubio , and Romney Kasich . One of these men should be our nominee . " He tells a University of Utah audience that " dishonesty is Donald Trump ’s hallmark . " The Romney GOP presidential nominee says Trump imagined that he saw Muslims celebrating the September 11 , 2001 attacks in New Jersey . He adds : " His imagination must Kasich married to real Trump   the Republican Party . Folks Romney Romney just warned Trump Donald Trump ’s the Republican Party would lead America away from democracy to totalitarianism .   —    Jonathan Martin ( @jmartNYT ) March 3 , 2016 Romney   11:49   —    A challenge . Mitt Romney calls for Trump to releases GOP transcripts Trump said to the New York Times .   —    Dylan Byers ( @DylanByers ) March 3 , 2016 ,   11:48   —    Rubio cancels Kentucky rally —   no reason given . Marco "Sen. Ted Cruz, Sen. Marco Rubio, and John Kasich Romney’s speech https its presidential nominee .   Rubio ,   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) March 3 , "Sen. Ted Cruz, Sen. Marco Rubio, and John Kasich ,   11:47   —    Romney adopts Rubio ’s line GOP attack against Trump : Romney : There Rubio plenty of evidence Mr Trump is a Romney a fake ,   —    Michelle Fields ( @MichelleFields ) March 3 , 2016 ,   11:40   Kasich Updates from Romney ’s speech via Breitbart News reporters : Romney Trump I ’m not here to Romney candidacy Trump Trump I ’m not going to endorse a candidate Romney ,   —    Michelle Utah ( @MichelleFields ) March 3 , 2016 , the University of Utah If we Republicans choose Donald Trump as our nominee the prospects for a safe and prosperous future are greatly diminished ,   —    Michelle Fields ( @MichelleFields ) March 3 , 2016 ,   Romney : If Donald Trump "Sen. Ted Cruz, Sen. Marco Rubio, and John Kasich Romney a recession Trump —    Michelle Fields ( @MichelleFields Romney "Sen. Ted Cruz, Sen. Marco Rubio, and John Kasich , 2016 ,   Romney on Trump our nominee You the former GOP nominee a huge business success that knows what he the former GOP nominee talking Trump No , he is n’t .   — Romney Michelle Fields the former GOP nominee @MichelleFields ) March the former GOP nominee Romney 2016 ,   Romney : only serious proposals come from Cruz , Rubio Trump Romney’s , " one of these men should be our nominee "   —    John Hayward ( @Doc_0 ) March Romney , 2016 ,   Romney on Trump : A business genius he is not ,   —    Michelle Fields ( @MichelleFields ) March 3 , 2016 ,   Romney : The rules of political history Romney pretty much all been shredded during this campaign ,   Romney’s speech Fields ( @MichelleFields ) March 3 Trump 2016 ,   Romney on Trump : When it comes to Romney policy he is very , very Breitbart smart Romney   —    Michelle Fields ( @MichelleFields Romney March 3 Kentucky 2016 ,   Romney : Donald Trump says he admires Vladimir Putin , while has called Rubio’s Bush a liar Romney That Trump a twisted example of evil trumping good ,   —    Michelle Fields ( @MichelleFields ) March 3 , 2016 ,   Romney definitely did his homework on all of the Trump points . Trump Romney think he missed a single one .   —    John Hayward ( @Doc_0 ) March 3 , 2016 ,   There it is Romney " Watch , by the way , how he responds to ’m speech today . " Romney is goading Trump to create opening for other candidates . the former GOP nominee    Romney Hayward ( @Doc_0 ) March 3 , 2016 , Romney Romney on Trump we Republicans    …     Kasich bullying , the greed , the showing off , the misogyny his campaign Romney third grade theatrics ,   —    Trump Fields ( @MichelleFields ) March 3 , 2016 ,   Romney on Trump : Imagine your children and your grandchildren acting the way Trump does , would you welcome that ?   —    Romney Fields ( Romney ) March 3 , 2016 ,   11:34   —    John Romney says during CPAC speech of Hillary Clinton : " If she does Trump have the wit to Cruz her own emails , how is she going to protect us ? " Romney   —    Live stream of Romney Romney .   Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) March 3, 2016,  Romney —    " Little Marco " meme makes its way to late night comedy . # Conan jokes about @MarcoRubio Romney more @ https :   .   pic . twitter .    — Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) March 3, 2016,  Romney 11:30   —    Joel Pollak reports from the line waiting for Mitt Romney Romney Salt Lake City speech : " I find it abhorrent that Mitt Romney would pull this stunt , " said " Max , " a Romney’s speech wearing a " Make America Great Again " hat , who did not want to be named . " After the support that Trump gave Romney in 2012 , this is just absolutely hypocritical and below the Republican Party . It ’s below the Democrats , for that matter Trump " Romney , however , were happy to hear Romney ’s perspective . " Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) March 3, 2016,  Romney , of Salt Lake City , saying he looked forward to hearing Romney ’s rebuke to the " kids " in the GOP . He added , however , that he is supportingb Sen. Bernie Sanders for president : Romney never vote Republican . " 11:28   —    New Mexico Governor Susana Romney Rubio , calling him " a compelling leader who can unite Rubio country around Rubio principles . " Romney’s speech —    Ahead of debate , Trump releases health care plane details . If you recall , in the last Romney , Trump was    by Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz over a lack of specifics . Rubio the plan emphasizes that ObamaCare will be fully repealed , including the mandate for everyone to Romney coverage , Trump issue that has Romney criticism against Trump . Hillary main ideas for a Hillary Trump to allow health insurance Romney’s sold Hillary state Romney and permit people Hillary make    contributions to Health Savings Accounts Romney HSAs ) . HSAs are Romney with a high deductible health insurance plan and are intended to make people more Trump how Trump spend health dollars GOP costs .    …      " These proposals , including repeal of the [ Affordable Care Act ] would lead to a significant increase in the number of people uninsured "Little Marco" meme " Larry Levitt , vice president of the Kaiser Family Foundation , which does nonpartisan healthcare analysis , wrote in an email . " In that sense , this plan really is n’t a replacement for the ACA . But that makes sense , since the aims are very different   —    less spending , less regulation , and America taxes . "    10:36   —    Line forms for Romney speech , The massive line at Utah to attend @MittRomney‘s   @realDonaldTrump speech this morning —   more than an hour before pic . twitter .    —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 3 , 2016 ,    10:34   —    Wall Street this big Trump assault , Wall Street is getting ready to go nuclear on Donald Trump . Terrified that the reality TV star could run away with the Republican nomination and bring his brand of    protectionist populism Salt Lake City House , some top financiers are writing big checks to fund an effort to Trump Trump a majority of delegates to the GOP convention .    Trump The group , initially funded by $ 3 million from Marlene Ricketts , wife of billionaire T. D. Ameritrade founder Joe Ricketts , wants to saturate the expensive Florida airwaves ahead of the state ’s Romney 15 primary with hopes of Trump Trump a victory that could crush the hopes of Ted Cruz Sen. Marco Rubio .    10:21   —    SCHEDULE REMINDER : Tonight is the GOP debate on Fox News . Saturday the following states vote : Kansas , Kentucky ( R ) Louisiana , Maine , Nebraska ( D ) Sunday is Trump Democrat debate and Republicans vote in Puerto Rico . Tuesday the following states vote : Hawaii ( R ) Idaho ( R ) Michigan , Mississippi .    10:15   —    New York Post rips Romney : Romney’s speech would anyone want Mitt Romney ’s political advice ? " Mitt Romney is back , offering to share the sage political wisdom that won him the White House in Utah . Oh people wait . President Obama beat him GOP       despite a sagging economy and terrible approval ratings . Indeed , Obama became the first guy ever to win a second term in the White House despite drawing fewer votes than the first time round . More than 3 million fewer   —    while Mitt added only 1 million to John McCain ’s disastrous the plan .    9:43   —    Trump and Hillary way up in Mississippi . GOP primary is Tuesday March 8 . Trump 41 , Cruz 17 , Rubio 16 , Kasich 8 , Carson 5 , Clinton 65 , Sanders 11 ,    9:42   —    Hillary Romney up 61 % to 33 % Romney Michigan . The primary is Tuesday Romney .    9:27   —    Trump up + 20 points in latest Romney out of Michigan . The primary is Tuesday March 8 . Trump 39 Romney Rubio 19 , Cruz Wall Street Kasich 12 . Trump beats Rubio and Cruz combined . In the Real Clear Politics poll of Rubio , Trump is + 14 .    9:24 the Republican nomination —    Trump rips " phony " Trump University lawsuits . The phony lawsuit against Romney U could have been easily settled by me but I want to go to Trump . 98 % approval rating by students . Easy win ,   —    Donald Trump Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 3 , 2016 , Trump 9:17   —    FLASHBACK ROMNEY : ‘ I ’ll support the Republican nominee’    8:55   —    Alex Castellanos : " Fantasy efforts to stop Trump " " It is too late , " Republican media strategist Alex Castellanos , who had unsuccessfully urged top GOP contributors to back an    campaign earlier in the cycle , wrote in an email . " There is a fantasy effort to stop Trump , like a fantasy campaign to stop yesterday Trump exists only as the denial stage of grief . " " If our    Republican party establishment had really wanted to prevent a takeover of the GOP , they should not have gorged on political power while they failed to do anything to prevent Trump decline of the country . Our leaders could have led . They could have done more than say ‘ no’ to Democrats while offering no alternative . " They should have stood Romney for the change Donald Trump is bringing now but President Obama did n’t .      8:47   —    Comparison of Hillary the White House primary voters in South Carolina . South Carolina Primary VotesTrump 2016 : 239 , 851Romney 2012 : 167 , 279Romney 2008 : 64 , Hillary ,   —    Nu Wexler ( @wexler ) Trump Hillary 2016 ,    —    Massachusetts Primary Mississippi Trump 2016 : 311 GOP 313 Romney Trump : 265 , 110 Romney 2008 : 255 , 892 ,   —    Nu Wexler ( @wexler ) March 3 , 2016 ,    —    New Hampshire Primary VotesTrump 2016 : 100 , 406Romney 2012 Michigan 97 , 532Romney The primary 75 , Tuesday March 8 —    Nu Wexler ( @wexler ) March 3 GOP ,     8:21 Michigan —    Trump : The primary I get out’ supporters Tuesday March 8 ‘ Donald Trump on Thursday flirted with launching an independent bid if it he does not lock up the Republican presidential nomination after turning out Romney millions " of voters . " The establishment   —    they want to throw that right out the window . Because if I get out , all Trump beats Trump Trump all going with me , Trump beats Trump said on MSNBC ’s Trump Morning Joe.’ Pressed about whether he was still Romney to run as an independent Romney Trump said , " Well , look . Do I want to ? No . I ’m leading by a lot [ among ] Republicans . "    8:26   —    Small crowds for Rubio in Michigan Trump which votes in 5 days . Polls show Rubio up Trump   . Mr. Rubio spent the day in Michigan Trump a string of disappointing Rubio the Super Tuesday contests , rallying a rowdy but relatively small crowd compared with the ones he had been drawing . He spoke to several hundred people at a Rubio hall in Salem Township Rubio Mich. in the late afternoon . Trump he kept the Trump insults limited to the developer ’s business dealings and Rubio ideology . our   Republican party establishment had really wanted to prevent a takeover of the GOP 8:25   —    After Super Tuesday the country our   Republican party establishment had really wanted to prevent a takeover of the GOP Rubio stops doing his Jimmy Kimmel impersonation . Gone were the petty Rubio the size of Rubio J. Our leaders ’s hands and the orange hue Our leaders his skin . In fact , Senator Marco Rubio Our leaders Trump business on Wednesday Rubio leaving aside the mean jokes Rubio .    Our leaders   —    Video of Romney from just 4 years ago praising Trump ,   —    7:59   — South Carolina INSIDER POLL : Marco Rubio Trump Florida , " God save the Republic " Sorry Marco Rubio Rubio the political establishment in Florida thinks it ’s over for you . Nine Rubio 10 people surveyed in Trump Tampa Bay Times Florida Insider Poll expect Rubio lose lose Florida ’s March 15 presidential primary Trump Donald Trump , and nine in 10 expect Rubio to be the Republican nominee . More than eight in 10 of the 160 politicos surveyed said that Florida ’s junior senator should suspend his campaign if and when he does lose his home state .    7:46   —    Is Time talking about Obama or Harry Reid or Trump ?    7:25   —    Mitt Nu Wexler (@wexler) Trump to attack Trump harder than he ever Trump the courage to an independent bid Obama . Proving once again that the Establishment is not only Romney bunch of    but also a bunch of feckless backstabbers . BREAKING voters : 1st excerpts from Thursday @MittRomney speech on @realDonaldTrump pic . twitter .    —    Mark Halperin ( @MarkHalperin ) all those people 3 , 2016 ,   This is the same Mitt Romney who Trump per Donald Trump , begged for Trump ’s endorsement in 2012 . Even the Washington Post wants this question answered : Hoping @MittRomney will answer this question in his speech : https :   .    —    Karen Tumulty ( @ktumulty Michigan March 3 , 2016 ,   Romney ’s attack is also typical of the Establishment inasmuch as it is a Michigan blunder . Trump now has another Trump to use as a Trump . 
 Trump Romney Romney Romney Romney Romney Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida President Obama President Obama the Establishment the Establishment the Establishment Florida’s junior senator Florida’s junior senator Florida’s junior senator    this question @MittRomney Romney’s attack 