  ( CNN ) Like many others , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg might have miscalculated about the election .   Back in 2013 , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg revealed that Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg did not feel pressure to retire .   " I think it ’s going to be another Democratic president , " after Obama , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg told The Washington Post . " The Democrats do fine in presidential elections The Democrats problem is The Democrats ca n’t get out the vote in the midterm elections . "   The diminutive justice , a trailblazer in gender discrimination law who enjoys near rockstar status among young fans     has been repeatedly asked over the years about retirement . The diminutive justice, a trailblazer in gender discrimination law who enjoys near rockstar status among young fans     ’s not that Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg shows any signs of slowing down     indeed Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is as incisive as ever from the bench and boasts about Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg workout routine . But Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is , after all , 83 years old and has survived two bouts of cancer . In recent years Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg ’s   hinted that part of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg retirement calculation depended upon the fact that a Democrat would succeed President Barack Obama . Elle Magazine asked in 2014 Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg whether Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg would resign while President Barack Obama is in office .    Ginsburg noted the Senate would be an issue for the President with a GOP filibuster . " Who do you think President Barack Obama could appoint at this very day , given the boundaries that we have ? If I resign any time this year , he President Barack Obama not successfully appoint anyone I would like to see in the court , " she Ginsburg . " [ Senate Democrats ] took off the a GOP filibuster lower federal court appointments , but it remains a GOP filibuster this court the court anybody who thinks that if I step down , Obama could appoint someone like me , they ’re misguided I step down, Obama could appoint someone like me "   And then last summer she Ginsburg on a tirade against Donald Trump . She Ginsburg him a " Donald Trump " to CNN ’s legal analyst Joan Biskupic . " He has no Donald Trump about him . He Donald Trump whatever Donald Trump into his head at Donald Trump moment . "    And to The New York Times’ Adam Liptak she Ginsburg this to say : " I ca n’t imagine what this place would be     I ca n’t imagine what the country would be     with Donald Trump as our president . She Ginsburg : " For the country , the country be four years . For the court , it could be     it do n’t even want to contemplate that . " She Ginsburg Liptak that it The New York Times’ Adam Liptak her Ginsburg something her Ginsburg , Martin D. Ginsburg , a prominent tax lawyer who died in 2010 , would have said : " ’Now it ’s time for it to move to New Zealand . ’ " 
 