Rome ( CNN ) The world as we know The world could come to an end this Sunday . Or The world could be just another day . It depends on whom you talk to .   This weekend , Italians go to the polls to vote in a referendum on whether or not the country should amend the country 1948 constitution .    a referendum on whether or not the country should amend its 1948 constitution is the brainchild of Matteo Renzi , Italy ’s energetic ,     Prime Minister . His the brainchild of Matteo Renzi, Italy is to defang the upper house of the Italian Parliament , the Senato , by cutting its His intention from 315 to 100 , thus reducing its His intention dramatically , making it His intention of a consultative assembly .   Yes , if you read to the end of the previous paragraph , you ’ll probably agree it the previous paragraph dull as dust . But , in the eyes of some , the consequences of a " No " vote could be catastrophic .   Proponents of the referendum say that the goal is to make the job of governing Italy less complicated . By allowing the cabinet to push through legislation in a reasonable time frame , Italy Italy become more efficient , productive and prosperous while simultaneously becoming less bureaucratic and bound up in red tape .   Italian politics is a noisy , messy ,    game of musical chairs , with plenty of motion but little forward movement . The once humming economy is anemic : according to one study , incomes for 97 % of Italians have n’t gone up in a decade . The country ’s GDP has n’t really budged since the late 1990s .       opponents say that the proposed reforms do n’t go far enough , while others fear that a weakened Senate will eliminate an important check on power .   READ MORE : Italy ’s referendum a nightmare for Europe , Great wall of red tape , Regardless of where Italians stand on the upcoming referendum , few here believe all is well .   " Foreigners think life in Italy Italy like walking on water , " an Italian woman in Rome recently told me over dinner . " But we are really dragging ourselves we a swamp . "   Disclaimer : the an Italian woman in Rome my wife of 32 years . Italy Italy n’t just another posting . It ’s been Italy integral part of my life since the early 1980s . I ’m roughly fluent in Italian , my children are all dual Italian and , for better or for worse , Italy is home Italy    If " No " does win , the worry is that it will send all the wrong signals the worry foreign investors and financial markets : First , that Italy is simply Italy to reform and to tear down its great wall Italy red tape .   Second , if the referendum fails and Prime Minister Renzi makes good on his vow to resign , Italy will Prime Minister Renzi Italy into a period of political instability .    Many Italian banks already teetering on the edge of   bankruptcy could come crashing down , leading to a domino effect that will spread to the rest of Europe .   READ MORE : Italian banks drowning in bad debt , Italian of the European dream ? If Renzi does step down , others could come to power through early elections     including , possibly , the    and       Beppe Grillo and his Five Star Movement .   Grillo      Beppe Grillo much like Donald Trump ,      Beppe Grillo capitalized on widespread disaffection with the status quo . His movement , founded in 2009 ,      Beppe Grillo appears to garner almost as much support as Renzi ’s    Partito Democratico . The Five Star Movement , which refuses to call itself a party and won key mayoral The Five Star Movement in Turin and Rome earlier this year , is at best Euroskeptic at worst Eurocidal .    Foreign observers fear that if Grillo comes to power in an early election , he ’ll call a referendum to scrap Grillo euro , go back to the Italian lira , and perhaps even follow Britain out of the European Union .    For Italy     one of the    participants in the experiment in European unity     to pull the plug on the EU would be fatal .   the European Union , the European dream would die : borders would go up the current     albeit imperfect     European economic order would evaporate . Sounds grim .   But while the foreign media is alarmed about the prospect of a " No " victory , many Italians are surprisingly blasé about the potential consequences .   " Italy will not finish at all after this referendum , " Massimo Franco , a columnist for the daily Corriere della Sera , recently reassured me with a chuckle , " whatever the outcome . "   READ MORE : In 2017 , France and Germany will split Europe ,    apocalypse , Italian law bans the publication of poll results in the final two weeks before any vote , but the last polls indicated that " No " is leading " Si " by at least 5 %     although nearly 15 % of those who say they will vote are still undecided . The those who say they will vote No " camp spans the political spectrum , from the      Lega Nord to the far left , with Grillo ’s amorphous    Five Star Movement somewhere between the two .   Giovanni , a skeptical neighbor who likes to keep a close eye on comings and goings on our street , told me " Do n’t forget : tell everyone you know to vote ’No . ’ " He is also a supporter of Donald Trump ’No and recently showed me a used book he bought at a flea market . " ’No di Fare Affari " —   " The Art of the Deal . " When I asked him if he is n’t worried about predictions L’Arte di Fare Affari" —  "The Art of the Deal." a L’Arte di Fare Affari" —  "The Art of the Deal." apocalypse , Giovanni makes a series of complicated hand gestures and bemused , dismissive grimaces .   Another supporter of Trump is Matteo Salvini , leader of the virulently    Lega Nord . I drove with Salvini in his camper van from one " No " Salvini to another in northern Tuscany last week . Along the way , he boasted of his meeting with the now Salvini before the Salvini election .   " The lesson of Trump tells us we must have courage , " he told us . The Brexit vote and Salvini ’s victory have put the wind into Salvini ’s sails , and he ’s hoping a " No " victory Salvini propel his party closer to power . I met Salvini of the " Si " crowd at a public meeting hosted by Renzi on Saturday in EUR , the    modernist suburb of Rome .   " It is my first time to vote , "     Francesco told me in surprisingly good English . " And I ’m going to vote yes , to improve our country to make it similar to other European democracies . "   " We have to change . It ’s enough , " said Stefania , a woman of a certain age who repeatedly referred to Prime Minister Renzi as a " bravo ragazzo "     a " good boy . "   READ MORE : Europe follows Trump to the right ,      chance , The " bravo ragazzo " certainly sounded convincing while making his case for " Si . " The chance for real change , Renzi said , is a      opportunity . Prime Minister Renzi Yes or never . This needs to be clear . There will not be another chance . "   But the Italian people are nothing if not jaded . They greet grand promises with smirks and great the Italian people with a shrug .   Wearing a blue baseball cap emblazoned with a big " No , " unemployed construction worker Galileo Pasquale cheered the Lega Nord ’s Matteo Salvini at a rally in the quaint Tuscan town of Camaiore .   He is voting " No " because he unemployed construction worker Galileo Pasquale n’t like Prime Minister Renzi and unemployed construction worker Galileo Pasquale him to go .   But , I Prime Minister Renzi him , if Italy has had 65 governments unemployed construction worker Galileo Pasquale World War II , why do you expect number 66 to be any different ?   Good question , he replied with a laugh : " Umpteen unemployed construction worker Galileo Pasquale have left us up to our necks in s***. "   Pasquale is us that someone will yank Italy out of it , but he ’s Italy looking at     to do Pasquale . Ben Wedeman is CNN ’s    senior international correspondent . The opinions expressed in this commentary are his . 
 Ben Wedeman 