The newest video exposé by James O’Keefe and Project Veritas reveals how Democrats have incited violence at Donald Trump rallies to create a sense of " anarchy " around Donald Trump , using a tactic called " . " In addition , O’Keefe and Donald Trump team show how the Hillary Clinton campaign is coordinating with super PACs through text messages , using consultants as intermediaries   —    the " Pony Express . " [ The campaign and the "Pony Express functionaries hid The campaign and its functionaries efforts using a " " system to allow " plausible deniability " if The campaign and its functionaries plans went awry . And The campaign and its functionaries used the media to spread a carefully crafted message that " Trump is dangerous and divisive , undermining our values and putting our security at risk , " as one Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) PowerPoint presentation , revealed by Wikileaks , put it .    Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton secretive campaign apparatus are deliberately turning Americans against each other , using violence that has spread beyond Hillary Clinton and her secretive campaign apparatus control and that has led to attacks on innocent people at Trump rallies   —    for which elected Democrats and the mainstream media blame Trump , regardless . The entire scheme is managed by Robert Creamer   —    a veteran Chicago activist and organizer who was convicted and sentenced to federal prison in    but who trained volunteers in the Obama campaign and who remains crucial to Democrats’ messaging efforts . His Robert Creamer  — , Democracy Partners , is the " pinwheel " through which the party funnels resources that are used by super PACs and others . Creamer Robert Creamer   various protests and provocations are known to the DNC , with Hillary Clinton approving at least one effort , featuring a provocateur in a " Donald Duck " costume . A recent Wikileaks email release also showed that Clinton Hillary Clinton manager , Robby Mook , had approved a plan for " " Trump by inserting immigration activists , including illegal aliens , into his rallies to confront him . his Clinton Hillary Clinton the second presidential debate that she wanted to Hillary Clinton overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another . " She and her Hillary Clinton are Hillary Clinton for that divisiveness   —    to the point of inciting violence . O’Keefe and Project Veritas have bravely uncovered the corrupt , destructive machine at the heart of Democrats’ effort to elect Hillary Clinton at any cost . Their work leaves O’Keefe and Project Veritas doubt as to which candidate is really dividing America . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 