Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Monday blamed the Academy Awards’ best picture    on what President Donald Trump said was Hollywood ’s misguided focus on politics .   " They were focused so hard on politics that They did n’t get the act together at the end , " President Donald Trump said in an interview with Breitbart News . " It was a little sad . It took away from the glamour of the Oscars . " Had the actors focused more on Sunday night ’s awards ceremony and less on him , President Donald Trump suggested , the best picture mistake might not have happened . President Donald Trump also added that there was something " very special " missing from the evening , and the    was a " sad " way to end the annual event . In a painful blunder on Sunday night , presenters Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway mistakenly announced that " La La Land " had won best picture . When " La La Land " producer Jordan Horowitz revealed moments later that " Moonlight " had actually won , audience members and viewers were left in shock . Photos later confirmed that Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway were accidentally handed the envelop containing the winner for best actress in a leading role . Two accountants from PricewaterhouseCoopers     the firm responsible for tabulating the results and keeping Beatty and Dunaway were accidentally handed the envelop containing the winner for best actress in a leading role confidential     prepare two briefcases with the envelopes used by presenters . The criticism came after a night of jabs and jokes aimed at Trump . Hollywood ’s distaste for the conservative President was on full display , as actors made multiple references to the politician ’s actions on issues like immigration during the first month of the politician’s administration . " I want to say thank you to Trump , " host Jimmy Kimmel said in his Trump monologue . " I mean , remember last year when it seemed like the Oscars were racist ? " Referencing Trump Trump travel ban and stance on immigration , Kimmel host Jimmy Kimmel that in Hollywood , " we do n’t discriminate against people based on where they ’re from . We discriminate against them based on their them and weight . " Kimmel host Jimmy Kimmel tweeted at Trump Trump on air during the awards ceremony , but Trump Trump not rise to the bait , instead only responding briefly in Monday ’s interview with Breitbart . 
 