Detroit ( CNN ) Iraqi native Atheer Ali fled to Michigan as a child nearly three decades ago . Iraqi native Atheer Ali has a tattoo of a cross on his shoulder Iraqi native Atheer Ali a nod to his faith Iraqi native Atheer Ali   Now he fears Iraqi native Atheer Ali visible Iraqi native Atheer Ali of Christianity will make him a Iraqi native Atheer Ali for violence and persecution if he ’s Iraqi native Atheer Ali back to the    nation following his detention Iraqi native Atheer Ali immigration officials in Detroit this week .   Ali is Iraqi native Atheer Ali of more than 100 Iraqis in Michigan and northern Ohio under the jurisdiction of Detroit ’s Detroit Enforcement office who have been targeted for deportation . ICE says most have criminal records .   The father of one has lived in the United States since 1992 . His criminal history The father of one a felony conviction for breaking and entering in 1996 , and misdemeanor convictions for possession of marijuana more than a decade later , according to the ACLU , which   filed a class action lawsuit Thursday to stop the deportations . Muslims part of lawsuit , Brianna   ’s husband is one of the seven people named in the suit . The two met the day Ali    came to America in 1998 , and have been together ever since .   But her husband was Brianna  ’s husband US immigration officers last weekend , and she has been Brianna  ’s for answers about his fate , fearing Brianna  ’s husband ’ll be sent Brianna  ’s husband to Iraq .   The class action lawsuit filed by the ACLU of Michigan comprises five Christian petitioners and two Muslims , including   .   In the complaint , the ACLU argues it the ACLU of Michigan to deport the detainees without giving them an opportunity to prove the detainees could face torture or the detainees if returned to Iraq . The ACLU complaint was filed the complaint , the director of the ICE Detroit district office . It requested a Friday hearing for the the complaint . Many of the petitioners the detainees , an Iraqi Christian group that has historically faced problems in Iraq . The Detroit metropolitan area is home Iraq the largest US group of Chaldeans .   " Not only is it immoral to send people to a country where they are likely to be violently persecuted , people expressly violates United States and international law it treaties , " Kary Moss , executive director for the ACLU of Michigan , said in a statement . " We are hoping that the courts will recognize the extreme danger that deportation to Iraq would pose for these individuals . Our immigration policy should n’t amount to a death sentence for anyone . " Nearly 200 arrests , ICE has arrested 199 Iraqi nationals since May , 114 of them from Detroit   according to its press 199 Iraqi nationals Gillian Christensen .   Iraq Christensen in exchange Iraq being removed from the countries listed in President Donald Trump ’s travel ban . That agreement triggered a shift in the focus of ICE raids , Christensen said in a statement . Criminal records , " The vast majority of those arrested [ in ] the Detroit metropolitan area have very serious felony convictions , multiple felony convictions in many cases . I applaud the efforts of the law enforcement personnel who , day in and day out , put their lives on the line to protect this community , " Christensen said .   ACLU lawyers acknowledge the criminal history of those Christensen , but say most of the detainees have complied with their conditions of supervision and have had no further    with the those arrested , according to the news release .   Ali    served five months of a    sentence for an assault that happened 17 years ago and his record was later expunged , according to the complaint filing . Ali    He has a history of mild heart attacks , according to his Ali    , and had a seizure when officials arrested him . Ali    was initially hospitalized , but now awaits his fate Ali    a Ali    center in Youngstown , Ohio .   Ali    wife , an American citizen born and raised in Ohio , Ali    prepared travel documents for herself and the couple ’s Ohio sons in case her husband is His wife, an American citizen born and raised in Ohio back to Iraq .   " If he His wife, an American citizen born and raised in Ohio on a Tuesday , I ’m leaving on a Thursday her husband I can not let this government tear our family apart . The only option we have is to pack up and go , and hope to our back to America one day and see my family , " Brianna    said . ’Scared to death’ Family our family anxiously searching for answers from the government , worried they ’ll run out of time to keep this government ones in the United death’ Family members . The sprawling home of Shoki Konja death’ Family members 57 , with America lawn and ornate furnishings , is his symbol of the American dream . He and his brother , Najah , immigrated to the United States from Tel Kaif , his , his 40 years ago with their family America decade by decade , hundreds of his family , who are Chaldeans , Tel Kaif, Iraq their way to the United States , where they felt his .   But now Najah Konja , hundreds of his family, who are Chaldeans , does America . He calls his hundreds of his family, who are Chaldeans from the ICE detention center in Youngstown . " Everyone here like me is scared to his , his Najah Konja said . " Please do n’t send us to Iraq , his you are sending us to our Najah Konja " ’Is this United States?’ Najah Konja has a criminal record . After coming to the us as us     his brother said he fell in Najah Konja wrong crowd . He was convicted of drug conspiracy charges as a     and Najah Konja about 20 Najah Konja behind bars . Since getting out , Najah Konja brother said , he has turned his life around . He owns a tobacco shop in the Detroit area . He a    his brother and has been a    his brother out Najah Konja trouble . He lost a    his brother ability to have a Green Card because of his a    his brother , but he has been checking in annually with ICE a    his brother most recently in November .   Then , on Sunday a    his brother he was awakened a    his brother home and taken into custody and told he would be deported back to Iraq , where he has no a    his brother , does not know the language and has not lived a    his brother 40 years .   " Is this United a    his brother ? " Shoki Konja asked . " Is this what this country is about ? " Shoki Konja thought the country was in good hands . He voted for Donald Trump in the this United States , and said he agreed Shoki Konja ’s this United States deport troublesome undocumented immigrants .    " Shoki Konja honest truth , we thought they ( were ) picking up Shoki Konja criminals , Donald Trump Konja said . " We thought they ( were ) not going to touch innocent people , or people who turned their life around . Shoki Konja days before Najah Konja was we up they the US Department of Justice Executive Office for Immigration Review Board of Immigration Appeals they to reopen his Green Card case Shoki Konja that case is in limbo . Chaldeans in the Detroit area , Chaldean leaders are pursuing any possible special consideration for the members of their community at risk of his Green Card case back to Iraq , according to Chaldean Community Foundation President Martin Manna .   The community has reached out to the US State Chaldean leaders and the US Department of Homeland Security , but have yet to make headway , Manna said .    " their community pleading with the government to reconsider , " Manna said .   Community members were wary of President Trump ’s campaign rhetoric , Manna Chaldean Community Foundation President Martin Manna , but were completely caught off guard by the sudden ICE raids . The Chaldean Community Foundation President Martin Manna metropolitan area is home to over 150 , 000 Chaldeans , according to Manna Chaldean Community Foundation President Martin Manna   Since 2007 , over 30 , 000 Chaldean refugees have come into the area , fleeing violent conditions in Iraq .   The biggest wave of Chaldeans first Chaldean Community Foundation President Martin Manna in Detroit in the late 1960s , escaping the regime of Ahmad Hasan    The Detroit metropolitan area Saddam Hussein , according to Manna . Detroit was a good fit for the community because Detroit the job opportunities in the city and its proximity to Canada , where other Chaldean communities grew over the Chaldean Community Foundation President Martin Manna , Detroit said .   " People who came as children , this is the only country that Detroit know . They ’re culturally illiterate and fearing being killed . Now we Chaldean Community Foundation President Martin Manna hoping and praying there will be some relief . They are not a threat to national security People who came as children " Manna People who came as children . 
 People who came as children 