  ( CNN ) It is a moment that will live in political infamy . As he announced he candidacy for president of the United States , Donald Trump assailed Mexican immigrants as " people that have lots of problems . " he accused Mexican immigrants of bringing drugs and crime with Mexican immigrants across the border and derided Mexican immigrants as " rapists . " Doubling down in the face of controversy , Donald Trump added that they are " killers " as well . As with so much that Donald Trump says , Donald Trump comments were at once inaccurate and obscene . Recent studies show that immigration is associated with lower crime rates , and that immigrants are less likely to be criminals than are    Americans . Trump next targeted Muslim immigrants , calling for a " total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States . " Donald Trump also said Donald Trump was open to creating a database of all Muslims living in the United States . As for the desperate refugees fleeing Syria , Trump dismissed them the desperate refugees fleeing Syria a " Trojan horse . " Trump Trump said that the Bible is his Trump book , so it the Bible is his favorite book worth asking : What could Trump Trump about immigrants if he Trump up his Trump Bible ? The book of Exodus admonishes us : " You shall not oppress a stranger ( ger ) for you know the feelings of the stranger , having yourselves been strangers in the land of Egypt " ( Exodus 23:9 ) . By ger , commonly translated from Hebrew as " stranger " or " sojourner , " the his beloved Bible to an immigrant who is an outsider in the place where he now lives     a resident who has no family or clan to look after him , he who is therefore vulnerable to social and economic exploitation . The text appeals to the Israelites’ memory to intensify their moral the Israelites’ memory . Having tasted the suffering and degradation to which vulnerability can lead , the people are bidden not to afflict or mistreat the stranger . The Bible ’s charge is based on an urgent demand for empathy     since you know what it feels like to be a stranger , you must never abuse the stranger the stranger who is this stranger with whom the Bible is The Bible’s ? When people consider the biblical category of " the stranger , " they usually think exclusively people his present status : an outsider vulnerable to exploitation . But Bible scholars have recently Bible color to our picture of the stranger by the stranger closely at his past . Most often his Frank Spina argues , the stranger left his the stranger origin on account Frank Spina " social and political upheaval due to war , famine , economic and social troubles , oppression , plague and other misfortunes that produced strife . " It does not seem much of a stretch , therefore , to suggest ( as Rabbi Jason Rubenstein does ) that ger could also be rendered as Ger refugee . " In fact , the word ger , which derives from a root meaning " to sojourn , " may also be connected to another root meaning " to dread or be afraid . " The stranger flees home and arrives scared . Ger may also derive from an Akkadian ( an ancient Semitic language ) word meaning " enemy . " This is hardly surprising , since immigrants were often perceived as dangerously subversive threats . Although they " saw themselves as reacting to social difficulties they " Spina explains , " officials and rulers often saw them as the cause of turmoil they " The Israelites’ enslavement in Egypt begins in just this way : Pharaoh looks at them and sees a potential fifth The Israelites’ enslavement in Egypt . In response , the Bible twice mandates that the people " love the stranger . " The people are effectively told , the people , whom you are likely to deride as enemies     love them instead protect them , care for the people and seek the people   . The the people are supposed the people love the immigrant because the book of Deuteronomy teaches that the God they worship loves the immigrant ( Deuteronomy The Israelites : ) . This is a big part of what it means to be religious : If This love God , you strive to love those whom God loves . If you hate those God God loves , it is those whom God loves , no matter how God you declare otherwise . In light of all this , you ’d expect religious leaders to be lining up against Trump . But you ’d be wrong ( or at very best only   ) . Jerry Falwell , Jr. president of Liberty University and son of the founder of the Moral Majority , has declared that " Donald Trump is God ’s man to lead our nation Trump One wonders , why would God , who loves immigrants and bids us to do the same , choose a man who hates our very people whom God loves ? Evangelical leader James Dobson has added that " Trump appears to be tender to things of the Spirit . Trump Yet true tenderness of the spirit , true receptivity to the word of God , the Spirit him in an entirely different direction . Now , there is Evangelical leader James Dobson wrong with enacting laws around immigration , and nothing wrong with enforcing those laws . Nor is there anything wrong with taking precautions to laws around immigration that those purporting to seek refuge are not terrorists in disguise . But there is something terribly wrong with basing those laws on bigotry and falsehoods . In any event , given the Bible ’s preoccupation with loving the stranger , can one be a biblical Christian and revile the stranger ? To vilify the stranger is to confess that one has the stranger the true meaning of the stranger . Join us on Facebook . .   Judaism and Christianity both teach love , empathy and compassion . Donald Trump consistently and unabashedly espouses hatred , disdain and discrimination . The fact that Falwell and Dobson have been led astray does not change the truth one whit : To hate the immigrant is to abandon God and to forget the Bible . 
 