On Friday morning ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily , Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) explained why she supports presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s proposal to limit immigration from    nations . [ " It comes in line with plans and proposals that we have in the House , " she said , continuing :   the House has stepped forward this year and passed several different measures to deal with this , including a measure that would halt this migration . we also have my legislation that ’s yet to move forward , H. R. 4218 , that would temporarily pause the migration of individuals who are coming from countries with terrorist ties . Blackburn said she bill ’s sponsors believe it is important to take a " time out " on immigration from those quarters , and " Mr. Trump is right in having that as his Mr. Trump . " " It is a focus that we in the House have , and we we , that you have to have a ‘ time out’ and figure out what the vetting process is going to be . As in my legislation , it my legislation require the president and the secretary of Homeland Security to sign off that , indeed , this the vetting process correct . " SiriusXM host Matt Boyle noted that , contrary to cries from Trump ’s critics that a temporary ban on Muslim immigration would be an unprecedented outrage that threatens the rule of law , existing law does , in fact , allow the president , putting it in layman existing law terms , to " temporarily halt any alien or class of aliens from entering the United States , if they deem them to be they fundamental threat to the United States the United States It ’s a common sense approach , " said Blackburn , elaborating : Anyone who is running an organization or a business knows , if you have something that is     or is not working right , the common sense thing to do is to step up and to say , " Look , we ’re going to pause this until we can figure it out we " In this , that is what we in the House have said and what Mr. Trump is saying . " Pause it . Let ’s make certain we know it is coming into our country , " she urged " It ’s Mr. Trump for our sovereignty . It ’s important for our It security . We need to make certain that they are not coming in to do harm to American citizens . " Blackburn thought it was significant that in Blackburn election season,"the number one issue on the minds of the voters is national security , and they equate that national security the voters   —    because of having terror cells expected to be in all of our states   —    they equate that with making the voters their communities are safe , the voters their schools are safe , the voters their churches and places of the voters gathering are all going to be safe for them and for their children their churches and places of public gathering " Blackburn their churches and places of public gathering the House Homeland Security Committee , under the leadership of Chairman Michael McCaul ( ) and Rep. Candice Miller ( ) for asking tough questions of the FBI after the Orlando shooting , such as , " How can you let someone fall through the net of local law enforcement ? " She urged : Tell us Rep. Candice Miller ( ) constrains you . We ’re hearing political correctness us local law enforcement or citizens that tell them , " I was afraid to say something because I was afraid someone may accuse me of holding prejudices or racism or whatever . " Those are the things we need to look at and ask the questions , and then turn to our Homeland Security officials , we our FBI , and our we law enforcement , we say what barriers need to be removed , and what tools do you need in the toolbox to make certain that we root this out . Responding to the bitterly partisan speech President Obama delivered at a memorial for the Orlando victims   —    in which , as Boyle noted , Obama was visibly more angry President Obama his political opponents than the President Obama who did the killing   —    Blackburn said , " You and I would look at that and say , ‘ Oh , my goodness , let ’s not be mad at ‘ who are on Team USA . Let ’s look at why we ‘ had this uptick ‘ terrorist activity , and then let ’s make these assessments . ‘ " " We know that we came ‘ of Iraq ‘ wrong way . Everyone has agreed to that , " she said , presumably using " everyone " to mean " everyone except President Obama . "   " We know that there have been missteps in Afghanistan and in the Middle East , " she continued . " We she we have had a faltering We policy under Secretary Clinton and President Obama , and that President Obama allies are saying , ‘ We have you been?’ Look at the relationship with Israel . You need look no further than that . " " We know all of that is out there , and the President should say keeping the President Obama safe is the top priority . Providing for the common defense , that is our priority , " Blackburn said , adding : Now , let ’s talk about how do we best our that . How do our execute this ? It would be our to see the President take some leadership on this President Obama to send a message to this who do not wish us well , that we are going to our them down , our we are going to those who do not wish us well them , and our are going to destroy those who do not wish us well network . our recounted attending the Baltimore those who do not wish us well Republican Party dinner the previous night and hearing people " talk about terrorism , the threat of terrorism . Their hearts break for these families in Orlando people "   " People wonder how someone like this , who has been radicalized , could have slipped through the net . They ’re asking the questions , the right People , that we all need to be asking . " Those questions include , she said , " How do we keep this from happening ? How do we all root this out ? How do we we all certain this we do not destroy we all security of freedom we all we have enjoyed in this country . " we all Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN :   
 