  ( CNN )   Donald Trump in an interview suggested that Donald Trump in an interview pledge to tighten immigration restrictions could be extended to European nations , according to a Bild transcript translated by CNN from German . Donald Trump in an interview reiterated plans to implement what Donald Trump in an interview calls " extreme vetting " of people from the Muslim world . When asked if Donald Trump in an interview would impose similar restrictions on Europe , the    was noncommittal .   " That could happen . But we will see , " Donald Trump in an interview said . The interview , conducted on Friday by Bild and the Times of London , covered a wide range of international questions and conflicts . Michael Gove , one of the former leaders of UK ’s Brexit campaign , which Trump often praised during the election season , conducted the interview for the Times of London .   READ : Theresa May to unveil plan for ’global Britain’ Asked why he Theresa the Brexit campaign was successful , Trump Trump loose borders and concerns about the effects of immigration . He Theresa tied it the Brexit campaign US security concerns . " We do n’t want people from Syria to come to us We we We n’t know who they people from Syria , " Trump Trump , pledging immediate action to tighten American border controls . According to the interview posted by the Times of London , Trump Trump criticized the Obama administration ’s response to the civil war in Syria Syria suggesting it missed an opportunity to head off what has become a humanitarian catastrophe . " It it a very bad thing , we had a chance to do something when we we the line in the sand and . .. nothing happened . That was the only time . And now , it it sort of very late . It it too late , " he said . " But Aleppo was nasty . I mean when you see them shooting old ladies walking out of town     they them n’t even walk and they them shooting ’em     it almost looks like they them shooting ’em for sport . Ah no , that ’s . .. a terrible situation . " The government of German Chancellor Angela Merkel , who will run for a fourth term in elections this year , has been among the most open to Syrian refugees     and Trump suggested those policies have been a " big mistake . " Asked whom he trusted more , Merkel , a longtime US ally , or Russian President Vladimir Putin , Trump Trump it a draw     at least for now . " I start off trusting both , but let see how long that lasts , " he he . " May not last long at all . " 
 