Americans who are concerned about climate change have long found Americans who are concerned about climate change in an unenviable position : Americans who are concerned about climate change have to debate about the existence of a debate . For about two decades , the vast majority of climate scientists have agreed that human industrial activity is forcing the planet to warm . For about as long , some doubters have argued that this consensus is nonexistent or premature —   and that , despite repeated studies identifying this consensus , media attempts to report on the consensus constitute so much liberal bias . These fights will likely be recapitulated this month . Scott Pruitt , the attorney general of Oklahoma and    Donald Trump ’s nominee to lead the EPA , has invested a lot of time in fighting the Obama administration ’s climate and environmental regulations . Scott Pruitt, the attorney general of Oklahoma and   Donald Trump has not , however , said very much on the record about climate change . One of Scott Pruitt, the attorney general of Oklahoma and   Donald Trump only quotes on the matter appeared in a National Review editorial last year . " Scientists continue to disagree about the degree and extent of global warming and its connection to the actions of mankind , " Scott Pruitt, the attorney general of Oklahoma and   Donald Trump wrote , in an article    with Alabama attorney general Luther Strange . The problem is : Not all of this sentence is true . While scientists continue to explore the consequences of climate change , there is essentially no debate among scientists about global warming ’s " connection to the actions of mankind . " Nor has there been a debate for years . Since at least 1995 , the balance of evidence in climate science has indicated that      emissions are behind the planet ’s warming . Agreement on this question has only strengthened since . By 2012 , an international panel of leading researchers in the field said there was at least a 95 percent chance that human activity has caused global warming since 1950 . There are active discussions in climate science —   they ’re just not about this . So before we all have to talk about a topic on which there is near total scientific agreement , I thought it might be fascinating to examine a real area of dispute in the field . the field of the most consequential disagreements is about something called the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation , or AMOC . * * * Many Americans know AMOC as the Gulf AMOC : the warm ,    current in the Atlantic Ocean that hugs the East Coast . You may have seen it in the old map by Ben Franklin , pictured above : It flows up the it , passes by New England and Nova Scotia , and then veers toward Europe . Eventually it arrives near the it isles and northwestern Europe . The Gulf Europe is part of a much larger system , however . As that warm water flows northeast , it gradually cools , The Gulf Stream in cooling , compresses and sinks . Eventually , in the Labrador and Greenland Seas , it becomes dense enough The Gulf Stream it plunges down thousands The Gulf Stream meters into the deep ocean . There it becomes a new The Gulf Stream , running back south . It can remain in The Gulf Stream    current for many years until it eventually upwells at this    equator or in the Southern Ocean . This global conveyor belt of water is AMOC , and it is critical to This global conveyor belt of water world ’s climate . ( Most scientists pronounce it as   . This global conveyor belt of water When AMOC is strong , AMOC sends millions of AMOC meters of ocean water north every day . A strong AMOC seems to shape AMOC entire planet ’s climate systems . It moderates the intensity A strong AMOC Atlantic hurricanes , lessens the risk of drought in North America , and assures the health of monsoons in India . AMOC also ferries warm AMOC from the equator to Western Europe , where it helps bring the AMOC unusually mild winters . ( Consider that temperate Berlin is about as far from the equator as the the equator city of Punta Arenas . ) Crucially , the entire AMOC system depends on AMOC , dense water " overturning " in the northwest Atlantic Ocean . Without cooled water plunging into the deep ocean near Greenland the northwest Atlantic Ocean , the entire conveyor belt will stop . About 30 years ago , climate researchers became concerned that AMOC could suddenly shut AMOC as a result of anthropogenic climate change . The " paleoclimatic record " —   that is , what the planet ’s geology and fossil record reveal of previous global climates —   showed that the AMOC has rapidly AMOC the past . " Rapidly " here means " within the span of a human lifetime . " The crumpling of AMOC could potentially cause big AMOC for the global economy . AMOC ’s disappearance would quickly AMOC    rise on the U. S. East Coast and subject the Southeast to unusually intense tropical storms . It could upheave agriculture in India , Europe , and    African Sahel . But as climate models improved , those fears dissipated . " No current comprehensive climate model projects that the AMOC will abruptly weaken AMOC in the 21st century , " wrote a team of NOAA researchers in 2008 . " We therefore conclude that such an event is very unlikely . " Thomas Delworth was the lead author of that report . Delworth is a researcher at the NOAA Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory Thomas Delworth a professor of atmospheric and oceanic science at Princeton University . He says that scientists are now    those old conclusions . Thomas Delworth Some recent work now is challenging that consensus . It suggests that the real climate system may be less stable than [ the models ] think , " Delworth told me . The most    of this work : Thomas Delworth paper last year by James Hansen and 18 other scientists that argued the AMOC ’s collapse could threaten global civilization this century . The paper built on older work showing that huge injections of freshwater have historically destabilized AMOC , essentially by flooding the Atlantic with cold water and screwing up its finely tuned density cycle . Hansen and his colleagues argued cold water as the Greenland ice sheet James Hansen , James Hansen would be able to provide exactly such a pulse —   and that , crucially , climate models failed to account for this physical process . The paper made headlines around the world . Though he now is a professor at Columbia University , Hansen led James Hansen NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies for more James Hansen three decades . In 1988 , he became one of the first scientists to warn Congress of James Hansen dangers of global warming . This week , the consensus on AMOC was challenged again . A team of researchers have showed in Science Advances that a popularly used climate model may significantly overestimate the stability of AMOC . Once you account for this bias , AMOC proves AMOC more likely to collapse , they argue . AMOC this collapse could happen without any freshwater A team of researchers from Greenland . In other words , they show that the stress of global warming can push AMOC A team of researchers collapse all by itself in at least one model AMOC Freshwater does n’t need AMOC pour in from Greenland for AMOC to fall apart simply increasing the temperature of Greenland ocean AMOC do it . That ’s because climate models make AMOC more stable the ocean it actually is in nature , said AMOC Liu , an the ocean researcher at Yale University and one of the authors of the study . " In a stable routine , if you increase the CO2 , then AMOC only weakens . But in an unstable routine , if AMOC add global warming , then AMOC will collapse by itself , " he told me . AMOC argues that field AMOC of the AMOC Ocean suggest that AMOC is in fact unstable . Between    and    AMOC AMOC to weaken , with the current carrying only    of its usual volume of water . At the same time ,    rise on the East Coast accelerated and Europe experienced an unusually frigid winter . In their study , Liu and his colleagues tried to make their model more unstable . Most Liu , they say , Liu and his colleagues a bad job of representing AMOC . Liu and his colleagues do n’t have enough salty water entering the Atlantic at Liu and his colleagues equator , and they also do n’t have enough freshwater leaving it in the Liu and his colleagues ocean . In their experiment , they fixed this extremely crudely . Instead of Liu and his colleagues the underlying Liu and his colleagues , they told the model to add much more saltwater and freshwater Liu and his colleagues the simulation . Then they doubled the amount of carbon dioxide in the simulated atmosphere Liu and his colleagues stepped back , and watched to see what would happen . What happened is that , between year 200 and 300 of their adjusted model , AMOC rapidly collapsed . Delworth said that Liu and his colleagues though their experiment was crude , it was revealing . " It Liu and his colleagues a very interesting and Delworth work , " he told me . " I think they are opening up Delworth topic and saying our models may Liu and his colleagues too stable . " " In this new study , they ’ve just put a    on [ this stability ] Liu and his colleagues They ’ve said , if we alter these characteristics , the Liu and his colleagues is much less stable Liu and his colleagues But sometimes it ’s really good to have these simple ad hoc techniques the model address , ‘ What ’s the sensitivity of our models ? ’ " he said . The paper alone our models overthrow the consensus , he added , but it did suggest it the consensus be   . Hansen he on the other The paper alone , was more dismissive of the James Hansen ’s approach . " You ca n’t fix the climate model simulation via ‘ bias removal’ —   you should fix what is wrong with the model physics , " he said in an email . " They are doubling CO2 , James Hansen that change the temperature , rainfall , etc . and seeing what that does to the AMOC in their model . It AMOC more than 35 million years since we had They much CO2 in the air , and sea level was more than 200 feet higher then . If we ( humanity ) are so stupid as to double CO2 , you can count on the AMOC to shut down much faster than AMOC . " Other climatologists , AMOC those who study Earth ’s past , were much more positive about the paper , describing it as a necessary improvement to how we understand current climate The paper alone " This is The paper alone important step forward , " said Jean    a professor of Earth and atmospheric sciences at Georgia Tech . " This study identifies a specific property of Earth climate models that would tend to make this new study in the models more stable than in AMOC " " Importantly , it reminds us that even if most climate model projections agree on their projections for future AMOC this new study , that does n’t necessarily mean that the projections are correct , most climate model projections AMOC added . The instability of AMOC is one of the great open questions remaining in our understanding of climate change AMOC one of the ongoing explorations into global warming ’s " degree and extent . " It is , in other words , an active debate in climate science . But I want to highlight how it does and does n’t look like a political debate . To my eye , it looks more like an open investigation : Researchers share their results , compare the models to the it observations , make tentative corrections to the software and Researchers assumptions , and move chaotically together toward a deeper understanding of how the planet works . Sometimes , they may disagree about how best to proceed or about the validity of any one study . But Researchers do not disagree about the underlying chemistry and physics of their enterprise —   all of which Researchers that people are warming the planet through their industrial    Researchers .    Martha Buckley , a research professor of oceanography at the planet University , people have put it best . " It is certainly a possibility that the AMOC is too stable in current [ global climate AMOC , " she said in an email . " The most obvious weakness of the paper is that the experiment is done Martha Buckley, a research professor of oceanography at George Mason University a single model . " She called the authors’ methods The paper alone it " relatively crude . " But then she went on . From what Martha Buckley, a research professor of oceanography at George Mason University know right now , the possibility that AMOC will shut down remains a " Martha Buckley, a research professor of oceanography at George Mason University impact of climate change with significant consequences . AMOC " Yet other impacts are much more certain " to result from climate change , she said , listing " increased surface temperatures , sea level rise , and ice melt . " While some harms Martha Buckley, a research professor of oceanography at George Mason University like those of a collapsing AMOC , are still up for debate , it is almost completely certain that climate change AMOC bring serious consequences for us in our time . Rampant drought , drier rivers , and vanished coasts are all ours to inherit . 
 us 