’   ’ ’    It happened again   —    a North Korean missile launch exploded in the    air , over land , just a few minutes after launching on Friday . ’ "    While North Korea can still learn a lot from a failed missile    test and use those lessons to advance those lessons program , those lessons ’ve    failed to demonstrate capability with missile types the US    perfected in the 1970s   —    and cyber espionage may be to    blame .   " ’    Asked about North Korea’ ’s unsuccessful missile test by CBS ’’ John    Dickerson on " Face the Nation " on Sunday , President Donald Trump    refused to address whether or not the US had anything to do with    the rogue nation’ ’s missile failures .   ’ ’    " I’’d rather not discuss I’’d . But perhaps they’’re just not very    good missiles , " said President Donald Trump    . Pressed further on possible the US sabotage of North Korea’ ’s missiles , President Donald Trump    did not deny it .    " ’ ’   ’ "    Indeed North Korea lacks the missile manufacturing infrastructure    of a world power like Russia or the US , but   uncovered       secret operation to derail North Korea ’s      program that has been raging for three years . " ’   ’ ’    But to those in the know , the campaign against North North Korea    as no surprise .   a cybersecurity expert for     with experience in the NSA , told    Business Insider that cyberoperations like the one against North    Korea were actually the norm . ’ ’    While the fact that the US hacked another country’ ’s missile    program may be shocking to some , " within military intelligence    spaces this is what they do , " Geers said . " If you think that war    is possible with a given state , you’’re going to be trying to    prepare    battle space for conflict . In the internet age , that    means    . " ’ ’   ’ ’    North Korea’ ’s internal networks are fiercely insulated and not    connect    the larger internet , however , which poses a challenge    for hackers in the US , but Geers said it’ ’s " absolutely not the    case " that computers need to connect to the internet to be    hacked . ’ ’      Furthermore , Geers said Geers because of the   and access points      to North Korea’ North Korea’ " If it ever came      to cyberwar between the US and North Korea , it would be an      overwhelming victory for the West . "    ’ ’      " North Korea can North Korea Sony attack or attack the White House ,      but that’ ’s cause that’ ’s the nature of cyberspace , " Geers said .      " But if war came , you’’d see Cyber Command wipe out most other      countries ’’ pretty quickly . "    ’ ’It happened again   —    a North Korean missile . .. ’ ’Your Editor ( online now)’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 