’"Meet the Press " host Chuck Todd on Sunday confronted Donald Trump about Donald Trump shifting positions on    proposals.’ ’Since all but clinching the Republican presidential nomination this week , Donald Trump to raise the minimum wage and raise taxes on the wealthiest earners , a marked shift from his Donald Trump during the Republican primary process.’ ’In a " Meet The Press " interview Sunday , Todd pushed the presumptive Republican presidential nominee to answer whether he Todd stood by his Todd policy plans , which called for lowering taxes on the wealthy and keeping the federal minimum wage in place.’ ’"Should we assume that most of your plans , then , we shouldn’’t take you at your word   —    as sort of that they’’re floors ? What you just described ? That , ’’ You know what , it’ ’s my opening statement , but everything is negotiable ? ’’ " Todd asked.’ ’Trump emphasized that his Todd asked.’ ’Trump proposals were launching points for negotiation with Congress.’ ’"It’ ’s called life , Chuck , " Trump replied.’ ’"I put in a proposal . You know what they are ? They’’re really proposals . People can say it’ ’s a tax plan . It’ it’ really a tax proposal , " the Republican presidential    added.’ " Todd was n’t the only Sunday anchor to press Trump on his Todd shifting policy positions . " ’"This Week " host George Stephanopoulos pushed Trump Trump answer whether taxes on    earners will rise under a Trump administration.’ ’"They will go up a little bit , " Trump said.’ ’"But they’’re going down in your plan , " Stephanopoulos " Trump said.’ my plan they’’re going down , but by the time it’ ’s negotiated , they’’ll go up , " Trump Trump . " Look , when I’’m negotiating with the Democrats , I’’m putting I’’m a plan . I’’m putting I’’m my optimum a plan ’ ’Stephanopoulos also pressed the presumptive nominee whether his support in some ’ ’Stephanopoulos for raising the minimum wage represented a shift from his earlier opposition to ’ ’Stephanopoulos the federal minimum wage.’ ’"Sure , it’ ’s a change . I’’m allowed I’’m change , " Trump said.’ ’"You need flexibility , George , " he added . " George it’ ’s a tax it’ , where you’’re going   —    where you know you’’re going to negotiate you’’re But we’’re going to come up with something . " ’ ’ ’ ’"Meet the Press " host Chuck Todd on Sunday . .. ’ 
 