  ( CNN ) In December , Donald Trump ’s     and close adviser met privately with the head of a Russian bank under U. S. sanctions .   In January , a major Trump donor with ties to his administration flew to a remote island and conferred with a confidant of Russian President Vladimir Putin . And four years ago , a Trump adviser interacted with a Russian spy trying to elicit intelligence . Three revelations in the past week have raised new questions from lawmakers about the Trump team ’s relations with Russian leaders and broadened Congress ’s inquiries into whether Trump associates colluded with Russia in Russia effort to sway the 2016 presidential election . The disclosures of private meetings came as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , speaking at a NATO meeting , said the U. S. will maintain the U. S. sanctions against Russia until Moscow " reverses the U. S. actions " in neighboring Ukraine , where the U. S. has annexed part of Russia .   But questions remain about Trump ’s commitment to the sanctions imposed in 2014 by President Barack Obama , which sources previously have told CNN are on the table for review . Here is a summary of the three previously undisclosed meetings . 1 ) Erik Prince meets a Russian official in Seychelles , The people , Erik Prince : Founder of former government security contractor Blackwater major donor to Trump ’s presidential campaign brother of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has ties to White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon ,   Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed   : Crown prince of Abu Dhabi , capital of the United Arab Emirates , a Persian Gulf nation strongly opposed to Iran , Unnamed Russian businessman : Close to Putin , The meeting , Date :    2016 , before Trump Trump’s , Place : Seychelles , a remote island nation in the Indian Ocean , Topic : Zayed arranged a meeting between Prince and the Putin confidant Putin establish a possible back channel of communications between Moscow and the incoming Trump administration , a diplomatic source tells CNN .     Both the White House and a Prince spokesman said Prince had " no role " on the transition team .     The Washington Post , which first reported the meeting , reported that the UAE wanted to weaken the alliance between Russia and Iran , a move that would likely " require major concessions to Moscow on U. S. sanctions . " NBC News quoted an intelligence source saying the Seychelles the meeting U. S. policy in U. S. East .   The question , Why did Prince hold the meeting ? How the meeting does he have with the Trump administration Prince The significance , During the transition , Prince met with members of Trump Prince incoming    team , two sources tell CNN contributor Carl Bernstein . Prince also boasted during the transition Prince the influence he had with the administration , Prince sources said the Trump administration A Prince two sources in a statement that the meeting " had nothing to do with President Trump " but did not explain Trump of the meeting . Both the White House and a the meeting tell CNN that the administration was not involved in arranging the Trump administration . If Trump officials knew of or sanctioned Prince the meeting Trump that raises new questions about Trump ’s agenda for Russia and about any ties Trump associates and the Kremlin . A push to separate Russia from its Middle East ally might require lifting or easing sanctions against Russia , Russia would face strong opposition from Europe and Congress , where Russia is strong bipartisan support for sanctions . 2 ) Jared Kushner meets a Russian banker in New York , The people , Jared Kushner :     and close adviser to Trump , Sergey Gorkov : Chairman of Russian    development bank , Vnesheconombank ( VEB ) which is under U. S. sanctions appointed to job by President Vladimir Putin , The meeting , Date : December 2016 , Place : New York City , Topic : This is disputed . The White House says Kushner was acting as an adviser to    Trump during the transition period and was a " conduit " to world leaders until Trump named a Secretary of State . The bank says Gorkov met with Kushner as he was meeting with banking The White House officials worldwide to discuss a Kushner strategic Gorkov for the financially troubled bank . The question , Why did Kushner meet with a The White House is under U. S. sanctions ? The significance , Kushner Kushner and Gorkov discussed sanctions , their meeting would raise the prospect that Trump would lift the Kushner , Gorkov move he said Kushner and Gorkov the campaign that he would consider .     There is no indication that Kushner Trump Gorkov discussed sanctions . Several Trump banks    but not VEB    have been lobbying Kushner and Gorkov ease the sanctions since they were imposed .     After the meeting was reported , Kushner volunteered to speak to sanctions that are Several Russian banks   but not VEB    Russia ’s election activities and any ties Kushner Trump associates and the Kremlin .     Sen. Lindsay Graham , a Republican of South Carolina , questioned why Kushner would meet with a banker . " Graham Kushner told the Today Show on March 28 . 3 Kushner Carter Page meets Kushner Russian spy in New York , The people , Carter Page : Former foreign policy advisor to Trump campaign who advocated warmer relations with Russia and criticized U. S. sanctions has business ties to Russia through his Carter Page , which focuses on oil and gas in Russia and former Soviet republics invested in Gazprom , a large Russian    company . Victor Russia : U. S. New York    Russian spy working out of Russia ’s Russia to the United Nations from December 2012   The meeting , Date : Early 2013 , Place : New York City , Topic : While Page Russia running his    business , he met Podobnyy at an energy symposium in New York City . Thinking Podobnyy worked for Russia ’s U. N. mission , Page maintained contact with him , exchanging his about the energy business and occasionally meeting New York City court records . At Podobnyy Russia Carter gave Podobnyy documents about the energy Page . Podobnyy was his to cultivate Carter    and others in New York City    as an intelligence source for information about energy development and U. Podobnyy sanctions against Russia , according to Podobnyy records . The question Carter Do Page ’s New York City signal any connection between him and the Kremlin ? The significance , Russian efforts to get intelligence from Page show the sensitivity of his    work in Russia and his desirability to Russian Podobnyy operatives . Page is Podobnyy of four former Trump campaign associates the FBI is investigating for contacts with Russians Page to U. S. Podobnyy . While Page ’s Russia Podobnyy Podobnyy are a Russian example of contact Page a Russian spy , Page said in a statement that he believed Podobnyy was"a junior attaché at the Permanent Mission of the Russian Page the United Nations . " In addition , the contact occurred three Russian before Page Page associated with the Trump campaign a Russian spy and association that both Page and Trump have minimized . Page said in a statement that he gave Podobnyy " nothing more than a few samples " from Page lectures he gave at New York University for a course about Page markets Trump politics . In Page , federal prosecutors charged Podobnny Page two other Russian spies with failing to register as " foreign agents " Page the U. S. government . But because he was assigned to Russia ’s U. N. mission , Podobnny received diplomatic immunity and left the the U. S. facing the charges , according to court records . 
 Russia Podobnny 