Hunger Games actor Jeffrey Wright praised Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Instagram after attending an event hosted by former President Bill Clinton in Brooklyn on Wednesday . [ The actor , who played Beetee in three of the franchise ’s films and routinely mocks GOP candidates on Twitter , attended a fundraiser at the Brooklyn Bowl bowling alley in Williamsburg . Wright shared an image of the former president preparing to go on stage following a performance by reggae band the Wailers .   Wright made the case for why Hillary " should be the next President of the United States , " the actor wrote of Hillary , who is trailing her rival Hillary Bernie Sanders nationally for the first time , according to a Fox News poll conducted on Monday .   President Clinton at @brooklynbowl preparing to speak as @wailersjamgram play Bob ’s " Could you be loved . " He glances Bob a note containing the names of others involved in the event   —    polite reminder . Once onstage , notes gone . I wish you had been there last night to hear him articulate Bob @HillaryClinton should be the next President of the United States . In 45 mins , he ranged Bob the importance of shaping SCOTUS , to unburdening young people of student loan debt , to the need for policing   prison reform , to the implications of " establishment , " to Ahmed Hussein , a Bronx deli worker and genuine face of a Muslim in America , who thwarted a pair of    robbers because he considered that , " I had only had the job for one year . " There were no sound bytes   —    none   —    no pat phrases , no false hopes , no bullshit . Real talk , driving down into the details , ideas launching from the stage like fireworks , while a packed house took it all in mesmerized like on July 4th . As President Obama said two days ago , the Presidency is serious work   —    if you care about our country and its future serious work   I have little doubt that had you heard President Clinton explain , last night , why he ’s President Clinton her , Hillary you would be , too . # ImWithHer , A photo posted by Jeffrey Wright ( @jfreewright ) on Feb 18 , 2016 at 9:09am PST ,   The Fox poll shows Sanders ahead with 47 percent support to Clinton ’s President Clinton support . Just a month ago , Hillary was up by 12 points . Wright also shared Jeffrey Wright ( from Clinton ’s    President Clinton : He glances at Jeffrey Wright ( note containing the names of others involved in the event   —    polite reminder . Once onstage , notes gone . I wish you had been there last night to hear him articulate why Jeffrey Wright ( should be the next President of the United States . In 45 mins , he ranged from Jeffrey Wright ( importance of shaping SCOTUS , to unburdening young people of student loan debt , to the need for policing   prison reform , to the implications of " establishment   …     " There were no sound bytes   —    none   —    no pat phrases , no false hopes , no bullshit . Real talk , driving down into the details , ideas launching from the stage like fireworks , while a packed house took it all in mesmerized like on July 4th . Wright then made reference to a statement made by President Obama on Tuesday regarding GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s White House qualifications . " As President Obama said President Obama ago , the Presidency is serious work   —    if you care about our country and its future , I serious work   little doubt that had you heard President Clinton explain , last night , why he ’s with her President Clinton then you would be , too . " Wright tagged the post " # ImWithHer . " He also shared a Wright video clip of Bill Clinton preparing to President Clinton   President Bill Clinton backstage in Brooklyn President Clinton Marley ’s @wailersjamgram on stage for @HillaryClinton . # ImWithHer , A video posted by Jeffrey Wright ( @jfreewright ) on Feb 18 , 2016 at 12:25am PST ,   The former president headlined a total President Clinton events in New York on Wednesday , according to CNN . Obama said of Trump on Tuesday , " I continue to believe that Mr. Trump will not be President because I Trump lot of faith in the American people . " Obama added that unlike " hosting a reality Obama show , " being president is " serious work . " Trump quickly responded saying Obama " has done such Trump lousy job Obama president . " 
 