Former New Hampshire Senator and John Kasich supporter John Sununu spoke to Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon about Ted Cruz ’s poor performance in New York last night , saying " I think it stings anytime you fail to win any delegates in a state as big as New York . It it tough . It it you performed badly everywhere . That ’s a tough pill to swallow . " [ " If John Kasich had n’t of been in the race , Trump would have won all the delegates , " Sununu said in reference to the three delegates Team Kasich took away from New York New York night ’s last night   " In the group of states next week , John John Kasich running a strong second   —    in Maryland , Pennsylvania and Connecticut , " Sununu said , adding , Sununu It ’s obvious that Kasich is John Kasich delegates that Ted Cruz ca n’t , and that ’s important , obviously , if you do n’t want Trump to get the majority . " Asked if Kasich was John Kasich in the race all the way to Convention in Cleveland , Sununu said , " I Sununu so . Look , if you ’re going to get to an open convention , as we saw last night , you need John Kasich John Kasich winning delegates from Donald Trump , preventing anyone from Trump that majority . And I think this the majority in action . " In an obvious shot at Donald Trump , Sununu added , " Trump Sununu this process is laid out . Everyone knows what the rules are . So , there ’s no point in whining about the system after the fact . Everyone got into this knowing the same thing and you ’ve got to fight for delegates . " Asked how he might take the fight to Sununu Clinton if Kasich secured the GOP nomination through a contested convention , Sununu said , " Hillary Clinton is someone who ca n’t be trusted Hillary Clinton need integrity , someone who does what they say and says what they do in the White House . Hillary Clinton has they been straight with the American people Hillary Clinton ’s behaved like the rules do n’t apply to her Hillary Clinton And that ’s fundamentally at odds with where America Hillary Clinton be . " Citing Kasich ’s perceived strengths , Sununu added , " Kasich starts the campaign with an enormous advantage in key swing Kasich , the states where Republicans have to win : Ohio , New Hampshire , Colorado , Virginia . He ’s poised to beat Hillary Clinton in those states and Kasich her strong . And that ’s important to the Republican Party Hillary Clinton conservatives in those states . " As for this coming Tuesday , Sununu those states Kasich ’s best opportunities , " I think Pennsylvania is going to be a very good state for him . Maryland in a weird state , they give them out Sununu Congressional Districts , I think we ’ll Maryland in a weird state at Maryland in a weird state 2 or 3 congressional districts in Maryland Congressional Districts And then the New England states . We ’ll win Maryland in both Rhode Island and Connecticut . " Congressional Districts The difference right now between John Kasich and Ted Cruz is , Ted Cruz ca n’t say that , " he concluded . Breitbart Ted Cruz airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from Ted Cruz AM to 9 AM EST . Listen to the full interview below : 
 