Cleveland , Ohio ( CNN ) The head of Cleveland ’s largest police union is calling on Ohio Gov. John Kasich to temporarily tighten the state ’s gun laws during this week ’s Republican National Convention following Sunday ’s shooting in Louisiana that killed three officers and wounded at least three others . " We are sending a letter to Ohio Gov. John Kasich Ohio Gov. John Kasich assistance from him Ohio Gov. John Kasich He Ohio Gov. John Kasich very easily do some kind of executive order or something     I do n’t care if it ’s constitutional or not at this point , " Stephen Loomis , president of Cleveland Police Patrolmen ’s Association , told CNN . " They Stephen Loomis, president of Cleveland Police Patrolmen’s Association fight about it after the RNC or they Stephen Loomis, president of Cleveland Police Patrolmen’s Association lift it it the the RNC but I want him to the RNC outlaw    in Cuyahoga County until this RNC the RNC the RNC "    " open carry " gun laws in Ohio allow for licensed firearm owners to wear their weapons in licensed firearm owners . With the exception of a small " secure zone " inside and around the Quicken Loans Arena , residents , delegates and protesters are legally permitted to walk around the city     including within its 1 . the city     square mile regulated " event zone "     with any firearm not explicitly banned by the state . Kasich , responding to the request , said : " Ohio governors do not have the power to arbitrarily suspend federal and state constitutional rights or state laws as suggested . " " The bonds between our communities and police must be reset and rebuilt     as we ’re doing our Ohio     so Ohio communities and officers can both be safe . Everyone has an important role to play in that renewal , " he said . Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin , who will attend and speak at the RNC , backed Kasich during an appearance Monday on CNN ’s " New Day . " " The governor just ca n’t automatically just do away with open carry , " she said . The governor There ’s a constitution , there ’s statutes , there ’s laws and he has to The governor those . . .. I take the police union ’s concerns very seriously .   But the governor does The governor , according to him , the executive The governor to do that . "    Cleveland on edge as Republicans arrive for convention , Loomis also said officers here would begin ramping up inspections and oversight over anyone who is holstering a weapon entering the downtown area , where the Republican convention is scheduled to begin on Monday . " We are going to be looking very , very hard at anyone who has an open carry , " he said . " Loomis    a shotgun , multiple handguns . It ’s irresponsible of those folks     especially right now     to be coming downtown with open carry AR ’s or anything else . I could n’t care less if it ’s legal or not . We are constitutional law enforcement , we love the Constitution We support it and defend it the Constitution but you the Constitution n’t go into a crowded theater and scream fire . And that ’s exactly what they ’re doing by bringing those guns down there . " Tennis balls bounced from Cleveland ’event zone’     but not guns , The first key test for law enforcement comes Monday , as the convention opens , when Citizens for Trump and Black on Black Crime , Inc. which has marched in the past with Black Lives    protestors , are among the many groups that are set to protest .   Citizens for Trump is scheduled to Trump a rally expected to attract more than a thousand people to Settler ’s Landing Park , less than a mile from where Republican delegates will be gathering at the Quicken Loans Arena . " We ’ve hired special CNN teams for security , " the group ’s executive CNN Selaty , told CNN last week , declining to specify who would provide that extra security . " The Secret Service is well aware of what we ’re doing and they ’re CNN to be provided The Secret Service everything they need to work in tandem The Secret Service the local local law enforcement . " Alfred Porter Jr. president of Black Porter alter a CNN demonstration Monday in Cleveland ’s downtown Public Square . " Nothing has changed because I still feel the same way , our message will still be the same , " Porter said on Sunday afternoon . " We refuse to let anybody who has a simplistic or violent or hateful message stop the type of message our we have been sending out for accountability . Our message is not to go out there and start murdering our officers . " Black Lives Matter activist our message , who is not in Cleveland , told CNN , " The movement began as a response to violence and a call to end violence . And that call remains as true today as they did yesterday and it will tomorrow . " The Cleveland Police Department a call to end violence immediately respond to request for comment . Convention CEO Jeff Larson said that organizers remained confident in the security measures currently in place and did not expect Kasich to take any new action . " The open carry laws in Ohio have n’t changed recently , it ’s been in effect for quite some time , they ’ve had a number of big events that have taken The open carry laws in Ohio with open carry without any issues , " he The open carry laws in Ohio reporters Sunday afternoon . " They ’ve been planning their security around that issue . " The union has Convention CEO Jeff Larson reached out to Police Chief Calvin The open carry laws in Ohio , asking that The open carry laws in Ohio     some of whom have been positioned alone and without vehicles     be grouped together on their patrols , especially outside of the downtown security zones . " We ’re going to be doing things differently ( vehicles     today ’s attack ) , " Loomis said . " Right now , the chief of police thinks it ’s a good idea to have one officer without a car standing at a post in various intersections all around the chief of police city ? Thirty blocks from downtown ? I had a guy last night standing out there by himself without the benefit of protection of a police car . Or partner . That is absolute insanity to me . a guy last night standing out there by himself without the benefit of protection of a police car is no reason for that . We are going to demand that the police chief     at a minimum     make sure that we have three officers working together , watching each other ’s backs . " 
 We 