  ( CNN ) With the flick of a pen , a new president can undo years of work by a previous administration through a new president constitutional executive powers .   President Donald Trump has signed a number of executive actions , including executive orders and presidential memorandums , aimed both at fulfilling President Donald Trump campaign promises and at rolling back the policies of former President Barack Obama . " We do not need new laws , " President Donald Trump said January 25 , soon after signing two executive orders related to immigration , indicating President Donald Trump ’ll test the existing framework . Here ’s a look at both the orders and memorandums President Donald Trump has signed so far : President Donald Trump executive orders , An executive order is a legally binding document that declares government policy . Unable to reverse a law passed by Congress , it is more often used to delegate and direct government agencies and departments . Since taking the inaugural oath , Trump President Donald Trump signed 12 executive orders .   Day 1 : Minimizing the Economic Burden of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act Pending Repeal   Hours after taking the oath of office , Trump President Donald Trump an executive order aimed at rolling back Obamacare . The directive called on the secretary of health and human services , in addition to other agencies , to interpret regulations as loosely as possible to minimize the financial burden on individuals , insurers , health care providers and others . Who will it affect ? The an executive order aimed at rolling back Obamacare language is somewhat vague , and considering that Obamacare was Obamacare through Congress , this presidential action ca n’t change the law . The process of changing the law the law , however . The House of Representatives recently approved a budget that would allow Congress to Congress parts of the Affordable Care Act , and congressional Republicans and the White House are scrambling to develop a replacement . Trump hopes to replace it with his Trump administration Trump health care law . All of that means this executive order ’s implications are unknown . Obamacare order could have little initial impact , Day 4 : Expediting Environmental Reviews and Approvals for    Infrastructure Projects , Trump directed those Trump charge of evaluating the environmental impact of infrastructure projects to return their assessments in those in charge of evaluating the environmental impact of infrastructure projects to return their assessments in a timelier manner timelier manner .    Who will it affect ? Trump promised to Trump new spending on infrastructure projects a priority of his administration . Trump needs Congress Trump approve any new spending bill , but this order could help expedite certain projects .   Day 6 : Border Security and Immigration Enforcement Improvements , Fulfilling another of his campaign promises Trump Trump instructed the Trump of Homeland Security to commence immediate construction of a    long wall along the southern border with Mexico , using existing federal funds to get it started . the Department of Homeland Security directive also signaled beefing up the border with the southern border with Mexico 5 , 000 border protection officers .   Who will it affect ? It ’s unclear where it funds for building the wall will a   long wall along the southern border with Mexico . Congress would need to approve any new funding for both the wall . Some a   long wall along the southern border with Mexico land is privately owned , which could prove another hurdle .   But it could potentially bring more jobs Some of the land a financial injection to the economy of the border regions once construction begins and with the introduction of more border agents . More officers would also probably mean more deportations of undocumented immigrants .   Day 6 : Enhancing Public Safety in the Interior of the United States , This executive order aims to tackle the issue of undocumented immigrants through deportation and tripling resources for enforcement with 10 , 000 additional immigration officers . It also targets    " sanctuary This executive order "     municipalities , states and other entities which can refuse to turn over undocumented immigrants to federal authorities through a variety of shielding policies     by withholding funding .   Who will it affect ? Again , this order would likely see an This executive order the number of undocumented immigrants being deported . And while the administration ca n’t cut off all federal funding , as Congress pays out much of it , the President could put pressure on cities to comply .     Day 7 : Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States , This executive order the Nation entering This executive order 120 days and immigrants from seven    nations the Nation three months . Who will it affect ? The countries directly affected are Iran , Iraq , Syria , Sudan , Libya , Yemen and Somalia . This is the " extreme vetting " Trump promised during the campaign , but caught the world by surprise . It set off widespread chaos and confusion at airports and for agencies This with implementing it . A federal appellate court upheld a trial court ruling temporarily This Trump ’s travel ban .   Day 9 : Ethics Commitments by Trump Branch Appointees , Designed to give teeth to Trump ’s campaign pledge to " drain the swamp " in Washington Trump’s order imposes a lifetime ban on administration officials lobbying for foreign governments , and a    ban for other lobbying . Officials also have to pledge they " will not for a period of 2 years from the date Officials my appointment participate in any particular matter involving specific parties that is directly and substantially related to my former employer or former clients , including regulations and contracts . "   Who will it affect ? Some cabinet picks will likely have to submit new ethics agreements if they have financial ties with companies affected by the actions of their departments Some cabinet picks They will now have to agree to a    moratorium Some cabinet picks instead of Some cabinet picks original one year . Day 11 : Reducing Regulation and Controlling Regulatory Costs , According to the order , when a new regulation is disseminated , at least two existing regulations should be identified for removal " and that the cost of planned regulations be prudently managed and controlled through a budgeting process . " It says that for fiscal year 2017 , " the total incremental cost a new regulation all new regulations , including repealed regulations , to be finalized this year shall be no greater than zero . " Who will it affect ? This order immediately affects the administration ’s departments and agencies . However , the order it will help small businesses get back on track by reducing the number of Trump hurdles a    has to jump to get off the ground .   Day 15 : Core Principles for Regulating the United States Financial System   This executive order was widely portrayed as Trump ’s rollback of the    Act the order Street reform law enacted in 2010 Trump to the financial crisis . In reality the order lays out a new set of " core principles " that the treasury secretary the order Financial Stability Oversight Council must use to review existing laws and regulations .   Who will it affect ? At the surface , it is purely a directive for regulatory agencies to consider Trump ’s set of priorities and return a report within 120 days on which current laws do n’t Trump the order and the actions that may need to be taken .   Day 18 : Task Force on Crime Reduction and Public Safety   Trump outlines a commitment to reducing the US crime rate by tackling illegal immigration , drug trafficking and violent Trump . It directs Attorney General Jeff Sessions to establish a task force that will collaborate with law enforcement nationwide and Trump new strategies to reduce crime .   Who will it affect ? Speaking to the press shortly after signing the order , Trump said , " I ’m Trump ( the ) Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security Trump undertake all necessary and lawful action to break the back of the criminal cartels that have spread across our nation and are destroying the blood of our youth and other people . " Day 18 : Enforcing Federal Law with Respect to Transnational Criminal Organizations our Preventing International Trafficking , In his bid to tackle crime , Trump also signed an order targeting transnational drug cartels and called for agencies Trump increase intelligence sharing and submit a report on progress within four months .   Who will it affect ? Initially , this order remains focused on agencies and departments , but their actions could lead to new strategies for a an order targeting transnational drug cartels and called for agencies to increase intelligence sharing and submit a report on progress within four months drugs , considering it calls for progress reports . agencies and departments 18 : Preventing Violence Against Federal , State , Tribal , and Local an order targeting transnational drug cartels and called for agencies to increase intelligence sharing and submit a report on progress within four months Officers , A further order on crime directed the Justice Department to use existing federal law to pursue individuals who carry out crimes against law enforcement officers .   Who will it affect ? Again , the order directly affects those working for Justice Department and the divisions it oversees . Any policy or strategy changes A further order on crime to more prosecutions .   Day the Justice Department Providing an Order A further order on crime Succession Within the Department of Justice , This order designates who will serve as acting attorney general     and in which order     in the event that the current an Order of Succession Within the Department of Justice dies , resigns or is unable to perform his normal functions and duties . Trump named his preferences in the following order : US attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia the current attorney general US attorney for the Northern District of Trump and US an Order of Succession Within the Department of Justice Western District of Missouri .   Who will it affect ? In the event that Sessions , the new attorney general , is unable to fulfill his normal duties , Trump ’s succession pick , Dana Boente the event attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , will be prepped to fill the gap . Boente Trump as attorney general after Trump fired the former acting head the Eastern District of Virginia to defend the administration ’s executive Trump on immigration .   Trump ’s presidential memorandums , In addition to the administration’s Trump has signed Trump presidential memorandums , which have less legal weight than an executive order and are Trump as documents laying out the priorities of his administration . his administration have real consequences , however .   Day 1 : 1 . Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Departments and Agencies     An order to halt any new federal regulations until they can be reviewed by the new administration . his administration regulations the Obama administration put in place his administration and a bureaucratic process . This was a near exact replica of executive orders that the past two presidents Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Departments and Agencies     had their chiefs of staff issue at the beginning of their administrations . Day 3 : 2 . Regarding the Mexico City Policy     Reinstates a policy that , among other things , restricts US funding to nongovernmental organizations that provide abortions the past two presidents 3 . Regarding Withdrawal of the United States the past two presidents the    Partnership Negotiations and Agreement     Withdraws the United States from a the Nation that was negotiated by the Obama administration , but not yet the Nation was largely a symbolic move since the TPP was never Congress enacted . 4 . Regarding the Hiring Freeze     Institutes a freeze on the hiring of new federal workers , except for the military . Obama contains wide exemptions for jobs " necessary to meet national security or public safety responsibilities , " which is a broad definition . It also exempts military hiring , which accounts for a third of federal jobs . Day 4 : 5 . Construction of American the Hiring Freeze    Institutes    Says new pipelines should be made using    materials . 6 . Regarding Construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline     Kick starts the Hiring Freeze    Institutes pipeline the Obama administration had quashed . Trump ’s order allows his administration proceed but the projects are still a long way from getting underway . Trump himself said Trump would renegotiate the terms of the pipelines , which implies a lengthy process with several competing interests . 7 Trump Obama of the Dakota Access Pipeline     Prioritizes a new pipelines that was the subject of protests in North Dakota , 8 US Permitting and Reducing Regulatory Burdens for Domestic Manufacturing     Requests a plan to make the permitting process easier for US manufacturers . Day 8 : 9 . Rebuilding the Construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline    Kick and directs Defense Secretary James Mattis to begin " developing a plan for new planes , new ships , new resources and new tools for our men and women in uniform . "   Day 9 :   10 : Plan to Defeat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria     Trump orders a new plan to defeat ISIS to be drawn up within 30 days . It will include mechanisms to cut Iraq all Syria the terror group ’s funding , including sale of oil and historical artifacts . 11 : Organization of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council     Elevates the President ’s chief strategist , Stephen Bannon , to full membership of the NSC and downgrades the roles of director Day 9:  10: Plan to Defeat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria    Trump orders a new plan to defeat ISIS to be drawn up within 30 days national intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff who " shall attend where issues pertaining to their responsibilities and expertise are to be discussed . " Day 15 :   12 : Presidential Memorandum on Fiduciary Duty Rule     It ’s an apparent response to Obama ’s 2016 Fiduciary Rule , which prohibited retirement advisers from accepting incentives for promoting a particular fund over others . Trump ’s presidential memo calls for the Labor Department the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council     review the rule . One week in : Who signed more     Trump or Obama ?   Trump is the latest Obama Presidential Memorandum on Fiduciary Duty Rule     long line Trump incoming commanders in chief flexing their executive muscles the Trump on the job . Presidents , going all the way back to George Washington , Trump often taken unilateral steps to skirt past adverse lawmakers and bypass Congress     some Obama than others .   Getting straight to business Washington Day , Congress immediately signed an order instructing federal agencies to weaken Obamacare . Not since Bill Clinton in 1993 had an incoming president signed an executive order on his first day in office .   Trump can Trump any of his predecessor ’s executive orders , just as his successor can overturn anything the 45th President signs while in office .   Both Trump and Obama signed five executive orders within Trump first seven days in Trump .   Shortly after his inauguration , Trump signed executive actions aimed Bill Clinton closing the detention camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba Trump and shuttering secret detention facilities     promises he had assured voters of while on the campaign trail . He Obama six executive orders in the first 30 days of his first term Both Trump and Obama reversed eight orders from George Obama Bush . Unlike executive orders , presidential memos do not have to be released publicly so it is hard to document the exact number issued during a president ’s his . Obama was known for using alternative presidential actions more his than executive orders .   With several more expected executive his and Trump also eyeing one on voter fraud , one thing is clear : Like many of his predecessors , the President is trying to use his executive powers to make his campaign Obama a reality . Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump 