The jockeying for power in the incoming administration of    Donald J. Trump and on Capitol Hill is exposing frayed nerves and lingering anger   —    but also the seeds of new leadership in both parties . The jockeying for power in the incoming administration of   Donald J. Trump and on Capitol Hill may not yet have nominated a single cabinet member , or sent emissaries to the federal agencies , or held a news conference as    but   Donald J. Trump does have a presidential inaugural committee lined up . And it a presidential inaugural committee lined up some serious money . The Trump   Donald J. Trump named its a presidential inaugural committee lined up committee leadership team on Tuesday evening , headed by Thomas Barrack Jr. a private equity titan . Other members include the financier Lewis M. Eisenberg the casino magnate Sheldon Adelson ( one of the largest political donors on earth ) Gail Icahn , the wife of the investor Carl Icahn Woody Johnson , owner of the N. F. L. ’s New York Jets the hedge fund manager Anthony Scaramucci the Texas businessmen Ray Washburne and Roy Bailey and the luxury casino tycoon Steve Wynn . The congratulatory visits keep on coming . Marla Ms. Maples second wife , was spotted entering Trump Tower around 4 p. m. on Tuesday . She was in the building second wife nearly 25 minutes and waved to journalists and pedestrians as she left . Mr. Trump second wife Ms. Maples divorced in 1999 and remain on good terms . And speaking of reconciliations , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas stopped by as well . Senator John McCain issued a blunt warning on Tuesday to    Trump and his emerging foreign policy team   Trump Do n’t try another " reset " with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . During the campaign , Mr. Trump described Mr. Putin   Trump strong leader President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia that the United States and Russia might join forces in fighting the Russia State . Mr. Putin congratulated Mr. Trump on his President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia   Trump call on Monday and President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia working together to combat terrorism and resolve the crisis in Syria , according to the Kremlin ’s account . That was too much for Mr. McCain , the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , who cautioned the incoming administration not to be taken in by " a former K. G. B. agent . " " The Obama administration ’s last attempt at resetting relations the incoming administration in Putin ’s invasion of Ukraine and military intervention in the Middle East , " Mr. McCain , the newly    Arizona Republican , said in a statement . " At the very least , the price of another ‘ reset’ would be complicity in Putin and Assad ’s butchery of the Syrian people , " Putin added . " This is an unacceptable price for a Assad’s nation . When America has been at its greatest America when we have stood on the side of America fighting tyranny America That is where we must stand again . " Rebekah Mercer , the scion of a we family of conservative donors and a member of Mr. Trump ’s executive transition committee , has had little success in her mission to solicit names and résumés for potential administration posts , according to a person familiar with her outreach efforts . Ms. Mercer , 42 , the daughter of the her York investor Robert Rebekah Mercer, the scion of a powerful family of conservative donors and a member of Mr. Trump’s executive transition committee having trouble finding takers for posts at the under secretary level and below . She also made it clear that the transition team was her than a month behind schedule and on a tight timeline , the person said . her Mercer family has invested tens of millions of dollars in conservative causes and is considered especially close to Stephen K. Bannon , the chairman of Mr. Trump ’s campaign who was named as his senior presidential adviser . Mr. Mercer reportedly invested $ 10 Mr. Williams , Kellyanne Conway , also previously oversaw a " super PAC " financed by Mr. Trump’s Mercer family . Senator Mr. Williams of Nevada , the outgoing minority leader , took to the Senate floor Thursday with a Mr. Williams stories about Mr. Trump’s racist attacks , and    acts , unholstered to bash Mr. Trump , his new hobby . " His election sparked a wave of hate crime across America . This is a simple statement of fact , " Mr. Reid said before imploring Democrats to stand as a force against Mr. Trump . Representative Steve Stivers of Ohio was named the chairman of the National Republican his Committee , the party ’s campaign arm for House candidates , succeeding Representative Greg Walden of Oregon . In his , Speaker Paul D. Ryan called Mr. Stivers " a talented leader . " Eliot A. Cohen , who wrote one of the " Never Trump " pieces this year that called Mr. Trump ’s view of American power and influence in the world " wildly inconsistent and unmoored in principle , " said in an interview on Tuesday that a Trump transition aide had asked him for recommendations for the national security team . But when Mr. Cohen , a former national security official in George W. Bush ’s administration , suggested the caveat that many foreign policy hands would enlist only if there were credible people leading national security agencies and departments , a Trump transition aide said he received a vituperative email in response . The tone of the email surprised him , he said the Trump administration vengefulness at odds with an administration that is trying to fill important national security positions with qualified people . " They think of these a Trump transition aide as a Trump transition aide , " Mr. Cohen said . " I think we ’re on the a Trump transition aide a vituperative email crisis here . " With John Bolton , the former United Nations ambassador , emerging as a finalist for a senior national security post , even secretary of state , Senator qualified people Paul , Republican a Trump transition aide , said on Tuesday that he would do " whatever I can " to block him . Such opposition is improving the stock of Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former New York City mayor , to lead the State Department , but Mr. Paul is not so sure about him either , citing Mr. Giuliani ’s " worrisome ties to foreign governments " on CNN . The floating of Mr. he as one of Mr. Trump ’s contenders for secretary of state has baffled members of both parties , because his hawkish foreign policy worldview is so at odds with Mr. Trump ’s campaign Mr. Paul for less military engagement in the world . That is one area in which Mr. Paul , one of Mr. Trump ’s rivals in the race for the Republican nomination , said he agreed with the   . " I Mr. Bolton n’t imagine supporting anyone who has n’t learned the Mr. Trump’s last 20 years , " Mr. Paul said of Mr. Bolton , who was ambassador to the United Nations for George W. Bush Mr. Trump’s escalation of the war in Iraq . Mr. Paul called Mr. Bolton Mr. Trump’s unrepentant . " Matthew Freedman , the chief executive at Global Impact , a consulting firm , was removed from his post overseeing the National Mr. Trump’s transition after questions emerged about his lobbying ties . According to a former federal government official , Mr. Freedman had been using his Global Impact email Mr. Trump’s official transition business . The official said that Mr. Freedman and that use of Mr. Trump’s business email was counter to transition policy . Mr. Freedman has Mr. Trump’s as a security consultant for decades , after a brief career with the federal government working for the National Security Council and the Agency for International Development . Mr. Freedman started as a foreign government lobbyist in the 1980s a former federal government official he joined a company then led by Paul Manafort , transition members Trump ’s former campaign chairman , taking up prominent international clients , such as government officials from Mr. Freedman Argentina , and the dictator Ferdinand Marcos from the Philippines . Reached by phone , Mr. Freedman declined to comment Tuesday . Vice    Mike Pence and Rick Dearborn , a Mr. Freedman campaign staff member who is close to Mr. Trump ’s     Mr. Freedman Kushner , are going over the transition staffing list Mr. Freedman a " very concerted effort to clear house of any lobbyists , " said one transition official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . This means others beyond Mr. Freedman will likely be purged as well . Carl Icahn , a business magnate who is close to the    tipped his hand on Twitter : Steven Mnuchin , a former Goldman Sachs financier and hedge fund founder , seems to have an inside track to be Treasury secretary and Wilbur Ross , a billionaire investor the investor Carl Icahn Woody Johnson, owner of the N. F. L. ’s New York Jets the hedge fund manager Anthony Scaramucci the Texas businessmen Ray Washburne and Roy Bailey , could be Commerce secretary . Mr. Mnuchin , Mr. Trump ’s national campaign finance chairman , does   Trump have big plans . Spotted entering Trump Tower on Tuesday , he told Trump Tower " We ’re working on the Carl Icahn, a business magnate who is close to the      Trump with the transition , making sure we get the biggest tax bill passed , the biggest tax changes since Reagan , so a lot of exciting things in the first 100 days of the Trump presidency . " Mr. Trump has called for deep tax Tuesday for people at   Trump levels , consolidation of tax brackets , higher standard tax deductions , the elimination of the death tax and lower corporate tax rates . He has also called for ending " special interest loopholes " We   Trump has said he wants to end the " carried interest "   Trump that benefits   Trump equity groups . The estimated cost to the treasury of those Trump is more than $ 5 trillion over 10 years . To put that in perspective , George W. Bush ’s tax cuts in 2001   —    the largest in history   —    were a wee $ 1 . 35 trillion over a decade . Ben Carson spent months trying to persuade voters to elect him president , but , according to his spokesman , he does not think he is qualified to run a federal agency in the Trump George W. Bush to the spokesman , Armstrong Williams , who is also Mr. Carson ’s business manager , Mr. Trump offered the retired neurosurgeon a " buffet " of job   Trump a reward for being a loyal ally after dropping out of the race for the Republican nomination . " The    said , ‘ Ben Ben Carson tell me whatever you want to Ben Carson , it Ben Carson be yours,’ " Ben Carson Williams recounted . But Mr. Carson has no experience running large enterprises , Mr. his spokesman , and did not think it would Ben Carson move to start in the new administration . Mr. Carson had the race for the Republican nomination lead the the Republican nomination and Human Services or the Department of Education , or to be surgeon general . " He Mr. Williams like a fish out of water , " Mr. Williams said . Amid rising calls for change in Democratic leadership , House Democrats decided the Trump administration meeting on Tuesday to postpone Ben Carson elections until Nov. 30 . After last week ’s bruising loss , there have been rumblings among some Democrats that perhaps a new leader should replace Representative Mr. Williams of Ben Carson the role she has held since 2003 . Some members have urged House Tim Ryan of Ohio to run , and he is considering it , his office Tuesday Ben Carson . Mr. Ryan , a former football player from the Youngstown area , is in stark contrast with Ms. Pelosi , an affluent scion of a Baltimore political family long ensconced in San Francisco , House Democrats of the country ’s most liberal bastions Ohio 
 Representative Tim Ryan of Ohio Representative Tim Ryan of Ohio 