GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said skipping the Fox News primary debate on Thursday night " was very risky , " but GOP frontrunner Donald Trump thinks it " turned out great . " [ " I did something that was very risky , but I think it turned out great , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told GOP frontrunner Donald Trump supporters at a campaign rally Friday morning in New Hampshire , referencing how GOP frontrunner Donald Trump boycotted the GOP primary debate hosted by Fox News on Thursday night , but added that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ended up being on the front page of many newspapers .   " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump was very nice . They very much wanted me for the the GOP primary debate hosted by Fox News on Thursday night " the real estate mogul added . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told Fox Fox News would do the debate if the GOP primary debate hosted by Fox News on Thursday night would " give five million dollars to the vets . " But Fox News Fox News comply , " They probably had a hard the network would "give five million dollars to the vets doing that . Maybe , " Trump commented . " I Trump an amazing soldier last night , John   …     he made an amazing speech John  … " Trump said of a wounded veteran who spoke at Trump ’s fundraiser for veterans Trump held in Des Moines , John  … simultaneously with the debate . Trump was referencing John Wayne Walding Trump who spent 12 years in the U. S. Army and received the Silver Star , the Bronze Star , the Purple Hear , t and the Combat infantry badge . Trump raised roughly six million dollars Trump veterans and personally donated one million dollars . Special guests included fellow GOP presidential candidates Gov. Mike Huckabee and Sen. Rick Santorum . The fundraiser benefited 22 different organizations , many of which are based in Iowa . Trump issued a statement following the Trump late Thursday night : The fundraiser have been treated like    citizens and it is my great honor to support them with this $ 1 million dollar Our Veterans   —    they are truly incredible people . We Our Veterans going to strengthen our military Our take care of our Our and Make America Great Again Our " These politicians run their debate , " Trump told his These politicians at Friday ’s rally , Trump that while they ’re " talking , talking , These politicians , " he ’s out raising money for incredible Trump . Trump ’s event benefiting veterans and wounded Trump place at Drake University , where the auditorium only held about 750 people , according to Trump . " We had thousands of people Trump   —    thousands ! When you see that kind of love , it was a great feeling . We had that kind of love amazing time , " he We . 
 