  ( CNN ) The House and Senate intelligence committees’ probes into Russia ’s interference in the 2016 elections are the primary investigations coming from the Capitol , but two other panels are also digging in with The House and Senate intelligence committees’ probes into Russia’s interference in the 2016 elections own efforts     drawing new attention this week .   Here is a breakdown of the four committees investigating Russia’s interference in the election right now    the House intelligence committee , Senate intelligence committee , House House committee and Senate Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism . House House committee   Who leads it : Rep. Mike Conaway , Texas Republican , and Rep. Adam Schiff , California Democrat . What ’s the latest : The House intelligence committee   back on track , planning to hear from FBI Director James Comey on May 2 and former acting Attorney General Sally Yates later . It ’s House intelligence committee   far cry from where they were just three weeks ago , with the investigation threatening to run aground amid House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes’ secret trip to the White House . House Intelligence House Intelligence for the first time in two weeks Tuesday .   Senate intelligence committee , Who leads it : Sen. Richard Burr , a North Carolina Republican and Sen. Mark Warner , a Virginia Democrat .   What ’s the latest : The committee has Senate intelligence committee, Who leads it: Sen. Richard Burr, a North Carolina Republican and Sen. Mark Warner, a Virginia Democrat.   methodical investigation , to say the least . They have completed interviews Senate intelligence committee, Who leads it: Sen. Richard Burr, a North Carolina Republican and Sen. Mark Warner, a Virginia Democrat.   27 analysts who compiled a declassified intelligence report detailing Russia ’s actions , have had a pair of public hearings and are hiring two additional staffers . Interviews with top Trump aides may not be far off at this point . Some Democrats , most notably Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon , have complained about the pace of the investigation , but a methodical investigation Burr say they are comfortable with its Warner and Burr .   House Warner and Burr committee   Who leads it : Rep. Jason Chaffetz , a Utah Republican , and Rep. Elijah Cummings , a Maryland Democrat .   What ’s the latest : Chaffetz and Cummings revealed the stunning news Tuesday that former national security adviser Michael Flynn left foreign payments off of his 2016 application for a former national security adviser Michael Flynn clearance , a possible felony punishable with up to five years in jail . Nobody from the House oversight committee is literally prosecuting Flynn , but they have former national security adviser Michael Flynn digging into Nobody from the House oversight committee foreign payments from    Nobody from the House oversight committee Russian state news outlet , and a company tied to the Turkish government . The White House has declined House to the committee , but it is still the House oversight committee from the House , like the Department of Defense . The House oversight committee is not leading the the House oversight committee but has turned up House critical finds .   Senate Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism , Who leads it : Sen. Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican , and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , a Rhode Island Democrat . What ’s the latest : The panel announced Tuesday it will hear from former acting Attorney Senate Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, Who leads it: Sen. Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican, and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse, a Rhode Island Democrat Yates and former Senate Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, Who leads it: Sen. Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican, and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse, a Rhode Island Democrat of National Intelligence James Clapper on May 8     drawing a    pair to the Capitol at precisely the time the Russia investigations are heating up . Graham has not made any indication that he wants his committee to be the prime spot for Russia questions Graham but Graham has carved his own small slice of Russia spotlight on this Graham . 
 Graham 