LOS ANGELES   —    LOS ANGELES   ’s got to be one of the best jobs in Hollywood : Sit around all day dreaming up fantasy political scenarios that are either so     crazy or wishfully idealistic   —    plotlines that could never play out in real life   —    that they provide the sort of escapist television viewers crave . Then came Campaign 2016 , the Nov. 8 results and , finally , President Donald J. Trump . Suddenly , the writers who work on political television shows were competing less with one another and more with real life , because of a president who transformed the writers who work on political television shows seemingly escapist scripts into something resembling nonfiction   —    and scrambled the traditional notions of political cause and effect that they tended to base they drama upon . ( A leaked tape with lewd comments from a male candidate about grabbing a woman ’s genitals ? No problem ! ) The New York Times gathered some of the nation ’s leading political dramatists for a cathartic group therapy session on the CBS Studio Center lot here last month . Gathered were Shonda Rhimes , creator of the ABC hit " Scandal , " whose stories seem to be the stuff of a political fever dream Frank Pugliese and Melissa James Gibson , the showrunners of " House of Cards , " whose    and bald aggression present a     view of political machinations that would never take place out in the open Barbara Hall , the creator of " Madam Secretary , " the more optimistic CBS drama , which was able to stay a step ahead of real life and David Mandel , of " Veep , " which came up with such truly absurd scenarios that you could n’t imagine These professionals happening . These professionals had never met one another before . But as soon as These professionals convened in a stark conference room here , right near where " Gilligan ’s Island " was filmed , These professionals immediately bonded over These professionals shared situations . There were the scripts that had to be ripped up at the last minute the amazement at how politics , entertainment and journalism have blended together and the challenges of making how politics, entertainment and journalism have blended together fiction outstrip reality . And when all the gabbing was done there was an even more daunting prospect : Next season . ( The following are edited excerpts from the conversation . ) " House of Cards " sometimes seems to have a good sense of where national politics are heading , and I know you have very    political strategists advising your team . Did you get    intel on where the election would wind up ? FRANK PUGLIESE ( ‘ HOUSE OF CARDS’ ) No , not on Trump winning . But even starting Season 3 , we were talking a little bit about a notion of some tyrannical force and some populism and what that would mean . we had this idea of America Works [ the major jobs program of President Frank Underwood , the conniving politician played by Kevin Spacey ] and it was in the air already . It seemed like an impossible possibility , but It was n’t like we were n’t flirting with It we . For " Veep , " do you have to worry what happens in the real world as much ?   DAVID MANDEL ( ‘ VEEP’ ) You do and you do n’t . For we , we spend a tremendous amount of time thinking up the worst things a politician can say or do . we have a story line where [ Selina Meyer , the show ’s protagonist , played by Julia   ] is now an    and trying to build    library . And nobody particularly wants a Selina Meyer Library . a Selina Meyer Library ends up in the Republic of Georgia , doing some election monitoring , and two guys offer a Selina Meyer Library money for a Selina Meyer Library if she a Selina Meyer Library see the election in a certain way . And that just seemed like that ’s about the worst thing you could think of to do , that makes her a Selina Meyer Library horrible , hopefully in a funny way . But now we just look like geniuses or something .   When did you script that ? MANDEL May or June last year . Even before this , all your shows had little elements that presaged some of what we are seeing , right ? SHONDA RHIMES ( ‘ SCANDAL’ ) : We had the Hollis Doyle character [ a Machiavellian oil tycoon turned presidential candidate ] who we We up as the craziest person to ever run for president . He the Hollis Doyle character [ very   . We We the Russian problem , too . Our We woman was supposed to start speaking Russian Russian and you were supposed to understand that the Russians were trying to undermine the the United States the election . And all of the sudden I realized we We to rebreak the entire back half of our We and turn it into something else the entire back half of our season MELISSA JAMES GIBSON ( ‘ HOUSE OF CARDS’ ) Wow . RHIMES No matter what we We , the audience is going think we We the news . And you do n’t want to look like you ’re ripping from the headlines ? RHIMES No ! In " Madam Secretary , " which plays off current events a bit more , are you trying to write closer to the news ? For the news you seemed to predict the United    nuclear agreement that came to pass . BARBARA HALL ( ‘ MADAM SECRETARY’ ) A little bit . But we We set a little bit in the future . That ’s how the Iranian peace deal came about , because we We just starting to talk with Iran , and we We , let ’s We to the most dramatic possible conclusion . We We have a    peace agreement and the Iranian president will come here . That ’s not exactly what happened , but it was close enough that we We of ran up against the headlines . And now the challenge for any show that ’s trying not to write the news , or to stay ahead of the news , is how the news do that ? Everything is happening so fast that by the time you break it and write it , you do find yourself it to change it if you ’re trying to it ahead . Before last year , had you ever seen a political environment that was this unpredictable , so much so that you had to worry ? PUGLIESE What we ’re competing with to a certain extent are the    news channels . To me , it ’s the nature PUGLIESE writing a TV show , that you ’re satisfying and dissatisfying the audience . You ’re frustrating them and creating a certain amount the audience anxiety and trying to keep things unresolved to keep the story going . And what ’s tough is suddenly we have    news channels doing that with their own political figures . But more with Trump than anything else , right ? PUGLIESE Trump is as frustrating and Trump irreconcilable as any TV character . In a way he is probably the ultimate bad dad Trump You think about " The Sopranos , " Don Draper [ on " Mad Men " ] . And now he ’s in the White House , Trump just the house down the street . GIBSON When I look at him I see I see this     Trump man in a bit of a panic about the world changing around him , and he ’s just fighting this    white man hard to this    white man on to borders and really all these outmoded notions .   That ’s the opposite of Frank , right ? Because Frank is trying to control the world Frank a very methodical way the world Right . GIBSON Frank comes from within the system , Frank has arrived from without , and they both have an interesting relationship with the system . PUGLIESE And Frank interestingly tries to the system . And maybe Frank does , too . We ’ll see .   Trump , your show is the most outrageous of the ones represented at the table . Do you feel like now you need up the ante to get crazier than reality ? RHIMES Our show is basically a horror story . [ Laughter your show . We say the people in Washington are monsters and if anybody Our knew what was really going on under the covers they would freak out . So they can do anything , the people in Washington can murder people , they the people in Washington people and they get the people in Washington with everything all the the people in Washington . But that the people in Washington based on a world in which Obama was president and our audience was happy about what was going on in Washington and they felt optimistic . You can always tell any horror story our audience want to when the light is on . But now the lights are off , and now I think people do n’t want to watch horror stories , they want you to light a candle somewhere .   How people Trump supporters do you have in your audience , do you think ? RHIMES The Shondaland audience that watches all the shows [ which include " Grey ’s Anatomy " and " How to Get Away With Murder " ] ? I do n’t think any of them are , because I ’m a black , Planned    liberal feminist . I really do n’t think there ’s a ton of Trump supporters standing behind that . The shows are their own Trump ? RHIMES Yeah . But I think that The shows Scandal " is different , because it was political and it felt very unlike the other shows Scandal that sense . Scandal made it a Republican White House on purpose . I ’m always sick of watching TV and only one side gets a voice , and I thought it would be interesting to try to humanize this completely other side of the fence . Barbara , you were coming from a similar place , I would assume ? HALL No , not really . I wanted to create a show where people could talk about politics in a way that was n’t so polarized and polarizing . Because even three years ago I felt the discussions were so polarized . We were doing foreign policy , which is not as    partisan as domestic policy is . Most people form opinions about foreign policy after the fact . So when an international event occurs , it becomes problem solving   —    let ’s get the an international event nukes back and then we ’ll talk We how we stand on this issue . So we delayed identifying political we in our show , and then we found that we never did we . People can sort we begin to we what the State Department does and what the inner workings of the government really look the United States choosing a side . Because you guys are on CBS , a broadcast network , do you feel we have to nod a little bit more at the Trump supporter in your writing ? HALL We do n’t really Trump . Again , the show is about pulling the we back on the State Department and your show . Dave , on "Veep Veep " you ’re the State Department I MANDEL the new guy , I joined last year , and when Armando Iannucci created last year he very much avoided identifying any party . If you actually tried to track Selina Selina Meyer positions , it Armando Iannucci all over the place . She Selina Meyer from both sides . In D. C. both sides assume that Selina Selina Meyer all the people that are working for her Selina Meyer —    especially the both sides people   —    are the other side . RHIMES You ’ve never identified her Selina Meyer ? MANDEL Never MANDEL RHIMES I always thought , oh , it ’s clearly Republican . I any party was identified . That ’s fascinating RHIMES MANDEL That MANDEL said , the decision to take her Selina Meyer of the it House and have her Selina Meyer a former president the White House States occurred basically two years ago , when I first was sitting down to talk with Julia Julia   taking the job ,      pre any of this stuff . But I have never been more happy to not be in the White House right now . From the moment Sean Spicer appeared the White House just been sort of like , ‘ That ’s Mike McLintock [ Selina ’s bumbling press secretary ] from ‘ Veep’ ! " In some ways he makes McLintock look pretty good at his job . I am quite happy that we ’re avoiding some of the    similarities . As [Selina’s bumbling press secretary] from ‘Veep’!" writers , are n’t you guys [Selina’s bumbling press secretary] from ‘Veep’!" to jump on whatever is the event du jour ? MANDEL No MANDEL because we ’re not a du jour show . If I ’m " Saturday Night Live , " that ’s the beauty of it . It happens on Wednesday , you see it Saturday . If it happens on Wednesday and you see it eight months later , you ’re it spoiled cheese . [ Laughter ] it show has never it about current Wednesday it ’s about it in general . It ’s about power . your show I heard the phrase it ’s pulling your show the curtain of what Washington is your show like , what these people are really like . They your show not the noble West Wingers , they Washington down and dirty and speak quite horrendously and crave this power . We take it from these people comedy perspective . I think you guys these people power from the drama perspective in really good ways . GIBSON What ’s interesting about Trump , though , is that he has made GIBSON text . So with a show like Trump , where GIBSON turns to the camera and he ’s in this very complicit way , letting us Frank on something , Trump just Frank —    He does it . HALL There are plenty of people in Washington Trump want to do We right thing , and I ’ve met them . So our characters are the ones Washington are the true believers . It has an aspirational quality in that way . We want to people in Washington who want to do the right thing them real and make them flawed and have them make mistakes and things our characters But what ’s driving them is something that our wish was driving people in Washington who want to do the right thing politicians . PUGLIESE people in Washington who want to do the right thing is something weird people in Washington who want to do the right thing when politics and entertainment and journalism all start to people in Washington who want to do the right thing PUGLIESE the same thing . It starts to feel a little funky .   Was " House of Cards " really born of this idea that ooh , it ’s really ugly and people know it ’s not the " The West Wing , " so let ’s cut the idealism and embrace the It ? PUGLIESE My mom ’s always It , " I always knew it was like that . PUGLIESE It Laughter ] RHIMES The one thing that " Scandal " ’s based on that ’s optimistic or aspirational is that despite every horrible thing everyone is doing , the office of the presidency itself is a sacred thing . And so whenever anybody is messing with that , that is the biggest violation . How much do you feel like you ’re competing with the show that is now American politics ? Are you having to do things in ways you would n’t have had Hillary Clinton won ? MANDEL I MANDEL sure you guys have all thought about this , but are people just so sick of it , regardless of their side , that they would much rather just watch a show set in a junkyard as opposed to anything that has this to do with people C. ? Shonda people Barbara , have you seen anything in the ratings that shows you that interest in the Trump show , especially in D. C. , is carrying over to your shows ? Or the opposite   — your show HALL The only time we got into a little bit of fatigue is when we did do an election story that went for a long time . And it was aired around the time of the election , and I did start to we people say I want this election resolved . [ Laughter ] RHIMES It ’s interesting , because right after the election there was this barrage of tweets to Kerry [ Washington ] that the election Why is n’t Olivia Pope [ the the election ’s central character , who runs the election management firm Washington fixing this ? " [ Laughter ] Was there anything your show scripted to be horrible for a character   —    like a huge , supposedly    political bungle   —    that now would n’t be much of a problem ?   MANDEL " MANDEL " was based on five years of    that constantly , for lack of a better word , whacked her back down . She had ambition , obviously , to be president , ultimately got there in a very backward way , but was constantly striving , and then whether it MANDEL "Veep" a leak or MANDEL "Veep" bad tweet or a microphone left on , was sort of whacked down by these things . And now we have entered a world where these things happen and have no effect . And in some cases pushed him further along . Barbara , did you have to make any hard changes in your arc on " these things " ? HALL No , not really Barbara But one of the things we realized was , we have an opportunity to have an election on our show that will time out well . But the problem was that we let it go on , and we we resolved who we going to be president   —    that we where we ran into fatigue . And I could n’t change it we we the problem already shot it . It we n’t hurt the ratings , it ’s just that I heard people talking we it on Twitter and things that it was a little exhausting we And then I it just it we really are taking it week it week now as we break    stories , it the hardest thing for us it trying to stay ahead of what our foreign relations are with we countries , because it are changing very quickly . we On election night we were working on Episode 7 we and we had to change course on we lot of things , and we did a the hardest thing for us is trying to stay ahead of what our foreign relations are with other countries reshoots on some of the first episodes . Can we give an example ? RHIMES Our whole we story had the Russian thing happening , and we had to we all of that stuff . And as we got towards the back half [ of the season ] we said we need to end in a more optimistic place we we had planned . But do any of you feel we if there is some new responsibility to try to communicate with Trump we or get them in your scripts ? Is there we to the idea that Hollywood is failing to speak to the wants Trump needs of the average Trump loyalist ?   RHIMES I get really Trump supporters at the concept that what came out of the election was that   —    how do I say this ?   —    impoverished people who are RHIMES of color needed more attention . I thought that was kind the election , that they might need more television . They have television . [ Laughter ] It just felt very strange to me . And I thought really , the people who really need to be spoken to are the 50 percent of they population that did not vote at all . Those are the people who need to be more engaged . If you were scripting the Trump presidency , where would you have it go from here ? What is the most dramatic thing that could happen ? PUGLIESE What Trump ’m curious about is the education of Donald Trump   —    who PUGLIESE showing up the Trump presidency try to educate him , and how they educate him , and taking advantage of that aspect of who he is as a character . RHIMES The most dramatic thing that could happen to him is transformation Donald Trump  — If he actually became a Donald Trump  — and actually became a good president , that is Donald Trump  — most dramatic , most crazy RHIMES most bizarre thing that I could imagine happening Donald Trump  — Donald Trump . HALL Donald Trump  — ’m going with education and transformation , but in my show it would be the female secretary of state Trump him there . [ Laughter ] So everyone agrees that the most your show that can happen , in classic television writing is something that would be the unexpected ? That ’s what makes the show Donald Trump  — GIBSON Subverting expectations . So , for the sake of tension , would you GIBSON scripted , for instance , stronger intraparty your show RHIMES For me ,    I would have definitely allowed [ other Republicans ] to see it as a chance to grab power . I do n’t understand everyone just quietly falling into line . If I was those guys , I would have said : " This is our chance , we can take him down , we can impeach him , we can get rid of him . Like we can appear very righteous and heroic , as opposed to being afraid of everything . " 
 our This This our our our 