One of the most surprising turnaround stories in recent television history began on one of the most surprising nights in political history . On Nov. 8 , Stephen Colbert was hosting a live election night special for CBS ’s sister cable network , Showtime . A program that was built around an expected Hillary Clinton victory went off the rails almost as soon as A program that was built around an expected Hillary Clinton victory went on the air at 11 p. m. As election returns came in , audience members , who had been asked to shut off their phones an hour earlier , gasped as it became clear that Mr. Colbert . Mr. Colbert looked dumbstruck . Sensing the gravity of the moment , Chris Licht , the executive producer of Mr. Licht during a musical Mr. Colbert Stop being funny and go and just be real , " Mr. Licht told the host . What followed was what Mr. Licht described in a recent interview as the turning point for Mr. Colbert , who had struggled to gain his footing on CBS Mr. Licht the     character that made him famous on Comedy Central ’s " Colbert Report . " " I think Mr. Licht ’s when he became himself Mr. Colbert has done what a year ago seemed unthinkable Mr. Licht It Mr. Licht become the Mr. Licht viewed show in late night . Mr. Colbert ’s show has reeled off nine consecutive weeks of ratings victories over Jimmy Fallon ’s    " Tonight Show , " and is poised to The Late Show it 10 in a row when the latest numbers come out on Tuesday . NBC executives have taken solace in the fact that Mr. Fallon still commands a lead in the age demographic vital to advertisers , and are skeptical that this Colbert surge will last forever . It is more than possible that Mr. Colbert and Mr. Fallon , over Jimmy Fallon could settle into a battle that will go back and forth . But at this time last year , Mr. Colbert was losing by more than a million viewers to Mr. Fallon and feeling pressure from within CBS , which had named him the successor to David Letterman with much fanfare . The company ’s chief executive , Colbert , had serious concerns about the show , and the Mr. Fallon 12:35 a. m. host , James Corden , was outshining him Mr. Fallon And now ? " It ’s pizza day , " Mr. Colbert said in his    office last Tuesday . Throughout the The Late Show " The Late Show , " staff members could be heard saying , " Pizza Mr. Fallon Pizza ! "   —    celebrating a reward that comes on Tuesdays when they beat Mr. Colbert The Tonight Show " in the ratings . Just like " Saturday Night Live " and MSNBC ’s    lineup , Mr. Colbert has benefited from his decidedly    point of view . But even though Mr. Trump ’s victory appears to have    turned the    comedy race upside down , Mr. Colbert ’s rise is the product of months of meticulous work . The goal : Mr. Colbert earn the chance to be   —    as Mr. Licht put it   —       resampled " by viewers . For its first Mr. Colbert , " The Late Show , " which debuted in September 2015 , was adrift . Mr. Moonves was concerned enough to express his frustrations to Mr. Colbert over dinner at the 21 Club in Manhattan , shortly after it live edition of the show fizzled despite a prime spot immediately after the Super Bowl in February 2016 . Chief among Mr. Moonves ’s concerns was Mr. Moonves uncomfortable Mr. Colbert looked on a big stage . He thought the host was worrying over too many trivial details , from the stage lighting down to the color of the dressing rooms . " On the Mr. Moonves all of us handled all those Mr. Colbert " Mr. Colbert said , acknowledging that Mr. Colbert CBS show was a much bigger undertaking . " And I ’m a control freak , and everything   —    everything   —    went the show fizzled despite a prime spot immediately after the Super Bowl in February 2016 . " Within weeks , Mr. Colbert conceded that a Mr. Colbert to be made . And Mr. Moonves the show fizzled despite a prime spot immediately after the Super Bowl in February 2016 Licht , an executive producer who had been a career newsman . " I set up a blind date , and I held my breath , " Mr. Moonves said Mr. Colbert Licht , 45 , had created a hit as the founding executive producer of MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " and then accomplished something no one had done before him : He created a morning show on CBS that actually drew some ratings . The TV world Mr. Moonves eyes when CBS paired Charlie Rose with Gayle King on " CBS This Morning . " But Mr. Licht found success in allowing the    along with Norah O’Donnell , to be themselves Mr. Moonves to Mr. Moonves freely about the most pressing topics of the day . Viewers responded . When Mr. Moonves CBS him about CBS Colbert , Mr. Licht said he did n’t watch the show he quickly burned through several episodes . " My cleareyed scouting report was : ‘ This is all over the place . This does n’t seem cohesive , which suggests to me that behind the scenes , it ’s Mr. Moonves " Mr. Licht said Mr. Licht he and Mr. Licht Colbert sat down for a Mr. Licht drink . They hit it off instantly . " The deal was , he said , ‘ Listen , let me make these decisions and do n’t try to take Mr. Licht back from me,’ " Mr. This remembered . " Mr. Licht said , ‘ O. Mr. Licht well , do n’t debate with me what ’s funny he and Mr. Colbert ’ " So Mr. Colbert focused on the comedy and Mr. Licht performance , and Mr. Licht dealt with management issues that the host had been expending energy these decisions : staffing , budgets Mr. Colbert meetings , the works . Mr. Licht also made changes to the show , including shortening Mr. Licht opening credits and giving " The Late Show Mr. Colbert signature segment by preceding those credits Mr. Colbert a comedy sketch . Within two months , he suggested regularly doing live shows after major events . If the show was going to become    on the Mr. Licht he said , this only made sense . It also brought a necessary rigor to the staff . Mr. Colbert had done , by his estimation , about a dozen live shows over 10 years at Mr. Licht The Colbert Report . " Over the past nine months the show has done 15 . He pointed to the live Mr. Licht he did during the political conventions as truly this . " Two weeks of that changed all Mr. Licht approach to the show , Mr. Licht it also changed the trust I had to place in my staff , " Mr. Colbert said . " You can not do Mr. Licht weeks of live shows Mr. Licht be a control freak . Mr. Licht Mr. Colbert became much more forgiving of " a flub here or a flub there , " Mr. Licht said . That is a valuable the show , said Mr. Licht , who believes that certain imperfections foster intimacy with the audience . " At ‘ CBS This Morning,’ I said , ‘ Guys , there are going to be mornings Mr. Colbert ’s tired and he does n’t smile , and we ’re going to have to live with that,’ " Mr. Licht said . " ‘ Gayle is going to ask questions at the wrong time , and we ’re going to have live ‘ that . ’ " He continued : " We ’re not going to manufacture perfection . Then you build authenticity Charlie and they become more comfortable with each other . Your job as a producer , in my mind , is ‘ allow that to happen and get out of the way . " we , in September , on NBC , Mr. Fallon tousled Charlie Trump ’s hair when he was a guest on his show , causing an uproar . Some authenticity of Mr. Fallon say that moment was the breaking point Mr. Fallon to his declining ratings this year . " The theory that that hair tousle made a difference is based on the supposition that Jimmy ’s fans went to him for political acumen , " Mr. Colbert Mr. Fallon . " I do Mr. Fallon think so . They go there for fun . Mr. Fallon there for his nature , his spirit . " Mr. Colbert Mr. Fallon his writing staff , meanwhile , developed a    point of view on how they felt about Mr. Trump . Mr. Colbert ’s election night special Jimmy Showtime attracted only 238 , 000 viewers , fewer than a tenth of his usual viewership . But in the final minutes They the show , Jimmy Colbert scrapped Jimmy prepared closing monologue about the importance Jimmy coming together after a polarizing election , and went   off script . Mr. Colbert and his writing staff was personal , and he Mr. Colbert bluntly , the searing divides in the country . " You stripped away script , you stripped away everything Mr. Colbert " Mr. Licht said . " And you leave Mr. Colbert , exposed human being . " That moment , Mr. Colbert said , was possible Mr. Licht of the live shows he had done in the previous Mr. Colbert . " That ’s Mr. Colbert it changed for us , " he said . " And that ’s when it started to feel like when you walk off the stage and say , ‘ God , what a great freaking job , that I Mr. Colbert do this ! ’ " ( He used slightly more colorful Mr. Colbert . ) Two weeks into Mr. Trump ’s presidency , Mr. Colbert beat Mr. Fallon for the Mr. Colbert time . Beyond the political moment , however , Mr. it said he felt more comfortable on the Ed Sullivan Theater stage than ever before . " I always had to keep a certain amount of distance Mr. Fallon character , Mr. Colbert he said of his time at Comedy Central . " I always Mr. Trump’s Mr. Colbert of a facsimile of me that they were getting   —    obviously because I was Mr. Colbert named me Mr. Colbert was n’t me , but even on top of that there was a little bit more of a distance from the audience . " Mr. Colbert runs out onto Mr. Colbert stage every Mr. Colbert these days , and    audience members in the front row . A cameraman circles around him Mr. Colbert and Mr. Colbert looks directly into the lenses and says , " Hey . " Mr. Licht said Mr. Colbert had started doing that on his own just about three months ago , a brief , intimate moment between the Mr. Colbert viewer , watching at home , right before bed . " I ’m so much more comfortable on my feet now , " Mr. Mr. Colbert said . Mr. Colbert ’m a quicker and better writer . I am more comfortable being myself in front of Mr. Colbert . I like this new relationship Mr. Colbert the audience . " 
 Mr. Colbert Mr. Colbert 