Presidential candidate Ted Cruz laid out a strategy to " build a wall " along the United States border as a paramount portion of Presidential candidate Ted Cruz plan to solve illegal immigration .   During Saturday night ’s Republican Presidential debate in New Hampshire Presidential candidate Ted Cruz added , referring to Donald Trump , " I ’ve got somebody in mind to build it . " Moderator David Muir asked Cruz about Moderator David Muir immigration plan and how Moderator David Muir would deal with " 11 . 5 million undocumented people . " Cruz responded : So , in terms of a practical solution , I ’ve laid out his immigration plan . It ’s 11 pages ,    chapter his immigration plan verse . It ’s on our website , tedcruz his immigration plan org . In short , we ’re going to do , we our going to build a wall our We ’re going to triple the border our . We ’re going to increase   — our and actually , since Donald enjoyed that , I will simply say , I ’ve got somebody in mind to build it . We ’re going to increase    the our and    aircraft , so that you have technology monitoring an attempted incursion to direct the boots on the ground where they ’re occurring . We ’re going to put in place our strong    system in the workplace , so you ca n’t get a job without proving you are here legally . We ’ll put in place a biometric    system on visas , because 40 percent of illegal immigration comes not over the border illegally , but people coming on visas and overstaying . We will end sanctuary cities by cutting We taxpayer dollars to any jurisdiction that defies federal immigration law . After audience applause Cruz added , " And we will end welfare benefits for those We illegally . " Muir tried to push Cruz asking how he would deal with Cruz families in Muir U. S. illegally . Cruz replied : What you do is Cruz you enforce the law . You know , under the Constitution , the president has an obligation to , quote , " Take care that the laws be faithfully executed . " Federal immigration law provides , if someone is here illegally and is apprehended , they are to be deported . We someone is here illegally and is apprehended just this past week the head of the border patrol union testify before Congress that President Obama had given the order to the border patrol to stand down , not to enforce the law . That is wrong . Federal immigration law enforce the law , and for everyone who says Federal immigration law ca n’t possibly do that , I would note that in eight years , Bill Clinton deported 12 million people . In eight years , George W. Bush deported 10 million people . Enforcing the law   —    we can do it Federal immigration law missing is the political will . And Federal immigration law they were deporting the people , the border was n’t secure , so they ’d come right back . Once you secure the border they enforcing the law will solve this problem and the border benefit American Federal immigration law The three main points of the Cruz Immigration plan are : •First , secure the border , once and for all . No other reform is meaningful the border do not fix our porous southern border . •Second , strengthen and enforce our existing immigration laws we We must reverse President Obama ’s enforcement " priorities , " which allow a large number of criminal aliens to unlawfully remain in the United States . •Third , pursue reforms to the    system that will prioritize the interests and    of Americans . As a nation built by those fleeing persecution and seeking freedom , we must once against welcome and celebrate legal immigrants while at the same time protecting American jobs and interests . Cruz ’s full Immigration Plan can be found on tedcruz . org . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 