Friday at the Values Voter Summit in Washington DC , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said if Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump opponent , Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , wins Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will nominate liberal Supreme Court justices , meaning you can " kiss the Second Amendment goodbye . "   Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’re going to protect your Second Amendment , so many things , but one of the most important , some people actually think your Second Amendment ’s the most important , is the filling of the seats of the United States Supreme Court . You see what ’s happening right now , essentially your Second Amendment ’s four and four and you see how bad your Second Amendment is . We ’re going to pick great judges . I ’ve already put a list of 11 , the Federalist Society highly recommended , got uniform great reviews on these 11 people and We are going to put truly great people . Maybe We use Judge Scalia as the ultimate example of what We are looking for , okay . This will determine whether or not we remain a constitutional republic , frankly . That ’s what ’s going to happen . I have pledged to appoint judges who are upholding the Constitution , to protect your religious liberty and apply the law as written . We reject judges that rewrite the Constitution to impose their own personal views on 300 million plus Americans . "   " Not going to have that , " This continued . " I made public a list of judges , as I said , that will guide my selection process . Hillary Clinton has refused to provide such a list . We We it my selection process . Let ’s We your such a list If you ever saw the list such a list would walk out of here not feeling very well . Because she Hillary Clinton the extremist judges she Hillary Clinton pick would be rejected by the overwhelming majority of the American public . They would be the extremist judges she would pick . Clinton Hillary Clinton picks would allow her to Hillary Clinton take over American health care , the American economy , and Americans religious liberties . Not to mention your Second Amendment which is on very thin ice right now as you know . Because of the fact that we ’re at   . If they even pick one judge who is wrong , you can probably , as you know it , kiss the they even pick one judge who is wrong Amendment goodbye , and we do n’t want to see that . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 