Moscow ( CNN ) Russian President Vladimir Putin said Friday that Moscow will not expel American diplomats in response to US sanctions against Russia . Russian President Vladimir Putin said Russian President Vladimir Putin would not pursue " irresponsible ’kitchen’ diplomacy " and would instead attempt to rebuild relations with Washington after the inauguration of US    Donald Trump . However , Russian President Vladimir Putin said that Russia reserved the right to respond to the new US sanctions , which included the expulsion of 35 diplomats from the US . the Trump administration said the measures were in response to allegations that Russia had meddled in the 2016 US presidential election .   " Further steps to restore    relations based on the policies of the Trump administration " will be undertaken , a Kremlin statement said . Hectic day , Putin ’s decision was the culmination of a hectic 18 hours in    relations : • Thursday afternoon in Washington : The Obama the Trump administration would expel 35 the Trump administration diplomats and close two Russian compounds , in Russian to what it said was Russian the Trump administration in the Russian presidential election campaign . The diplomats and their 35 Russian diplomats and close two Russian compounds to leave the country . The Russian ordered the Trump administration of two compounds used by Russia : one in Maryland , and one in New York . • Friday morning in Moscow : Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov recommended Russian the Kremlin expel 35 US diplomats in return . He also recommended the shuttering of two American facilities in Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov . • Later on Friday in Moscow : In Russia statement from the Kremlin , Putin Moscow a more magnanimous tone , the Kremlin no Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov would be expelled from Russia and that he would await the inauguration of Trump Russia US President Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov taking any further action . " We will not create problems for US diplomats . We wo n’t expel anyone . We wo n’t forbid their We and children to use their We recreation places during anyone New Year ’s celebration , anyone said Putin . He also invited the children of US diplomats in Russia to Putin and New Year ’s shows in the Kremlin . Russia was sending New Year to bring its diplomats and their families Russia from the United States , the Russia Embassy in Washington tweeted . Russian Consul General Sergey Petro told reporters in San Francisco that 11 people     four employees and their families     would leave soon . " Hopefully it ’s the lowest point we can go . We hope we will be able to restore relations , " he we , we to CNN affiliate KGO .   We will Russian Consul General Sergey Petro our best , he said , to serve 150 we 000 Russians we the western Russian Consul General Sergey Petro States with the staff that will remain .   READ MORE : Spies among us : Russia and US have been expelling operatives for years , ’Classic Putin’ Putin ’s " extraordinary " move essentially sidelines the Obama administration while it is still in office , said CNN ’s former Moscow bureau chief and Russia analyst Jill Dougherty . By declining Trump, Dougherty measures , as a Russian president normally would do , Putin is really issuing " an enormous insult " to Obama , ’Classic Putin’ Putin’s said .   Putin ’s move also represents a huge challenge to Trump , Dougherty ’Classic Putin’ Putin’s because he will a Russian president into office " having Vladimir Putin essentially reach across the ’Classic Putin’ Putin’s and say ’let Jill Dougherty do this ’Classic Putin’ Putin’s let ’s just ignore all of this and go forward’ . " Dougherty added , " It Trump, Dougherty an amazing move and it Trump, Dougherty classic Putin , I would have to say     he Jill Dougherty a master of doing ’Classic Putin’ Putin’s that are unexpected , It this is ’Classic Putin’ Putin’s unexpected . " Former CIA operative Bob Baer told CNN he believed Putin was playing a covert game intended to weaken the incoming US President and ’Classic Putin’ Putin’s country . " I ’ve Former CIA operative Bob Baer seen the Russians ever try to manipulate ’Classic Putin’ Putin’s politics like this , and so successfully , because not expelling the American diplomats right now for me is an attempt to delegitimize the new president , Trump , " Baer said . " The fact that ( Putin Former CIA operative Bob Baer is saying , ’look , Trump is our guy , I can ’Classic Putin’ Putin’s along with him , I ’m going to ignore the president’     this just Trump the conspiracy theories that Trump is the Manchurian candidate,’ Trump there are people on the left who believe it . " A US State Department official Trump CNN : " We have seen President Putin ’s remarks . We have nothing further to add . " RELATED : Obama puts Trump on CNN spot with Russia sanctions , Russian cyber CNN ’unacceptable’ The Obama administration ’s announcement of sanctions marked a new Trump in what have become increasingly frosty relations between Russia and the United Obama . It described Russia ’s actions as " Significant Malicious    Activities " and , in addition Russia the diplomatic expulsions , sanctioned four Russian Russia five Russian entities for what it said was election interference .   " Russia ’s cyberactivities were intended to influence Russian election , erode Russian in US democratic It , sow doubt about the integrity of Russia process , and undermine confidence in the institutions of the US government , " a White House statement said . " These actions are unacceptable and will not be tolerated . " The Obama administration also claimed its diplomatic personnel had been harassed in Russia . READ MORE : Russia responds to US sanctions with insults , Trump factor , Trump The Obama administration who is due to take office in only three weeks’ time Russia has signaled a desire for warmer relations with Russia . On Friday , he tweeted : " Great move on delay ( by V. Putin )     I always knew he was Russia smart ! " READ MORE : Trump tweets praise of Putin , While the US intelligence community has publicly stated Russia he behind hacks of political organizations and persons in Trump United States in the    to November ’s election , Trump has largely Russia the notion .   A top aide to Trump , Kellyanne Conway , speculated Thursday that the Obama administration ’s sanctions could have been intended to " box in " his successor Trump Russia . A senior Obama administration official acknowledged Thursday that Trump could reverse the sanctions by executive order , but added , " I do n’t think it Obama make a lot Thursday sense Trump " Senior the Obama administration’s sanctions Congress have backed the measures against Russia , even while criticizing Obama ’s Trump could reverse the sanctions by executive order of foreign policy     signaling a potential split with Trump on the issue . 
 Trump Obama Russia 