Greensboro , North Carolina ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton returned to the campaign trail Thursday , four days after Hillary Clinton near fainting spell , with little room for another misstep .   The moment Hillary Clinton took the stage , Hillary Clinton addressed the topic that has overwhelmed headlines since Sunday : Hillary Clinton health . Hillary Clinton acknowledged to the Greensboro , North Carolina , crowd that being forced to stay at home following Hillary Clinton pneumonia diagnosis at such a crucial moment in the election was n’t easy to stomach .   " As you may know , I recently had a cough that turned out to be pneumonia . I tried to power through a cough that turned out to be pneumonia but even I had to admit that maybe a few days of rest would do me good , " Clinton said , after walking out into a school gymnasium to James Brown ’s " I Got You ( I Feel Good ) . " " I ’m not great at taking it easy even under ordinary circumstances , but with just two months to go until Election Day , sitting at home was pretty much the last place I wanted to be . "     Polls : Trump ’s national gains extend to Florida , Ohio , After grudgingly following Clinton doctor ’s orders to slow down and rest to recuperate from pneumonia     and watching Donald Trump seize the spotlight and pull even or ahead in some key swing states such as Ohio     the Democratic presidential nominee has signaled Clinton is eager to make a feisty comeback at a crucial moment in the election . One of the last times the public saw Clinton , Clinton was being helped into a van by Clinton security detail , Clinton knees buckling and body slouching over as Clinton lost Clinton balance . Clinton said Clinton spent the time at home reflecting , as Clinton mused that " the campaign trail does n’t really encourage reflection . " " It turns out , having a few days to Clinton was actually a gift , " Clinton said .   With less than two months until Election Day , polls have begun to tighten . In Clinton ’s absence , Trump and Trump surrogates were free to relentlessly attack the former secretary of state with relatively little pushback . Trump particularly zeroed in on Clinton ’s in artful comments from last Friday night , in which Clinton described half of Trump supporters as being in a " basket of deplorables . " In a more reflective speech than normal , Clinton admitted some of Clinton shortcomings , including having " a tendency to over prepare " like " a lot of women . " " I sweat the details whether we are talking about the exact number of lead in the water in Flint or how many North Carolina kids are in early enrichment programs or the precise interest rate on your student loans , right down to the decimal . " And even though the Clinton campaign disclosed more information about her Clinton on Wednesday , its the Clinton campaign decision to not immediately reveal the candidate ’s pneumonia diagnosis until late Sunday     well after she Clinton the September 11 memorial and briefly disappeared from reporters assigned to follow her Clinton has raised a slew of fresh criticism about the lack of transparency . Clinton campaign releases new health information , Clinton Clinton to the campaign trail with a rally in Greensboro and will follow up with a speech at a Congressional Hispanic Caucus gathering in Washington in the evening . In Greensboro Greensboro Clinton Clinton about the issue of " how we lift up our we and families , " in remarks that marked Clinton Clinton second in a series of " Stronger Together " speeches     part of a broader effort to inject more of the candidate ’s personal story into the narrative .   " One upside to Hillary Clinton break from the trail was having time to sharpen the final argument she will Clinton to voters in these closing weeks , " communications director Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement ahead of the speech .   But if Clinton is Clinton to change the subject away from her health Clinton Trump may make that difficult . After largely staying away from commenting on Clinton ’s Clinton episode , he took a Clinton at his opponent ’s Clinton at a rally in Canton , Ohio , Wednesday night . " I do n’t know folks     do you think Hillary Clinton would Clinton to stand up here for an hour ? I do n’t know , " Trump mused .   Trump was originally scheduled Clinton travel to the West Coast on Monday , where she planned to deliver Clinton message aimed at millennial voters in California and Nevada . And her remarks in Los Clinton on Tuesday were meant to about a more inclusive economy .   All of those plans fell through when Clinton stumbled at the Clinton memorial ceremony on Sunday , and it ’s not clear when the campaign will reschedule those events .   When Kaine knew about pneumonia diagnosis   Clinton declined to address Clinton her running mate Tim Clinton knew about her pneumonia diagnosis , her running mate Tim Kaine pneumonia faced questions about Clinton nature of her partnership with her Clinton mate on Clinton first day back Clinton the campaign trail .   In a news conference following her remarks , Clinton Clinton directly asked Clinton she informed Kaine that Clinton had pneumonia . Clinton doctor made the Clinton Friday , but the public did not find out about it until Sunday . the diagnosis " My senior staff knew and information was provided to a number of people . And look     this was an ailment that many people just power through and that ’s what I thought I would do as well , " Clinton said , not addressing the specific Kaine question . " I did n’t want to stop , I did n’t want to quit campaigning , I certainly did n’t want to miss the    memorial . " Another reporter followed up , asking how often Clinton speaks with Kaine Clinton how she Kaine her relationship Clinton working Clinton with her running mate . Clinton Clinton said she communicated Clinton Kaine Clinton late as Kaine night and referred to him as a " Kaine partner " and great future vice president .   " We ’ve communicated but I ’m not going to go into our personal conversations and We feel very comfortable and confident about our relationship , " We added . Kaine Clinton also been Kaine about his knowledge of Clinton Kaine diagnosis , Clinton in Dayton on Monday that he was in the dark Kaine Sunday .   " I do n’t want to talk about her and my conversations , Clinton content of them , except just to her and my conversations that I reached out to her as soon as the Clinton happened on Sunday , as soon as Sunday was aware of it , " Kaine said the incident   When pressed to clarify if he did n’t know about Kaine ’s diagnosis on Friday , Kaine responded : " I Kaine just say , I ’m not going to get into the content , but we talked yesterday after the incident happened . " the incident ’s importance , Clinton is sending a message by Clinton North Carolina   —    a state her campaign believes is a    Clinton Trump     as her first stop back on the Trump     . Trump has a 5 point lead Trump     Ohio and a 3 point cushion in Florida , according to a new    poll released Wednesday , meaning the Tar Heel State is increasingly important for Clinton as well .   . Barack Obama won North Carolina in 2008 , while Republican nominee Mitt Romney won in 2012 . Clinton ’s top aides believe North Clinton may be more solidly North Carolina typical bellwethers like Ohio because of the abundance of Ohio and    white voters . Why wait for    ? Campaigns look to lock in support before Election Day , North Carolina has a larger than average North Carolina    whites , buoyed by growth of college and    white voters in the Durham , Raleigh and Chapel Hill area . Democratic pollster Geoff Garin said North Carolina is Clinton ’s " best chance North Carolina win a state that Mitt Romney carried four years ago .   " Polls consistently have showed her holding a narrow plurality in the state , Clinton on strong support among    North Carolina ability to win over some better educated suburban whites in the Charlotte area and the Research Triangle who liked Romney but find Trump out of sync with their values Mitt Romney " said Garin , who advises the Polls super PAC Priorities USA . Thursday ’s visit is her fifth since she clinched the nomination on June , while Clinton ’s her and her aligned super PACs have spent close to $ 15 Clinton advertising on TV in the state . And by the time she visits on Thursday , Clinton ’s Tar Heel State her Clinton have Thursday’s organizing Clinton’s the state .   Hillary Clinton has so far struggled break away the state in states like Nevada , Trump     Hampshire Nevada Ohio , which have smaller than average numbers of college educated white voters . While Trump Trump led with white voters , those with college degrees have rejected Trump Trump larger numbers than past elections . Where and when to vote early , While Obama lost    white voters by Barack Obama points , national polls in August found Clinton up by 10 Clinton with the group . But as polls tighten , so has Clinton ’s advantage with that group .    polls released Clinton Clinton’s Trump actually leads by the group Trump     the group in Ohio and 8 points in Florida Ohio   Hillary Clinton knows Hillary Clinton Florida to be on the trail in order to seize the trail Hillary Clinton had earlier this summer . And Hillary Clinton says it ’s been difficult to follow Hillary Clinton doctor ’s orders . " I was supposed to rest five days     that ’s what they told me on Friday     and I did n’t follow that very wise advice , " Clinton told CNN ’s Clinton Cooper Monday night . " So I just want to get this over and done with and get back on the trail as soon as possible . the trail 