  ( CNN ) The Secret Service is having a busy year protecting presidential candidates , with    and    becoming a more frequent occurrence . In just the last week , Hillary Clinton has been rushed twice by people who had to be subdued , and Donald Trump has faced similar incidents in recent months     not to mention a man this week climbing up Trump Tower using suction cups . The Secret Service , which is primarily responsible for the security of the presidential candidates , takes precautions both seen and unseen to protect both safety . For example , at public events , both try to check all attendees for weapons using magnetometers or    machines both visually scan the crowd for abnormal behavior and potential bad actors potential bad actors set up a physical barrier to keep an    buffer space between the crowd and the stage and both map out an escape path to a " hard room " backstage in case of trouble . But if an individual from the crowd tries to rush the stage , former agents say former agents instructions are to stop an intruder by whatever means necessary . " former agents have to assume that he ’s a threat , and former agents have to take he down , " said former Secret Service Assistant Director Anthony Chapa . " he is attempting to approach the candidate , he ’s not been invited , he ’s doing the candidate in a threatening manner , the candidate ’s illegal to do so , and former agents are stopping he . " he says different agents have different responsibilities if someone rushes the stage : Those close to the candidate will shield the the candidate move the candidate the candidate others move toward the threatening person and others scan for any additional threats and fan out to different parts of the venue . For the agents who shield the candidate , the candidate ’re putting their the agents who shield the candidate , their the agents who shield the candidate , in the agents who shield the candidate of that incoming threat , " he said . " the agents who shield the candidate ’s stressful . It ’s a lot It adrenaline . " For the agents who move in on the threatening person " the Secret Service trains to cover that person , so if they have something in their hand or on they body , you they going to feel it , " said former special agent in charge Larry Johnson . " It ’s not to hurt the person , because they might just be very excited . But you want to get between them and the protectee they and cover their hands , " they said . This the person ’s threats have ranged in seriousness , from    to protesters , to one individual who is accused of actually trying to harm a candidate . " The Secret Service can not determine the level of threat or danger until they actually get the The Secret Service and interview them , " said The Secret Service . For example , a    will have their criminal record checked a    be asked about their intentions , their a    toward Clinton a    Trump , and to assess whether they are suicidal . a    DiMassimo , who tried to rush the stage on which Trump was speaking in Trump on March 12 , later told CNN , " I was thinking that I could get up on stage and take his podium away from him and take his his away from his . " But his Sandford wanted " to kill Trump , " police Trump , when he attempted to pull Michael Sandford police officer ’s gun from its holster during a Trump rally on June Trump . Just the day before , Sandford had practiced shooting Michael Sandford gun for the first time , and he " further stated Michael Sandford if he were on the Michael Sandford tomorrow , he would try this Michael Sandford , " according to a criminal complaint . Candidates have tried to brush off the concerns , at least in public . Hillary Clinton continued her speech almost uninterrupted Hillary Clinton Wednesday , even weaving in a remark about passionate advocacy while agents hurried across the stage to stop a protester . And Donald Trump , after the incident in Dayton , said later he would have been Donald Trump to go     had his protective detail not Donald Trump the man . " I was ready , " Trump said , drawing Donald Trump of approval as he made a few Donald Trump . " I do n’t know if I would have done well , but I would have been out there fighting . " 
 