Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has already won because Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has been able to use the election to further Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump brand , according to former Mexican President Vicente Fox . [ " I can not understand why the Republican Party lets somebody come in and use the Republican Party to make the Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump brand more successful in the business world , " former Mexican President Vicente Fox told The Washington Post in an interview Thursday .   According to Fox   —    who has been sparring with Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump in the press over the frontrunner ’s call for a    border wall   —    Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump had won already , regardless of whether Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is elected . " And the Republicans are quiet ? Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is laughing at everybody . Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is amassing a fortune . Today Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is worth a hundred times more than it was Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump . So for him , Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump already Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , " Fox said Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump his interview Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump the paper . The former Mexican president , in his interview The former Mexican president the Post , explained the Trump and Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump Sanders phenomena as part of a more worldwide phenomena of declining trust in government . Fox said Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump sees Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump rise of Trump   —    and , on the Democratic side , Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont   —    as part of a global trend toward dwindling confidence in government and government outsiders upending politics , from Britain to Spain to Brazil . " This is what explains to me a Fox like Trump and a guy like Bernie , " Fox said . " They come in and break the system and provoke a revolution . We ’re going to see more surprises , because democracy is not delivering what people expect . " In the same article , another former president of Mexico , Felipe Calderón , took Trump to Trump for his border Trump proposal , telling The Post that the wall would be " useless , " paid for by Americans   —    not Mexico   Mexico    and harm relations with the U. S. ’s neighbor to the south . " Good collaboration between governments is a safer way to protect the United States than any stupid wall , " he said the U. S.’s " We wo n’t pay a single cent for that stupid the wall ’s pathetic . the wall   .   . Trump is   demagogical . " 
 