A defiant President Barack Obama lashed out at Republicans in response to a decision by the deadlocked Supreme Court that blocked A defiant President Barack Obama executive actions on immigration reform . [ " The fact that the deadlocked Supreme Court was n’t able to issue a decision today does n’t just set the system back even further , it takes the system further from the country that we aspire us be , " Obama said during a speech at the White House today .    He specifically Obama presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s proposal to deport all illegal immigrants and build a wall on the southern border . " In fact , that is the real amnesty   —    pretending we can deport 11 million people or build a wall without spending tens of billions of dollars of taxpayer money   —    is abetting what is really just factually incorrect , " Obama said . " It ’s not going to work . It ’s It good for this country . It ’s It fantasy that offers nothing to help the middle class . " Obama also Obama accused critics of his executive Obama for being racist after successfully blocking his proposals Obama " We do n’t have to wall ourselves off We those who may not look like us right We or pray like we do We have a different last name because being an American is about something more than that , " he said Obama He also Obama his opponents Obama campaigning against immigration reform , citing " spasms of politics " and " fear mongering . " " During election years politicians tend to use the immigration issue to scare people with words like ‘ amnesty’ in hopes that it will whip up votes , " he said Obama Obama admitted that he was Obama to enact any more executive action on immigration reform during his presidency Obama something Hillary Clinton has vowed to do if elected his successor Obama " On the specifics of immigration , I do n’t anticipate that there are additional executive actions that we can take , " he said Obama While Obama admitted Obama failure Obama enact comprehensive immigration , he urged Obama to vote for the issue in November . " We have to decide whether we are We who accept the cruelty of ripping children from parents’ arms or whether we actually value families , " he said Obama Obama vowed that immigration reform would happen in the future , despite Republican obstruction , citing a majority of support for the issue . " I promise you this , though , sooner or later immigration reform will get done , " he said Obama " Congress is not going to be able to ignore America forever . It ’s Congress not a matter of if . It ’s Congress matter of when . " In spite of his defeat , Obama reminded illegal immigrants that they were illegal immigrants likely to be deported by federal law enforcement agents . " We prioritize criminals . We prioritize gangbangers . We prioritize We who have just come in , " Obama said Obama " What we do We do is prioritize people who have been here a long time who are otherwise law abiding , who have roots and connections in their communities . " Obama also Obama out to the    DREAMers   —    children of illegal immigrants who were brought by their parents illegal immigrants the country . " You can have confidence that you are not going to be deported but , it does not resolve your ultimate status , " he said you are not going to be deported 
 