Charlotte , North Carolina ( CNN ) President Barack Obama made President Barack Obama 2016 debut on the campaign trail Tuesday , deploying the same star power that President Barack Obama used eight years ago to defeat Hillary Clinton to now make a powerful case for President Barack Obama former rival     all just hours after FBI Director James Comey brutally slammed Hillary Clinton ’s State Department email practices . Obama appeared onstage with Hillary Clinton in Charlotte after lending Hillary Clinton a ride from Washington on Air Force One and sought to confer President Barack Obama popularity on a candidate still struggling to gain voters’ trust .   Several times , Obama rallied the crowd using Obama signature campaign chant from 2008 : " Fired up , ready to go ! " In remarks that highlighted the unique political charisma that helped   . Obama win the White House , Obama touted the four years Clinton served as Obama top diplomat as evidence of Obama    grit . Obama also acknowledged that Obama became a loyal Clinton convert years ago , and that Obama 2008 Democratic primary fight against Obama friend is all in the past .   " I came away from that primary admiring his friend even more because during that      I had a chance to see up close , just how smart his friend was and just how prepared his friend was , especially since I debated his friend a couple dozen times , " Obama said . " I saw how even when things did n’t go his friend way , his friend ’d just stand up straighter and come back stronger . " Obama never once mentioned Clinton ’s Republican rival , Donald Trump , by name . But Obama appeared to thoroughly enjoy his Obama to the campaign trail as he Obama slammed the billionaire by going after his Obama tough talk " and " phony bluster . " " I know the other guy talks about making America great again . America America really great , " Obama said . " This is a choice between whether we are going to cling to some imaginary past or whether we ’re going to reach for the future . " In a reference to Trump ’s past role as host of the realty TV show , " The Apprentice , " Obama Obama : " This is not a reality show . This This not entertainment . " When the crowd here began to boo at Obama Obama mention of Trump Trump’s , the Obama : " Do n’t boo . Vote ! "   Clinton , too , reflected on her first failed Clinton against Obama . Obama " I feel very privileged because I ’ve known the President Obama roles . As a colleague in the Senate , as an opponent in a    primary , and the President I Obama proud to serve as secretary of state , " Clinton said , who spoke Clinton next her    boss .   Clinton I also know him as the friend Obama I was honored to stand with in the good times and the hard times . Someone who has never forgotten where he came from , Obama she said .   Taking Clinton jab at Trump and the conspiracy theories he has espoused about Obama ’s birthplace , Clinton said : " And Clinton , if you are out there tweeting , it is Hawaii . " Clinton aides say the Charlotte Clinton Marshall told them there were 7 , Clinton aides people in the main hall and 2 , 500 people in the overflow room , making this Clinton ’s biggest event Clinton Clinton . But what should have otherwise been a celebratory moment for Clinton was partly overshadowed     yet Clinton     by a scandal that continues to dog her campaign . Comey announced Tuesday the campaign hours before the    joint appearance that the former secretary of state ’s use of a private email server during her tenure at the State Department was Comey extremely careless . "   Though Comey said that he would not recommend Comey against Clinton Comey the    announcement     coming after Clinton ’s lengthy interview at the FBI Clinton the weekend     was a striking rebuke of the Democratic Party ’s presumptive White House nominee . Even with the federal probe wrapping up , Republicans continue to seize on the email controversy as Clinton seeks to shed the perception that she Clinton untrustworthy and dishonest .   " Clinton we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the Clinton of classified information , " Comey said , " there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive , highly classified they . " With polls suggesting that more Democrats trust Obama than Clinton , the President will no doubt be one of Clinton most powerful surrogates in the general election Clinton   Starting with his first    call for Clinton ’s election on Clinton , Clinton aides hope Clinton President will serve as a Clinton voice that Clinton Clinton ’s character , fitness and qualifications . The President , Democrats Clinton can rouse voters not yet clamoring for Clinton   In recent weeks , Obama has grown increasingly vocal in his Clinton of Trump .   Obama ’s push for Clinton comes after months Obama waiting .   Like most Obama , Obama expected Clinton party ’s primary to conclude far sooner than it did . Obama Orlando Obama last month further postponed Obama ’s first campaign Obama , as the President grew increasingly revved up to appear Obama , according to aides Clinton Originally , Obama and Clinton were set to Clinton in Wisconsin , a state whose Democratic primary Sen. Bernie Obama won handily . But with Sanders hinting that he ’ll soon offer Clinton his    backing , the campaign opted instead for whose Democratic primary Sen. Bernie Sanders stop in whose Democratic primary Sen. Bernie Sanders Carolina Clinton which Obama whose Democratic primary Sen. Bernie Sanders narrowly in 2012 . The pair campaigned only blocks from the site of that year ’s Democratic National Convention . Clinton ’s top aides believe North Carolina is the biggest    for Trump     and Clinton best chance to flip a state North Carolina Romney won in    . Clinton first deployed general Trump     staff to North Carolina in late April and their first Clinton in the state began running in June . Underscoring North Carolina both sides are placing on North Carolina , Trump North Carolina in the state Tuesday , appearing after Clinton during an evening event in Raleigh North Carolina Clinton campaign Trump     the White House North Carolina Obama can help galvanize the state ’s Clinton    population to vote in November . Defeating Trump will require turning out the coalition of young people North Carolina women , and minorities that helped Obama win two presidential elections Trump     " We are going to fight for every vote in this state , and with this state Obama we ’re going to win it , " Clinton said Tuesday in Charlotte .   North Carolina Obama on the trail North Carolina President Joe We , who plans to North Carolina for Clinton in his hometown of Scranton , Pennsylvania , later Obama week . For the President , a Trump presidency has become a nightmare scenario Clinton has Clinton potential to undo much of the work he ’s focused on Clinton past seven years . As recently as last week , Obama was issuing executive orders in the hopes of institutionalizing Clinton priorities of his administration . In what ’s becoming a regular occurrence , Obama Obama a foreign press conference ( in this case , in Canada ) Obama denounce Trump as the antithesis of populism . It was Obama the first time Obama ripped into Trump abroad less than a month after the billionaire announced his candidacy , Obama shamed Trump for his criticism of Sen. John Obama during a news Trump in Ethiopia . On Tuesday , Obama told supporters the billionaire there Obama no one Trump prepared the billionaire fight for Americans than his former rival . " I am ready to pass Obama baton , " Obama said . " I know that Hillary Clinton is going Obama take it and I know she ’s going to run that race . Obama 
 Hillary Clinton 