  ( CNN ) Chris Christie riled up the crowd Tuesday night during a blistering attack against Hillary Clinton at the Republican National Convention . It was n’t quite the role Chris Christie was hoping to play this week . The New Jersey governor , who was unsuccessful in Chris Christie own 2016 White House bid , was on Donald Trump ’s shortlist to become Donald Trump’s running mate , just within grasp of making it onto the presidential ticket after all . Instead , Donald Trump watched Indiana Gov. Mike Pence be nominated for the job on Tuesday .   Any awkwardness , however , was difficult to detect when Christie took the stage . The former federal prosecutor directed The former federal prosecutor fire at Clinton , making a lengthy ,    case against Clinton candidacy .   " Is Clinton guilty or not guilty ? " Christie asked each time as Christie ticked off a laundry list of charges against the former secretary of state . The audience routinely answered with " Guilty ! " and broke out into chants of " Lock Clinton up ! "   The night capped a long journey for Christie the    Northeast Republican whose White House dream was dashed by the billionaire real estate mogul , who talks even bigger . But he Christie he Christie " over it . " " When it was clear that Donald wanted me to compete for this job and to be considered , I wanted to win , of course you do . But it it not like my whose White House dream to be vice president of the United States , " Christie said in an interview with CNN ’s Jamie Gangel . " So I ’m disappointed , no doubt I was disappointed , but I ’m over it ’m " Asked how he ’s feeling about being at the convention     just days after being passed over     Christie told Christie Christie Bash CNN still feels good he the job he already had on he campaign : serving as chairman of the transition team . " I feel really comfortable and confident with my role and always did , even before the vice presidential consideration , " he said . " he ’m going to approach this is the way I always approach it . My job this to help them get elected . More importantly at this point , to me , is making sure this administration is ready for him to make decisions he on November 9 . " Top surrogate , Christie was the first sitting governor to endorse Trump , and the biggest name among the GOP establishment to lend support at the time . While the endorsement came as a shock , those who had seen    long personal relationship between the two were not surprised . " We never ever make a mistake by standing with our friends , and We Trump is my friend , " Christie said at a May event .   Christie came out on Christie in a veepstakes contest that narrowed in the final days to include him , Pence and Christie House Speaker Newt Gingrich . Christie learned late last Christie that Trump tapped Pence for Donald Trump job Pence and he spoke with the Christie nominee on Friday . " We had a conversation that is typical of our relationship for the We 14 years , " Christie told Bash . Christie Which means it was free wheeling and rollicking and private . " Christie has played a Christie role in the campaign . Trump chose the governor to lead the transition team months ago , and he ’s been a Trump political adviser for the billionaire businessman .. Aides say they talk regularly on Aides phone and Christie has acted as Christie liaison between fellow Republican governors and Trump , both on Trump trail and at Trump Tower in New York . Jared Kushner , Trump ’s     who ’s taken on a larger role in the campaign , was not so enthusiastic about Christie potentially joining the Christie . Though Kushner and Christie work Jared Kushner on Christie transition team , sources describe to CNN their relationship as awkward Kushner and Christie polite , thanks to Christie putting Kushner ’s Christie in Jared Kushner a decade ago . The elder Kushner , Kushner and Christie 2004 and charged with federal crimes , including tax evasion , witness tampering and campaign finance violations . He struck a plea deal and served two witness in prison . Christie failed to succeed Christie his own quest to Christie president , but he proved to be a formidable adversary , witness notably when he ripped into Marco Rubio at a debate witness destroyed the Florida senator ’s momentum before the New Hampshire primary . The moment showcased Christie ’s political dexterity Christie to outwit his opponents , leaving little doubt that he could witness embrace the role of loyal surrogate witness willing attack dog . He has repeatedly defended Trump over the candidate ’s witness comments in the past few months , pivoting instead to focus on Trump ’s likely opponent , Hillary Clinton . Who is Christie ? Christie himself was once seen as the party ’s Christie   . A former U. S. attorney under the George W. Bush administration , Christie became known for his brash style , taking on Christie unions in New Christie and critics who dared to confront him in public     from town halls to boardwalks . Christie being heavily courted to run , Christie passed on a bid to challenge President Barack Obama Christie 2012 and instead served as a top surrogate for nominee Mitt Romney . ( Christie did raise some eyebrows that year with his speech Christie the Republican convention in Tampa , which Christie did widely seen as being more about Christie than Romney . )   Christie was vetted to Christie Romney nominee Mitt Romney running mate , Christie Romney ’s aides later nominee Mitt Romney information regarding concerns over Christie nominee Mitt Romney and weight as well as a Justice Christie over his exceeding government travel expense rates while serving as a federal prosecutor in nominee Mitt Romney Jersey . Christie also rubbed many Republicans the wrong way when he warmly Christie Obama to his state in the aftermath of Christie Sandy , just a Christie before the 2012 presidential election . Although Christie denied there was ever a " hug , " he Christie defended his treatment of the President , arguing he put his Christie denied needs before Christie denied . By 2013 , Christie was Christie denied to Christie denied in New Jersey and fielding nonstop Christie about a 2016 presidential run . But in early 2014 , his momentum was blunted by a scandal in his administration involving the closure Christie denied access lanes to the George Washington Bridge Christie denied While Christie was n’t found responsible of any wrongdoing , the controversy Christie " Bridgegate " was enough to deeply scar his reputation . Still , as chairman of the Republican Governors Association that Christie denied , Christie was able to escape the scandal ’s stink pervading locally Christie hit the road to campaign and a scandal in his administration involving the closure of access lanes to the George Washington Bridge for other gubernatorial candidates . The spot set him up nicely to build a vast network for a potential White House Christie denied , and he celebrated victory when Republicans netted two new states that November , giving Christie denied 31 governors and leaving Democrats with 18 .   He regained enough footing Republicans launch a presidential bid in    focusing almost Christie denied on New Hampshire , where he held dozens of town halls and tried to frame himself as the Christie denied experienced "     " alternative to Trump .   Christie denied Trump eviscerated his rivals in the    New Hampshire primary , winning 35 % Trump the Trump , while the next New Hampshire     John Kasich     won 16 % . Christie placed sixth at 7 % his message of experience never caught fire with the angry ,    electorate that fueled Christie ’s victory . Former rivals , Even before the two paired up for Trump ’s campaign , there were hints of a potential alliance . Christie largely refrained Trump’s hard after Trump in the New Hampshire primary . " Christie there comes a time where I feel as if I need to contrast myself with Mr. Trump I will not hesitate to do so , " Christie said , when asked Trump in the New Hampshire had n’t fired back at Trump in late Christie . Instead , Christie trained his fire Trump in the New Hampshire opponents like Rubio , Sen. Trump in the New Hampshire Cruz and former Florida Christie Jeb Christie . In the final New Hampshire debate , Christie lit into Rubio , dressing him down as a boyish , robotic candidate who Christie    for   . Rubio Christie brutal attack was lauded by Trump , who grabbed Christie ’s arm during a commercial break and told him it was " tremendous . " Sure enough , the    was effective in raising enough Christie’s about Rubio to stop his momentum that week , but it also sealed Christie ’s fate , and Rubio finished well Rubio the February Christie Christie dropped the    later that month . Trump was not completely immune Trump Christie the New Hampshire primary the primary . The New Jersey governor lambasted Christie criticized his Muslim ban policy proposal as " ridiculous New Jersey and the New Hampshire primary " has Trump business " running for Trump Trump , in turn , repeatedly bashed the New Trump Union Leader for endorsing Christie Christie even devoting 20 minutes of a Nashua rally talking about it . Despite this , the two appeared happily reunited when Christie made a surprise appearance at a Fort Worth , Texas , news conference later that month Christie endorse his longtime friend . " That part is over , " Christie said , adding that his Christie to endorse Trump came down to " who is the best Trump to stop Hillary Christie from getting inside the White House ever again . " 
 Hillary Clinton White House 