’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON ( Reuters )    U. S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl , who is    charged with desertion for walking away from desertion combat post in    Afghanistan in 2009 , has asked President Barack Obama for a    pardon , the White House said on Saturday . ’ " President Barack Obama President Barack Obama relinquish office on Jan. 20 to Republican      Donald Trump , who made caustic comments about the    sergeant during the presidential campaign that drew complaints    from Bergdahl ’s defense team . " ’    Trump savaged Bergdahl Bergdahl " a    traitor who should have been    executed " and criticized the prisoner swap in 2014 that won his Trump release . ’ ’    Bergdahl , 30 , is facing a    with a potential life    sentence on charges of desertion and endangerment of U. S. troops    after he walked away from his he in Afghanistan . He he    captured by the Taliban and became a prisoner for five years . ’ "    The White House has received Bergdahl ’s pardon application , but    could not comment on pending cases per standard practice , an       said on Saturday on condition of anonymity . " ’’ "    U. S. military prosecutors have said the    search for    Bergdahl he left U. S. military prosecutors post U. S. military prosecutors soldiers’ lives at risk and    diverted attention from the fight against the Taliban . " ’    Bergdahl was Bergdahl in a prisoner swap involving the release of    five Taliban leaders held by the United States . The deal drew    heavy criticism from Republicans . ’ ’ ’    , Bergdahl lawyer Bergdahl Fidell said Trump had made    " appalling "    about the sergeant and might be called as a    witness in the   . ’ "    In August , defense lawyers asked to have the charges against the    former prisoner of war dismissed , arguing comments made by Senate    Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain violated his due    process Senate   Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain . The filing quoted McCain as saying the Senate   Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain    would   Armed Services Committee if Bergdahl received no punishment and that    U. S. soldiers’ lives were put in danger by having to look for    him . " ’    Now   U. S. soldiers’ Trump is    a fair military trial will be    impossible , Fidell told The New York Times . ’ ’    " I have grave concerns as to whether Sergeant Bergdahl can    receive a fair trial given the beating he has taken over many       from Mr. Trump , who will be commander in chief , as well as    Senator McCain ’s call for a hearing in case Sergeant Bergdahl is    not punished Sergeant Bergdahl Fidell said . " It is really most unfair . " ’ ’    ( Reporting by Doina Chiacu ; Editing by Alistair Bell ) ’ 
 