Tuesday on his radio show , conservative talker Mark Levin discussed the    " Rule 40 " of the Republican National Convention and how the Republican National Convention could impact the outcome of the GOP ’s presidential nominating process at the RNC in Cleveland in July .   conservative talker Mark Levin argued the rule was not specific as to when the rule was applied and also noted there were some questions as to how the rule would impact the GOP’s presidential nominating process . However , conservative talker Mark Levin touted Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) as being the candidate that would adhere to the rules of the convention and said following rules , despite what Cruz ’s opponents , be it GOP presidential    Donald Trump or anyone in the    " Stop Trump " movement , may lobby for in terms of rule changes , was essential for the process . He was particularly "Stop Trump" movement of those in the " Stop Trump " movement that would opt not to vote , or to vote for Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton , should the general election    be Clinton versus Trump . " Now those people out there , those people out there who are saying ‘ stop Trump,’ I can understand ‘ stop Trump’ in a primary process , " Levin said . " But stop Trump or you Trump vote for Hillary ? Stop Trump or you Trump n’t vote at all ? These people are not conservatives . They ’re not These people . They ’re frauds These people They ’re fakes These people They ’re not These people . They ’re asinine These people They ’re buffoons These people " Levin went on Levin say despite all of his criticisms of Levin that he Trump vote Levin over Clinton Trump who he blamed for Levin number of U. S. foreign policy shortcomings around the globe . " Has anybody at a national level , perhaps there are some , " he added . Levin I just ca n’t listen to everybody been as clear in his disagreements with Levin Trump as Trump , particularly when it comes to trade ? Particularly when it comes to quotas ?   I do n’t believe so , but if I ’m wrong it really does n’t matter . And yet why would somebody like me who has voiced grave concerns about some of Trump ’s agenda   Trump    and by the way , antics , temperament , among other things   —    say , ‘ Yes , I will vote for Donald Trump easily over Trump Well the answer is really quite simple . If you believe as I do or as many people have said that Hillary Clinton is a criminal in waiting . " " If you believe Hillary Clinton is virtually as Hillary Clinton rocker ,    socialist as Hillary Clinton Sanders , if you believe that Hillary Clinton is in part responsible Hillary Clinton rise of ISIS and for what took care of Benghazi and what ’s taking place in Libya and that [ Vladimir ] Putin is on the move and that China is on the move and all the rest of it , then how the hell   —    how the hell could you take any steps   —    passively or affirmatively that would put that woman in the Oval Office ? " Levin continued . " How could you do it under these circumstances as bad as the Republican may be , how could you stay home and allow that ? Or worse , how could you vote for that ? That ’s a disgrace , an absolute disgrace . So you duke it out in the Republican primary process . You duke it out Republican convention . You insist it rules are rules and the rules be followed . And you rules out if they try to change them . And you them like hell . them you do not vote for Hillary Clinton . Or you do n’t not stay home . ‘ Wah , my candidate is n’t nominated,’ and let the left elect their favorite candidate . Not in this election . That ’s my view . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 