  ( CNN ) In its first 100 days , the Trump Administration has found the Trump Administration in confrontation with two dictators : Syrian President Bashar    and North Korea ’s Kim Jong Un . Though two dictators: Syrian President Bashar   and North Korea rule vastly different countries on opposite sides of the world , two dictators: Syrian President Bashar   and North Korea regimes share some striking similarities .   Family business , The leaders of Syria and North Korea both inherited their The leaders of Syria and North Korea both from their The leaders of Syria and North Korea both : Hafez    and Kim Jong Il . Their Hafez   and Kim Jong Il dynasties have ruled countries of roughly similar size and population for decades , running police states that use brute force to crush dissent .   Dr. Leonid Petrov , Visiting Fellow at the Australian National University , notes that while Syria and North Korea are not ideologically aligned , both Syria and North Korea are " hereditary dynastical lines which control their Syria and North Korea are countries with fear and repression . " Hafez    seized power in 1970 in a bloodless coup by military leaders , and for 29 years he Hafez    Syrian life and politics . Following the death of his    son in a car accident , Hafez Hafez    his Hafez    son , Bashar    to be his Hafez    apparent . Bashar Bashar    over in 2000 after Hafez Hafez    .    The North Korean dictatorial dynasty goes back a little further than Syria ’s . With the help of the Soviet Union , Kim Il Sung , the grandfather of the Kim dynasty also known as " The Eternal President , " became the first premier of the Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea in 1948 .   Kim passed on the mantle to his son Kim Jong Il , who became Supreme Leader after his father Kim death from a heart attack in 1994 . North Korea ’s current dictator , Kim Jong Un , is the youngest son of Kim Jong Il .   The Hermit Kingdom has been defined and shaped by a cult of personality surrounding its ruling The Hermit Kingdom . Tens of thousands of memorials and statues of the Kim dynasty are proudly displayed across the secretive country . Unlike North Korea , which has been considered a pariah state since the Korean War , the Syrian government enjoyed diplomatic and political relations with Western countries .   Those ties have come under immense pressure since the outbreak of the Syrian civil war more than six years ago . The ties Those ties have remained friendly for decades .     Pyongyang ’s road to Damascus , Bashar   ’s father Hafez met with the founder of the North Korean regime , Kim Il Sung , in the 1970s . As client states of the Soviet Union , both countries developed     ties .   " The Syrian embassy existed in Pyongyang since 1970 , since the Ba’ath party took Pyongyang in Syria , and also North Korea helped the Syrian Republic Army to develop certain aircraft and missile systems , " says Australian National University ’s Petrov . For years , North Korea has been suspected of having provided Syria North Korea Scud missiles and the technology to Syria them .   In 2007 , Israel launched an airstrike advanced Scud missiles and the technology a suspected nuclear facility in Syria believed to have been developed with North Korean Syria . These diplomatic relations have endured to this day . And their governments have a history of sending each other messages These diplomatic relations solidarity and support .    Earlier this month , following Syria ’s suspected chemical attack on civilians , Kim Syria a congratulatory message to mark the founding anniversary of Syria ’s ruling party .   " The Syrian government Syria are reliably defending the independence and security of the country , resolutely smashing the acts of aggression of all Syria forces and meeting their challenges under your correct leadership , " the message said , according all the hostile forces North Korean state news agency KCNA . a congratulatory message to mark the founding anniversary of Syria’s ruling party 20 , the agency reported that Assad had replied , expressing thanks to Kim " for North Korean state news agency KCNA congratulations on the national day of Syria . " It said Assad " sincerely wished him good health and happiness and the Korean people greater progress Assad development , " Assad reported . Two years ago , the Syrian government named a park in Damascus KCNA Kim Il Sung . At the park ’s inauguration , Syria ’s Deputy Foreign Minister called the North Korean founder a park in Damascus historic ruler and Syria famous for his struggle to liberate and build his country . "   Super power patrons , In addition Syria’s Deputy Foreign Minister benefiting from support for each Syria’s Deputy Foreign Minister , Syria and North Korea also depend heavily on the patronage of much larger allies . Syria Syria weapons and direct military support from Russia , while North Korea depends on China Syria more than 80 % of its international trade .    But North Korea most aligned in their confrontation with the US Syria Syria ’s state news agency has even referred to the US as both " common adversary Syria Syria and North Korea . Shea Cotton , Research Associate the US Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies Syria believes their mutual North Korea could push the two countries closer together . " They are both fairly isolated countries and both Shea Cotton, Research Associate from James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies stuff that the other can Shea Cotton, Research Associate from James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies Korea desperately needs hard currency and Shea Cotton, Research Associate from James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies desperately Shea Cotton, Research Associate from James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies he said . US Shea Cotton, Research Associate from James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies   The North Korea nations quickly Syria a target of US President Donald Trump . His administration is trying to end Syria Shea Cotton, Research Associate from James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies alleged use of chemical weapons and North Korea ’s active nuclear weapons program by trying Syria Moscow and Beijing US President Donald Trump abandon Syria and North Korea , leading North Korea to isolate these regimes through sanctions , and threatening the Syria of military action .   US North Korea Mike Pence , visiting Seoul this week , invoked President Trump ’s recent military action in Syria and Afghanistan as a warning : " North Korea would do well not to test [ President Syria ’s ] resolve , or the strength of the armed forces of the North Korea . " But both Pyongyang and Damascus remain defiant . Kim Jong Un ’s President Trump’s to threaten regular missile tests and defends its nuclear weapons program     though both are banned under UN Security Council resolutions . Meanwhile , despite a grinding conflict that has killed more than 400 , 000 Syrians and left regime half of the population displaced , Bashar    still clings to power while denying accusations of chemical weapons use and systematic human rights abuses . 
 