There was a    invocation of "     economics " a repeated , awkward pronunciation of China some audible sniffling and a vehement complaint of a broken microphone a plea to call Sean Hannity and a gleeful shoulder shimmy . Yes , to kick off its 42nd season , " Saturday Night Live , " the NBC sketch comedy institution , opened with a parody of the first presidential debate , pitting Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton against Alec Baldwin as Donald J. Trump , and Michael Che as the baffled , deadpan moderator , Lester Holt . This eagerly awaited sketch , which opened the show on Saturday ( and which NBC had been promoting during the week as if the show were a championship prize fight ) mixed some of the    zingers and gaffes from Monday ’s debate with the show ’s own satirical takes on the political showdown . Ms. McKinnon played Mrs. Clinton as a politician still struggling to make personal connections , warning that Mr. Trump ’s policies would harm " laborers like my own human father , who made , I guess , drapes , or printed drapes or sold drapes , something with drapes   —    he Mr. Trump relatable and I am also relatable . " Meanwhile , Mr. Mr. Trump a preening ,    impersonation of Mr. Trump , who in one volatile tirade said of Mrs. Clinton : " She ’s Mrs. Clinton one with the bad temperament . She ’s Mrs. Clinton screaming . She ’s Mrs. Clinton lying . Her hair Mrs. Clinton crazy . Her face Mrs. Clinton completely orange , except around the eyes where it ’s Her face . " The lampooning of the presidential debate has become a quadrennial tradition at " S. N. L. " It ’s The lampooning of the presidential debate institution that has yielded such enduring moments as when , in 1988 , Jon Lovitz ( in the guise of Michael Dukakis ) contemplated Dana Carvey ( as the elder George Bush ) and groused , " I ca n’t believe I ’m losing to this guy " in 1992 , when Mr. Carvey Dana Carvey (as the elder George Bush) Mr. Bush and his challenger Ross Dana Carvey (as the elder George Bush) ( the latter performance had been recorded ahead of time ) and in 2000 , when Will Ferrell ( as George W. Bush ) summarized the best argument for his candidacy in Will Ferrell (as George W. Bush) single word , " strategery . " This year , anticipation for the debate parody seemed to run especially high , following the    on Monday between Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton at Hofstra University , which drew an estimated 84 million viewers , according to Nielsen . " S. N. L. " is riding the momentum of Ms. McKinnon ’s recent Emmy Award victory for her work on Ms. McKinnon’s show , and , for an added boost of adrenaline , brought in Mr. Baldwin , a frequent guest host , to play Mr. Trump this season . ( Recently , the role had been played by Darrell Hammond , a veteran " S. N. L. " cast member who is now its announcer , and Taran Killam , who left the show before the show of this season . ) this season Night Live " is also facing the question of whether it can have any the show bite on Mr. Trump , who was a controversial choice to host the program in November 2015 . NBC , the longtime home of Mr. Trump ’s reality shows " The Apprentice " and " Celebrity Apprentice , " said it was ending its business ties with him it June 2015 , Mr. Trump’s the " derogatory statements " in his announcement as a presidential Mr. Trump’s , in which he described Mexican immigrants as Mr. Trump’s rapists " and " murderers . " Nonetheless , Mr. Trump has continued to Mr. Trump’s NBC entertainment programs including " S. N. L. " and " The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon , " whose host was roundly criticized for conducting a chummy interview with Mr. Trump in September . In Mr. Trump’s season premiere , " S. N. L. " seemed to play it down the middle , balancing each joke about Mr. Trump with a zinger about Mrs. Mr. Trump’s As the    Colin Jost remarked at the start of the " Weekend Update " segment , " The first presidential debate is over , and it ’s official : We have to choose The first presidential debate Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . " Mr. Mrs. Clinton on Mr. Trump’s Update , " joked that watching the debate was like " watching a divorced couple fight for custody of a kid that hates them both . " He also compared the debate to the divorce of Angelina Mr. Che and Brad Pitt , " but if Brad Pitt only wanted to keep the white kids . Brad Pitt    sketches included a political edition of the game show " Family Feud , " in which members of the Trump family ( and Vladimir V. Putin ) competed against Mrs. Clinton ’s allies , including Bernie Sanders ( played by the frequent " S. N. L. " guest star Larry David ) . 
 