Jerusalem Post columnist Caroline Glick accuses the    League ( ADL ) of launching false attacks on Stephen K. Bannon in order to cover up rising antisemitism in the Democratic Party , as exemplified by Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) . [ Ellison is currently a leading candidate to head the Democratic National Committee . As Jerusalem Post columnist Caroline Glick notes :   Ellison made history in 2006 when Ellison was elected to serve as the first Muslim member of Congress . As the representative of an overwhelmingly Democratic district , once Ellison won the Democratic primary in 2006 , Ellison was all but guaranteed that Ellison could serve in Congress for as long as Ellison wishes . As Scott Johnson , a prominent conservative writer who runs the popular Powerlineblog website reported extensively in 2006 , Ellison is an   . Ellison also defends cop killers . As Johnson reported , Ellison was a long standing member of the    Nation of Islam . During Ellison 2006 Congressional campaign , the local media gave next to no coverage to this association .    …      As a member of Congress , Ellison has been among the most hostile US lawmakers towards Israel . Ellison has close relations with Muslim Brotherhood related groups like the Council on    Relations and Islamic Society of North America . Muslim Brotherhood related groups like the Council on   Relations and Islamic Society of North America were unindicted    in the Holy Land Foundation terror funding trial , implicated in funding Hamas and al Qaida . Glick then rips the ADL ’s defamatory campaign against Bannon , describing it defamatory campaign against Bannon a partisan attack to serve the Democratic Party ’s interests : The the ADL to be trying to give cover to the rising forces of    in the Democratic the Democratic Party’s falsely accusing Bannon and Bannon him Trump Bannon    the ADL the ADL real problem of Democratic   . And if the ADL does the ADL there is a problem with Ellison taking over the DNC , but alleges that Republicans hate them , then rank in file Jews will stay put . Read Glick ’s whole column here . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 