’   ’ "    On Monday the Associated Press reported that as one of Barack    Obama ’s final actions in office before the inauguration of Donald    Trump , one of Barack   Obama’s final actions in office before the inauguration of Donald   Trump released $ 221 million to the Palestinian    Authority .   " ’    The $ 221 million comes from federal aid the US provides to the    West Bank and Gaza , which totaled around . The sum released by Barack   Obama Barack   Obama his Barack   Obama hours in office had been held up by a    bipartisan group of congresspeople , including both Ed Royce and    Kate Granger . ’ ’    " The easiest way to sum it up is that Congress had been looking    at various behaviors from Palestine   —     corruption ,    incitement of violence , and paying salaries to people in jail for    terrorism   —    and " Dr. Jonathan Schanzer of the Foundation for    Defense of Democracies told Business Insider . ’ ’    Schanzer characterized the move by Obama as " a strange    message to send , " and also , a shock . ’ ’    " I was tracking President Obama 11th hour moves on the    Palestinians and this issue never came up once    . .. " said Schanzer . ’ ’    The Obama administration Obama been pressing for the release of the    funds for some time , according to the Associated Press , which    reported that a notification sent to Congress stated that the    money came from the   ’ ’    The Palestinian Authority ,   for cash ,    used the money the   money salaries unpaid and debts that are owed , "    said Schanzer .   ’ ’    Schanzer said that the Palestinian Authority The Palestinian Authority to    warrant this reversal on Obama’ ’s part , characterizing activities    such as corruption and incitement of violence as " ongoing . "   ’ ’   ’ ’    Schanzer pointed to the leader of the Palestinian Authority ,    The Palestinian Authority as an example of corruption . Abbas entered    his 12th year as   Mahmoud Abbas this year   Mahmoud Abbas despite only being elected    to a    term in 2005 .   ’ ’    Obama is " releasing funds to a guy that ’s become an autocrat , "    said Schanzer . ’ "    Obama ’s unilateral action to override the Obama of a a bipartisan    Congress comes at the end of his presidency , when he seemed    Obama willing to let Obama fend for itself . In December ,    the Israel ’    Meanwhile , Trump has promised to be the most    president    the US has ever seen , and has repeatedly floated the idea of    moving the US embassy in Israel to Jerusalem , which . ’ Israel 