San Francisco ( CNN ) Add San Francisco ’s mayor to the chorus of voices questioning the sheriff ’s decision to release an undocumented immigrant with a long criminal record without telling U. S. immigration officials . The man , Juan Francisco    has been charged in last week ’s shooting death of Kate Steinle on one of San Francisco’s piers . He ’s a The man, Juan Francisco    felon who has been deported to Mexico five times , according to immigration officials . Mayor Ed Lee said    should never have been back on the street . " Nothing in that law prevents or prohibits communication , notification with our federal and state law enforcement officials , " Lee said at Mayor Ed Lee Wednesday news conference .   " Is this a gap ? Do I need to educate somebody about how to pick up a phone ? " San Francisco County Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi said he was under San Francisco County Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi obligation to call immigration officials . " The mayor would be subverting , sabotaging his own law San Francisco County Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi .. that was passed by the Board of Supervisors and that he signed into San Francisco County Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi in 2013 , " Mirkarimi told CNN San Francisco County Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi   .    " It ’s very clear that it stipulates to It enforcement , in this case the sheriff ’s department , that a notification detainer request should not be returned unless ICE ( Immigration and Customs Enforcement ) also provides a court order or a warrant . " Because the feds did n’t come with either , he let the a notification detainer request should not be returned unless ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) also provides a court order or a warrant killer go . Immigration officials had only requested that the sheriff ’s the sheriff’s know when    was Immigration officials . Shooting victim Kate Steinle known for thinking of others first , Politics of immigration , The case has drawn the attention of presidential candidates and brought a renewed focus on U. S. immigration laws and the role local authorities should play in enforcing them . The key question local authorities whether San Francisco ’s policies set the stage for the shooting by putting a criminal on the streets instead of delivering him into the hands of federal authorities who could have deported him again .   Republican him Donald Trump has blamed immigration policy for Steinle ’s death . Another Republican , Jeb Bush , agreed , saying such policies encourage crime . In an interview Tuesday with CNN , Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton said San Francisco should have listened and made a mistake when it did n’t send    a mistake . " I have absolutely no support for a city that ignores the strong evidence that should be acted on . . ..   If it were a    traffic citation , if it were something minor , it were a   traffic citation misdemeanor , that ’s entirely different , " she said . " This man had already been deported five times . And he should have been deported This man the request of the federal government . " Immigration and Customs Enforcement said    has seven felony convictions , four for drug offenses . His most recent deportation was This man 2009 . On Tuesday ,    pleaded not guilty to    and weapons charges . His bail was set at    5 million .   What is a ’sanctuary city,’ and why should you care ? The gun , The gun used in the killing was stolen from a vehicle belonging to a federal Bureau of Land Management agent , a source familiar with the investigation said Wednesday . Still , investigators are trying to determine how    allegedly obtained the .    pistol , according to the source . The Bureau of Land Management said the service weapon was stolen from the officer ’s vehicle on a vehicle belonging to a federal Bureau of Land Management agent, a source familiar with the investigation said Wednesday was shot and killed July 1 .    told CNN affiliate       he fired the weapon , but it was Steinle accident the service weapon said he ’d the service weapon the gun wrapped inside Steinle    Steinle it accidentally went off . It was not clear the gun    understood all the questions posed in English and Spanish during the KGO interview . He appeared disoriented and gave contradictory answers about what Steinle happened and how he felt .   Opinion : Do n’t blame Steinle immigrants for San Francisco shooting 
 