Following a wave of hate crime hoaxes generally reported to make    Donald Trump supporters look deplorable , ABC News is now highlighting the hardships of the fake claims on Muslims . [ In a piece which states that hate hoaxes by    " discredit " Muslims altogether , ABC News interviewed Islamic followers to shed pity for the Muslim community after a New York City Muslim woman hoaxed an attack by Trump supporters :   After two reports of    hate crimes were determined to be fake by authorities this month , the the Muslim community concerned that these " few two reports of   hate crimes " unfairly discredit and delegitimize the dozens of real    hate crimes and instances Islamophobia out there , " according to the Muslim Public Affairs Council ( MPAC ) . " The way our community is the Muslim community the media is unfortunately very monolithic , " MPAC spokeswoman Rabiah Ahmed told ABC News today . " When one person acts out   —    whether it ’s making a false report or some other type of bad behavior   —    it ’s often looked upon as if the whole it is responsible for it , and it ’s saddening . " In the whole community New York the whole community hate crime hoax , the Muslim woman alleged that Trump supporters attacked her Rabiah Ahmed , calling her a " terrorist " Rabiah Ahmed blamed New Yorkers for not Rabiah Ahmed in to help her . A week after the incident was reported as fact Rabiah Ahmed BuzzFeed and other mainstream media outlets , police announced that the Muslim woman had fabricated the incident . She was then Rabiah Ahmed court on charges for the incident police Rabiah Ahmed with a shaved head and eyebrows sans hijab , a Muslim headdress . Sources told the New York Daily News that her parents shaved her head as punishment and were similarly upset that she Rabiah Ahmed dating a Rabiah Ahmed . In a similar incident , a Muslim Rabiah Ahmed in Louisiana hoaxed a hate crime immediately following Trump ’s victory against Hillary Clinton , as Breitbart Texas reported . The woman was also charged with filing a fake police report . ABC News’ a Muslim woman in Louisiana predominantly on the impact of hoax hate crimes on Muslims , rather than Trump supporters who are primarily blamed for the fake attacks : Ibrahim Hooper , national Trump’s director for the Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) told ABC News today that he believes the false reports are " statistically inevitable when you have such a large pool of reports . "    …      Hooper added that he was concerned about how such reports are used against the    community at large Hooper which has been hurting and experiencing tremendous levels of fear , especially after the presidential election . " These false reports unfortunately give ammunition to the industry of Islamophobes who promote the demonization the false reports Islamic Muslims , " he said . " But one or two false reports should not take away from the credibility Hooper dozens of other real ones . " The CAIR spokesperson goes on to tell ABC News that Muslims hoaxing hate crimes are under " psychological stress " by the incoming Trump administration and are developing " mental health issues , " which can lead to hate crime fabrications . The Muslim Public Affairs Council spokesperson gave ABC News a similar explanation , blaming " societal pressures The CAIR spokesperson crime hoaxes . John Binder is ABC News for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 