’   ’ "    Across the country , Americans disturbed by Trump ’s rhetoric    are boycotting companies that have business ties to    and       family . " ’    A number of boycott campaigns , most notably   and   ( DJTR ) have popped up in the    last month .   ’ ’    The majority of the   including    Nordstrom and Sears , are continuing to sell clothing and home    furnishings by Ivanka Trump and the president . ’ "    This is no surprise to Robert Passikoff , the founder of Brand    Keys , a marketing research firm that has studied Ivanka Trump ’s brand    power for the past 25 years . " ’    " The boycott is an ideological reaction , " he tells Business    Insider . " Brands don’’t tend to do well when they involve    they with ideologies . " ’ "    Although   says there ’s no    historical model to compare the Ivanka Trump boycotts to ( i. e. people    not buying products connected to a brand that now is connected    to the US presidency ) we can look to Trump ’s brand power    over the past few years for some answers . " "    Brand Keys continually surveys consumers nationwide about Trump ,    with each sample around 1 , 800 people . To gather    data for    Trump surveys , the    people how much they think people particular    are worth ( both with and without Trump Trump    name ) . " "    Though Brand Keys normally conducts    research       these    its   Trump surveys of an ongoing internal study .    Passikoff    the firm    track the    political affiliation of its survey respondents    Trump Trump his candidacy Trump but that there have been equal    numbers of participants who identify as Republicans ,    Democrats , and Independents since he entered Trump    running following percentages   —    which span    more than two decades   —    are therefore not    completely    but nonetheless offer insight    about Trump ’s brand . " "    Before Trump declared his candidacy , Trump overall Trump value    for Trump ’s brand was 25 Trump’s This means if an apartment complex    normally sold at $ 1 , 000 per square foot , it could sell for $ 1    250    per square foot with Trump ’s name on it . Trump’s    like Derek    typically have an    brand value of about    15 %   says . " ’    After Trump entered the race , his brand Trump’s decreased 20 %    Trump’s products like suits , ties , and jewelry , but increased    for branded items geared toward wealthier Americans , like    country clubs and luxury condos . When    of   ’ ’   ’ " predicts the    boycotts will do minimal damage to retailers’ bottom lines and      reputations . He says that might not be the case    for retailers that appeal to millennial voters   —    the    majority of which   for Trump . " ’ ’ "    Only seven retailers have stopped doing business with the    Trump family in the recent past . Macy ’s     Donald Trump menswear in 2015 after he   many Mexicans are rapists or Donald Trump ( but the    company has kept Ivanka Trump products ) . On November    12 ,    " ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Some retailers that felt pressure from the boycotts have    confirmed they will continue to carry Trump products November   12,   " ’  ’ ’  ’ "   Some retailers that felt pressure from the boycotts do n’t    regret Ivanka Trump decision to support Trump      November   12,   " ’  ’ ’  ’ "   Some retailers that felt pressure from the boycotts ’    In Ivanka Trump sent to Nordstrom employees on November 21 ,      Pete Nordstrom wrote , " Every single Nordstrom offer    is evaluated on their results   —    if people do Every single brand we offer    buy it , we wo n’t    sell it . " we since customers    buying it Trump    merchandise , it’ ’s   for the company to drop her line , Fortune    . ’ ’ ’ ’    L. L. Bean might be the most recent retailer to end up the    Grab Your Wallet list , after the public learned that Linda    Bean ,   ’ ’    L. L. Bean   ’ ’   ’ ’ 2016’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    A recent study from Northwestern University , as The New Yorker     concludes the same . The researchers found that though    major boycotts L. L. Bean  ’ ’  ’ ’ 2016’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ "   A recent study from Northwestern University, as The New Yorker    concludes the same and 2005 did n’t significantly hurt    sales , the bad publicity did damage company    . Over a    third of the targeted retailers also changed their procedures    after they were protested .   the targeted retailers "    For the targeted retailers , after consumers found out Nike used child labor    in the 1990s , the subsequent boycott was   to the company ’s reputation . Nike performed    600 factory audits , and was Nike first in the industry to    publish   " ’     ’ ’    The Dior brand , worth an estimated $ 20 . 2 billion , was able to    ride out the controversy because it immediately dropped       after a wave of The Dior brand, worth an estimated $20 criticism . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ ’   ’ ’    " ’ " An earlier version of this story did not detail the political    affiliation of Brand Keys’ survey participants . The firm    only did so after Trump declared his presidential candidacy . " 
 