Washington ( CNN ) Republican Rep. Sean Duffy on Monday chided Donald Trump over Donald Trump Twitter jabs at Jeff , urging the GOP nominee not to be " so sensitive . " " I do n’t know what Jeff is doing taking shots at Donald Trump but Donald Donald Trump to rise above all of this and unify the party , " the Wisconsin congressman     and Trump supporter Donald Trump told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room . " " And by responding to the punch that Flake gave him , does n’t bring people closer together . It fissures Jeff divides the Republican base not just in Arizona the punch that Flake gave him around the country . " Duffy ’s call followed Trump ’s Donald Trump night tweets slamming Flake , who that morning on CNN ’s " State of the Union " reiterated to Jake Tapper his refusal to back the GOP    citing public policy stances Jake Tapper temperament . Trump in Donald Trump described Flake on Twitter as " weak " and " ineffective , " among other insults . Giuliani : Trump no longer wants mass deportations , On Monday Duffy said it was time for Trump to Donald Trump the hatchet so he could win over GOP loyalists , independents and soft Democrats Duffy adding , " We do n’t have enough Republicans to win this race . " Addressing Trump directly Donald Trump Duffy continued : " Donald , listen , do n’t be Duffy sensitive . Take the hit . Let it roll off your back and , you know , look the hit . Take shots at Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama if you want , but do n’t take shots at your own party . " Trump refuses Donald Trump rule out legal status for undocumented immigrants , Duffy conceded that Trump ’s Donald Trump anticipated immigration policy speech in Duffy last week did little to quell concerns some voters have with his hardline Donald Trump . " Well , I think we have to go with the most recent statements and I think , Wolf , that ’s the right decision on his part , " Duffy said . " I mean , Wolf with regard to Duffy where you have kids that are citizens and parents who are not it makes sense to soften his position on those who are    citizens that are working hard , that are participating in the American economy . " Obama suffers the slings and arrows of a restive world , Duffy also disagreed with Trump ’s response to tensions in    Duffy , which were on display during President Obama ’s trip to Hangzhou , China , for the G20 Summit this weekend . " I do n’t know if that ’s appropriate diplomacy , packing up the plane and taking off and coming home , " Duffy told Blitzer in reaction to what Trump said he would Duffy if he were faced with the frosty reception Trump experienced in Hangzhou Trump Sunday . " But I also Obama the Chinese Hangzhou trying to stick their finger in the president ’s eye and make him look the Chinese and not show him due respect that a Trump leader . " 
 Trump 