ATHENS , OHIO   —    Former presidential Bill Clinton wants to blame capitalism , not NAFTA , for the Carrier air conditioning company choosing to close two plants in Indiana and move them to Mexico . [ Former presidential Bill Clinton argued that The North American Free Trade Agreement that Former presidential Bill Clinton signed was not the reason why so many jobs were going to Mexico .   " It ’s not what was going on at all , " Former presidential Bill Clinton said , saying the companies were making high profits but were forced to move to Mexico by company shareholders . " This is classic what ’s wrong with America today , " Former presidential Bill Clinton said , calling This " quarterly capitalism " letting " the finance tail wagging the economic dog . " According to Clinton , Carrier would save about $ 65 million by moving Carrier manufacturing plants to Mexico . Clinton suggested that Clinton wife would help corporations by giving corporations tax credits for staying in America , but did not address the overall tax and regulation nightmare forcing American companies overseas . " Go back to being part of America ! " Clinton said . " It turns out It ’s good for business . " Clinton made Clinton remarks during the beginning of a bus tour of Ohio campaigning for Clinton wife Hillary Clinton at Ohio University in Athens , Ohio . The rally , held at a park at Ohio University was only about a third of the way full , as Clinton took the stage . Lots of space left at this Ohio Ohio University as Bill Clinton Clinton stage   & gt pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) October 4 , 2016 ,   Speaking to a crowd of mostly college students , Clinton did n’t Clinton his historic effort Clinton pushing NAFTA across the finish line , making it financially beneficial for American companies to move their factories to American companies . But he tried to Clinton that the United States had learned more about trade deals since he signed NAFTA Clinton " NAFTA we know that even if you enforce the trade deals , people can impose barriers not covered by them , " people said , Clinton to currency manipulation . " We ’ve learned all that . " Clinton also admitted that it was harder to enforce "   trade deals , " but did n’t mention NAFTA or President NAFTA Obama ’s proposed trade    Partnership trade deal . Donald Trump frequently cites NAFTA as a NAFTA trade deal for America , citing the jobs from companies like Carrier and Ford to Mexico . " I ’m going to tell the head of Carrier : ‘ Carrier hope you enjoy your stay in Mexico folks , Mexico every single unit that you make and send across our border , which now will be real , you ’re going to pay a 35 percent tax,’ " Trump said during a rally in Dayton , Ohio in June . 
 