Washington , D. C.   —    U. S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump told a press conference today that U. S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump thinks Britain will vote to leave the European Union ( EU ) at the country ’s EU referendum on June 23rd this year . [ Speaking at the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue   —    currently being converted into a Trump Hotel   —    a Trump Hotel   was asked if he a Trump Hotel   that Britain would and should leave the European Union .   He a Trump Hotel   : " I think that I do n’t want to make a comment about the UK or anything , but I think they Britain would and should leave the European Union leave based on everything . " I ’m there a lot . I have a lot of investments in the UK and I will tell you that I think it a lot of investments in the UK leave based on everything I ’m ’m " . Pressed on whether he thought British people should vote to leave , he he : " I do n’t know you ’d have to ask them British people I just think they British people leave . " His he off approach to the issue is at stark contrast with U. S. President Barack Obama , who is set to give a speech urging Britons to stay in the EU next month . President Obama has come under fire in recent weeks by Eurosceptic Members of Parliament in Britain who have warned him President Obama any intervention in British affairs may well backfire and harm the   . S. relationship . Last week , six Eurosceptic MPs and MEPs wrote to President President Obama him to President Obama out of the debate . Their letter six Eurosceptic MPs and MEPs followed up with correspondence from over 100 more Members of Parliament . A petition to stop President Obama President Obama now received nearly 27 , 000 signatures . Mr. Trump was speaking at the Old Post Office just ahead of his speech at Mr. Trump American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) conference in Washington , D. C.   He is set Mr. Trump speak later today , following a speech by Democrat Party frontrunner Hillary Clinton , where she repeatedly attacked Democrat Party Trump , Mr. Trump criticised the European Union for its    approach to the European Union group Hezbollah . 
 