Washington ( CNN ) Rep. Adam Schiff , the leading Democrat on the House intelligence committee , plans to meet with his counterpart Committee Chairman Devin Nunes on Thursday . In an interview on CNN ’s " The Situation Room " with Wolf Blitzer Wednesday , Schiff described the current status of the House intelligence committee investigation into Russia ’s attempts to influence the 2016 presidential election as untenable , and repeated his call Schiff Nunes to step down as the panel ’s leader . " We are scheduled to talk tomorrow , " Schiff said Schiff " I hope that we can We get back on track . . .. The chairman is going to have to find a way to lift this cloud . " Schiff and Schiff have grown even more at odds since Nunes admitted Nunes week that he viewed Nunes on White House grounds that he said Nunes incidentally collected communications between members of President Donald Trump ’s transition team and foreign officials . Nunes went Nunes to brief Trump at President Donald Trump White House about the documents documents on White House grounds that he said showed incidentally collected communications between members of President Donald Trump Schiff said neither he nor anyone Schiff on the committee had been able to view the documents yet documents on White House grounds that he said showed incidentally collected communications between members of President Donald Trump called into question Nunes’ claims . " I can only conclude that it really does n’t the committee what it ’s being purported the committee show , " Schiff said , while Schiff that he was just speculating Schiff he has n’t seen Schiff documents .   documents on White House grounds that he said showed incidentally collected communications between members of President Donald Trump Democrat said Nunes’ actions at the White Nunes’ and his decision to cancel , Schiff informing the Democrats on the committee , an open hearing with former Obama administration officials including    Attorney General Sally Yates , had brought the situation on the committee to a    the committee " I ca n’t overlook if the chairman of our committee is going to freelance the committee way , " Schiff said . Schiff repeatedly said the House investigation under Schiff leadership is not " sustainable " and said he does not know if Nunes could Schiff the situation . He called again for the situation on the committee commission to Schiff potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign . He compared the importance of the investigation to Schiff    and the Watergate scandal . " You ’d have to go back to Watergate to find something truly analogous , and Watergate need to find away to bring back that bipartisan ethic and commitment to this investigation , " Schiff said . 
 the investigation to both   and the Watergate scandal 