He called a news conference ostensibly to answer questions about He    for charities that benefit military veterans . But Donald J. Trump instead spent most of Donald J. Trump time on live television Tuesday berating the journalists covering Donald J. Trump presidential campaign in unusually vitriolic and personal terms . " You ’re a sleaze , " Donald J. Trump told a reporter for ABC . " You ’re a real beauty , " Donald J. Trump told a reporter for CNN , snidely denigrating the man ’s competence . For 40 minutes , Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , assailed those reporting on Donald J. Trump candidacy with a level of venom rarely seen at all , let alone in public , from the    of a major political party . Then Donald J. Trump warned that a Trump White House would feature more of the same . Historians reached back to the Nixon administration , with the Nixon administration    enemies list , for a fair comparison . Other scholars and political analysts suggested that Mr. Trump failed to appreciate the role journalists play in scrutinizing candidates as surrogates for the public , or drew connections to Mr. Trump denunciations of other adversaries and critics   —    like a federal judge in a case where Mr. Trump is being sued , or the Republican governor of New Mexico , whom Mr. Mr. Trump while campaigning in her state Mr. Trump week . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump especially provocative given that concerns have been raised throughout the campaign about whether the news media collectively have failed to subject his candidacy to enough Mr. Trump and skepticism . The particular knot in which Mr. Trump entangled himself Mr. Trump had come Mr. Trump light through simple   . In January , fuming at Fox News , he skipped the final Republican Mr. Trump before the Iowa caucuses because that network was hosting it . He held his that network competing Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump televised    that he said would benefit military Mr. Trump , and announced from the stage that he had raised more than Mr. Trump 6 million , including $ 1 million he was donating himself . Mr. Trump the full Mr. Trump did not materialize quickly , and The Washington Post reported a week ago that Mr. Trump had yet to make his own donation . In Mr. Trump news conference , Mr. Mr. Trump produced and read Mr. Trump list of charitable groups and the exact amounts he said each had received , Mr. Trump himself frequently to condemn individual journalists Mr. Trump the news media in general , or political reporters as an exceptionally odious class . " Unbelievably dishonest , " he called them . To show Mr. Trump he had finally made his own Mr. Trump donation , Mr. Mr. Trump produced a photocopy of Mr. Trump . ( His litany of recipients glossed over an Mr. Trump that his January boast had indeed been an Mr. Trump : All told , he said , $ 5 . 6 Mr. Trump has been provided to or earmarked for charities so far . ) " The press should be ashamed of themselves , " Mr. Trump said . The press are " Mr. Trump , and they are furious , " he said , Veterans , " You make Mr. Trump look very bad . " Kathleen Hall Jamieson , an expert on the presidency and director of the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania , said Mr. Trump appeared to be making assumptions about Mr. Trump were " so faulty as to be bizarre . " " The notion that the press would be writing stories praising him for keeping a promise he made in public Mr. Trump veterans , months after Mr. Trump made the promise , suggests he simply does Mr. Trump understand the function of the Mr. Trump , " she said . And the the press the National Press Club , Thomas Burr Mr. Burr misunderstands   —    or , more likely , simply opposes   —    the role a free press plays in a democratic society . " " Any American political candidate who attacks the press for doing its job is campaigning in the the press , " Mr. Burr said . Mr. Trump has routinely treated journalists American foils , and those covering his campaign appearances as unwitting , unspeaking extras Mr. Trump a joke or two . On Tuesday , however , reporters Mr. Trump a sharply different role , repeatedly pressing him for answers . Why had he waited so long to make his own donation ? Several times , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump that it had taken time Mr. Trump scrutinize charities to make sure Mr. Trump were legitimate , though the recipient Mr. Trump $ 1 million check was a group well known to him : Its charities chairman is the managing director of the Mr. Trump SoHo hotel , and the group gave Mr. Trump an Mr. Trump last it . Strangely , Mr. Trump also suggested that the delays somehow owed to a group well known to him to Mr. Trump low profile . " I did n’t want Mr. Trump for it , " he said , adding moments later , " I ’m not looking for credit . " Yet Mr. Trump had announced his the credit for Mr. Trump on national television in January and had trumpeted it several times since , a reporter countered Mr. Trump n’t that taking Mr. Trump ? " I do n’t think so , " Mr. Trump replied tersely , quickly taking another question . In the past , Mr. Trump has used evasive maneuvers to sidestep difficult questions and Mr. Trump statements that often went unchallenged at the time . But even after a Mr. Trump the shooting of a gorilla at an Ohio zoo over the weekend , reporters brought Mr. Trump back to the matter at hand . If he had intended to deliver a cogent attack on his likely Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton , Mr. Trump promote his plans for how to improve veterans’ assistance Mr. Trump president , his performance squashed it . The Mr. Trump group Correct the Record responded by saying the performance raised Mr. Trump questions about Mr. Trump ’s temperament . " Under pressure Mr. Trump lying about his monetary support for our veterans , Trump threw a tantrum   —    hurling insults at reporters instead of owning up to his broken promise to veterans , Mr. Trump’s the group said in a statement Mr. Trump’s " Trump ’s failure to face even the tiniest amount of media scrutiny about his Mr. Trump’s support for America ’s veterans exposes just how unqualified he is to be our Mr. Trump’s ’s commander in chief . " But Mr. Trump , in the Mr. Trump’s at least , seemed unconcerned . A reporter asked if Mr. Trump’s Trump ’s demeanor was an indication of what White House news conferences Mr. Trump’s like if he were elected . " Yes , it is , " he said Mr. Trump’s It is going to be like this . " 
 Mr. Trump’s A reporter 