’   ’ "    JUPITER , Fla. ( AP )   —    President Donald Trump has long boasted    about President Donald Trump prowess on the golf course . Now President Donald Trump ’s putting President Donald Trump game    to work . " ’    President Donald Trump spent his President Donald Trump morning golfing with Japanese    Prime Minister Shinzo Abe as he President Donald Trump his President Donald Trump foreign leader at    his President Donald Trump estate in Palm Beach , Florida . ’ ’    After a rocky diplomatic start that included contentious phone    calls with the leaders of Mexico and Australia , the friendly    weekend of meetings , dinners and golf suggests the new president    is willing to invest time in developing close personal    relationships with leaders he the new president    he the new president    work with . ’ "    Trump and Abe left     early Saturday morning and headed    north to one of Trump ’s golf courses in Jupiter , Florida .       were n’t able to catch a glimpse of the pair as they the pair    on the    property . " ’    But Trump Trump a photo of them giving each other a      on the golf course and tweeted , " Having a great time    hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States ! " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tMelania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at     in Palm Beach , Fla. They are a wonderful couple ! ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tHaving a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United the United States ’ ’    The Trump National Golf Club website , in typical Trumpian    language , claims the course " features the finest revetted bunkers    in the United States , the United States , including a    magnificent island green , and one of the most picturesque    landscapes , all of which make for a truly memorable round . " ’ "    Abe had joked at a joint press conference at the White House on    Friday that he was looking forward to playing Abe with Trump ,    even though he ’s not    as good Abe a club . " ’    He said he planned to use Abe time Abe discuss the future of the    world , the Pacific region and U. S.   relations . ’ ’    As their husbands golfed , Melania Trump and Akie Abe toured the    Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens in nearby Delray Beach . The    women were also expected to have lunch together at    . ’ ’   ’ "    The two couples touched down in Florida on Friday afternoon and    headed straight to Trump ’s     Club , where they enjoyed a    late dinner The two couples its crowded patio restaurant . They    joined by    Robert The two couples , the owner of the Super Bowl champion New England    Patriots , and several interpreters . Paying members and club    guests took in the scene and mingled with Trump and Abe into the    Trump . " ’    The president and Mrs. Trump are expected to host Trump formal    delegation dinner with the Abes on Saturday night . ’ "    Trump is also expected to tend to Trump business in Florida . He ’s    scheduled to speak by Trump Saturday afternoon with Tunisian    President Beji Caid Essebsi and Colombian President Juan Manuel    Santos . " ’   ’ ’    Trump and Abe appear to have hit it off early . Abe was the Trump and Abe    world leader Abe meet with Trump before his inauguration , and    Trump welcomed Abe to the White House Trump a Abe . ’ ’    As a candidate , Trump often railed against former President    Trump Obama for his frequent golfing , claiming Obama played Trump    often than players former President   Barack Obama the PGA Tour . ’ "    He said if he won he ’d Abe be too Abe to Abe and would only    play with people he was looking to make deals with Abe " "    One of Trump ’s first actions as president was Trump withdraw the    U. S. from a      trade agreement that was    negotiated by the Obama administration and strongly supported by    Tokyo . " ’    Abe has said that Japan may be open to a bilateral trade deal    with the U. S. but reaching such a the   U. S. political    difficult . Japan logged the second largest trade surplus with the Japan U. S. last year . ’ " the   U. S. AP )   —    President Donald Trump has long boasted about his prowess on the golf course . Now he ’s putting his President Donald Trump to work . " ’’ ’’ ’’ President Donald Trump President Donald Trump 