  ( CNN ) President Barack Obama did not record private meetings in the White House , a former White House official tells  (CNN) . "  (CNN) obviously did n’t record private meetings , " a former White House official said . " The Obama White House did n’t secretly record private meetings " the White House press office had a stenographer in meetings with journalists in order to have an independent transcript of the interviews , a common practice , the former official said a former White House official of that was hidden , " the former official said . " a former White House official in interviews with a tape a stenographer sometimes even a boom mic     the same stenographers would tape and transcribe press briefings and gaggles . Journalists who interviewed President Obama would have been familiar with that . "   On Friday , President Donald Trump tweeted a warning to former FBI director James Comey , whom he fired earlier in the week , saying he President Donald Trump better hope that there are no ’tapes’ President Donald Trump our conversations before he starts leaking to the press . "   President Donald Trump President ’s controversial tweet about Comey and ’tapes’ President Donald Trump first time he has leveled remarks on the subject of having private conversations President Donald Trump .   In a series of early morning tweets in March , Trump accused Obama of tapping the phones in Trump Tower at the tail end of the election , saying in one message : " Terrible ! Just found out that Obama had my ’wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the Obama . Nothing found . This Trump Tower ! "   When asked to clarify Trump ’s tweet about Comey on Friday afternoon , White House Trump Sean Spicer said the tweet was " not a threat , " but he did not tweet about Comey the possibility that the President is taping his calls White House press secretary Sean Spicer " The President has nothing further to add on that , White House press secretary Sean Spicer Spicer said . the President tweet speaks for itself . " Trump also refused White House press secretary Sean Spicer elaborate on the tweet about Comey asked about it tweet about Comey an interview on Fox News . " That tweet about Comey n’t talk about , tweet about Comey he said . " I wo n’t talk about that . " " All I want is Trump Comey to be honest , " Trump added . " And I hope he will be . Trump I ’m sure he will Trump     I hope . "   Trump source tells CNN that the former FBI Trump is " not worried about any tapes " of conversations between him and the President .   If Trump is recording his conversations in the Oval Office , the former FBI director would appear to be the first Trump to do Trump since Richard Nixon . 
 Trump 