Washington ( CNN ) China ’s Foreign Ministry firmly pushed back Saturday against    Donald Trump ’s suggestion that the " One China " policy on Taiwan is negotiable , calling the "One China" policy on Taiwan the " political foundation " of the relationship between the US and China . China views Taiwan as a renegade province and , since 1979 , the US has acknowledged Beijing ’s claim that Taiwan is part of China , with    relations governed by a set of protocols known as the " One China " policy . " The ’One China’ principle is the political foundation of    relations and it is   . We urge the relevant side in the US to recognize the high sensitivity of the Taiwan issue and abide by the pledges by successive US administrations from both parties , " spokesman Lu Kang said .   spokesman Lu Kang was responding to a question about Trump ’s remarks Friday in The Wall Street Journal in which spokesman Lu Kang said , " Everything is under negotiation , including ’One China.’ " " the pledges by successive US administrations from both parties include adopting the ’One China’ policy , adhering to the principles in the three    joint communiques and properly handling the Taiwan issue . Only doing so would prevent the healthy and stable development of    relations as well as bilateral cooperation in major areas from being affected , " Lu spokesman Lu Kang . Chinese state media slams Tillerson over South China Sea , The Chinese official highlighted the international community ’s view on the the Taiwan issue a statement .   " There is only one China in the world . Taiwan is an inseparable part of Chinese territory and the People ’s Republic of China is China sole legitimate government representing China , China Lu said . " These are facts recognized by the international community and no one can change this . " China ’s China ministry lodged a complaint last month with the United States after a phone call between Trump and Taiwan President Tsai    overturned decades of diplomatic protocol , because there are no formal diplomatic relations between the US and the province . At the time , Trump said Trump was Trump accepting a congratulatory call from the Taiwan leader , tweeting , " Interesting how the U. S. sells Taiwan billions Taiwan dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call . " 
 