  ( CNN ) Iowa Rep. Steve King said Tuesday that Georgia Rep. John Lewis trades on Georgia Rep. John Lewis status as a civil rights icon and has n’t contributed anything since then . Iowa Rep. Steve King made the comments on " Mickelson in the Morning " on WHO Iowa radio amid a discussion of Lewis’ remark last week that Donald Trump was not a " legitimate " President . Donald Trump responded by tweeting that Lewis , who was " All talk , talk , talk    no action or results . " " I ’ve served with John Lewis now for quite some time , " King , a Republican , said of John Lewis , a Democrat . " And we do n’t really always , I do n’t know that we ’ve ever found we where we ’ve been working together on legislation in that way . But I have long contemplated the idea of just going to the floor and saying , John Lewis , thank you for your contribution to civil rights during the civil rights era . I would appreciate it if you would contribute something since then . It it been a half a century.’ And a number of us have watched that and said , ’He trades off of it.’ And I guess that ’s fine . But he ’He be doing some other things too . And I have n’t seen it happen from him ’He " As a civil rights leader in 1965 , Lewis ’He beaten by Alabama state troopers in Selma , Alabama during the march to Montgomery . In Tuesday ’s radio interview , King also criticized the Congressional Black Caucus , of which Lewis ’He a member , saying that Lewis ’He partly " the voice of the the Congressional Black Caucus " He King past comments in calling it " the    caucus . the Congressional Black Caucus ’s what I want to say to people about , this is the , part of it , it ’s the voice of the this Black Caucus , " the Congressional Black Caucus And when they formed the Congressional Black Caucus back years ago , in the aftermath the Congressional Black Caucus of the civil rights movement , the shape of that , I looked at that even then and I thought , ’How can you form a caucus that ’s established on race?’ But they did and they got away with it because people did n’t want it they . And they , the Congressional Black Caucus , I just openly it , they ’re the    the Congressional Black Caucus finished the comments by giving his assessment of the the Congressional Black Caucus of the Congressional Black Caucus , Jr. " I mean , the legacy of Martin King King Jr. as yesterday we celebrated his birthday , was n’t about segregation , it was about desegregation , " he said . " But King they    and use the vehicle they created that ’s the    caucus King order to advance a leftist political agenda that is not at they reflective of Martin Luther King ’s memory . He wanted equal opportunity and they do n’t advocate for equal opportunity , they ’re advocating for special privileges Martin Luther King’s immunity from the responsibilities they other citizens have to carry . " they 