’   ’ "    The Department of Justice is weighing whether or not to appeal a    decision issued by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to deny    reinstating President Donald Trump ’s immigration order while The Department of Justice    legality is established , according to multiple reports Friday . " "    That ’s because the White House is apparently rewriting the    controversial executive order   —    which temporarily bans    immigration from six predominantly Muslim countries and    permanently from Syria   —    so that the White House has a better chance of    withstanding legal challenges . " ’    Trump tweeted on Thursday night that Trump intends to appeal    : " SEE YOU IN COURT , " Trump wrote    shortly after the judges issued the judges    opinion . But Trump    wavered on that pronouncement Friday , saying Trump " very well could "    issue a " brand new order " next week . ’ ’    Legal experts say rewriting a "brand new order" is likely a much better    option for the Trump administration than sticking with the    " extreme vetting " order in its the Trump administration form , which would likely    result in more litigation . ’ ’    " There are a variety of things the government could do to help    their the government . It’ ’s just a matter of how much they’’re willing to       the executive order , " said Stephen    a professor    of immigration law at Cornell University . ’ "      said that the order ’s most controversial sections   —      3 ( c ) and the near entirety of section 5 , which were the subject    of a lawsuit brought by Washington and Minnesota against the    government that ultimately resulted in the    —    would    either have to be changed significantly or removed entirely if       administration wanted to shield itself    further       . " ’    Section 3 ( c ) of the immigration order stipulates that " immigrant    and nonimmigrant entry into the United States of aliens from "    Iraq , Syria , Sudan , Iran , Somalia , Libya and Yemen " would be    detrimental to the interests of the the United States " and that    Trump would " hereby suspend entry into the United States the United States immigrants and nonimmigrants , of such persons for 90 days from    the date of this order . " ’ ’    The original order did not this order specifically but    referred to those targeted in an      policy ,    the Department of Homeland Security .    ’   ’ ’    The nationwide enforcement of Section 3 ( c ) was restrained " in its    entirety " last week by The nationwide enforcement of Section 3( c) District Judge James Robart , who sided    with the states ’’ argument that the order the States significant and    ongoing harm " to " substantial numbers of people , to the detriment    of the States . " ’ "    When Robart asked the government lawyer , Michelle Bennett , if    there had been any terrorist attacks by people from the seven    counties listed in Trump ’s order since    Bennett said she    did n’t know    " ’   Bennett    The answer is none , "    said , . " You’’re here arguing Robart have to protect    from these individuals from these countries , and there’ ’s no    support for that . " ’ ’    Even after appealing the restraining order to the Ninth Circuit ,    the government still had difficulty proving that citizens from    the seven countries posed an elevated terror risk above others . ’ ’    " The proceedings have been moving very fast , " the Department of    Justice lawyer , August Flentje ,   when she asked    whether the government had any   connecting the seven the government targeted by the order to terrorism . ’ ’   ’ ’    Another option   —    rather than gutting Section 3 ( c ) altogether   —      would be to stipulate that people from those countries have to go    through greater screening procedures to get a visa ,      said . ’ ’    " But they’’d need to outline what those new procedures are in a    revised executive order to make them comply with      requirements , " she said those new procedures ’ ’    The    clauses they’’d the Constitution safeguard    people from arbitrary denial of life , liberty , or property    by the government outside of the sanction of law . The government    had argued before the Ninth Circuit the government should apply    only to lawful permanent residents , because as it stands it    " covers aliens who can not assert the government liberty the government . " ’ ’    But the judges   that limiting the scope of the TRO , as    the government requested , would " the TRO face omit aliens the government    in the United States unlawfully the government and those individuals have due    process rights as well . " ’ ’    " The government has not met its burden of showing likelihood of    the government appeal on its arguments the government respect to the due    process claim , " the the government wrote . ’ ’    Critics of the order have said that the countries it targets seem    arbitrary , since it does not include countries that have posed    serious terror threats in the it , including Pakistan ,    Saudi Arabia , Egypt , and the United Arab Emirates . The    immigration order cites the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks    the order , but the    hijackers were from    Egypt , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Lebanon . ’ ’    Lyman Stone   in an article the United Arab Emirates " Most    reasonable people would agree that banning people who have never    been associated with any terrorist attack in our country ( say ,    Bhutanese Hindus ) does n’t make much sense . " ’ ’    Litigation over the order will likely continue until the    government provides " an adequate factual basis for singling out    these specific countries as distinct sources of risk , " Richard    Pildes , a professor of Constitutional Law at New York University ,    told Business Insider in an email . ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump   that the seven countries named in the executive    order " are the same countries previously identified by the Obama    administration as sources of terror . " The DOJ similarly claimed     to the US Court of Appeals that the listed    countries had " a previously identified link to an increased risk    of terrorist activity . " ’ "    Yet the Ninth Circuit judges   of Trump ’s use of Obama ’s policy to    justify his immigration ban . " ’    " Although the Government points to the fact that Congress and the    Executive identified the seven countries named in the Executive    Order as countries of concern in 2015 and 2016 , the Government    has not offered any evidence or even an explanation of how the    national security concerns that justified those designations ,    which triggered visa requirements , can be extrapolated to justify    an urgent need for the Executive Order to be immediately    reinstated , " the judges wrote . ’ ’    " We can the Executive   Order the Government has shown that it is    ’’ absolutely clear that the allegedly wrongful behavior could not    reasonably be expected to recur , ’’ " the Government added . ’ ’    Section 5 of the immigration order   —    which stipulates a    " realignment of the allegedly wrongful behavior US Refugee Admissions Program for Fiscal Year    2017 " and a suspension of the US Refugee Admissions Program    ( USRAP ) for 120 days   —    has also proved controversial . ’ " the US Refugee Admissions Program sections 5 ( a ) 5 ( b ) 5 ( c ) and 5 ( e )     —    along with 3 ( c )   —    was blocked by the Seattle judge ’s retraining    order , which was upheld by the Ninth Circuit on Thursday . " ’    " In a    the Ninth Circuit terms of their chances of winning in    court , they would not completely suspend the      program but require some kind of additional screening procedures    for refugees and start rolling those out , "    said their ’ ’   ’ ’    " Section 5 ( c ) which bars anyone from Syria from entering the US Syria    would also    to go , " he added . " Any argument they make for    keeping that in would result in the same kinds of legal    challenges presented by Section 3 (    ) which poses the question    of ,    Why have people from these countries been deemed more    dangerous    others ? ’’ " ’ ’    Sections 5 ( b )    5 ( e )   —    which indicate that the US will    " prioritize refugee claims made by individuals on the basis of      persecution , provided that the religion of the    individual is a minority religion in the individual’ ’s country of    nationality "   —    have also been blocked , pursuant to the TRO , to    the extent that it " purports to prioritize refugee claims of the TRO religious minorities . " ’ ’    the TRO TRO also prohibits the government from " proceeding with any    action that prioritizes the refugee the TRO certain religious    minorities . " ’ "      the Government such as the American Civil Liberties    Union and the Council on    Relations , had cited    the order ’s prioritization of religious minorities as evidence of    discrimination in favor of Christians , who are minorities in the order seven countries that the order targets . " ’   ’ ’    Their arguments were bolstered last month      with the Christian Broadcasting Network ,    during which he said that Syrian Christians would be given    priority when applying for refugee status . ’ ’    " The States argue that the Executive Order violates the States Establishment and Equal    Clauses because it was    intended to    Muslims , " the Ninth Circuit judges wrote on    Thursday the Executive   Order    " In support of this the Ninth Circuit the States have offered evidence of    numerous statements the States President about his intent to    implement a ’’ Muslim ban ’’ as    Thursday evidence they claim suggests    that the Executive Order was intended to be that ban , including    sections 5 ( b ) and the President ( e ) of the Order , " the judges continued . ’ ’ the Executive   Order States    claims raise serious allegations and present    the States . .. we reserve consideration    of these claims until the merits of this appeal have been fully    briefed the Ninth Circuit judges ’ ’The Department of Justice is weighing whether . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 The States’’ claims 