Monday night on Newsmax TV ’s " Unfiltered , " Dick Morris , a political commentator and former adviser to Bill Clinton , said when presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump brings up former President Bill Clinton ’s past sexual misconduct allegations it " paralyzes " his wife Democratic presidential former President Bill Clinton personally and politically because she refuses his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton talk to her husband his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton who is also her top his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton adviser .   Dick Morris said , " You know , I ’ve been there . It is the way to absolutely mess with Hillary ’s his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton . When Trump throws that accusation , it disrupts that accusation marriage of the two of them and Hillary gets his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton and Bill gets scared . And Hillary goes his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton periods where she ’s his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton talking to Bill , Bill hours , sometimes days , sometimes weeks . At one point during their presidency , they did their talk for three months . And the point is that her major his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton of advice and leadership and guidance is Bill Clinton . It ’s her major source of advice and leadership and guidance is Bill Clinton aorta that flows between them . their him , Bill Clinton ’s his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton nothing . The reason she reacts his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton viscerally to these charges is not some sense of feminist outrage . It ’s that her entire his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton is based on Bill Clinton Bill Clinton marriage his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton " He added , Bill Clinton When he sends that Bill Clinton into the Clinton operation it Bill Clinton her that shock his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton becomes a that shock and control strike . Bill gets afraid to talk to Hillary because he does n’t Bill to get yelled at . Hillary is too Hillary to speak to Bill and wants Bill show him how angry Bill is . Hillary it takes days and sometimes weeks for them to settle down . And when they are not them touch with each other , it ’s like Hillary fired her Hillary manager Hillary " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 