’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s administration has rolled out a tax plan    that proposes to slash corporate taxes , tweak personal tax rates ,    and eliminate most deductions used by wealthier Americans . " ’    a tax plan   that proposes to slash corporate taxes was announced on Wednesday by Treasury Secretary Steven    Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn during a    White House press briefing . ’ ’    While the a tax plan   that proposes to slash corporate taxes broad outlines rather than firm    legislative text , Mnuchin and Cohn said the plan a tax plan   that proposes to slash corporate taxes    " the biggest tax cut " in US history , echoing statements made by    Trump . ’ ’    While Mnuchin did not Mnuchin a deadline to passing a tax plan , he    told Mnuchin event hosted by The Hill earlier on Wednesday that the    White House and congressional leaders wanted to pass a bill " as    quickly as possible . " Mnuchin and Cohn said they would continue Mnuchin and Cohn to be    constant conversation with congressional leaders to    formulate concrete    . ’ ’    The proposal laid out Wednesday did not Wednesday a large number of    key details    including the income levels associated with a new      tax system , the tax rate for a      repatriation of corporate profits held overseas , and others . ’ ’    Here are the key points of the plan as it was released the plan ’ "    Here ’s a    summary of the tax plan provided to reporters    during a White House briefing : " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe   tax plan :   ’ "    Mnuchin said the bill would the plan for through economic growth ,    signaling an interpretation of the plan ’s effects the plan    scoring   —    a method that uses assumptions that gross domestic    product will grow because of increased spending to make up    reduced revenue . The Treasury secretary told reporters Wednesday    that he expected sustained annual GDP The Treasury secretary of 3 % . " ’    In response to the Trump plan , Republican congressional leaders    released a statement praising the plan and saying it the Trump plan serve    as the Trump plan guideposts for Congress and the Administration " in    negotiations . ’ "       ’s the full statement from House Speaker Paul Ryan , Senate    Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , House Ways & Means Committee    House Kevin Brady , and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin    Hatch : " " President Donald Trump ’s administration has . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 