Washington ( CNN ) Tensions erupted in the Senate Tuesday as Democrats stalled several of President Donald Trump ’s Cabinet picks , frustrating Republicans who accused Democrats of playing politics to try to hurt President Donald Trump’s and make the Senate Republicans look ineffective .   Party leaders squared off after a    and chaotic morning when Democrats on one committee abruptly boycotted a hearing where two top administration officials were expected to clear votes to advance to the floor . In another committee , Democrats forced a delay in voting the nominee for attorney general , admitting it was in retaliation for Trump ’s controversial executive orders this week on immigration . Votes on the floor even appeared to get personal when Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer voted against Senate Senate Leader Mitch McConnell ’s wife to be transportation secretary .   Republicans fumed . " None of this is going to lead to a different outcome . The Cabinet appointments are going to be approved . I think they The Cabinet appointments quite foolish , " said McConnell Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s    about the Democrats . " They The Cabinet appointments manufacturing issues on a daily basis to drag this process out . " Dems delay committee vote on Sessions , " Our Dems colleagues are trying to rush these through . You know ,     does n’t mean ram the nominees through , " said Schumer ,    York . " These the nominees not what Donald Trump promised and not what represents American    values . They are the nominees . They are the nominees . They are the nominees with conflict of interest . Many of them have the nominees very extreme views . " The heightened emotions were on full display just hours before Trump was Donald Trump name a Supreme Court nominee to fill the    seat of the late Justice Antonin Scalia .    The appointment could trigger a massive battle between the parties made rawer for Democrats because of the refusal of Republicans to confirm Judge Merrick Garland for the opening last year .     Democrats even rejected an invitation to the White House to hear Trump make his    Trump in the East Room . " I do n’t want to be a prop in this . I want to take this seriously this " said Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , the No . 2 Democrat , who indicated he was wary of the showmanship nature of the event .   Tempers flared early Monday after Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee abruptly refused to enter a hearing room and allow votes to take place for treasury secretary nominee Steve Mnuchin and health and human services secretary nominee Rep. Tom Price ,   .   " They are treasury secretary nominee Steve Mnuchin and health and human services secretary nominee Rep. Tom Price,   , " Sen. Orrin Hatch ,    the normally    committee chairman said bluntly about the Democrats Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee Anybody who would do something like that , it ’s a complete breach of rule , a complete breach of decorum , a complete breach of just getting along around here . " Treasury secretary nominee ’s foreign money links bring new scrutiny , But Democrats were equally upset by what they called misleading Democrats from Price about stock trades he made and from Mnuchin about foreclosures at a California bank he ran . he " This morning , the finance committee was scheduled to vote on two nominees who have misled the public and held back important information about their backgrounds . the public questions are answered , Democrats believe the committee should the finance committee forward with either nomination , " said Sen. Ron Wyden or Oregon , the committee ’s top Democrat .   The surprise decision to boycott the votes     which prompted one GOP senator , Tom Cotton of Arkansas , to suggest the     should round up the missing senators     came at the same hour that that members of the Senate Judiciary Committee squared off over Sen. Jeff Sessions ,    to be attorney general . A votes on Sessions was expected but Democrats employed a    procedural tool to    the committee from meeting the Senate Judiciary Committee than two hours after the Senate came into session the Senate Judiciary Committee move infuriated Republicans who had already pushed back a vote on Sessions for a week at the Sessions of Democrats .   A committee vote is now likely Wednesday . On the floor , Democrats are dragging out a final vote on Rex Tillerson to be secretary of state even though he easily cleared a procedural hurdle Rex Tillerson and is headed toward confirmation . Since Democrats are insisting all available debate time is used , they are forcing Republicans to keep Democrats Senate open late night this week so a final vote can occur Wednesday , according to GOP aides . Some of Trump ’s picks did advance Tuesday . Education nominee Betsy DeVos was cleared by the Senate education committee , despite a move by Democrats to invalidate the vote after it happened . Energy nominee Rick the vote and Interior Department pick Ryan ZInke were voted out of the energy committee .   On the Senate education committee Elaine Chao , McConnell ’s wife , was overwhelmingly confirmed to run the Transportation Department . But contributing to the Interior Department between the parties , Schumer was one of six Democrats to vote against the GOP leader ’s spouse .    The move rankled some Republicans and raised questions about the ability of Schumer and McConnell to get along . An aide to Schumer told McConnell that the GOP leader was surprised and McConnell happy by this the GOP leader’s the bow . " Schumer said he voted against Chao because she had n’t Schumer stated Schumer position on Trump ’s the GOP leader’s immigration the GOP leader’s order issued this week the GOP leader’s tying the fight over the confirmations to the latest flashpoint coming out of the White House .   " She has not , so I voted against her , and I the GOP leader’s vote against every nominee who does not the GOP leader’s " Schumer said .   Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , Schumer No . 2 Senate Republican , described Schumer as typically a pragmatist on nominations but said he Schumer being pulled to the left by the " Schumer    Warren faction of the party . " Sen. John McCain ,    had another explanation . He said Democrats are blocking nominations because they have a Schumer mob mentality " now because they are frustrated Democrats filled with emotion , similar to the way Democrats were when they shut down the government over Obamacare . 
 Democrats 