’   ’ ’    A bill introduced by Alabama Rep. Mike Rogers earlier this month    calls on the US to " terminate "    membership in the United    Nations and effectively sever all ties with the US . ’ ’    A bill introduced by Alabama Rep. Mike Rogers earlier this month    was proposed on January    3 . It is cosponsored by a A bill introduced by Alabama Rep. Mike Rogers earlier this month    of Republican lawmakers ,    including North Carolina Rep.    Jones , Arizona Rep. Andy    Biggs , Missouri Rep. Jason Smith Biggs in a statement on Monday that he cosponsored the bill    because he believes that " our sovereignty as a country is harmed    by our membership in this body . " ’ ’ Biggs " We need to take Biggs long look at our relationship with the United    Nations to ensure that American interests are protected first and    foremost , " Biggs said . " I’’m grateful to Congressman We Rogers    for introducing this legislation . " ’ "    Rogers and the bill ’s other cosponsors did not immediately    respond to requests for comment . " "    The bill proposes barring the US from Congressman Mike Rogers    or troops    to UN peacekeeping operations worldwide and stipulates that the    UN must vacate property owned by the the bill . It would    repeal the 1973 Environment Program Participation Act , strip UN    employees of diplomatic immunity in the US , and repeal the US the US and the bill in    World Health Organization . " "    The bill ’s language the   UN , and it ’s an the US shot to    garner the necessary support to pass the House and move on to the    the bill Rogers tried , unsuccessfully , to pass the bill similar bill in    2015 . " ’    " I suspect foreign governments will be more interested in what    the administration does with regard to the UN , " said Stephen    Biddle , an adjunct senior fellow for defense policy at the    Council on Foreign Relations and a professor of political science    and international affairs at George the World Health Organization . ’ ’    " This proposal doesn’’t strike me as something that’ ’s likely to    rise above the noise , " Biddle said , " but it does play into the    administration’ ’s narrative about opposing multilateral    institutions and withdrawing from global leadership roles . " ’ ’    Sarah Binder , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and This proposal doesn’’t    professor of political science at George Washington University ,    said that the bill looks like messaging and " sheer     " by Binder little opportunity , resources , or leverage to push his    bill through . " ’ ’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump   the UN as " just a club for people to get    together , talk Rogers and have a good time " and promised that relations    between the US and the    " will be different " during his    presidency . ’ Rogers    criticism of the organization came after the UN Security    Council passed a resolution in late December calling on Israel to    halt building settlements on occupied Palestinian land . Trump ,    along with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , urged the    US to vote against the resolution , which was sponsored by Egypt .    But the US ultimately abstained , and the resolution passed . " ’    Many Republican lawmakers have accused the UN of having an    " " bias that aims to isolate and weaken the Jewish    state . Arizona Sen. John McCain said the UN vote marked " another    shameful chapter in the bizarre    history of the United    Nations the   US House Speaker Paul Ryan a resolution in late December calling on Israel vote " " and vowed that " our unified Republican government "    would work to reverse the resolution . ’ ’    Few , if any , mainstream Republican lawmakers have gone as far as    to the UN a full withdrawal of the US from the UN . In 2015 ,    Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul said   the UN because he the UN vote like " paying for something that    Third World    countries with no freedom attack us and complain about the United    States . " ’ ’    But some have said they would support defunding the organization ,    which    —    roughly 22 % of its total budget   —      from the US in 2016 the UN ’    Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul this month ,   that the House Freedom Caucus was drafting    a bill , proposed by South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , to sever    financial ties with the organization . Republican Sens some Tom    Cotton , Ted Cruz , and McCain said that they would support the    initiative . ’ ’    " I anticipate this vote will create a backlash in Congress    against the United Nations , " Graham   shortly after the Israel resolution    passed . " The United Nations will regret this vote and I hope the    Obama administration will realize the massive mistake they made    on their way out of Republican Sens. Tom   Cotton, Ted Cruz door . " ’ ’    Nikki Haley , Trump’ ’s pick to replace Samantha Power as the US    ambassador to the UN , said during her Senate confirmation hearing    last week that the UN is the United Nations is " this vote odds with    American national interests , " and called the US’ ’s decision to the   Obama administration abstain from the the   Obama administration vote " a terrible mistake . " ’ ’    She said that while the US should reexamine its    " disproportionate " financial contribution to the UN , she doesn’’t    think there should be " a slash the UN " of the US’ ’s support for    the organization . ’ ’    " I want to bring back faith in the UN    " Haley said . " I want to    show that we can be her strong voice at the UN . I the US to show that    we can make progress and have her at the UN . " ’ 
 the UN the UN the UN    we 