New poll results released on Sunday for the big March 15 primary elections show Donald Trump on top in Florida and    Senator Marco Rubio struggling for second place . [ Ohio ’s Gov. John Kasich is just ahead of Donald Trump in Gov. John Kasich .   In Florida , Senator Marco Rubio sits almost tied with Sen. Ted Cruz for second place in the new Wall Street      poll . The establishment pick trails Donald Trump by more than 20 per cent in Florida . Florida sits Senator Marco Rubio last place in Illinois and Ohio , according to the survey conducted March   . Kasich is winning his home state of Ohio Kasich 39 per cent support to Trump ’s Donald Trump . Cruz comes in with 19 per cent there and Rubio with a Senator Marco Rubio 6 . Rubio indicated on Senator Marco Rubio that his Ohio supporters Senator Marco Rubio vote for Kasich Ohio an attempt to block Kasich ’s bid for the Republican nomination . The effectiveness of that play has yet to be seen , but it came at such a late The effectiveness of that play it may have little to no The effectiveness of that play . UPI reported that some 84 , 000 Ohioans have already marked their choice in early voting . some 84, 000 Ohioans Florida , Trump polls at 43 percent , Trump Rubio at 22 percent is only 1 point ahead of   Cruz at 21 percent . Kasich is last with just 9 per cent . In Illinois , Trump leads at 34 percent of Trump Republican primary voters while Cruz is favored by 25 percent  Cruz Cruz will campaign aggressively in Illinois  Cruz Monday holding five campaign Illinois in the course of the day . Kasich trails Cruz in the state Kasich 21  Cruz and Rubio sits in last at 16 percent . On Sunday Rubio promoter Rep. Darrell Issa took Rubio Fox News on Saturday to lobby for Rubio to remain in the race Rubio if he does n’t win Florida . Sunday Rubio promoter Rep. Darrell Issa and his allies hope Rubio Sunday Rubio promoter Rep. Darrell Issa enough Sunday Rubio promoter Rep. Darrell Issa to deny Rubio the nomination . On the Democratic side , Hillary Clinton leads Sanders in the three states polled , but in Illinois that margin is slim at 51 percent to Sanders’ 45 percent . Clinton ’s margin is the greatest Hillary Clinton , where she is shown beating Sanders 61 percent Hillary Clinton 34 percent . Sanders Ohio , she leads 58 percent to 38 percent Hillary Clinton Sanders . While Kasich and Rubio are Sanders in their respective home states Cruz won his Kasich and Rubio state of Texas in a Kasich Super Tuesday victory . That contest delivered Cruz a significant chunk of his delegate Cruz . Missouri and North Kasich will also hold primary contests on Tuesday in the second largest    delegate haul of the primary election cycle . In the Republcan vote , Florida will award 99 delegates , Illinois will give up 69 , Missouri will give 52 , North Carolina Missouri 72 and Ohio will North Carolina delegates . o , After Saturday ’s primary contests in Washington , D. C. and Wyoming , Trump has won 460 delegates , Cruz has 370 , Rubio trails at 163 and Kasich sits in last with 63 . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana . 
 