  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook acknowledged the former secretary of state calling half of Donald Trump ’s supporters " deplorables " alienated voters , saying that ’s why the Democratic presidential nominee publicly expressed regret over the remarks so quickly thereafter . " Hillary Clinton apologized right away after that and said that Hillary Clinton misspoke and that Hillary Clinton regretted the comment . That ’s something that Donald Trump’s would n’t do , you know , " he Donald Trump’s CNN ’s Jake Tapper during a special edition of CNN CNN " State of the Union , " filmed at Harvard University ’s Institute of Politics in Cambridge , Massachusetts . The event , " War Stories : Inside Campaign 2016 , " also included Trump ’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and was the first time that the two managers appeared together alone since the presidential campaign .   " I think it definitely could have alienated some voters and that ’s why she got out there right away , " Mook added . Kellyanne Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway Race would have been tougher if Sanders was VP pick , Clinton sparked controversy at a September fundraiser in New York when she maligned Clinton half " of Trump ’s supporters , going as far as to say that they are " irredeemable . " " To just be grossly generalistic , you can put half of Trump supporters Trump’s what I call the basket of deplorables , " Clinton said Clinton " Right ? Racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamophobic , you name it . "   On a special assignment from the Clinton campaign Clinton Diane Hessan studied how undecided voters were responding to the campaign the Clinton campaign She wrote an Diane Hessan in the Boston Globe sharing reflections from her study , Diane Hessan showed the reaction to the " deplorables " was stronger than when FBI Director James Comey sent a letter to Congress saying they were probing to see if additional emails on the laptop of one her top aides Diane Hessan have an impact on a closed investigation to Clinton ’s use of a primary email server . Though the FBI eventually FBI FBI did not additional emails on the laptop of one ’s mind on his decision not to pursue Comey charges , members of Clinton ’s campaign have repeatedly Clinton to Comey ’s letter and its Comey’s Election FBI as the defining moment that hurt the Democratic presidential nominee ’s chances , a point those staffers made repeatedly at this week ’s events . " We were expecting to perform better with suburban women in particular . We saw those numbers a lot We than what happened on Election Day . We do think Election Day because of We Comey letter , " Mook said .   He continued , " We saw a Comey of young people We to third party candidates , we think the letter had a lot We do the Comey letter as well . So there were a number of reasons for this . But lead among them , in my view , would be that letter from Director Comey . " Clinton the Comey letter Obama did not have to ask Clinton to concede , Hessan ’s    said the " deplorables " Clinton appeared to have had more than an impact than Comey did .    " There was one moment when I saw Director Comey undecided voters shift to Trump than any other , when it all changed , when voters began to speak differently about their choice , " she wrote . " It was n’t FBI voters James Comey , Part One or Part Two it was n’t Benghazi or the    or Bill Clinton ’s visit with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on the tarmac . No , the conversation shifted the most during the weekend of Sept. 9 , after Clinton said , ’You can put half of Trump supporters into what Bill Clinton’s call the basket of deplorables . ’ " " All hell broke lose , " she added . Conway pointed out that Clinton did n’t actually apologize for the use of the term " Bill Clinton’s " as Mook described . " She did n’t say that really . She said she regretted putting she number on it , " she she . she Mook conceded , " She regretted her choice she words , but she Trump never apologized she " she Look , you ’re talking about one instance where Hillary Clinton said one thing . She immediately explained that she regretted , " Mook added . Conway Hillary Clinton , " I Hillary Clinton she regretted getting she , " she said . 
 Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton 