Saturday Night Live star Michael Che says Saturday Night Live star Michael Che agrees with Donald Trump ’s criticism that the sketch comedy show is too " . " [ " Oddly , I agree with Saturday Night Live star Michael Che , " Saturday Night Live star Michael Che said in an interview with Esquire magazine published Wednesday . " We try to write that way . But I do agree with Saturday Night Live star Michael Che . I think the sketch comedy show should show all views and we We a conscious effort to do so . "   Earlier this month , the    called SNL a " biased show " that spends most of its    roasting conservative politicians and points of view . Trump has been played by actor Alec Baldwin this season . " I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night . " It is a totally    biased show   —    nothing funny at all . Equal time for us ? " Trump Trump Sunday . I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Saturday Night Live night . last night a totally    biased show   —    nothing funny at all . Equal time for us ?   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) November 20 , 2016 ,   " That ’s why I loved ‘ The Bubble ‘ sketch , " Che said of the Emmy    show ’s newest sketch , which roasted progressive Americans in need of a " safe space " in the form of an actual bubble . " That was a great sketch poking fun at " Che said . " Che put him on the show Che he the Emmy   show most Che man , and people said that was n’t fair . I do n’t think he has much grounds Che speak on that because , if anything , we ’ve been the most We show to him . " " Che comedy should take both sides , " he added . " Che matter who is in power , we should be making fun of them . " Che anchors both sides ’s " Weekend Update " segment . His    on the Che    sketch , cast member Colin Jost , was criticized over the weekend for a joke that was deemed transphobic by some social media users . Weighing in on what he called a " Che " election , Che said there ’s little Che in finding middle ground . " It ’s very tribal in America , especially now , " Che told Esquire . " Che if you ’re a liberal , you ’re liberal about everything . You have your mind made up before you ’ve even heard the details , you know ? When you read the headline , you already know the story . " " If you ’re conservative , it ’s the same thing the story " he continued . " That Che why this election was so polarizing . Nobody was saying , ‘ Both of them have things I like , but I ’m considering one over the other.’ It ’s always , ‘ this election hate this guy.’ Or , ‘ I hate this lady.’ It was split . So this lady.’ big , heavy issues , they have their minds made Both of them and Both of them ’re angry about it Both of them they think if you give Both of them one thing you ’re giving up everything . " The     comedian says his new Netflix comedy special The    comedian " Michael Che Matters , " is meant to add levity to what are otherwise ‘ heavy’ political issues . " When you have people make issues not feel so heavy , like Black Lives Matter , it ’s easier , " Che said . " I ’m not yelling at you . You can laugh Che it . Then you can say , ‘ I ’ve never thought of it that way.’ Other than it laughs , the biggest thing I want to get from comedy is ‘ I never thought of it that way.’ It ’s the biggest thing I want to get from comedy to way.’ the biggest thing I want to get from comedy and you ’re more sensitive to the other side when it ’s funny . " the biggest thing I want to get from comedy Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 