  ( CNN ) The bombshell news on Wednesday that Robert Mueller will be a special counsel to lead an independent investigation of President Donald Trump , was met with giddy hoorays on the left and sighs of relief on the right . For their part , Democrats are smelling impeachment in the water , while Republicans are just glad the pressure ’s finally off their to " do something " about President Donald Trump and President Donald Trump daily drag on the party . But putting partisan politics aside ( yes , that ’s a thing ) the real winners here are the American people . A very anxious citizenry , both    and    deserves answers and accountability . Faith in our institutions is at an    low , and whatever Mueller finds has the real possibility of restoring some of that faith . And , just think about the    civics class that gets a    seat to democracy in action .   But while everyone can and should applaud this development , the good times are likely   . Here are the five things to watch for : Trump will not go quietly into that good night . While any sentient primate facing a special counsel would know to lay off social media and refrain from antagonizing Trump investigators , Trump sees things differently . Trump ’s already tweeted that " this is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history ! " And Trump ’s complained that " there was never a special councel ( sic ) appointed " for Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama .   This might be an ominous play     if Trump knows the investigation will likely dig up some pretty    dirt , Trump may have decided the only court Trump can win in is that of public opinion , specifically Trump public . And they just love Trump tweets . Democrats will definitely overplay this . Mueller ’s investigation can literally go anywhere . Mueller’s can subpoena Trump ’s tax returns , old " Apprentice " outtakes , Trump Trump    report card , if he Mueller’s it will reveal something relevant .   With Mueller Mueller’s this broad , and Trump Trump life and cash so complicated , overzealous Democrats need n’t feel compelled to manufacture drama . And yet , it ’s almost certain some will . The day the special counsel was announced , for example , Rep. Al Green of Texas took dramatically to the House floor to call for Trump Trump impeachment .   The danger here , of course , is that if the investigation reveals no smoking gun , Trump Trump will insist     and with some authority , then     that nothing his detractors Trump should ever be believed . And that is very dangerous territory to enter . Republicans will definitely underplay this . Though they are relieved Republicans pressure ’s off them to investigate they are relieved more Trump , many will continue to run defense for Trump , Trump if just to please their constituents back they are relieved . It ’s not a good look . Rep. Jason Chaffetz   of Utah already rushed to the cameras to question the need for a special counsel that Trump ’s Trump appointed deputy attorney general called for . " I have not seen any evidence of actual collusion , " he told Fox Rep. Jason Chaffetz  of Utah . " Where is the actual crime that they think they need a they prosecutor to prosecute ? I just have n’t seen it . " Er , maybe that ’s because Chaffetz ’s own Rep. Jason Chaffetz  of Utah Committee has refused to investigate it ?   own Oversight Committee will definitely turn on Mueller . Robert Mueller ’s Mueller should have its own Twitter handle Robert Mueller’s it ’s gotten so Robert Mueller’s love from the left and the right over the past 18 hours . And deservedly so . But how long will it take for Democrats to flip the script ( a reverse Jim Comey ) if the investigation fails to turn up anything damning enough to get Trump kicked to the curb ?   And will anything short of high crimes and misdemeanors     the threshold for impeachment     satisfy Democratic bloodlust ? Mueller wo n’t grandstand for Democrats’ approval , and if he does n’t produce Mueller he ’ll no longer Mueller it , just you Democrats’ approval . Trump goons , be afraid . Trump ’s cadre of Trump villains , from Paul Manafort to Carter Page to Michael Flynn , should prepare for the worst . With new reports the Trump campaign had at least Trump points of contact with Russian officials during the election , it ’s likely one or more of his Russophile affiliates will be Trump in this investigation .   And especially if Trump manages to squeak through Trump , someone will be a fall guy . 
 