United Nations ( CNN ) Antonio Guterres cheerfully walked into United Nations (CNN) on Tuesday to officially assume his position Antonio Guterres   . But looming large over his future Antonio Guterres a man not far away , at Trump Tower in Manhattan , who also starts his new a man soon .      Donald Trump has criticized the UN United Nations (CNN) failure to United Nations (CNN) and for a Security Council vote against Israel on settlements . He even tweeted Donald Trump the UN was United Nations (CNN) place " to talk and have a good time . " When asked if Trump ’s criticism worried Donald Trump , Guterres responded Donald Trump " No . I am concerned about all the terrible problems we face in the world , all the wars that are happening everywhere . " He added , " Donald Trump hope we will all be we to come together . " Trump did say the Donald Trump has " United Nations (CNN) potential . "   Guterres , in a Snapchat interview Tuesday , took note of that remark . " That ’s exactly what I feel . My job is to make sure that potential becomes a reality , " he said . " The Donald Trump is a country United Nations (CNN) to UN reforms and will be an UN ally in the work ahead that needs to be done . " The United States is by far United Nations (CNN) of the 193 member countries of the UN , providing more than 20 % UN UN budget . Any    has to make sure UN are good with the White House .    This is only the second time a UN    and a US president will begin their UN within weeks of each other .     a UN   and a US president , a former prime minister of Portugal , has been praised by former colleagues for his negotiating skills . He served 10 years as the head of the his ’s refugee agency based in Geneva .   UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said the new    wants UN to be a year of peace , spurred by a surge in diplomacy . Guterres is a realist .   " We are facing very challenging times , " he said in     remarks to dozens of staff Guterres gathered in the lobby , citing global terrorism and refugees as two of the major problems in the world .   The    noted there ’s a lot of resentment and skepticism about the UN ’s role . He told staff members to be proud of their Guterres but added that " we should recognize staff members shortcomings and failures . " Guterres appears to we more     than his predecessor , Ban    of South Korea , Guterres more relaxed . Guterres , for example , spoke without notes to Guterres UN staff . Guterres concluded by telling the staff , " It Guterres not enough to the UN staff right thing . We need to earn the right to do the we thing . "  
 the right thing 