’   ’ ’    On Friday , Donald Trump will be inaugurated as the 45th president    of the US . ’ ’    In preparation , Donald Trump and Donald Trump transition team have been working    expeditiously to fill the roughly 4 , 000 positions that will be    vacant when the Obama administration leaves . ’ ’    But there are a few    staff positions that Donald Trump will    not choose : White House permanent residence staffers . ’ ’    These are the butlers , chefs , valets , groundskeepers , and others    who keep the White House running smoothly from day to day . They    prepare state dinner banquet rooms , feed the first family , and       available for any request , small or large , that may arise . ’ ’    And unlike policy staff members , they policy staff members replaced when a new    first family enters the the White House In fact , some stay for    decades , assisting one president to the next . Eugene Allen , for    example , was a butler from 1952 to 1986 and was the inspiration    for the 2013 film " The Butler . " ’ ’    The group is characteristically    about what it’ ’s like    to work    the president and their family . The clearest glimpse    into the    of a residence staffer comes from the 2015 book    " , " by    Kate Brower . ’ ’   ’ ’    Brower interviewed more than 100 former staff members for her    book ’ ’  ’ ’   Brower noting how rare it was to get such intimate details about    the jobs    ’ ’    " There’ ’s an unwritten rule that they stay in the background , "    . " Unlike a lot of    people in Washington , they don’’t talk they their jobs . they ’ ’    There are 96    and 250    residence staffers ,    according to    . They work throughout they    White    House , which contains 28 fireplaces , eight staircases , six    floors , and two    levels . ’ ’   ’ ’    And their jobs are incredibly demanding , a former White House    executive chef explained in the book . ’ ’    " You work for the same people every day . You don’’t have any    personal life , family , social life , " he said . don’’t You work what we    used to call ’’ White House flex time ’’   —    that is , you choose any 85    hours you want to work each week . " ’ ’    Still , they are devoted to the families in the White House ,    regardless of which candidate they voted for they ’ ’    " I was an independent Republicrat , " Worthington White , a White    House usher from 1980 to 2012 , told Brower in a . " I would say I    voted for the president , no matter who it was . " ’ ’    And some of their toughest work comes on Friday , when they will    their about five or six hours to turn over the White House for the    incoming the president Barack Obama will head to the    inauguration , and at noon , the White House is no longer the White House . ’ ’      Michelle and Barack Obama Still , being a permanent staffer at the White House does n’t mean    there is the White House    replaced . Their employment is still at    the discretion of the president    " "    Trump ’s team may be willing to shake up the staff . For example ,    the team   Charles Brotman    earlier in January via email . " ’    " I looked at at my email , then I got the shock of my life , "    . " I felt like Muhammad Ali had hit me in the    stomach . " ’ ’    Brotman was the announcer for the past 11 presidents and has Charles Brotman    at every inauguration parade since 1957 . ’ "    Some staffers apparently worried in April about the fate of their    jobs if Trump won the election , according to Some staffers ’s . Former top pastry chef Roland Mesnier    told Brower that he would be nervous if he were still working Brower there Former top pastry chef Roland Mesnier    " ’    " Former top pastry chef Roland Mesnier    the Donald makes it to the White House , I think there’ ’s going    to be a lot of changes , " said Mesnier , who served five presidents    from Jimmy Carter to George W. Bush . " I think the White House as    we know it and the kitchen the White House different . "    
 the White House 