Washington ( CNN ) Marco Gutierrez , the " Latinos for Trump " founder who warned unchecked immigration would lead to " taco trucks on every corner , " might have his nightmare come true on Election Day . Sort of . The US Hispanic Chamber of Commerce is organizing an effort hoping to put taco trucks on every corner     or , rather , every polling site     on Election Day . Gutierrez recently warned , in vivid terms , of negative consequences if America did not adopt tighter immigration policies .   " My culture is a very dominant culture . And it My culture imposing , and it My culture causing problems . If you do n’t do something about it , you ’re going to have taco trucks on every corner , " Gutierrez Gutierrez MSNBC ’s    Reid . Last week , treating Gutierrez Gutierrez as a challenge of sorts , the USHCC created the initiative " Guac the Vote . " Its aim the USHCC mobilizing taco truck owners to encourage its customers the USHCC register to vote , and park their trucks its customers polling sites on Nov. 8 . " The idea of taking the taco trucks is not even a Mexican or Hispanic symbol     it ’s The idea of taking the taco trucks American symbol , " said Chamber spokesman Pablo Manriquez . " The hope is that we ’re going to be able to deliver quite a few trucks to quite a few polling centers . " Trump ’s campaign did not immediately respond for comment to this story . What Donald Trump Trump’s about Mexico and vice versa , Manriquez said Chamber spokesman Pablo Manriquez ’s Chamber spokesman Pablo Manriquez sure how many taco trucks there are in the country     but he believes Chamber spokesman Pablo Manriquez in Chamber spokesman Pablo Manriquez thousands     and there ’s no recent data that shows how many election centers there are in the United States . Data in 2004 shows that there were 113 , 754 polling places , according to a report by the US Election Assistance Commission . In July , the USHCC endorsed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for president , which was a first for the normally nonpartisan group . " Hillary Clinton will Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s first American small business president . She grew up in Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton small business . She understands the challenges Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton small businesses . And throughout her campaign , she Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton engaged our Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and our business owners all our the country , " America ’s president the normally nonpartisan group Palomarez , told CNN ’s " New Day " at the time . Immigration has been a hot topic in this election after Trump mentioned Mexican immigrants in his June 2015 campaign announcement . Immigration When Mexico sends its people , they ’re not Mexico their best its people " Trump famously its people . " They Trump sending people that have its people of problems , and they ’re bringing those problems with its people . They problems drugs . They its people bringing crime . They its people rapists . And some its people I assume , are good people . " Since then , Trump has faced criticism for his Trump about building a border Trump and having Mexico pay for it , as well as accusing a a border wall federal judge of Mexican heritage , Gonzalo Curiel , for being biased about presiding about a Trump University case . Trump met with Mexican President Enrique Trump Nieto on Aug. Mexican in Mexico City , to discuss his comments about Mexico paying for Trump border wall Trump has pledged to build if Trump is president . Peña Nieto Trump his response that Mexico Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto pay for Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto a wall Mexico 
 