  ( CNN ) What we have learned about Donald Trump ’s leanings on tax policy make leanings on tax policy Exhibit A in Donald Trump     presidency . Although Donald Trump was elected as a man of the people , Donald Trump tax reform plans make it clear that he Donald Trump serving as a baron for billionaires . The tea leaves that pass for a coherent legislative policy suggest that Trump Donald Trump A had pulled a page or two from House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s playbook , long on the shelves . Ryan had House Speaker Paul Ryan wonky , but nifty ,   :     One , repeal , but do n’t quite replace Obamacare ,     Two , enact a corporate tax reform featuring a brand new " border adjustment " tax , also known as tariffs and ,     Three , enact sweeping income tax cuts and repeal the estate tax . All in , and roughly , this would be a $ 2 trillion loss ( over 10 years ) for the lower classes , 24 million of whom would lose health care coverage and all of whom would pay higher prices for basic goods under the " border adjustment " tax . It would also be roughly a $ 2 trillion win for the upper classes , who would benefit from repeal of the Obamacare taxes , the lowering of corporate tax rates , the slashing of income tax rates and the elimination of the estate tax . Alas , Plan A did n’t quite work . Turns out that the people paid attention to details , like the devilish one about the 24 million who stand to lose health insurance coverage .    No worries : Trump is now hinting at Plan B , another tried and true Republican trick for getting the country to go along with yet more tax cuts for the rich . Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says the Trump tax Trump will rely on economic growth to pay for itself , the Trump tax plan that we can get to Step Three , where the real goodies for the billionaire class lie . Voodoo economics , welcome back !   Unfortunately , real tax policy ought to be more than a    magic show . There are two painfully serious sets of problems with the return of    witchcraft . First , this is risky fiscal business . The nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget reports that America has not seen sustained growth rates of 4 % ( a rate optimistic Trumpians target ) since the early 1960s , when our population was younger and growing .    Even if growth were to spike up quickly to these    levels , interest rates , still historically low , would certainly rise . This would doubly hurt the federal government , because it would This more debt to finance , due to the tax cuts , and at higher interest rates .     As is , the federal the federal government on interest payments on its debt than on the federal government , energy and the environment , international affairs , and science     combined . An increase in both debt levels and the interest rate would be devastating for domestic discretionary spending for decades to come .   Second , even if we were to plunge into more debt on a risky gambit for greater growth , why should tax cuts for the rich get the first ( and maybe only ) priority for the corresponding goodies ?    The rich already get away with paying little if any taxes , as the President himself   knows perfectly well . Is the best way to make America great again , to get more jobs for more Americans , really to eliminate the estate tax ? So Sheldon Adelson ’s heirs wo n’t have to ever pay tax ?   Could n’t the trillions for billionaires be better spent , say , on    tax cuts , infrastructure investments ,    education , with    a little left over for science , the environment and international affairs ? Donald Trump got elected president promising to be a man of the people , a ruler for the forgotten . Now it is he who seems to Donald Trump forgotten . His Plan A on Donald Trump reform was to take from the bottom to give to the top . Thwarted in that effort by the people , who turn out to like having health care , Trump turned to Plan Donald Trump : take from the future to give to the top . Let the top that the people rise up again and stop the latest attempt at a billionaire money grab . Then maybe , just maybe , Trump could live up Donald Trump his promise to be Donald Trump new kind of politician , one for the American middle class .   He could give us Donald Trump C : a us reform that , instead of giving more breaks to the billionaire class , actually the American middle class share more with the rest instead of giving more breaks to the billionaire class us . Unfortunately , it us exactly such a sensible reaction to rising economic inequality and mounting associated political concerns that sounds like voodoo these days .   
 