Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign manager sought to downplay concerns raised by a report Tuesday that the Republican nominee ’s personal philanthropy used more than $ 250 , 000 to litigate lawsuits against opponents of the Republican nominee’s business interests .   Kellyanne Conway said Kellyanne Conway ’s not worried about the Washington Post report that said on four occasions the Donald J. Trump Foundation cut checks to settle suits in a controversial and potentially illegal tactic , given that the Donald J. Trump Foundation is funded primarily with other donors’ money , not Kellyanne Conway own , according to the Post review of legal documents and interviews .   " Trump is using his Trump to benefit his Trump , which is against the law , " Washington Post reporter David Fahrenthold told CNN ’s John Berman and Kate Bolduan of his John Berman .   The most substantial donation was $ 100 , 000 to Fisher House , a veterans’ charity , as part of a settlement with the city of Palm Beach , Florida , home to Trump ’s     Club . Conway defended the The most substantial donation a settlement because of a flag Trump wanted Trump’s     raise at the    . " I think this is a classic Donald Trump , " she told a classic Donald Trump ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront . " " He wanted to raise the American a flag Trump wanted to raise at the    as he possibly could over He . I think a lot of Americans at this point would applaud that . And of course the county said he could n’t do He , it had to be the county , so they started assessing a the county 1 , 250 fine . So the way they wanted to settle the county was for Trump the county donate $ 100 , 000 to a veteran ’s group . " And another check for $ 158 , 000 was distributed from the foundation as a the Trump Foundation a Trump golf course to Trump another lawsuit , according to the Post . " I ’ve been talking to the people who are responsible for the Trump Foundation to get some facts and some figures , " she said . " It ’s very important for people to understand what happened in these cases . Donations went to veterans groups . .. How did the     benefit from him giving $ 100 , 000 to veterans ? The veterans benefited and I veterans ’s great and I applaud him for doing that . him Burnett said : " Well , the business benefited by the lawsuit going away and being settled , right ? That would be how the business benefited . " " Well , there are many lawsuits everyday against people . .. I think you ’re making things up based on facts as they are not reported in this facts , which also uses a lot of conditional phrasing , I ’d like to point out , " Conway said . Conway also added that Trump frequently Conway " signing checks privately to help people " from his own bank account separate from Conway foundation , " You can only imagine how many people have asked Mr. Trump for his time and Trump and his Trump and his Trump privately , Trump he does Trump and he does n’t Trump cameras in there Trump it does n’t go through foundations , " she said . Burnett pointed that the public could verify those donations if Trump released his tax returns , to which Conway Trump n’t directly respond . Trump ’s Foundation has come under scrutiny Trump and Democrats over possible     schemes . New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is investigating the foundation to make sure it is abiding Trump’s Foundation charity law , and Trump’s Foundation Democrats have called for the Department of Justice to look at Trump ’s relationship with Florida Attorney General Pam Trump who declined to formally investigate it . 
 Trump’s Foundation 