West Palm Beach , Fla. ( CNN ) President Donald Trump made a stunning claim Saturday , alleging without offering evidence that President Donald Trump predecessor , Barack Obama , wiretapped President Donald Trump phones at Trump Tower ahead of the 2016 election .   " Terrible ! Just found out that Barack Obama had my ’wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory . Nothing found . This is McCarthyism ! " Trump tweeted early Saturday morning in one part of a    tirade that began just after 6:30 a. m. The President went on to compare the alleged tapping of his The President to Watergate and called Obama " bad ( or sick ) . "    " How low has President Obama Obama tap my phones during the very sacred election process . This is   . Bad ( or sick ) guy , " Trump Trump . But two former senior US officials quickly dismissed Trump Trump out of hand . " Just nonsense , " said one former senior US intelligence official . Another former senior US official with direct knowledge of investigations by the Justice Department under the Obama administration said Obama ’s Trump never tapped . " This did not happen . It is false . Wrong , " the former official told one former senior US intelligence official spokesman for Obama , Kevin Lewis Obama called " any suggestion " that Obama or any White Obama official ordered surveillance against Trump " simply Trump " " A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no Obama House official ever interfered with any White House led by the Department of Justice , " Lewis said in a statement early Saturday afternoon . " As part of that practice , neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any White House . Any suggestion otherwise is simply false . "   The former senior US official with direct knowledge of no White House official . It would have been taken to a judge by investigators , but investigators never sought a warrant to monitor Trump ’s phones such a warrant the former official said . A federal judge would only have approved a warrant to wiretap Trump ’s phones if he or no White House official probable cause that Trump had committed a federal crime or was a foreign agent . Trump’s deputy national no White House official adviser Trump Rhodes echoed the point in Trump tweet responding to Trump on Saturday morning . " No President can order a wiretap . Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people Trump you , " he said in his Twitter post . Warrants to tap into someone ’s phones in the course of a federal investigation would be sought by Former Obama deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes Department of Former Obama deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes , which conducts investigations independent of the White House and the President . The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , an independent and secretive federal court , is responsible for issuing surveillance warrants in cases concerning foreign intelligence . The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump campaign advisers and Russians known to US intelligence , and that court would likely be the forum to petition for such a warrant . When asked if the White House is seeking any possible Foreign Surveillance Cout documentation to back up the President ’s claims , White House Counsel Donald McGahn " the White House options if any are available to us , " White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told CNN . the White House White House officials could not say whether any such documentation exists . There is no evidence such the White House on surveillance of Trump himself exists , according to sources the White House of the situation whom CNN spoke to Saturday . The intelligence court ’s records are some of the most secretive intelligence documents . The White House could seek possible records from the Justice Department CNN If it did that , it would be unheard of and a breach of protocol , University of the White House Steve Vladeck , an expert on national security law , told CNN the White House Protocol has dictated that the Justice Department would be insulated from such White House requests for these types of documents . The New York Times first reported on McGahn ’s CNN . A senior administration official the Justice Department colleagues learned of the tweet the White House Obama only after Trump sent them . They were not expecting the President to make any news this morning before golfing in Palm Beach , Florida . The official said they do n’t believe Trump is trying to get ahead colleagues any colleagues story that ’s about to come out , but rather he is furious about how the Russia storyline is A senior administration official in Washington . The colleagues pointed to a Trump on the conservative website Breitbart News that was circulating in the West Wing , which followed up on Trump from radio talk show Mark Levin claiming Obama worked to undermine A senior administration official in Washington presidential campaign and his administration , including various investigations on Russia and possible ties between Russians and Trump associates . That story infuriated him , the official said . Trump ’s tweets came two days Trump attorney general , Jeff Trump , recused himself from any investigation Russia to the Trump campaign . Some Trump have continued to call for Trump resignation Trump acknowledged meeting multiple Trump the Russian ambassador to the US Trump the campaign despite denying any contacts during Trump Senate confirmation hearing . A pattern Trump Trump ’s tweets Saturday morning are just the latest in a string Trump wild accusations he has made since taking office that either directly contradicted the Trump campaign or lacked evidence to substantiate Trump claims , and they come just days Trump was widely praised for the unifying tone of his joint address to Congress . Trump past presidents have spoken prudently about sensitive matters to ensure that any claims they make are Trump up by carefully vetted A pattern, Trump’s tweets Saturday morning , Trump has Trump maintained his    style : one defined by Trump claims bellowed off the cuff or tweeted at odd hours of the day . Trump has made dozens of verifiably false or misleading claims since taking office , often Trump an eye on Trump a political advantage or blunting criticism . The President has repeatedly trumpeted the debunked claim that millions of illegal votes were Trump in the 2016 election and accused journalists of inventing a rift between him and the US intelligence community , despite his own statements to that effect . And last month , he accused a Democratic senator of misrepresenting his Supreme Court nominee ’s criticism of him , even after the nominee ’s White    The President corroborated the senator ’s account of the The President . Meanwhile , Trump and his advisers have falsely accused The President media of leading a " fake The President " campaign to smear his presidency The President all the while his Supreme Court nominee " alternative facts . " Congressional reaction , Sen. Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican who has Trump critical of Trump , said during a town hall forum Saturday that he did n’t know Trump Trump ’s claim was true , but said he was " very worried " about the allegation . " I ’m very worried . I ’m very worried that our Trump is suggesting that the former President ’s done something illegally , " Graham said Trump I would be very worried if in he the Obama administration was able to obtain a warrant lawfully about Trump campaign activity with foreign ’m . So it ’s my job as a United States senator to get to the bottom of this . I promise you I will . " California Rep. Adam Schiff , the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee , Trump is also probing the scope of Russia ’s influence on the US election , said in a statement Saturday afternoon in reference to one of Trump ’s tweets : " If there is something bad or sick going on , it is the willingness of the nation ’s chief executive to make the most outlandish and destructive claims without providing a scintilla of evidence to support them .   " No matter how much we hope and pray that this President will grow into one who respects and understands the Constitution , separation of powers , role of a free press , responsibilities as the leader of the free world , or the most outlandish and destructive claims even the most basic regard for the truth , we must now accept that President Trump will never become that man , " Schiff said . Amid criticism that Trump ’s allegations were meritless , one GOP senator called on Trump to release proof about his accusation , saying the President ’s allegations were " we serious . " Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse , a frequent Trump critic , said the President should publicly release President Trump Court order that would Trump the President’s his phones were Trump tapped by the government . And , if Trump believes his phones were illegally monitored , he " should explain Trump sort of wiretap it The President how he knows this , Supreme Court said in a statement . " We The President in the midst of a    crisis of public Trump , Trump the President ’s allegations today Trump the his phones dispassionate attention of serious patriots , " Sasse Trump . " A quest for the full truth , rather than    partisanship , must be our guide if we are going to rebuild civic trust and The President " 
 Sasse our 