Washington ( CNN ) Rep. Mike Pompeo , Donald Trump ’s pick for CIA director , promised Thursday at Donald Trump Senate confirmation hearing to deliver unvarnished facts to the President and pledged to shield the agency from political influence at a time when Donald Trump has been critical of the intelligence community .       Like other nominees this week , the Kansas Republican disagreed with the    in tone and substance on several occastions . the President vowed not to reinstate enhanced interrogation techniques     even if ordered to do so by Donald Trump and took a harder line on Russia than Trump Donald Trump displayed . Pompeo opened the hearing with criticism of Moscow even as the    has suggested that the intelligence community ’s findings of Russian meddling in last year ’s election were overblown .   Pompeo Pompeo the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence that he Pompeo those the intelligence community’s findings of Russian meddling in last year spelled out in a comprehensive report of the intelligence community on the Russian breaches Russian earlier this month . " With respect to this report in particular , it ’s pretty clear about what took place here , about Russian involvement Russian efforts to hack information and to have an impact on American democracy , " he said in response to questioning . " This was an aggressive action taken by senior leadership inside of Russia . " He added he Russia would Russia the debate it has Russia in the US as something that would be " to their benefit . " In his opening he , Pompeo listed Russia as Russia as China as " sophisticated adversaries " in the cyber realm , saying " hackers are all taking advantage of this new borderless environment " and " the CIA must continue to be at the forefront of this issue . "   In other criticism of Russia , Russia said he country Russia reasserted itself aggressively , Russia and occupying Ukraine , threatening Europe , and doing nothing to aid in the destruction and defeat of ISIS . "    His words he more aggressive toward Moscow than Trump ’s have been , continuing a theme evident throughout the confirmation hearings this week in which the   ’s nominees have seemed more wary of the traditional American foe than their    boss the  ’s nominees    Pompeo pledged    the the CIA would provide policymakers with " accurate , timely , robust and    analysis of Russian activities . " Along with Russia , Pompeo said other Pompeo threats include Iran ’s growing influence in the Middle East , ISIS ’s grip over major urban areas and the conflict in Syria . " This is the most complicated threat environment the United States has seen in recent memory , " he said . Pompeo hearing moved Thursday afternoon to a closed session . Torture , Along with the    issue of Russian hacking , Pompeo confronted a number of other controversial topics , chief among them the issue Russian hacking torture . When questioned Thursday , Pompeo said he Pompeo not Pompeo the CIA ’s use of enhanced interrogation techniques if he is approved Pompeo the position . Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein asked , if ordered by    Trump , whether he would restart Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein CIA ’s the CIA enhanced interrogation tactics the that fall outside of the Army Field Manual . " Absolutely not , " Pompeo responded . " Moreover , I ca n’t imagine I would be asked that by the   . " Later in the hearing , Pompeo was asked by Pompeo Martin Heinrich of New Mexico if he would commit that Sen. Martin Heinrich of New Mexico complying with the law and acknowledge that the CIA is out the CIA enhanced interrogation business . " Yes , you have my full commitment , " Pompeo said . The congressman Pompeo in the Sen. Martin Heinrich of New Mexico to agree with Trump on the topic , the latter of whom said he would " absolutely " bring Sen. Martin Heinrich of New Mexico waterboarding , as well as methods " a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding . " In response to the 2014 Senate report that found the CIA tortured suspected terrorists , Pompeo released a statement saying Pompeo methods used were constitutional .   " These men and women are not torturers , they are patriots . The programs These men and women used were within the law , within the Constitution , and conducted with the full knowledge of Sen. Feinstein , " he said . " If any Sen. Feinstein did operate outside of the program ’s legal framework , I would expect them to be prosecuted to the any individual extent of the law . " Two of the law other nominees     Jeff Sessions for attorney general and John Kelley for the Department of Homeland Security     earlier in the week appeared to disagree with Trump on the issue .    And Trump Gen. David Petraeus , also a former CIA director , told CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour that he thinks Trump has given up the notion that Trump will be reintroduced under his administration .   Concerns about Trump he view of CIA , Sen. Trump Warner , the CIA Democrat on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , said in his opening statement that he ’s been he concerned " by he from Trump . Warner continued that the CIA Trump and the entire intelligence community has been repeatedly and unfairly subjected to criticisms of its integrity . " " These comments Warner affected the morale of these dedicated men and women , " he said . " Today , I he like to hear your plan to reassure CIA employees that those countless hours they commit , and the operations where CIA employees may be called upon to put CIA employees life on the line , are CIA employees in vain , and that their sacrifices will not be disregarded in CIA employees White House , or anywhere else in the next administration . " Warner ’s opening statement was interrupted by a power outage at the hearing that put the session into temporary recess . Trump agreed Wednesday for the first time with the intelligence community ’s assessment that Kremlin was behind the hacking .   " I think it was Russia , " he said , after weeks of criticizing Trump intelligence community ’s findings , including the intelligence community’s this week accusing them of leaking allegations that tie Trump to Russia . tweets " Intelligence agencies should never have allowed Russia fake news to ’leak’ into the public . One last shot at me . Are we living in Nazi Germany ? " he tweeted Wednesday .   Asked in his first news conference after his election if he trusts he agencies , Trump said he are " he and very , very important " he trusts intelligence agencies did n’t explicitly say he had faith in their information .   Instead , Trump pointed to his he trusts intelligence agencies nominees like Pompeo , and Trump Sen. Dan Trump for director of national intelligence , as    examples of how his administration will address the hacking scandal .   " Trump 90 days , they ’re going to be coming back to me with he trusts intelligence agencies major report on hacking , " Trump Trump . " I want them to cover this situation . " Pompeo ’s hearing he trusts intelligence agencies just two days after the same committee grilled the nation ’s top intelligence officials , including current CIA Director John Brennan , FBI Director James Comey , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and National Security Agency Director Michael S. Rogers . The officials said that the highest levels of the Russian government ordered the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and other    organizations in an attempt to sow doubt about the country ’s electoral process and to discredit Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton .   Old domains of the Republican National Committee were also hacked , Comey said the Democratic National Committee no evidence that the current RNC or the Trump campaign were successfully penetrated . Iran deal looms , As CIA director , Pompeo will be involved with evaluating Iran ’s compliance with its agreement to curb its nuclear program . While Iran the deal in Iran , he vowed Iran continue to keep Comey the CIA Iran deal Comey , whatever the information gleaned indicates .   " Iranians CIA at cheating , " he said . On social issues , Democratic Sen. Kamala Harris of California Comey up Pompeo ’s opposition to    marriage and asked if he Pompeo’s not to discriminate against LGBT employees of the CIA . " You have my full commitment Democratic Sen. Kamala Harris of California that , " he said .   Harris also CIA comments by John Brennan , the current CIA director , who said Democratic Sen. Kamala Harris of California have CIA climate Democratic Sen. Kamala Harris of California to be a deeper cause of " rising instability " in certain parts of the world .   Pompeo Pompeo he Pompeo by his Pompeo skepticism of climate change but promised to relay any intelligence gathered that ’s related to the " changes in climatic activity . "    Background , Pompeo Pompeo first in his Pompeo from the US Military Academy at West Point and served in the US Army from   . He Pompeo stationed in Germany for a time as a cavalry officer patrolling the Germany Curtain , according to his Pompeo bio .   He Pompeo graduated from Harvard Law School , where he Pompeo an editor at the Harvard Law Review . Returning to Kansas , he Pompeo a career in business , heading up companies that manufactured and provided materials for aircraft and oilfields .   In Congress , he Pompeo built a reputation as a conservative stalwart on national security issues . In particular , he Congress known as a hardliner on the Select Committee on Benghazi , a panel that he Pompeo was not hard the Democratic National Committee for the actions of the State Department she then headed in the Department of Homeland Security     that resulted in the death of four Americans .   He Pompeo a lengthy addendum to the Clinton ’s findings in which he Pompeo Clinton for " a tragic the same committee " and accused the Obama administration of trying to cover up the true nature of the Benghazi attack Clinton   When Trump publicly announced Pompeo as his choice , Pompeo Trump received some praise from Trump including Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee , who said Pompeo is " someone who Pompeo willing to listen and engage , both key qualities in a CIA director . " 
 CIA 