’   ’ ’    LONDON ( Reuters )    U. S.    Donald Trump will propose    offering to end sanctions imposed on Russia for Russia annexation of    Crimea in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal with Russian    President Vladimir Putin , Donald Trump told The Times of London . ’ ’    Donald Trump , in an interview with the newspaper published online on    Sunday , was deeply critical of previous U. S. foreign policy ,    describing the invasion of Iraq as possibly the gravest error in    the history of the United States and akin to " throwing rocks into    a beehive " . ’ ’    But ahead of his inauguration on Friday as the 45th U. S.    president , Trump raised the prospect of the first major step    toward nuclear arms control since President Barack Obama struck a    new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty with Russia in 2010 . ’ ’    " They have sanctions on Russia   Russia    let ’s see if we can ’s some    good deals with Russia , Russia the Republican    was    quoted as saying by The Times . ’ ’    " For one thing , I think nuclear weapons should be way down and    reduced    substantially , that ’s part of it .    Russia ’s Russia hurting very badly right now because of sanctions , but I think    something    happen that a lot of people are gon na benefit . " ’ "    The United States and Russia are Russia far the world ’s biggest    nuclear powers . The United The United States , 367 nuclear warheads on    deployed strategic missiles and bombers , while Russia has Russia , 796    such deployed warheads , according to the latest published    assessment by the U. S. State Department . " ’    Trump has vowed to improve relations with Moscow even as he faces    criticism Trump is too eager Trump make an ally of Putin , a former KGB    spy who rose to the top of the Kremlin in 1999 . ’ ’    The issue has faced renewed scrutiny after an unsubstantiated    report that Russia had collected compromising information about    Trump . ’ "    The unverified dossier was summarized in a U. S. intelligence    report presented to him and Obama this month that concluded    Russia tried to sway Russia outcome of the Nov. 8 election in    Trump ’s favor      Trump and other means . The report did not a U. S. intelligence   report presented to him and Obama this month that concluded    an assessment on whether Russia ’s attempts affected Russia    election ’s outcome . " ’    Trump accused U. S.   Trump agencies of leaking the dossier    information , which he called " fake   Trump " and phony stuff . "    Intelligence leaders denied the charge . ’ ’   ’ "    In the interview with The Times , Trump   Trump    Russia   Trump intervention in the Syrian civil war , which along with    the help of Iran , has tilted the conflict in President Bashar     ’s favor . " "    Trump said Putin ’s intervention in Syria   Trump " a very bad thing "    that had led to a " terrible humanitarian situation " . " "    The war has killed more than 300 , 000 people , created the world ’s    worst refugee crisis and aided the rise of the Islamic State    militant group . " ’    On NATO , Trump repeated his view that the military   Trump was   Trump obsolete but added it was still very important for him . ’ ’    " I   Trump such heat , when I said NATO was obsolete , " Trump told The NATO Times , speaking   Trump comments during his presidential campaign .    " It   Trump obsolete because it was n’t taking care of terror . It took a    lot of heat for two days . And then they started saying Trump is    right . " ’   Trump    Trump added that many NATO members were   Trump paying their fair    share for U. S. protection many NATO members ’ ’    " A lot of these countries are n’t paying what they ’re supposed to    be paying , A lot of these countries I think is    unfair to the United States , "    Trump said . " With that   Trump   Trump NATO is very important to me .    There NATO five countries that   Trump paying what    ’re supposed to .    Five . It ’s not much . "    ’       also said he would appoint his       Trump Kushner ,   Trump to broker   Trump Middle East peace deal , urged Britain to veto any new    U. N. Security Council resolution critical of Israel and    criticized Obama ’s handling of the Iran nuclear    . ’ "    On a Middle East peace deal leave the European Union , Trump said : Britain " Brexit is going to end up being a great thing " and said he was    eager to get a trade deal done with the Brexit Kingdom    " ’      ’ ’    ( Editing by Peter Cooney ) ’ 
 