’   ’ ’    Hillary Clinton gave the commencement address at Hillary Clinton alma mater ,    Wellesley College , on Friday afternoon , delivering Hillary Clinton most    extended and blistering attack on President Donald Trump since    Hillary Clinton loss in the 2016 election . ’ ’    At the crux of Clinton’ ’s speech was a call to arms to the    graduating class at the women’ ’s college , encouraging the   graduating class at the women’’s college to    become politically engaged and to " advance the struggle for    equality , justice , and freedom . " ’ ’    But she peppered Clinton’’s speech with a series of strongly worded    criticisms of the Trump administration’ ’s conduct and policies ,    attacking its    of the term " alternative facts , " its       about the size of the crowds at Trump’ ’s inauguration , its    proposed budget , and Trump’ ’s use of the phrase " nasty woman " to    refer to her    a debate . ’ ’    Clinton told the students they the students " graduating at a time when       is a    assault on truth and reason . " ’ ’    " When people in power invent their people in power facts and attack those who    question them people in power it    mark the beginning of the end of a free    society , " Clinton said . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tClinton to graduates : " You are graduating at a time when there is a    assault on truth and reason . " ’ ’    Clinton Clinton that some " are even denying things we see with our we own eyes , like the size of crowds and then defending themselves    by talking about ’’ alternative facts . ’’ " ’ ’    Trump and his surrogates faced criticism after Trump’ ’s    inauguration for pushing back on media coverage suggesting that    President Barack Obama had much larger crowds at his President Barack Obama    inauguration . Kellyanne Conway , a top Trump adviser , then said       administration was putting out " alternative facts " on Trump’ Trump’    crowd size . ’ ’    Clinton also called Trump’ Trump’ proposed budget " an attack of       cruelty on the most vulnerable among us   —    the    youngest , the oldest , the poorest , and hardworking people who    need a little help to gain or hang on to a decent      life . " ’ ’    She Clinton that when she Clinton in 1969 , she Clinton her Clinton    classmates were similarly " furious " about a recent election   —      that of President Richard Nixon . She Clinton on to add , to roaring    applause , that Nixon’ ’s presidency " would eventually end in       with his impeachment for obstruction of justice . " ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tHillary Clinton brings up Richard President Richard Nixon impeachment and obstruction of justice during her commencement ’t’t’tHillary Clinton   " ’    But , Clinton said Clinton " we got through that tumultuous time . " ’ "    Clinton ’s reference to Nixon and President Richard Nixon seemed deliberate    considering    recent controversy over Trump ’s firing of the FBI    director    James Comey , who was overseeing the bureau ’s    investigation    whether the Trump campaign Trump’s with    Russian officials to swing the 2016 election . Comey ’s firing has    led    questions over whether Trump was Trump’s to obstruct that    investigation    " "    The latter part of Clinton ’s speech focused on encouraging young    women and girls to get engaged in politics and to make the    changes in society they want to see . " "    She pushed Clinton against criticism of elites , telling the    graduates to not let people tell them their the   graduates people n’t matter . " ’    " In the years to come , there will be trolls galore , online and in    person , eager to tell you that you don’’t have anything worthwhile    to    or anything meaningful to contribute . They may even call    you    ’’ nasty woman , ’’ " Clinton said . " Some may take a slightly    more sophisticated approach and say your elite education means    you are out of touch with real people . " ’ ’    But she encouraged Clinton graduates not to lose hope . ’ ’    " It’ ’s often during the darkest times that you can do the most    good , " Clinton said Clinton later adding : " Don’’t be afraid of your    dreams , your ambitions , or even your anger   —    those are powerful    forces , but harness them to those a difference in the world . " ’ ’Hillary Clinton commencement Clinton . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 