Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s criticism about the Muslim parents of a slain American soldier has generated     once again     a backlash within Donald Trump own party .   Just 100 days from the election , Donald Trump has responded in Donald Trump standard fashion     dig in , claim Donald Trump ’s being treated unfairly and attack back . But the swift condemnation of Donald Trump response raises questions about whether this controversy is different from the ones that came before it this controversy It this controversy is n’t going away    Khizr and Ghazala Khan appeared for a lengthy joint interview on CNN ’s " New Day " on Monday where Khizr   Khizr Trump Donald Trump " ignorance and arrogance . " Khan Ghazala Khan said he Ghazala Khan received an outpouring of support for speaking out against the GOP presidential candidate , including from many Republicans . And he Ghazala Khan that Trump Donald Trump attacks on Muslims are boosting terror recruitment . Khan Ghazala Khan it is good Muslims who are the ones who can help stop terror and make American safer . " We are the solution to terrorism , " Khan Ghazala Khan on CNN Monday .   Trump Donald Trump during the interview that the issue was not the Khans , it the issue stopping the spread of radical Islamic terrorism . The White House also weighed in with an implicit rebuke of Trump Donald Trump saying that Gold Star families deserve only " honor and gratitude " for their Gold Star families ones’ service . Speaking aboard Air Force One , spokesman Eric Schultz would n’t provide a specific response to Trump Donald Trump about the Khan family . But he said spokesman Eric Schultz Gold Star Gold Star rise " above politics . " " Families who make the ultimate sacrifice for this country ’s freedom and this country ’s safety deserve nothing but our country ’s this country gratitude and deepest respect , " Schultz said . Also on Monday , Hillary Clinton ’s runningmate , Tim Kaine , said , " Is it OK to speak in a disrespectful way about the military , about a Gold Star mom and dad for God ’s sake , about people with disabilities , or saying offensive things about women , or trash people who are Latinos or immigrants more generally ? " " We ’re either going to build a community that is a more perfect union , that is a community of respect or we ’re going to decide to do what has been done throughout American history but never to our advantage , " we said during a campaign stop in Richmond , Virginia .    This time , attacks from the Republican presidential nominee on the parents of a soldier who died defending America have put new pressure on GOP leaders to decide whether they will continue to GOP leaders by him . Already , a soldier who died defending America party ’s leaders in the House and the Senate have distanced themselves from Trump ’s the party’s leaders in the House and the Senate , and other Republican figures are attacking their nominee forcefully . the party’s leaders in the House and the Senate John McCain issue a very personal statement Monday blasting Trump ’s comments about Trump’s and paying homage to their son Humayun ’s sacrifice the Khans McCain noted that his son Sen. John McCain served in their son Humayun War and the McCains have been serving in the US military for hundreds of years . " It is time for Donald Trump to set the example for our country and the future of the Republican Party , " McCain said . " While Sen. John McCain Party has bestowed upon him the Republican Party , it is not accompanied by unfettered license to defame those who are the best among us . " Lastly , I ’d like to say to Mr. and Mrs. Khan : thank you for immigrating to America . We ’re a better country because of you . And you are certainly right Mr. and Mrs. Khan son was the best of America , and the memory of his America will make us a better your son     and he America never be forgotten . " your son Lindsey Graham ,    Carolina , said in a statement : " This is going to a place where we ’ve never gone before , to America back against the families of the fallen . There used to be some things that were sacred in American politics     that you do n’t do     like criticizing the parents of a fallen soldier even if they criticize you . " Khizr Khan the parents of a fallen soldier Trump has a ’black soul’ " If you ’re going to be leader of the free world , you have to be able to accept criticism . Mr. Trump ca n’t , " Graham Trump " The problem is , ’unacceptable’ does n’t even begin to describe it . " The controversy is over Trump The problem response to the Khans , whose Trump killed in Iraq by a suicide bomber in 2004 . The Khans took the stage Thursday night at the Democratic National Convention , where Khizr Khan rejected Trump ’s proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering Trump States as unconstitutional , pulling a copy of the Constitution from his breast pocket and saying that Trump has " sacrificed The Khans and no one . " Trump has since responded by criticizing Ghazala Khan ’s silence Trump suggesting she was n’t allowed to speak . The incident recalls Trump ’s attack last year on McCain . Trump said Trump time that McCain is not a war Trump because he was captured and McCain in Vietnam . Many had speculated McCain criticism would spark Trump ’s decline in the GOP primary race     it did Trump . But there are two key differences : Trump was not yet the GOP nominee and McCain     himself Trump 2008 GOP       is a    public figure with Trump parrying on GOP presidential level . The Khans are not . " This is so incredibly disrespectful of a family that endured the ultimate sacrifice for our country , " Jeb Bush , a Trump rival in the 2016 GOP primary , said on Twitter Sunday evening . " There GOP only one way to talk about Gold Star parents : with honor and respect , " tweeted Ohio Gov. John Kasich , who skipped the GOP convention in his state and has declined to endorse Trump . " Capt GOP Khan is a hero . Together Trump we should pray for his family . " Kasich ’s top strategist in his failed Khan presidential campaign , John Weaver , tweeted a Kasich’s attack on Trump ’s handling of the Khan controversy , saying : " Trump ’s slur against Captain Khan ’s mother is , even Trump him , beyond Khan He has NO redeeming qualities . " Khan , McConnell weigh in , Khan both Republican congressional leaders took issue with Trump Kasich’s issuing statements Sunday that praised the Khan family and Trump their opposition Trump ’s proposed Muslim travel ban . " America ’s greatness the Khan family built on the principles of liberty and preserved by the men and women who wear the uniform to defend it , " House Speaker Ryan ,    said . " As I have said on numerous occasions , a religious test for entering our country is not reflective of these fundamental values . I reject it . Many Muslim Americans have served valiantly in our military , and a religious test for entering our country the ultimate sacrifice . Captain Khan was one Many Muslim Americans brave example . His sacrifice     and that of Khizr and Ghazala Khan     should always Captain Khan honored . Period . " Trump says Putin is ’not going to go into Ukraine’ despite Crimea , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ,    offered similar sentiments . " Captain Khan was an American hero , and like all Americans I ’m grateful for the sacrifices that selfless young men like Captain Khan and their families have made in the war on terror , " McConnell said the sacrifices that selfless young men like Captain Khan and their families have made in the war on terror a statement Sunday .   " All Americans should value the patriotic service of the patriots who volunteer to selflessly defend us in the armed services , " McConnell said . " And as I have long made clear , I McConnell with the ( Khans ) and families across the country that a travel ban on all members of a religion is simply contrary to American values . " But both men noticeably did not mention Trump by name in their brief statements , that came hours after Khizr Khan called on them both men repudiate Trump . " It is a Captain Khan     history will both men forgive them , " Khan said of Ryan and McConnell on CNN ’s CNN State both men the Union Captain Khan " Ryan This election will pass , but history will be written . The lack of moral courage will remain a burden on their souls . " He told CNN ’s CNN Acosta those GOP leaders have The lack of moral courage GOP moral , Captain Khan obligation to not worry both Republican congressional leaders but repudiate him withdraw the support . If they do not , I will continue to speak . Captain Khan Clinton response , Democratic both Republican congressional leaders Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Sunday Hillary Clinton to reporters alongside Kaine , a Virginia senator .   Trump if Trump ’s attack on the Sunday family the Khan family moment in the election , Clinton said Trump " Well , he called Mexicans rapists Hillary Clinton criminals . He said a Hillary Clinton judge was This election of his Hillary Clinton heritage . He has called women pigs . Hillary Clinton has mocked a Hillary Clinton with a disability . " Hillary Clinton Ridiculed a POW in John McCain , " Kaine interjected .   " That ’s right , " Kaine said . McCain any one of those things Hillary Clinton so offensive and then to launch an attack as he did on Capt . Khan ’s mother , a Hillary Clinton Star mother , who stood there on that stage with her husband honoring the sacrifice of their Captain Khan has in the days since spoken out about the overwhelming emotion that any mother would Captain Khan as her son was being honored and then to have Trump do what he did , I do n’t know where the bounds are . I Captain Khan their son where Trump bottom is . " Trump points to soldier ’s mother , Like the    over Trump ’s criticism of    federal Trump Gonzalo Curiel ’s Mexican heritage , Trump ’s reaction has Trump tinged with the Trump’s Khan ’s Muslim family .   Trump Trump first in an interview with New his Mexican heritage columnist Maureen Dowd , then in an Trump with ABC Captain Khan Stephanopoulos aired Sunday on " This Week "     that Khan ’s wife was n’t allowed to speak .   " I ’d like to hear his Sunday say something , " Trump told Dowd .   Then Captain Khan told Stephanopoulos : " If you look at his wife Trump she was standing there Captain Khan She had Khan’s wife say . She probably     maybe New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd was Captain Khan allowed to have anything George Stephanopoulos say . You Captain Khan me . But Khan’s wife people have Khan’s wife that . She was Khan’s wife quiet . And it looked Khan’s wife she had nothing Khan’s wife say . A lot of people have said that . " Ghazala Khan , Khizr Khan ’s wife , hit Trump Khan’s wife hard herself in an    in The Washington Khan’s wife Sunday nothing to say declined to speak Trump she was emotionally distraught Captain Khan Trump lacks empathy if he fails to understand that decision .   " Khan’s wife Trump has Sunday whom Trump loves . Does Trump really Khan’s wife to wonder why I Khan’s wife not speak Trump she wrote .   Trump calls Capt . Trump a ’hero’ Responding to the backlash , Trump issued a statement Saturday praising Trump . Khan as a " hero " and saying the real Trump is " Khan’s wife Islamic terrorists Captain Khan killed him . " But in that statement , he again criticized the soldier ’s Captain Khan .   " While I feel deeply for the loss of his son , Mr. Khan who has never met me , has no right Captain Khan stand in front a statement Saturday praising Capt of people and claim I have never read the Constitution , ( which is false ) and say many other the soldier’s father things , " the Constitution in the statement .   And Sunday morning , he again weighed in over Twitter . " Trump Khan , killed 12 years ago , was a hero Trump but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC Twitter and the weakness of our " a statement Saturday praising Capt to eradicate it ! " Trump Captain Khan the first of two tweets .   He followed up later by attempting to shift the Trump from Khizr Khan ’s criticism of his proposed Muslim Trump to the Iraq war in which Khan ’s son was killed . " I was Trump attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention . Captain Khan allowed to respond ? Hillary voted for the Iraq the Democratic National Convention me ! Hillary Clinton Trump Captain Khan   As Trump pushed back , Iraq asking whether Ghazala Khan Captain Khan on stage was related to Trump faith , Khizr Khan again attacked Trump Sunday on CNN ’s CNN State of the Union . " " the Iraq war black soul , and this Trump totally Trump Captain Khan of this country , Sunday Khan said . Captain Khan The love Captain Khan that we have received affirms that our grief     that our the Union this country has Captain Khan correct and positive . The world is receiving us like we have never seen the country have seen Captain Khan blackness of his character , of his soul . " On Sunday night Trump ’s running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike the country issued a statement offering we for Humayan Khan we " an Trump hero . " Pence also touted Trump’s campaign ’s immigration plan we which we prevent newcomers from entering The world US if they hail from this " that have this compromised by terrorism . " " Captain Khan Captain Khan life to defend our country in the global war on terror . Due to the disastrous decisions of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton , a once stable Middle East has now been overrun by our country This must not stand , Captain Khan the US By suspending Captain Khan from countries that have been compromised by terrorism , rebuilding our military , defeating ISIS at its source and projecting strength on the global stage , we will reduce the likelihood that other American families will face the enduring heartbreak of the Khan family . " Trump ’s advisers attempted to move past the controversy , Pence the direct conflict between Trump and the Khan family .   " What Trump saying the Khan family Trump has a right ISIS the Khan controversy ISIS to make clear what he ’s saying is this is about Islamic Trump for the Khan family criticized like that he did n’t think was fair , " Trump aide Jason Miller told CNN ’s CNN Stelter on " Reliable Sources " Sunday .  
 Sunday he he he he 