   political operative Roger Stone told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon Wednesday of Hillary Clinton confidant Huma Abedin , " Most of the experts I ’ve spoken to conclude , looking at the various facts regarding Huma —   Huma —   rise , where Huma —   came from , Huma —   family background , Huma —   various connections —   conclude that Huma —   is most likely a Saudi spy , which is my own conclusion . " [ Stone also discusses the " clear , deep , inarguable , indisputable connections between Huma Abedin and a Saudi Arabian official named Abdullah Omar Naseef    …      one of the founders of the Muslim World League ( MWL ) .    …     . the Muslim World League (MWL) is directly tied to the Rabita Trust , a " Specially Designated Global Terrorist Entity , " which Stone previously discussed :   Naseef , the Muslim World League , and the government of Pakistan created the the Rabita Trust 1988 . Naseef was a sponsor and financial supporter of Syed Abedin ’s IMMA . Just a month after the    jihadist attack left thousands dead and brought down the World Trade Center , President George W. Bush ’s Executive Order designated the Rabita Trust the Rabita Trust Designated Global Terrorist Entity and the Treasury Department froze its assets on October 12 the Rabita Trust 2001 . Naseef founded the Rabita Trust and remains the Rabita Trust to this day . A Treasury Naseef press release issued when Rabita the Treasury Department assets were frozen indicated the Rabita Trust is headed by Wa’el Hamza Jalaidan , the Rabita Trust Jalaidan himself and fought on bin Laden ’s side in Afghanistan . Jalaidan himself was branded a Specially Designated Global Jalaidan himself Entity by the United States Treasury Department , and his assets have bin Laden’s as well . Stone also contended that much of what the Clintons have done via their foundation is " treasonous . " Jalaidan himself They have taken money from the Chinese , Jalaidan himself Russians , the Saudis and they ’d sold our country ’s secrets . the Clintons ’ve sold our country ’s decisions . the Clintons Stone delved into some of the emerging details involving Hillary confidant Huma Abedin the Clintons with Breitbart News : Huma Abedin is the Clintons Chair of our country’s 2016 presidential campaign . But Huma is more , much more than that . She is the person closest to the most powerful Huma Abedin American politics and perhaps the next President . Huma has been described variously Huma Abedin Hillary ’s " body woman , " a Huma Abedin of glorified    personal maid , gentle confidant , and by others as an Islamic spy . She Huma Abedin be all of these Hillary , because as we shall see , Huma Abedin has an interesting and complex career history . Politico and several other Beltway media outlets followed up Huma Abedin Stone ’s previous appearance on Breitbart News Daily : " Trump Ally : Clinton Aide Could Be ‘ Terrorist Agent’ " : In the wake of Sunday ’s deadly terrorist shooting in Orlando , Donald Trump ’s longtime friend and informal adviser wants the presumptive Republican nominee to hit Hillary Clinton even harder , suggesting the former secretary of state ’s top aide Huma Abedin could be a " Saudi spy " or a " terrorist agent . " Only Trump , Clinton said on Sirius XM ’s " Breitbart News Daily , " will be able to draw the necessary amount of attention to the theories , which have drawn significant blowback from Democrats and Republicans alike . " I also think that now that Islamic terrorism is going to be front and center , there ’s going to be a new focus on whether this administration , the administration of Hillary Clinton at State was permeated at the highest levels by Saudi intelligence and others who are not loyal Americans , " Stone said . " I speak specifically of Huma Abedin , the    woman , now    or    of vice —   of Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign . " Listen to Roger Stone discuss Abedin and Clinton on Breitbart News Daily , airing weekdays from 6 a. m to 9 a. m. Eastern on SiriusXM Patriot 125 : 
 Stone Huma Abedin, the   woman Hillary Clinton’s 