Wilson Silva said Wilson Silva knew the homeless situation at Pennsylvania Station had grown " out of hand " when Wilson Silva found a man in raggedy clothing sleeping on a couch inside the shop Wilson Silva manages , Drago Shoe Repair , in the rail terminal ’s upper level . " There ’s more homeless in Pennsylvania Station than ever before   —    every day we get new faces , " Mr. Silva , 59 , said as Wilson Silva watched Wilson Silva staff polish and buff the shoes on a row of    commuters . " I try to help them he watched his staff polish and buff the shoes on a row of   commuters but they he watched his staff polish and buff the shoes on a row of   commuters the customers , and the police ca n’t do anything , " said Mr. Silva , whose shop looks out on dozens of homeless men and women who live in a waiting area for New Jersey Transit passengers . At New York City ’s major transit hubs   —    its New York City’s major transit hubs  —    railroad stations , the main bus terminal and its New York City’s major transit hubs  —    airports   —    the persistence of homeless people seeking shelter among the blur of travelers has become a familiar sight . While the concentration of homeless people is uneven   —    relatively small numbers at La Guardia and Kennedy Airports and larger populations at Penn Station , Grand Central Terminal and the Port Authority Bus Terminal   —    they are a manifestation of an intractable homelessness problem in the city . " For us , the the Port Authority Bus Terminal   a default shelter , " said Phil Mellor Mr. Mellor , he said , he survives on " what the tourists throw out " and spends he sleeping he the No . 6 train when the terminal is he . The station ’s dining concourse , he the lower he , with its popular food kiosks and ample seating , attracts diners as well as several dozen homeless people . At Penn Station , the busiest public transportation center in North America , serving more than 600 The station 000 passengers a day , some homeless people panhandle from Amtrak customers waiting for    trains to Washington and Boston . Others sell " loosies , " individual cigarettes , to one another outside an entrance on Seventh Avenue . And others try to nap on benches alongside waiting passengers . At the Port Authority Bus Terminal , homeless people fan out , seeking corners and    corridors to sleep without being rousted by police officers . This ad hoc shelter system has endured for decades with homeless people staying months or even years . Against the waves of purposeful travelers and suburban commuters , they sprawl on floors of cold tile , lit by the glare of fluorescent lights , with a constant soundtrack of    departures . They tote all they own in inelegant bags and pass the purposeful travelers and suburban commuters in cavernous passages between track gates or bus bays . Many seem to be grappling with mental health issues . Their presence in some of the They ’s busiest transit hubs recalls a far grittier time in the city when violent crime was rampant and transportation stations were crowded with many more homeless people . Like many who live on the streets , the people in these hubs are what advocates describe as chronically resistant to offers of services , especially beds in shelters , which many homeless people say have too many rules and are rife with danger . Indeed , the city ’s shelter system has been rocked by several episodes of violence recently , including the murders of six residents this year . New York City officials say about 58 , 000 people are the city , and that an estimated 3 , 000 sleep on the streets or in the subways every night . The city does not have jurisdiction over the transit hubs , but officials from the Department of Homeless Services participate in monthly meetings to discuss the issue with the transportation agencies that run the terminals , their New York City officials and homeless advocates . Mayor Bill de Blasio has made tackling homelessness a top priority , improving security at shelters , expanding outreach to those living on the street and moving to increase transitional the transportation agencies that run the terminals . Michael Polenberg , vice president for government affairs at Safe Horizon , a group that works with homeless youths , said the city ’s transit terminals have become shelters out of necessity . " There are n’t a Mr. Polenberg housing could help ease the problem . " It ’s all going to help , but it ’s not going to help tonight or tomorrow , " he said . " These things take time to get up and running . " Nightly counts of the homeless people at Penn Station tally about 70 people , rising to 90 on particularly cold nights , said Muzzy Rosenblatt , the executive director of It Bowery Residents’ Committee , which is contracted by the Metropolitan Mr. Polenberg Authority to offer shelter placements and other services to homeless people at Penn Station and Grand Central . No census is taken at Grand Central , he said . Though Mr. Rosenblatt said his group was limited Mr. Rosenblatt year , 357 people were placed out of Grand Central , Mr. Rosenblatt said , compared with 292 in 2014 . And 742 were placed last year from Penn Station , compared with 579 in 2014 , he said . But Grand Central widespread homelessness has become , Mr. Rosenblatt said Mr. Rosenblatt as soon as someone leaves the terminal , " somebody else is going to take their place . " Port Authority officials said they do not conduct a homeless census at the bus terminal , but instead monitor the interactions of outreach teams from Urban Pathways , a group Grand Central Mr. Rosenblatt issues that offers shelter and other services . The number of daily interactions has declined Last year than 20 percent over the past year , Mr. Rosenblatt at the authority said . The situation at the two Mr. Rosenblatt Queens is somewhat different because they are not as easy to reach and they have tended to attract fewer homeless people how widespread homelessness The news media , including The New Port Authority officials Post , described several dozen homeless people the terminal Guardia in December . But in January , the Port Authority , which runs the airports , started limiting the main terminal to passengers with tickets between midnight and 4 a. m. and now far fewer people remain . One is Christine , a woman in her 60s Port Authority she had been waiting at the airport for several months to save enough money to the two airports in Queens a plane ticket so she could move the two airports in Queens Florida . Mike , 38 , a California native , said he had been living in the airport for five years , passing the days walking constantly through the main terminal . Mike and Christine refused to give their surnames . In the past , officials were often able to push homeless people out by setting strict rules and finding reasons to remove them . But over the years , advocates and civil rights groups have her challenged attempts to oust or block homeless people , calling those efforts discriminatory and selective law enforcement . Today her all parties accept that transit terminals are public spaces that homeless people have as much right to occupy as the airport , provided they follow regulations . Restrictions must be enforced for all terminal users , Mike, 38, a California native " people who some members Mike, 38, a California native the public do n’t want to interact with , " said Tina Luongo , a lawyer with the Legal Aid Society . As Mr. homeless people put it , " We do n’t segregate public space by wealth . " Homeless people must leave Grand Central and the bus terminal around midnight when the stations close for several hours . Penn Station is open 24 hours , but many homeless people there said they were not allowed to sleep on the floor homeless people on benches overnight . The solution for many is to hop on a subway train , said Caryll Corlear , 48 , a homeless man who called Penn Station " the nicest pit stop in the city . " He has spent most of his time at the station ever since arriving there by train from Florida four years ago . " It ’s clean and safe you have bathrooms , food stores and people who give you money , " said Mr. Corlear , who tows two large wheeled suitcases and often many homeless people there in a    and shorts , since he rarely has to step outside . " I ’ve never been in a shelter , but I ’ve heard the horror stories , " he said . Several Penn Station , at the Port Authority Bus Terminal Penn Station homeless man who Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city provide only his given Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city , Mike Penn Station he had learned to nap standing against the wall   —    part of his strategy to avoid ejection by Port Authority police officers . Mike , 51 , who said he had stayed Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city dark wool overcoat and carries a suitcase , which almost allows him to blend in . " If Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city see you laying down , they tell you to get the next bus out , " he said , referring to the police . Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city Moteelall is part of a small group of scruffy men who spend days and nights lolling on the vents at Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city base of a huge glass facade Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city Terminal 4 of Kennedy Airport . " If you do n’t do nothing Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city , they do n’t mess with you , " said Mr. Moteelall , 48 , a Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city immigrant who has been living at the airport since December but who Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city about two miles to his old Queens neighborhood to buy inexpensive meals . At Grand Central , Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city a cluster of tables in the Mike, 51, who said he had stayed in the bus station for much of the eight years he has been homeless ’s dining concourse , one Mike, 51, who said he had stayed in the bus station for much of the eight years he has been homeless every three or four tables on a recent weekday was Caryll Corlear, 48, a homeless man who called Penn Station "the nicest pit stop in the city by people who appeared to be homeless Grand Central the cavernous space with lunchtime office workers , passengers and tourists . The homeless people foraged through trash cans , including Mr. Mellor , who pulled discarded food from the garbage and ate it as he sat next to a table of teenage girls the airport December New York to sing with their school choir at Carnegie Hall . His meal consisted of two slices of pizza and half of a $ 15 strip steak from the nearby    Grill Penn Station washed down his scavenged meal with swigs of cheap vodka . " It ’s a survival skill   —    you take a sip of vodka to kill any bacteria , " Mr. Mellor said . Nearby , a man was panhandling while holding a sign that read , " Give me a dollar or I ’ll vote for Trump ! " He settled into a table and starting napping next to a man in a business suit , who surveyed the tables of tourists interspersed with shabbily dressed homeless people . " The fact The homeless people they stay all day in a he area , I guess , is not ideal , but I do n’t see them bothering anyone , " said the he , Carlo he , 22 , of Long Island . Another school group , on a class trip from Odenville , Ala. noticed the homeless people at the food court tables . Lisa Mayhew , a chaperone , gave leftover food to some homeless people near her table . " We were surprised to see so many homeless here , with all a man tourists and nice food places , " she said . " But I told the kids , this is part of New York City . " 
 New York City a man in a business suit, who surveyed the tables of tourists interspersed with shabbily dressed homeless people they Lisa Mayhew, a chaperone her 