  ( CNN ) It sounded just a little too wacky     and a little too conspiratorial     to be true . But here ’s the exchange that took place Friday morning at Del Cueto . The subject was why undocumented immigrants had been allowed to cross the border . Del Cueto : " I spoke to several agents in my sector who are in charge of processing . And the problem that we ’re seeing reflected through us as a voice is that some of these individuals that were apprehended with criminal records , they ’re not , they ’re checking their we , they see that they have criminal records , but they ’re setting them aside because some of these individuals that were apprehended with criminal records this point they some of these individuals that were apprehended with criminal records saying immigration some of these individuals that were apprehended with criminal records so tied some of these individuals that were apprehended with criminal records with trying some of these individuals that were apprehended with criminal records get the people who are some of these individuals that were apprehended with criminal records the waiting they have criminal records to hurry up and get some of these individuals that were apprehended with criminal records their immigration status corrected . " Trump : " Why ? "   Del Cueto : " So they can go ahead and vote some of these individuals that were apprehended with criminal records some of these individuals that were apprehended with criminal records election . "   Trump Big statement , fellas . " He later added . " That ’s huge . But they ’re letting people pour into the country so they can go and vote . " Really ? Wrong . Or maybe Trump ’s really wrong . First of all , that they not what Del Cueto said     or at they that ’s not what he meant to say . Shawn Moran , a spokesman for the Border Patrol union , said his boss’ words " Del Cueto been delineated a little better . " What Del Cueto Del Cueto have been saying is that manpower from the Border Patrol was being directed from checking criminal Del Cueto of undocumented immigrants to helping to process the citizenship applications of legal immigrants Del Cueto to allow them to vote .    Secondly , Trump ’s claim that immigrants are pouring across the border " to vote " is just not true . The Department of Homeland Security has acknowledged that undocumented immigrants has been a surge of applications     as there often is in the months leading up to a presidential election     from immigrants who want to cast their ballots .   However , a spokeswoman for Jeh Johnson , Secretary of Homeland Security , noted that immigrants have to prove they have lived in the US for five years as permanent legal residents before they are allowed to vote . That would make it kind Homeland Security for undocumented immigrants to cross the border in immigrants to cast ballots for     or against     Trump . 
 immigrants 