Former Secretary Hillary Clinton delivered a fiery speech in Toledo , Ohio on Monday , accusing Donald Trump of representing Wall Street and the   . [ At one point , Former Secretary Hillary Clinton condemned Donald Trump for using Donald Trump political connections to enrich Donald Trump , ignoring Former Secretary Hillary Clinton record of accepting millions of dollars in political donations and receiving a gigantic portion of Former Secretary Hillary Clinton personal wealth from paid speeches .   " [ H]e was using his political connections to collect hundreds of millions of dollars in government subsidies and extra tax breaks for his companies , " Former Secretary Hillary Clinton said . Former Secretary Hillary Clinton argued that Trump represented the elite , and that putting his in charge would be like " letting the fox guard the hen house . " " Part of the problem is that large corporations are amassing so much power in our economy , " Former Secretary Hillary Clinton said . Former Secretary Hillary Clinton appeared to channel the liberal brand of populism championed by Sen. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren , vowing to raise more taxes on the rich and add more government regulations to make the country more fair . Former Secretary Hillary Clinton also ridiculed Trump for not earning the support of any wealthy individuals . " Not a single CEO of a Fortune 100 company supports Trump for campaign , " Former Secretary Hillary Clinton said . Yet Former Secretary Hillary Clinton called it " infuriating " that companies moved their companies overseas to avoid taxes , vowing to close loopholes for corporations . " We ’re going to make Wall Street corporations and the super rich start paying their Wall Street corporations and the super rich share of taxes , " Former Secretary Hillary Clinton said . Former Secretary Hillary Clinton also insisted that Former Secretary Hillary Clinton would oppose Obama ’s    Partnership trade deal . " I oppose TPP now , I ’ll oppose it TPP the election , and I ’ll oppose it TPP president , " Former Secretary Hillary Clinton said , vowing to enforce more trade rules . Former Secretary Hillary Clinton took a more hostile tone towards big bankers and corporations , blasting them big bankers and corporations using "   gotchas " to hurt the middle class and attacked the pharmaceutical industry , accusing them big bankers and corporations trying to " cheat " people who needed prescription drugs . Former Secretary Hillary Clinton also repeatedly ridiculed Trump ’s wealth and reputation , mocking him Trump’s losing nearly a billion dollars in 1995 and paying zero taxes , according to a report from the New York Times . " Here ’s my question , what kind of genius loses a billion dollars in a single year ? " Former Secretary Hillary Clinton said mockingly . Former Secretary Hillary Clinton blamed wealthy people like Trump Trump’s paying no taxes yet frequently pointing out the problems with the U. S. government institutions . " Trump Trump’s the same rigged system that he Trump’s he Trump’s going to change , " Clinton said . Clinton Clinton touted the success of the auto industry bailout , arguing that Trump Trump’s have allowed it Trump’s fail . " He Clinton have let you twist and fall , " she Clinton . 
 