When a resurgent Donald Trump invited the families of victims killed by illegal aliens to join Donald Trump onstage at Donald Trump immigration speech in Arizona on Wednesday , Donald Trump outsmarted the networks , like CNN , that had often ignored or cut away from the families of victims killed by illegal aliens to join him onstage at his immigration speech in Arizona on Wednesday . [ But Donald Trump was also repaying a debt . Without the families of victims killed by illegal aliens to join him onstage at his immigration speech in Arizona on Wednesday , Donald Trump would have crashed out of the Republican primary race , just as almost everyone expected he Donald Trump . By listening to them , the families of victims killed by illegal aliens to join him onstage at his immigration speech in Arizona on Wednesday amplifying their voices the families of victims killed by illegal aliens to join him onstage at his immigration speech in Arizona on Wednesday he Donald Trump to a broad constituency and won the nomination .   With their help the families of victims killed by illegal aliens to join him onstage at his immigration speech in Arizona on Wednesday he Donald Trump win the presidency . The proof can be found in an interactive chart at RealClearPolitics , which tracked poll averages during the primary . On July 10 , 2015 , former Florida governor Jeb Bush was the frontrunner , at 16 . 3 % . Donald Trump was a distant seventh , with just 6 . 5 % of the vote . Keep in mind that Trump had Donald Trump running against illegal immigration since he launched Donald Trump campaign Donald Trump than three weeks before , with his infamous Donald Trump about illegal aliens from Mexico . None of that had resonated much . And then , on July 1 ,     Kate Steinle was shot and killed in San Francisco while strolling along a pier with her father Kate Steinle The murderer , Juan Francisco    had been deported five times before , and had been convicted of seven felonies . He later The murderer, Juan Francisco    a local journalist that he had The murderer, Juan Francisco    come to San Francisco San Francisco was a " sanctuary city " that would not cooperate with federal immigration officials or enforce immigration laws . Breitbart News focused on that story in the days that followed . Breitbart California ’s Michelle Moons , who had covered the protests in Murietta against    illegal alien children who had surged across the Mexican border exactly a year before , wrote a series of articles about Steinle . She used her Breitbart California sources Breitbart California the law enforcement community , as well as among families who had lost loved ones to crimes by illegal aliens , to build the details of the story and place it in a the story context . That was when Trump began to show an interest in meeting with those families , who had reached out to him in the Trump after the Steinle murder . He met with Trump on July those families, who had reached out to him in the days after the Steinle murder in Los Angeles , and the enduring image of that event was of the    Donald Trump standing silently as he listened to Trump families pouring out their grief . those families, who had reached out to him in the days after the Steinle murder Few other politicians had ever bothered . These families were the families pouring out their grief a national debate in which the Republican Party had already conceded to the opposition . One of the parents who participated , Sabine Durden , later spoke exclusively to Moons : [ Trump ] listened to each one of our stories and was visibly shaken and touched . We got hugged and our promised to continue Trump] fight for us and our kids our We our went to our separate room where the press was staged . He addressed them and Trump] gave the press of us time to share our story . The our tried to the press down on his Trump] comments . Trump] stood his ground Trump] I Trump] a Coke bottle that read HERO on it and I told him that he should Trump] it Trump] He is my hero Trump] he was the only Trump] who got attention to this truly important issue . From that moment , Trump took off in the polls , and almost never looked back . From seventh place in the RealClearPolitics average on July 10 , Trump shot to first by Trump 19 . His dramatic rise is all Trump more surprising given that only 7 percent of Americans called immigration the " most important problem " facing the country in a Gallup poll taken over the same period . By listening to the families , and giving them a voice , Trump the families no longer speaking Trump illegal immigration in the abstract , but in a concrete , human way . In so doing , he connected with others who Trump been victimized , or ignored , by their own government on so many issues , from trade to Obamacare . On Wednesday night , he    that connection . Trump is surging again . Trump question now is whether Trump can convince enough voters Trump November 8 to trust him , as the victims’ Trump do . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 