Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump said Sunday night Donald Trump plans to make a " major speech " on immigration during Donald Trump stop in Arizona on Wednesday . " I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona . Big crowds , looking for a larger venue , " Trump ’s tweet said .   Donald Trump immigration policy received renewed scrutiny recently after he Donald Trump softened his Donald Trump on how to treat undocumented immigrants and then reaffirmed his Donald Trump for deporting them undocumented immigrants He Donald Trump been consistent on a few points , however : building a    border wall , " extreme vetting " of new immigrants and deportations of those who commit crimes . Days after Trump stepped away from one of his Donald Trump policy positions , top surrogates     including vice presidential nominee Mike Pence and campaign manager Kellyanne Conway     offered unclear takes Sunday on where Trump Trump .   Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson says none of it is really that complicated , however . " He Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson n’t changed his Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson on immigration . He Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson changed the words that he Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson saying , " she Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson Thursday on CNN . Trump Trump No legal status for undocumented immigrants , Here ’s what we know     and do n’t know     about Trump Trump policy :   Undocumented immigrants , During the Republican presidential primary , an animating policy of Trump ’s Trump his hardline stance Trump immigration . He first floated Trump prospect of a " deportation force " to boot all undocumented immigrants from the country     no matter how long they ’d been all undocumented immigrants the United States     during an interview in November 2015 , and later defended it in a December primary debate . In recent days , Trump has backed Trump from that rhetoric     if not the policies .   " There could certainly be a softening " in his immigration proposals Trump Trump told Fox Trump Sean Trump Tuesday night , " because we ’re not looking to hurt people . " So has he scrapped the Trump of removing all undocumented immigrants from the country ? Trump would n’t Trump later in the week , in an interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper .   " There is a very good chance the answer could be yes , " Trump said when Trump if he would deport Trump who have lived here peacefully but without papers . " We ’re going to see what happens . " Trump was set Trump deliver a major speech on illegal immigration last week , the week campaign decided Trump postpone the address as it continues to craft the address policy and the the address to deliver it . Deportation force the address Trump running mate Trump Pence gave the GOP nominee some wiggle room on actually implementing that deportation force in an interview with CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union " Sunday , downplaying it as merely a " mechanism " to carry out Trump ’s    Trump . " Well , what you heard him describe there , the GOP nominee his usual plainspoken , the GOP nominee way , was a mechanism , not a policy . I mean , you ’re going to hear more detail in next two weeks that lays out all the policies , " Pence said .   Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus admitted on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " that his party ’s nominee Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus considering changing his previous position , his party’s nominee the issue complicated     even though Trump had ignored those complexities in the primary . " He did simplify it Trump But now the issue ’s reflecting on Trump and his position the issue going Trump be known , " Priebus said .   Bottom line : Would undocumented immigrants have to leave the United States ? That ’s what CBS’ John Dickerson asked Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Trump on Sunday .   " That ’s really the question here , John , " Conway said , leaving Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway unanswered .   ’Anchor babies’   Trump also made headlines Trump the primary for using the term " anchor babies " to describe the    children of undocumented immigrants     suggesting he did n’t support Trump citizenship status granted by the Constitution to those children .   the   children of undocumented immigrants     Pence Sunday on whether the GOP ticket believes those children are citizens . the   children of undocumented immigrants     Well , I think the whole question of anchor babies , as it ’s known , the whole the whole question of anchor babies of citizenship , of    Americans is a subject for the future , " he said . " I think Tapper American people ought to ask it . We look at our whole immigration system and see We that works and makes sense . " 
 