During an interview broadcast on Wednesday ’s edition of NBC ’s " Today Show , " Democratic vice presidential candidate Senator Tim Kaine ( ) responded to a question on untrue statements made by "Today Show," Democratic vice presidential candidate Senator Tim Kaine ( ) running mate , Hillary Clinton , about Hillary Clinton emails by saying , " if you ask somebody a question 150 times or 200 times , you ’re going to be able to find that they do n’t use exactly the same word every time , and there ’s going to be variations , and then people are going to play on those . "   Kaine was asked by host Savannah Guthrie , " If you look at what Kaine said over the past year or so about Kaine email , I can count at least four statements that just turned out not to be true . Has Kaine earned that mistrust ? " Kaine answered , " Savannah , if you ask somebody a question 150 times or 200 times , you ’re going to be able to find that they do n’t use exactly the same word every time , and there ’s going to be variations , and then people are going to play on those . But   —   . " Guthrie interjected , " [ S]he did use the same verbiage , it just happens to not be true . " Kaine then stated , " Well , here ’s what I ’ve heard Kaine say . I ’ve heard Kaine say , I made a mistake , and I ’ve learned something from a mistake , and I would n’t do a mistake again , and I apologize . " Guthrie then said , " Kaine has acknowledged mistakes with respect to the email practices . Kaine has n’t acknowledged a mistake with regard to what Kaine has told the American people . " Kaine responded , " The bottom line is this , you know , this is an area where Kaine says , I made a mistake , and I ’ve learned from a mistake , and I ’ve improved , and I ’m going to do differently . When has Donald Trump during the course of this campaign , or Donald Trump life , said , I ’ve made a mistake , and I ’m better , and I ’m going to learn from a mistake and grow from a mistake ? (   Washington Free Beacon ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 