’   ’ "    House Speaker Paul Ryan , who has invested nearly all his    political capital into repealing and replacing President Barack    Obama ’s signature health law , finds his fate suddenly tied this    month to whether his can deliver on the Republican Party ’s    promise to send a bill with    health solutions to    President Donald Trump ’s desk . " ’    " You can’’t underscore how important this is to the speaker , " said    Republican strategist and    president of the Potomac Strategy Group . " From a policy    standpoint , it’ ’s becoming more closely identified as it’ rather    than the president’ ’s . " ’ "    Ryan ’s mission , however , will not be easy . Ryan proposal has    already faced a number of setbacks , from Democrats and    Republicans alike . " "    Democrats remain staunchly opposed to repealing Obamacare , while    some Republicans , like members of the House Freedom Caucus and    Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , do n’t think Ryan ’s legislation goes    far enough to advocate for    solutions . " ’    The plan , as has been laid out , consists of three " phases , " the    first of which is an initial budget reconciliation bill that    requires 50 Senate votes if passed through the House . The GOP    holds 52 seats , making every vote critical . ’ ’’ ’    But the political forecast only seems to be growing darker for    Ryan . ’ ’    On Monday , a report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget    Office said the plan would lead to roughly 24 million fewer    Americans being insured over the next decade . ’ "    And although Trump has backed the plan , reliably    outlet    Breitbart , which helped launch Steve Bannon into his Steve Bannon at    the White House , has established itself the White House the bill ’s top    critic on the right . " ’    This week ,   released a tape of Ryan    telling House Republicans in October that he would not    defend Trump after       of Trump Trump lewd comments    about women was released . The comments from Ryan Ryan    been    reported on at length in October October but audio had never been       .   ’ ’    Another    Chris Ruddy , the CEO of Newsmax ,   that Trump Trump instead focus    on a proposal that expands Medicaid and Medicare , rather than the    AHCA . ’ ’    " I think the degree of difficulty in what they’’re trying to do is    off the charts , given the constituencies , given the procedural    challenges , and given the kind of state of play of the country    politically , " Mackowiak said . ’ ’ added that this is a " big year "    for Ryan and " a big part of why he Ryan willing to be speaker . " ’ ’    " Look , Ryan Ryan to be speaker , he was Ryan reluctant    about doing this in the first place , " . " He was Ryan because he had Ryan lot of leverage , to    structure the position in a way where he could Ryan the things he    Ryan    do and have other members do the things he didn’’t Ryan    to    . " ’ ’    The bill is a part of the three planks to which Ryan has    dedicated much of his political Ryan : healthcare , tax reform ,    and entitlement reform . As Mackowiak put it , he’ ’s been thinking    about those items " seriously " for the better part of two decades . ’ ’    " Now he has Ryan chance , a real opportunity to have major    achievements in those areas , "   explained .    " So I do think he has Ryan lot riding on this . I also think if this    were    go down one way or the other , it would this    his    Ryan    have achievements on the other issues he cares Ryan . " ’ ’    Kurt Bardella , formerly a senior adviser and spokesman for the      House Oversight Committee , told Business Insider    in an email he thinks Ryan " has foolishly put himself in Ryan      situation . " ’ ’    While Mackowiak said the criticisms of the bill are overblown ,    adding that all three phases need to be in place before the    legislation    be truly judged , Bardella said if " TrumpCare "    passes at Ryan’ ’s push , the speaker " will have shilled for one of    the worst pieces of legislation EVER at the expense of his       . " ’ ’    " If it fails ,    are already laying the groundwork    [    Ryan ] to be the fall guy , and his position Ryan speaker will    come    attack , "   said . ’ ’"Had Paul Ryan Ryan his    actual Ryan vs. becoming one of Trump’ ’s lapdogs , he would    Trump’ at least retained his own moral Trump’ ground and had a    platform to    the GOP for many years to come . Instead , the    minute Trump became president , he , like the   minute Trump many in the GOP , the GOP over and are on the wrong side of 24 million Americans who    are about to lose their health care coverage Americans " ’ ’    Another top Republican strategist said he thinks the biggest Another top Republican strategist problem with the rollout so far has been the Ryan team’ ’s    explaining of the    process , saying that they’’re    " frustrated " by the current debate because it’ ’s been mostly    discounted that the    will in all likelihood face some major    changes in the Senate if it arrives there . the bill ’    " So the House and Speaker Ryan in turn are taking way more arrows    than they need be right the House and Speaker Ryan in turn , " the strategist said . [ This is ]    the first step of many . They need to start explaining that better    to people . It’ ’s not a final bill . " ’ ’    If they don’’t explain that aspect better , the strategist said , the strategist Republicans   —    and chiefly Ryan   —    will " get saddled with    every negative outcome . " But , even as Breitbart slams Ryan with    persistence , the strategist said he didn’’t the strategist political    the strategist to the speaker . ’ ’    " There were some stumbles out of the gate , " the person said .    " The speaker has done a pretty the speaker pulling it together    and making the best the speaker .    ’s out there alone right now , but he    can handle it . " He’    And , for the GOP , it ’s not just Ryan who has a it on the line . " ’    " All Republicans have a lot riding on this , " Mackowiak said .    " Whether they realize that or not . " ’ All Republicans Speaker Paul Ryan , who has invested . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 