Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s vice presidential selection will " come down to one person ’s comfort level "     Donald Trump former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said Sunday .   Lewandowski     Trump himself    former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski credentials of both Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich as people with strong ties to Washington , in an interview with Brianna Keilar on CNN ’s " State of the Union . " " If you look at Gov. Pence , he ’s the type of person who could help Gov. Pence the party , obviously , at the convention , " Lewandowski said , pointing out Pence ’s time as the House Republican Conference chairman . " He ’s the type of person who would bring Gov. Pence lot to the ticket . "   " It ’s really going to come down to the personal relationship that he and Mr. Trump could have to find out Gov. Pence they could work well together , and if so he and Mr. Trump if that ’s Mr. Trump ’s choice , I think Gov. Pence would be a great choice for vice president , " said Lewandowski , a CNN political commentator .   He Lewandowski a politician Gov. Pence ties to Washington , Mr. Trump could help advance his legislative agenda in Congress .   " Having Gov. Pence who has those relationships in Washington is going to be a critical component of his presidency , " he said .   Lewandowski Gov. Pence addressed Gingrich ’s Gov. Pence that Trump needs to " quit screwing up . " Mr. Trump " What you have in Newt Gingrich is someone who tells it like it is , and that ’s Gingrich , " he said . " Again it you ’ve got a person there who has extensive Gingrich , D. C. experience . He ’s been known to be able to Washington bipartisan and work across party lines Gingrich .. Somebody who can clearly get things done in Washington     he ’s the last speaker of the House to balance the budget Washington "   Gingrich also said New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie could help Trump in battleground states , Gingrich Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions would offer extensive relationships in Washington .   The key , Lewandowski said , is " finding the right Washington with the right temperament to be Gingrich good partner for Mr. Trump . " Pence addressed the swirl of vice presidential speculation Sunday night at a Fourth of July weekend event in Indiana . Including a weekend meeting with the presumptive Republican nominee at the Trump National Golf Club in New Jersey . Pence and his wife " were able to get some personal time getting to know somebody who must be the next United States of America , " the governor told reporters . " He was very interested in the progress of the state of Indiana . "   the governor is up for reelection this year and said that ’s Indiana primary focus .   " We ’re not going to get into hypotheticals " the governor who Trump will choose as his running mate , Pence said . 
 Pence Trump 