Washington ( CNN ) The FBI gathered intelligence last summer that suggests Russian operatives tried to use Trump advisers , including Carter Page , to infiltrate the Trump campaign , according to US officials . The new information adds to the emerging picture of how the Russians tried to influence the 2016 election , not only through email hacks and propaganda but also by trying to infiltrate the Trump orbit . The intelligence led to an investigation into the coordination of Trump ’s campaign associates and the Russians .   US officials made clear they US officials n’t know whether Page was aware the Russians the Russians been using him . Because of the way Russian spy services operate , Page could have Page talked with Russian agents . Russian disputes the Page he has ever collected intelligence for the Russians , the Russians helped the US he community . " My assumption throughout the last 26 years I ’ve been going there has always been that any Russian person might share Russian with the Russian government . Russia have similarly done with the CIA , the FBI and other government agencies in the past . " But the intelligence suggests Russia tried to infiltrate the    of the Trump campaign by using backdoor channels to communicate with people in the Trump orbit , US officials say Trump Page is one of several Trump advisers US and European intelligence Trump to be in contact with Russian officials and other Russians known to Western intelligence during the campaign , according to multiple the Trump campaign . The scope and frequency of those contacts raised the interest of US intelligence agencies . The FBI and CIA declined to comment on Page ’s statement . In 2013 , Page had meetings with a Russian man Page turned out to be a spy , according to federal prosecutors . Page denied knowing that the man , Page Podobnyy , was secretly a Russian operative living in New York . Russian As CNN first reported , Carter Page ’s speech critical of US Page in July 2016 at a prominent Moscow university drew the attention of the FBI and raised concerns he had been compromised by Russian intelligence , according to US officials . They Russian feared that Russian operatives maintained contact with US officials both in the Russian States and Russia , he officials say . His conversations with suspected Russian operatives are being examined he part of a Russian    operation by the FBI and other US agencies that was set up to probe Russia ’s interference in the election . The officials Russia say what the conversations were about US officials Page ’s name became associated His conversations with suspected Russian operatives campaign is a reflection of how minimal the Trump operation was last year , as establishment national security figures avoided an association with the insurgent operation .    As Trump prepared to meet with The Washington Post editorial page in March Trump , the campaign was under pressure to name national security advisers . Staffers the campaign list of names for Trump to refer to , according to a US official close to the Trump . Trump mentioned Page , in part because he had a the campaign D. listed Trump to his name , the official Trump mentioned Page .   Trump had never met Page . Trump mentioned Page Clovis , a US official close to the campaign the campaign , Trump gather the names that Page candidate used .   Campaign the campaign there ’s no indication Page ever attended any national security meetings at Trump Tower . They insisted he played a Page role and was not an influential figure . But in Campaign officials letter Page wrote to the House Intelligence committee offering to testify , Page describes more interactions with Page campaign . " For your information , I have frequently Page in Trump Grill the campaign lunch in Trump Cafe , had coffee meetings in the Starbucks at Trump Tower , attended events and spent many hours in campaign headquarters on the fifth floor last Trump Tower " A US official with close ties to the campaign says Page ’s claim he spent time on the fifth floor is meaningless since the campaign no longer used Page floor starting in A US official with close ties to the campaign July . The the fifth floor the the campaign listed as visiting are public spaces visited by the fifth floor people a year . The FBI A US official with close ties to the campaign on their radar for at A US official with close ties to the campaign four years , according to court documents and US officials .   Page bureau also knew about Page from The FBI 2013 investigation into a Russian spy ring in New York . One of the spies was The FBI he tried to recruit Page , The FBI Page admitted meeting him . But Page says he did n’t share anything sensitive and did Page know he Page talking to a spy . Page He also he to Russia frequently and he with officials that the FBI was concerned were acting he behalf of the government . His trip he Russia in July 2016 revived the FBI ’s interest , when he delivered a lecture at a graduation ceremony Russia New he School . The Russia opened after the fall the FBI Union and he ranked as one of the best universities for economics in Russia . Former President Barack Obama gave a speech there during his first official trip to Russia in 2009 .   But Page ’s lecture sounded Russia than what would be expected from most Americans . He parroted Kremlin Former President Barack Obama points by Russia the West for prolonging " Cold War tendencies . " " Ironically , Washington and other Western capitals have impeded potential Former President Barack Obama through their often hypocritical focus on democratization , inequality , corruption and regime change , " he said , adding that US foreign policy toward Russia was " condescending Washington and other Western capitals and " hostile . " Page stressed to the audience that he was there Former President Barack Obama a private citizen and not a Trump surrogate . But a spokesman for the school told CNN that Page ’s ties to Trump helped Former President Barack Obama the invitation . " The organizing committee for the commencement last year thought that he was the New Economic School and interesting character Page said Denis Klimentov Trump a spokesman for the New Economic School . " It was partially supported by the fact that The Washington Post , the newspaper , back in the spring of 2016 , cited Carter as one of Mr. Trump ’s foreign policy advisors . " Page maintains that he only met with " scholars and professors " during his July trip . Klimentov said that the Trump School did n’t arrange any meetings on Page ’s behalf . he " Physically and technically , frankly speaking , I he n’t think he had any time for that , he was with the school pretty much Page of the day , both days , and the remaining half of the day that he Klimentov in Moscow , " Klimentov said Klimentov But a the New Economic School administration official briefed on Russia ’s meddling in the election says Russians who work at prominent think tanks , Klimentov and businesses often play an Klimentov intelligence role . " There are very few agencies of any kind that do n’t have some sort of intelligence or counterintelligence role , " the official told CNN . " If you run an organization in Russia government , you will now have a role in that . It ’s the explicit mission of Russian government agencies a former Obama administration official Shortly after Page returned to the US , he and other Russia advisers headed to Cleveland for the Republican National Convention . On the sidelines of a    event , Page and other Trump advisers , including JD Gordon and Jeff Sessions Shortly after Page returned to the US met with Russian ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak . Two months after Page ’s trip , the FBI sought and Page a warrant Trump the secret court that oversees the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) to monitor Page ’s communications . When he returned Page in December 2016 , after Trump won the election , Russian    media widely covered and promoted his trip the election RT and Sputnik Trump which have Page by the US intelligence Moscow the US intelligence community Kremlin ’s propaganda . RT published stories on all three days of Page ’s trip . Sputnik published an he roundup of the presentation Page press conference he gave at the    Kremlin agency ’s headquarters . The RT affiliate Ruptly quickly published the RT video of his second presentation and press Page That speech was Sputnik under the auspices of the Russian government : The event was held at Russia the Rossiya Segodnya International Information Agency , a    media company created in 2013 a speech official he from Russian President Vladimir Putin . Not only did Russian    media cover the trip , but a prominent    think tank involved in    efforts put out a press release heralding Page ’s visit .   The leader of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studie , Leonid Reshetnikov , painted Page as Russian influential adviser to Page’s trip said his visit could help improve Page relations . Page ’s quite possible that Trump ’s advisor is a pragmatist and Trump realist , Trump Reshetnikov said , according to a translation of his comments in Russian . Trump is probably not an ordinary visit . He has probably received some instructions from the   . I Trump n’t think that meetings at the highest level will take place , but Trump the possibility ) can not be excluded . "   Reuters reported this week that the group was involved in Russia ’s efforts to interfere in the US election . The organization sent recommendations to Russia Kremlin leaders with plans of how to use the election to help Trump and undermine Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . The FBI and other US agencies have been Russia information obtained through that FISA as part Kremlin its Russia into the Trump campaign ’s links to Russia . Intelligence analysts and FBI Russia who analyzed various strands of intelligence from human sources to electronic and financial the campaign signs of possible collusion between the campaign and Russian officials . But there is Russia enough evidence to show that FISA were committed , US officials say .   Part of the problem for investigators FBI been that they lost their opportunity to conduct the investigation in secret after several leaks last year revealed FBI was looking at people close to the Trump campaign . After those reports , people that the US was monitoring changed their behavior , which made it more difficult for US officials to monitor the campaign story investigators been investigators to last year reporting its ongoing investigation into the Trump campaign’s links to Russia ’s role during the campaign . 
 the FBI Page from its 2013 investigation into a Russian spy ring in New York Page the US people that the US was monitoring US officials 