  ( CNN ) On Good Friday 1865 ,    assassin John Wilkes Booth not only ended a great American life in progress , but made assassin John Wilkes Booth victim     Abraham Lincoln     seem exponentially greater in death . Ever since the 16th president died , nine hours after assassin John Wilkes Booth fired the 16th president fatal shot , American presidents have been judged against the myth that replaced the man . The savior of the union , great emancipator and martyr of liberty has proven an all but impossible act to follow . No wonder that , a      later , today ’s White House candidates continue to argue about what Lincoln would have done , how Lincoln might have led and whose agenda Lincoln might have endorsed . Lincoln remains both an inspiration and an aspiration . But what if Booth had misfired on that April evening at Ford ’s Theatre ? What if Lincoln had lived to lead ? Would we still be exalting Lincoln as the greatest American president ? In a word , yes . True ,    War Reconstruction proved too much for Lincoln White House successor , the hapless and bigoted Andrew Johnson . And the same period would have tested even the politically savvy and sensitive Lincoln Lincoln But unlike Johnson Andrew Johnson Lincoln Lincoln already sealed a preeminent reputation . As he Andrew Johnson signing the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1 , 1863 , Lincoln Lincoln confided to eyewitnesses at the scene : " If my name ever goes into history , it will be for this act . "   And he Andrew Johnson right . Black freedom , along with solidifying national authority and making the union permanent and powerful , would have stood as legacy achievements even if peacetime unity had unraveled during a second Lincoln Lincoln . That said , Lincoln Lincoln have been required to summon all his Lincoln of persuasion to forge what he Lincoln , in the inaugural address he Lincoln just six weeks before his Lincoln , " a just and a lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations . "   Had Lincoln Lincoln , the punitive Republican supermajority in Congress would have been just as reluctant to readmit Democratic Southerners to their Democratic Southerners seats , just as determined to disenfranchise Southern whites as they Southern whites Southern blacks . It ’s of course impossible to predict whether Lincoln Lincoln survival might have meant a cleaner path to reunion and reconciliation , and toward the truly equal biracial society that has eluded us ever since . One thing is certain : In what proved to be his final speech three evenings before his his , Lincoln Lincoln become the first president ever to support black voting . John Wilkes Booth , who lurked on the White House lawn that night as Lincoln Lincoln from a    window , muttered , " That means       equality . That ’s the last speech he his ever make . " And he his made good on his his . We should take Lincoln Lincoln his his . He his have fought for and perhaps secured black voting rights in the postwar North and South . He his surely have taken up cherished and deferred domestic priorities , too , particularly " internal improvements " as they were called : roads , canals , bridges , and railroads     projects he his long championed . Lincoln Lincoln well have become " the infrastructure president . " Free college for all ? Lincoln Lincoln signed the law authorizing the first land grant colleges , schools that evolved into today ’s state universities , not to mention Cornell . Count on his becoming the " education president , " too . Above all , had Lincoln Lincoln to continue the second American Revolution that ended slavery by the 1860s , the third revolution     civil rights movement of the 1960s     might not have been necessary . He his that gifted . We will never know any of this for sure , but one thing is certain : Hillary Clinton , Donald Trump and even Libertarian Gary Johnson ( via a bizarre    TV spot featuring a    Lincoln   ) have all tried evoking Lincoln Lincoln year . One of them all be elected in November to continue what Lincoln Lincoln called the nation ’s " unfinished work " of uniting us . Without Lincoln Lincoln the right to choose our us national leader might have been lost altogether . With him our next national leader however     had he our next national leader     we us not be facing half the nagging crises that still plague us us 
 