’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s shocking decision to   on Tuesday set off one of the most tumultuous weeks in    his young administration . Critics on both sides of the aisle    blasted the president for firing the man who was overseeing an    investigation into his and his associates for possible collusion    with Russia during the 2016 presidential election . " "    But Trump ’s most dedicated supporters see things a little    differently . To most dedicated supporters , Trump ’s decision to fire Comey was a    welcome sign of a      —    a theory peddled by those on    the    which asserts that there is a shadow network of    government officials , politicians , and intelligence agents who    are covertly working to undermine Trump ’s agenda and ultimately    overthrow him . " "    Though there is no credible evidence of an American deep state ,    talks of it have been widespread on    news outlets like    InfoWars and Breitbart . InfoWars and Breitbart ’ve also found a home among notable    pundits including   and Rep. Steve    King of Iowa . " ’    As evidence of notable   pundits including  and Rep. Steve   King of Iowa theory , supporters of the idea of an    American deep state often point to leaks of classified    information , saying that members of the intelligence community    are working     with the " mainstream media " in order to    take Trump down and install a new leader . ’ "    As a result , intelligence agencies like the CIA , NSA , and FBI are    often the targets of Trump supporters’ ire . To intelligence agencies like the CIA, NSA, and FBI , Comey ’s    firing represented not a controversial decision that drew    comparisons to Nixon ’s Saturday Night Massacre , but a     against a growing deep state . " ’   ’ "    This reaction from Trump supporters’ ’s most stalwart supporters is n’t all    that surprising , according to Carle . " ’    " It’ ’s likely Trump supporters’ supporters who believe in an American deep    state will view Comey’ ’s firing as the president pushing back at    an intelligence community working to undermine him , " Carle told    Business Insider . ’ ’    " In their mind , they don’’t see [ Comey’ ’s ] firing as the their ,    yet again , undermining the independence of democratic    institutions , " Carle added . " They see it as the opposite Carle —    as    Trump fighting back against these supposedly secret efforts to    undermine him . " ’ ’    InfoWars founder Alex Jones Trump as much . ’ ’    " Comey was compromised and had been compromised for a long time , "    Jones told his . " And was being clearly " ’ ’   InfoWars founder Alex Jones " ’ ’   InfoWars founder Alex Jones state Comey sources to try to exert pressure onto the White House to have the    White House carry out the deep state’ ’s political aims with this    whole fake Russia narrative , that if they did n’t basically do    what John McCain and others wanted , they would continue on with    hearings and try to impeach John McCain and others president . " ’ ’    " Deep State Pushes Coup Against Trump Over Comey Firing , " blared    another     in the wake of Comey’ ’s ouster . The article claimed that the " deep    state " was using Comey’ ’s firing as the " " to overthrow Trump . Comey’ ’    " This is the first step Trump President Trump draining the deep    state swamp , " Hannity Trump his opening monologue on Tuesday    night , just hours after Trump Trump Comey . " James Comey , the    former FBI Trump , Trump a national embarrassment . Frankly , he ’s    very lucky President Trump kept him around this long Trump " ’ ’    The theory enjoyed Trump among Trump’ ’s    base .    " Firing Comey was a brave decision , a deep blow to the deep Trump state , " one person commented on a .    That line of thought also picked up steam on Twitter : ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tComey was leader of FBI what s the saying , cut of   the head of a snake & not the body . That ’s what Trump did 2 Deep State , Huge win 4 us’t’t " " ’t’t’tTrump firing Comey is white pilling simply for the fact that he ’s finally making moves against those in the Deep State . Comey " ’   Comey was feeling like an untouchable , Trump showed him who was the boss . The deep state are Trump fright’t’t’ Comey   Comey is an asset the Deep State . Trump would have to expend too much political capital to remove him Trump ’t’t’ "    Comey ’s firing also set off a Trump round of intelligence being    leaked fright’t’t’ ’  Comey press . If anything , that will likely only cement    Trump supporters’ belief that the FBI director ’s ouster catalyzed    a deep state reaction to the president ’s decision . " ’    While the deep state conspiracy was once relegated to the fringe ,    it . But experts caution    against using the phrase to describe the rift between the deep state conspiracy Trump    administration and    agencies , largely because it    typically characterizes broken democracies . ’ ’    " ’’ Deep state ’’ I    never use , " Michael Hayden , the former CIA    director who served under Presidents Obama and George W. Bush ,    told MSNBC in March . " That’ ’s a phrase we ’ve used for Turkey and    other countries like that , but not the American republic . " ’ "    The deep state , as it exists in Turkey and Egypt for example , has    two defining characteristics , Aykan Erdemir , Turkey senior fellow at    the Foundation for Defense of Democracies , told Business Insider .    First , it involves cooperation across multiple government    agencies , like intelligence officials    military officials    and    often executive branch officials . Second , the execution of the    deep state ’s agenda often results in bloody outcomes . " ’    " You see dramatic results like assassinations , mass killings ,    pogroms , bombings , " Erdemir said . " It’ ’s not about tension between    the executive and the bureaucracy ; it’ ’s not about a failure to    work together . " ’ ’    It’ Clapper , the former director of    intelligence , said    in a Sunday morning interview that he thought US intelligence    agencies were "    assault , " including from the president    himself . ’ ’    " The founding fathers , in their genius , created a system of three      branches of government and a    The founding fathers of checks    and balances , "   " I    feel as though that is under assault and is eroding . " ’ "    Donald Trump ’s shocking decision to . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 