HOLLYWOOD , Fla.   —    The Republican National Committee is scaling back The Republican National Committee financial commitments to some of the most hotly contested states because of flagging    the most concrete evidence yet of how the party ’s divisive and protracted presidential race is threatening the party entire ticket in November . Committee officials outlined detailed plans in written " playbooks " distributed this year in the most competitive states about how they intended Committee officials assist Republican campaigns up and down the ballot with money and manpower . By July 1 , Florida was to have 256 field organizers and Ohio another 176 , for example , according to a state party chairman in possession of the strategy books who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal matters . But Sean Spicer , the committee ’s chief strategist , acknowledged this week that the committee the committee’s informing state parties and statewide campaigns that fulfilling such plans would now be " slower . " He said the pledges had been made with the assumption that Republicans would have " a presumptive presidential nominee by now . " Just as revealing , the party is also taking steps to create a separate    entity dedicated to Senate races , an acknowledgment that many of the wealthiest contributors are increasingly focused on protecting Republican control of Congress rather than on a presidential campaign they fear is Republican control of Congress . Taken together , the party ’s the party illustrate the considerable fallout Republicans are facing from a nominating contest that could last through    and that features two leading candidates , Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz , who are deeply troublesome to many leading Republican donors . " I think everything is up in the air , " said Matt Borges , the chairman of the Republican Party in Ohio , which in addition to being a perennial , and perhaps the    swing state is also home to a competitive Senate race this year . That sense of uncertainty , along with ample apprehension , loomed this week over the party ’s spring meeting here . What is typically an organizational gathering and convivial reunion for Republican state chairmen and chairwomen and other committee members has been subsumed by an explosive presidential race in which the    is waging open war against the party and its longstanding nomination rules the    More worrisome to many veteran Republicans than Mr. Trump ’s complaints about the    process , though , is what his nomination could mean Mr. Trump the party ’s prospects across the board this fall . Mr. Trump has no Mr. Trump network and has given little indication that he is willing to tap Mr. Trump his fortune to give the Mr. Trump the hundreds of the party’s dollars it will require to finance its the party’s in the fall . the party’s remarks to committee members here Thursday night , Mr. Trump ’s new top Mr. Trump Paul Manafort , sought to allay these fears without being overly specific . " He is prepared to work with Mr. Trump R. N. C. and the committees to raise the money necessary so that we will be well funded , " Mr. Manafort said . In the 2012 elections , the R. N. C. raised more than the R. N. C. The party has raised $ 135 million this election , but what is deeply concerning to many Republican candidates , contributors and strategists is that it only had a little more than $ 16 million The party hand , along with nearly $ 2 million in debt , at the end of March . Mr. Spicer stressed that this was partly because the committee had already begun paying to send staff members to battleground states , well ahead of the same time four years ago . But the party ’s modest cash availability underscores how much hangs in the balance with its nominee . " The minute Trump gets the nomination the party the party is going to have to raise another three the party hundred million , " said Al Hoffman , a    Republican donor . " Trump should pay for it himself . " Mr. Hoffman , Trump former R. N. C. Trump chairman , Al Hoffman, a   Republican donor predicament . He said he had little appetite to raise money for a    party and would probably focus his efforts this Al Hoffman, a   Republican donor on Al Hoffman, a   Republican donor a local House candidate and assisting the    of his friend , Senator John Al Hoffman, a   Republican donor of Arizona . And he emphasized that he was not alone . " All Al Hoffman, a   Republican donor donors I ’ve talked to have said they want Al Hoffman, a   Republican donor sit out Al Hoffman, a   Republican donor presidential and just focus on the Senate and House , " Mr. Hoffman said All the donors I’ve talked Ray Washburne , a Republican    from Dallas who also previously served as a national committee Al Hoffman, a   Republican donor , said , Mr. Washburne . " Mr. Washburne said Mr. Trump , who has relied on mostly    contributors in addition to about $ 36 million of his own money , showed no sign of being prepared for the    demands of a presidential general election . " The Trump group has done nothing about putting together a finance team at all , " he Mr. Washburne . And Mr. Washburne would know . A former finance chairman of Gov. Chris Christie ’s presidential campaign , Mr. Washburne was brought backstage to meet Mr. Trump in February when Mr. Christie , of New Mr. Washburne , endorsed Mr. Trump . Mr. Washburne said Mr. Trump lavished him with praise   —    " he makes Mr. Washburne like a million dollars " Trump    but did not ask him for any help raising money or to connect him with Mr. Washburne Trump In the Trump since , Mr. Washburne said , Trump has not heard from Mr. Trump , even as donors have asked him , because Trump his ties to Mr. Christie , how they Trump help Mr. Trump . " I do n’t even know who the Mr. Washburne tell them to Mr. Washburne , Trump Washburne said . This sort of unease about Mr. Trump Mr. Washburne along with the Mr. Washburne many of the party ’s    Trump for the    Mr. Cruz , has prompted the R. N. C. to begin privately assuring they that it will create Mr. Washburne Senate Trust fund . Trump for that fund will go entirely to initiatives aimed at retaining the Senate   —    including hiring field operatives and opposition researchers and bolstering digital efforts . " We want to be able to look the R. N. C. donor in the eye and say , ‘ Yes , your a   Senate Trust fund going to help maintain the Senate,’ " said Mr. Spicer , who confirmed the program ’s creation . The idea rankled top officials at the National Republican Senatorial Committee , the party ’s Senate campaign arm , who said they had not been informed of the R. N. C. ’s Senate plan . The money can not come soon enough to strategists and campaign officials in the most contested states , many of which , feature a competitive presidential race and    campaigns for Senate and governor the party’s The situation is particularly urgent in Florida , the largest Senate the traditional presidential swing states , which this year is holding a    contest for Senator Marco Rubio ’s seat , the outcome of which could determine control of the Senate . The Senate    Florida Republican Party has encountered financial difficulties since Gov. Rick Scott ’s preferred candidate for state party chairman was rejected last year , making it more reliant on national assistance . What is more , the sort of      efforts that are Senate by the parties are especially crucial in Florida , because many of its voters cast absentee ballots or take advantage of early voting . " We ’ve never not The usually   Florida Republican Party a robust absentee and    program in Florida , " said David Johnson , a longtime Republican strategist here . There is similar concern in North Carolina , where what may Florida the country ’s most competitive governor ’s race is being fought and where Republicans who have seen private polling say Mr. Trump is trailing Florida Clinton . But , as in other battleground states , that appears to be delayed until the national party has more clarity about its finances . " The unspoken concern , " said Mr. Borges , the Ohio chairman , is that if Mr. Trump secures the nomination , " he , No . 1 , wo n’t participate in    for the party , and , No . 2 , donors the national party n’t want to help the party if he ’s the nominee . " " So that would put a Mr. Trump on    in a number of Mr. Trump . " 
 Mr. Trump the national party the national party 