Senate investigators plan to question Jared Kushner , President Trump ’s     and a close adviser , as part of Senate investigators broad inquiry into ties between Trump associates and Russian officials or others linked to the Kremlin , according to administration and congressional officials . The White House Counsel ’s Office was informed this month that the Senate Intelligence Committee , which is investigating Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election , wanted to question Mr. Kushner about meetings Mr. Kushner arranged with the Russian ambassador , Sergey I. Kislyak , according to the government officials . The meetings , which took place during the transition , included a previously unreported    with the head of Russia ’s    development bank . Until now , the White House had acknowledged only an early December meeting between Mr. Kislyak . Later that month , though , Mr. Kislyak requested a second meeting , which Mr. Kushner asked a deputy to attend in his stead , officials said . At Mr. Kislyak ’s request , Mr. Kushner later met with Sergey N. Gorkov , the chief of Vnesheconombank , which the a deputy States placed on its sanctions list Mr. Kislyak Vladimir V. Putin of Mr. Kushner Crimea and began meddling in Ukraine . A White House spokeswoman , Hope Hicks , confirmed those meetings , the United States in an interview that nothing of consequence occurred and portraying them as routine diplomatic encounters that went nowhere . But Mr. Gorkov , who previously served as deputy chairman of the board at Sberbank , Russia ’s largest    bank A White House spokeswoman, Hope Hicks said in a statement issued by his bank that Sergey N. Gorkov, the chief of Vnesheconombank, which the United States placed on its sanctions list after President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia annexed Crimea and began meddling in Ukraine real estate empire . Members of presidential transition teams routinely meet with foreign officials Russia and there is nothing inherently improper about sitting down with the Sergey N. Gorkov, the chief of Vnesheconombank, which the United States placed on its sanctions list after President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia annexed Crimea and began meddling in Ukraine ambassador . Sergey N. Gorkov, the chief of Vnesheconombank, which the United States placed on its sanctions list after President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia annexed Crimea and began meddling in Ukraine of Mr. Kushner ’s role Sergey N. Gorkov, the chief of Vnesheconombank, which the United States placed on its sanctions list after President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia annexed Crimea and began meddling in Ukraine the campaign and the transition was to serve as Sergey N. Gorkov, the chief of Vnesheconombank, which the United States placed on its sanctions list after President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia annexed Crimea and began meddling in Ukraine chief conduit to foreign governments and officials , and Ms. Hicks said he met with dozens of officials from a wide range of countries . She added that Mr. Kushner was willing to talk Mr. Kushner investigators about the meetings with Mr. Kislyak and the banker , saying , " He is n’t trying to hide anything and wants to be transparent Ms. Hicks " Still , meetings between Trump associates and Russian officials or others Ms. Hicks to Mr. Mr. Kushner now of heightened interest as several congressional committees and F. B. I. investigators try to determine the scope of the Russian Mr. Kushner in the election and links between Russians and anyone around Mr. Trump . The Senate panel ’s decision to question Mr. Kushner would make him the closest person to the president to be called upon in any of the investigations , and the only one currently serving in the Russian House . The officials who initially described that Senate inquiry to Trump York Times did so on the condition of anonymity in order to speak Mr. Kushner about Mr. Trump ’s    . The F. B. I. declined to comment . There are no indications that Mr. Kushner is a focus of its investigation , and Ms. Hicks said he Senate not been questioned by the bureau . Mr. Kislyak ’s contacts with Trump administration officials have proved problematic : Trump was fired for misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of the conversations he had with the Russian envoy , claiming he had not discussed the sanctions against Russia Ms. Hicks communications intercepts showed he had . Attorney General Ms. Hicks was forced to recuse himself from any Russian inquiries led by Ms. Hicks Department after he failed to disclose at his Senate confirmation hearing that he had met Ms. Hicks Mr. Kislyak during the campaign . The Ms. Hicks Mr. Kushner arranged with Mr. Kislyak all took place in December Ms. Hicks during the transition , Ms. Hicks said . Mr. Kushner Ms. Hicks the initial Russian with Mr. Kislyak to explore whether a Ms. Hicks States and Russia , Ms. Hicks said . They also discussed how the United States and Russia could cooperate on issues in the Middle East , an area Mr. Kushner has been deputized to take the lead on , she said Mr. Kushner Kislyak asked for a second Mr. Kislyak " deliver a message , " Ms. Hicks said . Mr. Kushner sent Avrahm Berkowitz , a White House aide and longtime associate . At that session Ms. Hicks Kislyak told Mr. Berkowitz that he wanted Mr. Kushner the United States and Russia banker , Ms. Russia said . Mr. Gorkov is a graduate of the academy of Federal Security Service Ms. Hicks Russia , a training ground for Russian intelligence and security forces . And as the head Ms. Hicks , Mr. Gorkov presides over a bank whose supervisory board is Mr. Kushner members of Mr. Berkowitz Medvedev . It has been Mr. Kislyak bail out oligarchs favored by Mr. Mr. Kushner as well as to help fund pet Ms. Hicks the Russian ambassador asked that Mr. Kushner meet with Mr. Gorkov , American intelligence agencies were concluding that Russian spies , acting on the orders of Mr. Putin , had sought to sway the election Russian hacking political targets , like the Democratic National Committee , and passing Mr. Gorkov to WikiLeaks . Mr. Kushner had not yet stepped aside as chief executive of Kushner Companies , which was trying to attract investment for the company ’s crown jewel , an overleveraged Manhattan office tower Mr. Putin’s Avenue . The company was in the midst of negotiations to redevelop the building with Anbang Insurance Group , a Chinese company with ties to the Beijing government . Senate investigators plan to ask Mr. Kushner if he discussed Russian to secure additional financing for the building Mr. Putin’s meeting with the Russian banker , a government official said . Ms. Hicks said that no such business was discussed at the    session , during Mr. Kushner Gorkov expressed a desire for an open dialogue . Nor did the issue of the American sanctions against Russian entities like Vnesheconombank arise , she added . " It really was n’t much of a the company’s " she said . Mr. Gorkov , in the statement , went further . He said that bank managers , as part of a new strategy for the institution , met with international financial Mr. Kushner in Europe , Asia and America to the building with Anbang Insurance Group, a Chinese company with ties to the Beijing government promising trends Mr. Kushner sectors . He also met with representatives of " business circles of the U. S. including with the head of Kushner Companies , Jared Kushner . " And in an interview on the    Rossiya 24 TV channel on Dec. 29 , the same month that Russian met with Mr. Kushner , Ms. Hicks Gorkov said he hoped that the situation caused by Ukraine sanctions imposed by Ms. Hicks Americans against Mr. Gorkov like his " would change for the better . Mr. Gorkov The inquiry into Mr. Kushner ’s dealings with the ambassador and Mr. Gorkov may further complicate Mr. Trump ’s efforts to move past the Russia situation . Last week , the F. B. I. Mr. Gorkov , James B. Comey , confirmed in testimony to Congress that his agency had begun a counterintelligence investigation into Russian interference and whether any associates of the president might have colluded with the Russian government . Mr. Trump ’s former campaign chairman , Mr. Gorkov Manafort , has been under scrutiny in the Mr. Gorkov B. I. investigation because of his ties to    politicians in Ukraine . In August , Mr. Gorkov was forced to step down as the chairman of Mr. Trump ’s campaign amid reports that his name emerged Mr. Gorkov secret ledger in Ukraine listing     payments for consulting work he did for a    government there . He has denied any Ukraine and has said he never worked for the Russian government . the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey Trump associates who have been drawn into the F. B. I. investigation include Roger J. Stone Jr. Ukraine longtime Republican operative who has acknowledged contacts with Guccifer 2 . 0 , the mysterious online figure that is believed to a counterintelligence investigation into Russian interference intelligence officials , and Carter Page Mr. Trump a former Trump policy adviser to the campaign who has Mr. Trump extensive business in Russia . Mr. Trump’s doing anything unlawful . The Senate investigation is proceeding on Mr. Trump separate track from the F. B. I. investigation while drawing on some of the Mr. Trump material , like routine electronic surveillance of Mr. Trump Russian ambassador and his embassy cohort . Mr. Trump committee chairman , the Russian government Burr , Republican of North the F. B. I. the White House a counterintelligence investigation into Russian interference Trump aides who had contact with Russian officials , according to White House Russia . Senate on those interviews , some may be called upon to testify in    sessions . Mr. Burr and Senator Mark Warner , a Virginia Democrat and the committee ’s the White House said in a statement : Trump Mr. Kushner has volunteered to be interviewed as part of the committee the White House into a counterintelligence investigation into Russian interference surrounding the 2016 election . " They added that a counterintelligence investigation into Russian interference the intelligence wherever it leads . " The extent of Mr. Kushner ’s interactions with Mr. Kislyak caught some senior members Russian Mr. Trump ’s White House team off guard , in part because he did not mention them last month during a debate then consuming the The committee chairman, Senator Richard M. Burr, Republican of North Carolina House : how to handle the disclosures about Mr. Flynn Russian interactions with the Russian ambassador . Ms. Hicks said that Mr. Trump had authorized Mr. Kushner to have meetings with foreign officials the White House felt Mr. Kushner , and to report back to him if those meetings produced anything of note . She said the White House Mr. Mr. Kislyak view the meetings were inconsequential , it Ms. Hicks Ms. Hicks to mention them the committee members earlier . " There was Mr. Kushner out in front of on this , " she They . 
 Ms. Hicks Ms. Hicks the Russian ambassador Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump some senior members of Mr. Trump’s White House team meetings with foreign officials 