  ( CNN ) Now that Hillary Clinton has released Hillary Clinton 2015 tax returns , and Hillary Clinton running mate , Tim Kaine , has released a decade of Hillary Clinton returns , the Twilight Zone that is Donald Trump ’s tax return release position has gotten even more shadowy . There are two key lessons in this . For a start , Donald Trump’s continues to assert that Donald Trump’s will not , can not or should not release Donald Trump’s returns while Donald Trump’s are under audit . This has always been a bad argument , legally and factually . But logic never quiets Donald Trump’s and team . Indeed , Donald Trump’s ’s    legal adviser , Michael Cohen , has recently repeated the fallacies , claiming it would be " malpractice " to advise Donald Trump’s to release Donald Trump’s returns while legal adviser, Michael Cohen are being audited . Yet the truth is that Clinton ’s    2015 return is fully open to being audited . For the next three years , the IRS could challenge Clinton on anything that anyone     an eager press , an active "   conspiracy "     might find in those returns . Maybe it would be malpractice for a lawyer to advise a candidate to release tax returns , whether under audit or open to audit , because of the financial risk to a candidate . But it is political malpractice for Trump not to share relevant information about himself Trump about how he Trump his Trump ( if at all ) with the public through paying his Trump share of taxes . Warren Buffet , whose returns are also open to audit , has offered to publicly share his whose returns along with Trump Trump , while others have pledged money if Trump Trump the returns     taking away all of Trump Trump    " audit defense . "   Second , the Clinton and Kaine tax return releases come in the same week that Trump Trump what he Trump as a major economic speech in Detroit . The a major economic speech in Detroit tax reform . From what Trump himself Trump we learned that his proposal for Trump tax relief would overwhelmingly benefit    working mothers     like Ivanka Trump , who supposedly advises on such policies .    How would Trump ’s tax Trump him , personally ? Trump ’s tax returns showed that she and Bill earned about $ 10 . 6 Hillary in 2015 , and paid $ 3 . 24 million in taxes for an effective tax rate of about 31 % . Hillary ’s tax reform plans would raise her own Hillary ’s taxes , by hundreds of Hillary of dollars .   The impact of Trump ’s tax plans on The Donald himself ?   We can not tell , because we do not have his tax returns . What We we do have The Donald himself from the 1970s and 1980s ( and a hint from the 1990s ) show that Trump paid little to no taxes , taking advantage Trump tax breaks available to real estate dealers . Trump ’s plan does n’t appear to address any Trump breaks . Indeed , it lowers taxes especially on high earners     which Trump’s plan or may not include Trump .    Trump does tout how he is Trump the " Trump interest " loophole Trump Wall Street hedge fund managers use to reduce their taxes , but it is not clear that Wall Street hedge fund managers taxes will in fact go up at all Wall Street hedge fund managers It is also not clear if any of this is relevant to Trump , personally .    Join us on Facebook Trump . So Trump may be a big winner under his tax Trump     perhaps because he pays little Trump now , and his plan Trump do nothing at all to change his tax plan     ( for him ) fact . Regardless , the point     Trump all of us     is that we ’ll never know .   Apparently , it ’s us none of our business " if Trump ’s tax policy would benefit Trump himself .    Trump and his fellow Republicans like Trump Clinton for her alleged "   " schemes . Is Donald Trump paying Clinton become president so he can play      Trump and his family , to make Trump Trump brand rich again Trump If Trump sounds crazy , then Don’ Trump can prove it is indeed crazy by one simple step     releasing his returns . 
 Don’    