  ( CNN ) What happens when " it ’s just talk " becomes actions ? That ’s the question now facing the campaign of Donald Trump , Donald Trump supporters and the Republican Party as a growing number of women have come forward with accusations of sexual misconduct by Mr. Trump .    Emboldened by Mr. Trump denial during the second presidential debate of ever engaging in the behavior he bragged about in the now infamous " Access Hollywood " hot mic video , numerous women have gone public with their numerous women of how Trump Mr. Trump in fact do more than just " talk " about groping women against their women .   Trump Mr. Trump litany of offenses against women is n’t new     it has dogged his Mr. Trump since his Mr. Trump with Fox News’ Megyn Kelly after she Megyn Kelly the audacity to ask him Mr. Trump explain his Mr. Trump disparaging words toward women during the first primary debate last year .   For over a year , Trump ’s most loyal apologists have been out in full force , rationalizing his Trump comments as just " entertainment " or more recently as simple " locker room banter , " as if those are somehow acceptable excuses for blatant misogyny or perhaps outright sexual assault . They those n’t .   Unsurprisingly , Trump Trump not contrite . Instead he Trump on a tear , threatening his Trump , the media and anyone else who would dare challenge his Trump of women over the years , despite the growing chorus of claims that Trump Trump a predilection for sexually predatory and demeaning behavior toward women . Trump Trump pathetic attempt at playing the victim strains credulity .   Besides the groping , newly uncovered videos show Trump Trump about waltzing in on    contestants to " inspect " the beauty pageant , which included some contestants allegedly as young as 15 , because , as the owner , he the owner could . Some former contestants have confirmed Trump Trump do this , and have expressed how uncomfortable it this them Some former contestants That ’s not to mention the various interviews where he the owner objectifies his the owner daughter . ( Apparently he the owner n’t have a problem doing the same to a young girl in a newly released video from CBS or a     Paris Hilton )   I do n’t know too many fathers who joke about dating their daughters , or rave about how voluptuous their their are or allow another man to call their their some " piece of ass . "   When the " Access Hollywood " tape went public , you could hear the collective gasps across the country , especially from GOP elected officials who rightfully feared they would be saddled with Trump ’s latest transgressions as they they   . Many said they they had it and withdrew their they for the Republican nominee . Alarmingly for the GOP not nearly enough of them did they   House Speaker Paul Ryan faced a backlash when he told House Speaker Paul Ryan this week that he would House Speaker Paul Ryan longer defend Trump and gave them a members pass to distance themselves from members nominee the Republican nominee be to protect their seats . members Trump ’s antics Trump put the GOP House majority in jeopardy . Recent polling shows Democrats up from 3 points to 10 points over Republicans on generic congressional ballots .   Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus , on the other hand , reiterated the party ’s full backing of Trump ’s candidacy despite Trump treatment of women Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus among other GOP policy apostasies ) . Principles and morality be damned .   This is a huge mistake for the GOP and here ’s why :   Even though Mitt Romney won    white women by 6 % in 2012 , the GOP has had its the GOP the GOP women overall the GOP The impact of the women ’s vote is significant . Women make up 51 % of the population and consistently vote at higher rates than men . Despite efforts to reach out to women on policy issues that appeal to them , like the economy , women care and national security , the GOP still nominated a sexist the GOP to irreparably harm the GOP brand with women voters . Trump the GOP unfavorability among women is at historic levels and continues to crater . He ’s even losing    women by Trump’s margins to Hillary Clinton .   The fallout from Trump ’s candidacy has implications far greater Trump losing elections     it challenges the moral fiber of the party elections     It challenges the GOP ’s identity moving forward elections     Our children are watching . How do we explain to little girls the support for Our presidential candidate who disparages women without remorse ?   Words matter . Vice presidential candidate Mike Pence was recently asked a similar question during a local news interview in Ohio . The reporter explained how a group of Girl Vice presidential candidate Mike Pence visited the TV station and an     said Trump ’s comments about women made her feel bad about herself when she looked in Girl Scouts mirror . Pence Girl Scouts response Girl Scouts astonishing . Instead of showing Vice presidential candidate Mike Pence and encouragement for that little girl , he pivoted to a canned Girl Scouts Clinton Vice presidential candidate Mike Pence " feckless foreign policy . "   Wrong answer .    This is why Republicans will continue to lose national elections . Anything short of an unqualified rebuke of Trump ’s sexism is a tacit acceptance that abhorrent , victim shaming and potentially criminal behavior toward women is no longer disqualifying .    During an impassioned campaign stop this week , first lady Michelle Obama said , " the belief you can do anything you want to a woman is cruel , it ’s frightening and it ’s hurts . " This is not normal or politics it usual . It does n’t matter what party you belong to , Democrat This Republican . No woman deserves to be treated that way . "   She is 100 % correct . Common decency knows no partisanship No woman The GOP ’s embrace of Trump is normalizing behavior we once rightfully condemned . The result could be as devastating for the GOP with women as the Southern Strategy was with   The GOP’s There ’s still an opportunity for my fellow Republican brethren to stand up , reject Trump ’s ilk and live to fight another day . But those Trump to remain loyal to Trump do so at their own peril . 
 Trump those who chose to remain loyal to Trump 