’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump on Saturday addressed the raucous protests that led ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump to   in Chicago the day before.’ ’"Let’ ’s address yesterday , should we ? So look , we had a tremendous rally in Chicago planned . we were going to have over 25 , 000 people , " ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump told ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump supporters at the Saturday rally in Dayton , Ohio.’ ’However , according to ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , " bad " groups had ruined the event.’ "   cameras captured images of fights breaking out between ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump supporters and critics , some of whom were protesting his ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump statements about Muslims and Mexico . Others indicated that they Others affiliated with the Black Lives Matter movement . " ’On Saturday , Trump ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump to the protests as a " planned attack " and a " disgrace . " He ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ’’ ’Trump said he ’Trump to cancel the Chicago rally because otherwise people’ ’s safety would have been jeopardized , creating " a problem like you wouldn’’t have believed . " ’ ’"I hated to do this , because it ’ ’"I would have been easier to go , but I didn’’t want to see anybody get hurt , " he ’Trump . " You would have had a problem like they haven’’t seen in a long time . Because we have people that are so amazing . " ’ ’The    mogul also pointed out that some of the people at the Chicago rally were chanting in favor of Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders . In contrast , Trump stressed that his Trump supporters were " nice " people.’ ’"They caused no problem . They these other people taunted , " Trump Trump of his Trump . " They these other people harassed by these other people . These other people   —    by the way , some represented Bernie , our communist friend . " ’ " Trump Trump dismissed his Trump primary rivals who have pointed out that such violent protests do n’t happen at any other candidate ’s events . Trump Trump that was because nobody shows up to support his Trump . " ’"Nobody cares , " he Trump ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald . .. ’ 
 