  ( CNN ) The Senate Intelligence Committee is hiring two new staffers for The Senate Intelligence Committee investigation into Russian interference in the US election , the top Democrat on the Senate Russia investigation told CNN on Monday . The additional staffers     including one Republican and one Democrat , versed in the National Security Agency collection tactics     come as some sources on the committee have grumbled behind the scenes about the pace of the Senate Russia investigation . Sen. Mark Warner , a Virginia Democrat , said investigators obtained a large batch of documents they investigators just before Congress went on break and have completed 27 interviews as part of their Sen. Mark Warner, a Virginia Democrat . " I think things need to pick up . .. now that we ’ve gotten . .. through the first cut of all the information , " Warner told CNN in an interview . " Our we , which is going to continue to be methodical , though , because when you bring in some of the names that have been bandied about in the press , you do n’t know how many bites at the apple you ’re going to get . You want to make sure you ask the right questions . " A Senate intelligence committee source said Monday that Warner Warner frustrated with the pace of the investigation     even as it Warner been viewed publicly as the more collegial investigation , when compared to the House Russia investigation . The the House Russia investigation moved slowly , and without the drama of the House version , but Warner Warner he Warner things to pick up . " All those questions are now going to be coming to a head , because we Warner now gotten through the first round of document review , " Warner Warner . Senate Senate , the source said we’ve now gotten through the first round of document review a long way from bringing in    targets like former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort , former Trump national security adviser Trump Flynn , former Trump campaign adviser Roger Trump and former Trump campaign adviser on Trump security Carter Page . Other Democrats on the committee have been urging lawmakers to move more aggressively . " I ’ve made clear to leadership I have concerns about the pace , " Sen. Ron Wyden , Wyden " I believe you have to speed it up right now . Americans are getting most info from leaks and false tweets . " Wyden said that he would like to see investigators begin using subpoenas and hosting more public Wyden to extract information . Wyden also declined to say whether he ’s confident in Senate intelligence committee Wyden Richard Burr ’s leadership atop Wyden panel . He said he ’s counting on Warner to help pick up the pace Wyden " Wyden do n’t think it ’s going as quickly , " said California Sen. Dianne Feinstein , who declined to elaborate . " I am concerned it ’s not moving along fast enough , " said New Mexico Sen. it Heinrich . " I think it is making progress . But I think there needs to be more it , more staffing . " The frustrations appear far from boiling over into the dysfunction that almost derailed the House Intelligence Committee ’s investigation a month ago . " I wish there were a way that it could go even more quickly but I think it ’s important that we be thorough , " said Sen. Susan Collins it a Maine Republican on the Senate intelligence committee . " And I was very happy we had the House Intelligence Committee hear from Russia experts , which put in context the we of Russia over the ages . The two leaders of the committee work extremely well together and Russia get a briefing all the time from them the House Intelligence Committee on where we are . " we    Sources : Russia tried to use The two leaders of the committee advisers to infiltrate campaign we Sen. Angus King , a Senate intelligence Russia and Maine Independent who caucuses with the Democrats , downplayed any partisan tensions . " I do n’t know of any partisan delays or any of that , " King said . " The staff is working very diligently at it . " And Oklahoma Republican Sen. James Lankford tweeted , " Do n’t confuse silence for The staff of progress . " Senate investigators have gained access to the intelligence typically reserved for the small " Gang of Eight Senate     an exclusive group of House and Senate leaders with    intelligence clearance , which include leadership as well as the chairmen and ranking Senate of each chamber ’s intelligence committee . And staff have been talking with the analysts . In the Capitol , the House Russia investigation has drawn the most attention by far     beginning with FBI Director James Comey House stunning revelation last month that the FBI has been investigating Trump aides since last July , through to House intelligence Chairman Devin FBI FBI from the investigation as he became the subject of a House ethics investigation stemming from his secret trip the House Russia investigation White House in March . The consternation House as lawmakers return from their    he , which saw much of the heated debate about the investigations die down , capped by lawmakers recusal just hours before House lawmakers left town . The gears have been turning slowly behind the scenes in the Capitol House but mounting anger in public outside Washington has been clear in town hall confrontations and polling . An    Street Journal poll released Monday found that 73 % of respondents want an independent commission instead of Congress to investigate Russia ’s interference . Only 16 % of respondents said they preferred Congress . The Senate Intelligence Committee has hosted a pair of public hearings in its investigation so Only 16% of respondents . Congress House invited former acting Attorney General Sally Yates , former Director of National The Senate Intelligence Committee James Clapper and former CIA Director John Brennan for its second public hearing May 2 , following weeks of partisan wrangling over the hearing in private . 
 The House 