  ( CNN ) Drug kingpin Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman , a legend in Mexico through his dramatic prison escapes and years of staying just ahead of the law , arrived late Thursday in New York after his extradition to the United States . his will appear Friday in a federal courtroom in Brooklyn , where his will stand trial at a later date . Stringent security measures were being put in place around the Manhattan jail where his is to be held , a law enforcement source said . The Brooklyn Bridge will be closed while the drug lord is being transported to court . his extradition to the United States may have been timed . Mexican authorities wanted to turn over Guzman , head of the Sinaloa cartel , before Friday Trump’s a US official told CNN . Trump angered Mexico during his campaign by demanding it pay for Trump border wall . Trump Mexican deputy attorney general , however , said Trump ’s pending inauguration " had nothing Trump do with it . " " It was resolved today , and in it of the international treaty , we had to immediately hand over the person requested by the United States , " Alberto Elias Beltran said . " Not doing so would generate a nonfulfillment to the international norms , specifically with the treaty shared between Mexico and the United States . " Guzman , the United States last year to Ciudad Juarez , was picked up by a team from the Drug Enforcement Administration , Immigration and Customs Enforcement and US marshals .   Six separate indictments across the United States lay out    cases against Guzman the United States alleging they have brought in billions in drugs to the United States Six separate indictments across the United States laundered profits back to Mexico . The the United States end , at least for now , to Guzman ’s exploits in Mexico , which included a 2015 prison escape through Guzman tunnel that featured a motorcycle on tracks . Guzman will not face death penalty in the US , A court in Mexico Guzman on Thursday denied the drug lord ’s appeal of the extradition . The US Justice Department thanked officials in Mexico " for their extensive cooperation and assistance in securing the extradition of Guzman Mexico .. to officials in Mexico United States . " Guzman and other cartel leaders Guzman indicted in 2009 in US District Court in Guzman on charges of conspiring to import more than 264 , 000 pounds of cocaine into the United States between 1990 and 2005 . The alleged traffickers are accused of the United States routes and obtaining their drugs from Colombian drug organizations . ’El Chapo’ fast facts , Guzman also faces charges The alleged traffickers California , Texas , Illinois , Florida and New Hampshire . Mexico ’s foreign ministry has said it had received assurances that if convicted Guzman would not receive the death penalty . Mexico Mexico’s foreign ministry death sentences . Federal indictments described Guzman Sinaloa cartel as an enterprise that uses Mexico , kidnappings and bribes . The indictments refer to Guzman by various nicknames , including " El Rapido , " " Federal indictments " " Guzman Viejo " and " El Chapo " ( which means " Shorty . " Guzman is 5 feet 6 inches tall . )   Over the years , Guzman gained Guzman status in his home country . He has been the subject of ballads Guzman " narcocorridos , " Guzman subgenre dedicated to Guzman and their   . Tunnels and a laundry cart getaway , For years , the notorious cartel leader cartels slippery , staying just ahead of the law . He is known for using intricate tunnel systems for both evading authorities and moving the massive quantities the notorious cartel leader drugs that made the Sinaloa cartel so powerful . Guzman ’s recapture in January 2016 , after six months on the lam , represented a major success in what has been an embarrassing ordeal for Mexico . For many , " El Chapo " is a symbol of the Mexican government ’s corruption . In 2001 , he escaped from a prison in Jalisco in a laundry cart . Guzman was apprehended in February 2014 and escaped from Altiplano prison in July 2015 by crawling through Guzman’s opening in the shower area of his cell block leading to a    tunnel . In August , Guzman ’s son was kidnapped he a Puerto Vallarta restaurant in what was perceived as an attempt Guzman’s exploit the cartel ’s vulnerability . He was later freed . ’El Chapo’ said drug trade would continue , The trafficking of heroin Guzman’s son marijuana , cocaine and methamphetamine into the United States from Mexico is an annual $ 19 billion to $ 20 billion industry , according to a Department of Homeland Security report . And the Sinaloa cartel has traditionally held a dominant share of that market , thanks to Guzman ’s the cartel’s and Sinaloa ’s control of trafficking routes . A US Customs and Border Protection report that analyzed seizure data along Sinaloa border between 2009 and 2010 found that " the removal of key personnel does not have a discernable impact on drug flows " into the United States . Guzman seems aware that drug trafficking wo n’t end once he ’s gone . " The day I do Guzman exist , it ’s not going to decrease in Guzman way at all , " he told actor Sean Penn in an interview in October 2015 . 
 Guzman 