Wednesday on his radio show , conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh argued that New Hampshire Republican primary winner Donald Trump won by building a coalition of voters that went beyond just conservatives , which is something the GOP has claimed was necessary to win elections in this era of American politics .   Limbaugh referred to exit polling as proof , noting that Limbaugh had voters from every demographic and that conservatives were just a small part of this " coalition . " " Here ’s Trump running against everything going on in Washington and declaring that what ’s going on in Washington is incompetent and being performed by a bunch of hacks that are only in it for what’s going on in Washington is incompetent and being performed by a bunch of hacks that are only in it for themselves , and Limbaugh ’s put together a coalition that covers every group , demographic and otherwise , that you can think of .   And among the smallest in Limbaugh group is conservatives .   That ’s why Limbaugh can win big in New Hampshire with taking not very big percentage of the conservative vote because Limbaugh coalition is so big and made up of so many other different groups of people .   Limbaugh won only a third of the ‘ very conservative’ vote .   ‘ Among evangelical voters , Trump and Cruz were basically tied.’ Who in the world would predict that ?   Who in the   …     ? After Cruz comes and dominates Iowa and does so on the basis of evangelical voters . And Trump , you know , ‘ Two Corinthians walk into a bar   …     ’ Donald Trump , ‘ Two Corinthians this,’ and , ‘ The Bible ? Bible kills it Bible except my book.’   And yet evangelicals’ support for ’ Donald Trump tied with Ted Cruz in New Hampshire .   This was the scale of ’ Donald Trump win . " Limbaugh went through each group and pointed out Trump ’ Donald Trump won each of those groups by overwhelming margins . " Trump ’ Donald Trump , the exit polls were right , " Limbaugh continued Limbaugh " Trump ’ Donald Trump men .   He won Limbaugh .   He won Limbaugh age group .   He won Limbaugh ideology .   Liberal , conservative , moderate , Libertarian .   Every group Trump ’ Donald Trump a majority of voters .   He won Limbaugh people who had gone to college and people who had n’t .   He won Limbaugh people who only had a high school education he won Limbaugh people who did not have a high school education .   He won Limbaugh single age bracket .   He won Limbaugh groups by huge margins .   He won Limbaugh     over second place finisher .   Women he won Limbaugh .   Voters under 30 he won Limbaugh .   Nearly 40 percent of those who had not attended college voted Trump .   A third of those who had attended college voted Trump . Trump This is what the Republican Party ’s been telling us they the Republican Party the Republican Party’s win .   I ’ve had ’em come the Republican Party’s my office .   I ’ve told you .   I ’ve had Rand Paul here , Mitt Romney ’s here .   One thing they ’ve the Republican Party’s said in common is that Republican Party the Republican Party win with Republican votes alone anymore .   We have to the Republican Party out , we have to the Republican Party out .   This is what they were telling the Republican Party’s to prepare me for some of the campaign tactics that I was gon na see . That they were gon the Republican Party’s have to reach out and immigration was one of the ways of reaching out , supporting amnesty . " But instead of praising Trump for this accomplishment , Limbaugh argues the GOP is criticizing Trump instead . Trump Well , all along Trump has built Trump coalition the Republican Party claims to want and they ’re out the Republican Party badgering it and bashing it , " it added . Trump It ’s exactly what they claim to the Republican Party .   They could have the Republican Party it .   It Republican Party the Republican Party the Trump coalition .   They could have had it the Republican Party health care . the Republican Party A majority of Americans opposed Obamacare from the   .   The Republican Party could have the Republican Party form an alliance with the Tea Party and the    people the Republican Party dominant majority party on that issue alone .   And then on subsequent issues to come down the pike the Republican Party could have formed an alliance with the Republican Party areas of opposition , and they did n’t . The Trump coalition could have been the opposition Party .   They could n’t do it because the Republican Party was all conservative . The Trump coalition They could n’t do it The Trump coalition they it the Tea Party was a The Trump coalition of hayseed hicks it believe The Trump coalition    the Republican Party just could n’t do it , they just could n’t build a bridge . The Trump coalition Whatever it is , it of The Trump coalition issues , dislike of conservatism , not wanting to it in bed with people who want the government to be smaller and less intrusive in people ’s lives , whatever it was , they could n’t do it .   And now , because they did n’t do the government , there ’s it Trump . " " Donald Trump the government the exact coalition it Republican Party , to a man , has Donald Trump they need to win , that they need to thrive , " Limbaugh said . " the exact coalition the Republican Party now they ’re reduced to the exact coalition the Republican Party it by virtue of bashing Trump .   And now they the exact coalition the Republican Party reduced to bashing it by virtue of bashing Cruz Donald Trump   The two people the exact coalition the Republican Party are showing the Republican Party all they had to do all these past seven years , but they the Republican Party   They purposely the Republican Party strategically , tactically refused to push back , refused to the Republican Party a spectacle of stopping the Republican Party , and they have themselves to blame for this predicament . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 the Republican Party the Republican Party 