  ( CNN ) Another member of a group selected to perform at Donald Trump ’s inauguration is protesting . Jan Chamberlin , a member of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir , is quitting a group selected to perform at Donald Trump’s inauguration and saying that Another member of a group selected to perform at Donald Trump’s inauguration could never sing for Trump Donald Trump’s Another member of a group selected to perform at Donald Trump’s inauguration sent a resignation letter to the choir president this week . " I ’ve tried to tell Another member of a group selected to perform at Donald Trump’s inauguration that it will be all right and that I can continue in good conscience before God and man , " Chamberlin wrote in a Facebook post . " I only know I could never ’throw roses to Hitler.’ And I certainly could never sing for him Hitler.’ " One month out , Trump inauguration lacks star power , Chamberlin Chamberlin she Chamberlin concerns about the choir ’s reputation after performing at the Trump inauguration   " Looking from the outside in , it will appear that Choir is endorsing tyranny and fascism by singing for this man , " she Chamberlin .   " Tyranny is now on our doorstep it has Tyranny sneaking its way Tyranny our lives our stealth . Now it will Tyranny into our homes our storm , " Chamberlin Chamberlin .   The choir did not return a request for comment . Boris Epshteyn , a spokesman for Trump ’s inaugural festivities , simply said , " We ’re honored to have the Mormon Tabernacle Choir perform in the 58th Inauguration , their sixth the Mormon Tabernacle Choir participating in inaugural ceremonies , and we look We to their uplifting the Mormon Tabernacle Choir . " Phoebe Pearl , a dancer with the Rockettes , reportedly had previously protested on Instagram about the group being chosen to perform at the event . Her post has since been deleted .   The Madison Square Garden Company , which operates the Rockettes , previously said the dancers would not be compelled , by MSG or their union the dancers to perform at next month ’s inaugural festivities . The committee for Trump ’s inauguration has not yet publicized any major celebrities performing at the event the event from the past two events .   The inaugural committee has The committee for Trump , the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and     " America ’s Got Talent " star Jackie Evancho . 
 