’   ’ ’    Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau received an unusually warm    reception of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau keynote address at an energy industry conference    in Texas on Thursday evening . ’ ’    " No country would find 173 billion barrels of oil in the ground    and just leave 173 billion barrels of oil in the ground    there , " Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said in Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau address to oil    and gas industry executives at Houston’ ’s   conference , discussing    Alberta’ ’s vast oil sands reserves . ’ "    Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau ’s speech was met with a standing ovation from the more    than 1 , 200 attendees   —    an unordinary reaction to a keynote    speaker ,    . Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was also given an award for    his efforts Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau balance environmental protection and energy    production . " ’    " The resource will be developed . Our job is to ensure that this    is done responsibly , safely , and sustainably , " Trudeau said .    "    is more essential to the US economy than access to a    secure    reliable source of energy . Canada is that source . " ’ ’    Trudeau has Trudeau under fire from Canada’ ’s oil industry after he    Trudeau while discussing the topic in January . He told Trudeau    audience in Ontario that the oil sands should be phased out ,    later telling   that he " Trudeau . " ’ "    Trudeau ’s speech also touted his support Trudeau’s the Keystone XL    pipeline , one of the few areas where he and Trudeau’s President Donald    Trump share common ground . " "    He further Trudeau’s juggling the priorities of combatting    climate change and bolstering Canada ’s oil and gas industry . " ’   ’ "    Under Trudeau , Canada ’s Canada has approved new    pipelines while working with provinces to . " ’    The prime minister has long maintained that developing      resources can go " hand in hand " with fighting climate    change . ’ ’    " It’ ’s a tremendous business opportunity to lead on climate    change , " Trudeau . He said that Trudeau of the    fundamental responsibilities of his office was Trudeau get " resources    to market " in " sustainable ways " while also working to strengthen    Canada’ ’s middle class . ’ ’    " You can not make a choice anymore on what’ ’s good for the    environment and what’ ’s good what’ the economy , " Trudeau told The    Guardian . ’ "    Trudeau on Thursday Trudeau took a parting shot at the Trump    administration ’s   which would n’t allow business    to deduct the cost of imported goods . " ’    " Anything that creates impediments at the border , extra tariffs ,    or new taxes is something we are concerned with , " Trudeau said . Trudeau " You    applaud against the border adjustment tax . " ’ ’ ’ ’Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau received . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 