Broward County , Florida ’s Supervisor of Elections Office ( SOE ) has recently come under fire for multiple allegations of voter fraud , including the improper handling of absentee ballots and an accusation that SOE employees were secretly filling out piles of blank ballots in a back room . [ The voter fraud allegations in Broward County , Fla. continued today , as this morning a sworn affidavit was released stating dozens of    or mentally incapacitated voters have had dozens of   or mentally incapacitated voters ballots effectively filled out by individuals claiming to assist their ballots . Florida Republican operative Lauren Cooley first broke the story on Twitter earlier today .   Florida Republican operative Lauren Cooley is a poll watcher , certified by the Broward County Supervisor of Elections , and states that these incidents have been ongoing at the North West Regional Library polling location in Coral Springs , Fla. since early voting began on Oct. 24 . Per voting laws , assisting a voter who is mentally or physically incapable of filling out their own ballot is limited to reading off the ballot language and receiving a form of confirmation from the voter before taking action to fill in the ballot . Furthermore , this interaction must be witnessed by two poll workers . These measures were never enforced as dozens of mentally ill voters had their dozens of mentally ill voters filled out on their dozens of mentally ill voters without interaction between the assistor and the the voter without oversight from poll workers , according to the affiant . Cooley spoke at length with the NW Regional Library ’s registered poll watcher and the voting location clerk , who this reporter identified as Claire Dunn of Coral Springs . According to Cooley , Cooley is Claire Dunn of Coral Springs with the entire process and will not return to her post Claire Dunn of Coral Springs election cycle . " We call Brenda Snipes’ office and they do Brenda Snipes’ office care . They say Brenda Snipes’ office everybody vote . Let everybody vote . So we do We " Dunn told Claire Dunn of Coral Springs . Cooley They do Brenda Snipes’ office want any attention brought to them , Brenda Snipes’ office legal trouble , " she continued Claire Dunn of Coral Springs One incident detailed in the affidavit describes a man filling out a ballot on behalf of a woman who was not physically capable of filling out her own Claire Dunn of Coral Springs . When the man a man filling out a ballot on behalf of a woman who was not physically capable of filling out her own ballot own ballot a man filling out a ballot on behalf of a woman who was not physically capable of filling out her own ballot he proceeded to a man filling out a ballot on behalf of a woman who was not physically capable of filling out her own ballot out the woman ’s ballot without any interaction or form of consent . She sat alone the woman’s an adjacent booth , showing signs of physical discomfort , with her arms wrapped the woman’s herself and rocking the woman’s per the sworn affidavit . The woman then the woman’s insert her ballot into an the woman’s ballot and was ultimately unable to do so herself . A poll the woman’s inserted the ballot for her . the woman’s ballot the woman’s incident , Dunn called an official SOE office and was simply told " Everyone will vote . " No further action was made to address these accounts of voter fraud , despite the registered poll watchers many attempts to alert the Broward SOE . " These people are infirmed , if you know what I ’m saying , they sit in their wheelchairs and These people straight ahead These people their ‘ assistor’ effectively marks their These people , " the affiant These people this reporter . The poll watcher continued by saying this was an ongoing issue , " [ the voter fraud ] is happening several times a day by multiple groups of people   —    this is n’t a one time thing and it ’s a third degree felony this the state of Florida . " " These people even pulled up in a school bus , brought out a mentally ill person , had him vote and then walked out a mentally ill person making smartass comments about Trump , " he added . Multiple other accounts a mentally ill person voter fraud were documented in the affidavit signed by the Broward County , Fla. poll watcher . In his own words , " [ a mentally ill person voter fraud ] became too much to document and seemed pointless since the poll workers were not allowed to stop the fraud even though it was the voter fraud . " Adding to document " what I witnessed was an abuse of the elderly and infirmed in Broward for the purpose of Elections Fraud relative individuals marking ballots that were not their own . " I reached out to the Broward County , Fla. Supervisor of Elections Office for Fla. and their official statement was , " there Broward County, Fla. Supervisor of Elections no such thing going on . " 
 