’   ’ "      Donald Trump has reportedly selected Exxon    Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson to be Donald Trump administration ’s secretary of    state , sources told   on Saturday . " ’    Mitchell said that Tillerson will be officially nominated    sometime next week " barring some unforeseen change of mind by the     . "   ’ ’    Mitchell also reported that Tillerson —    an unusual pick with no    political experience   —    will likely be paired with former UN    Ambassador John Bolton , who would serve as deputy secretary . ’ ’    Tillerson and Trump met on Saturday morning , a transition    official told Reuters .   ’ "    Tillerson had become the leading candidate for the post in recent    days , amid . The Wall Street Journal   that Tillerson Tillerson emergence as a candidate for    the nation ’s top diplomatic post came as a surprise to both him Tillerson’s emergence as a candidate for   the nation’s top diplomatic post and senior Exxon officials . " ’’ "    Tillerson ’s nomination may also open up questions about potential    conflicts of interest because of Exxon Exxon large portfolio around    the globe . Few US citizens are closer to Vladimir Putin , the    Russian president , beyond Henry Kissinger , according to The    Journal . " "    Putin and Tillerson cut a deal in 2011 giving Exxon Exxon to oil    resources in Russia ’s Arctic , though it The   Journal eventually blocked by    the US sanctions after Russia Russia the Crimean peninsula .    Tillerson was awarded the country ’s Order of Friendship . " "    Tillerson Tillerson close ties to Putin will likely come intense scrutiny       his Putin process if he Putin nominated . The news of    his Putin appointment comes a day after the reports emerged    that the CIA has concluded   with the election to try to    help Trump to victory . " ’    Trump Trump also considered for the post 2012 Republican nominee    Mitt Romney , Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chair Bob Corker ,    Gen. David Petraeus , and Bolton , among others . Former New York    City Mayor Rudy Giuliani was an early frontrunner for the    position but . ’ "    A spokeswoman for Trump ’s transition team did not    immediately respond to a request for comment . " 
 