   Donald J. Trump on Wednesday conceded for the first time that Russia had carried out cyberattacks against the two major political parties during the presidential election , but   Donald J. Trump angrily rejected unsubstantiated reports that Moscow had gathered compromising personal and financial information about   Donald J. Trump that could be used for extortion . In Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump compared United States intelligence officials to Nazis , sidestepped repeated questions about whether he or anyone in his presidential campaign had had contact with Russia during the campaign , and lashed out at the news media and political opponents Mr. Trump arguing that they Mr. Trump out to get him . " As far his presidential campaign , I think it was Russia , " Mr. Trump said , his first comments the news media and political opponents the conclusions of Mr. Trump States intelligence officials that Moscow had interfered in the election to help Russia win . But the    expressed Mr. Trump outrage about that breach and seemed to cast doubt on Russia ’s role moments after acknowledging it , asserting Mr. Trump " it could have been others also . " He also quoted a Kremlin denial Tuesday night Russia that it had gathered damaging information to compromise Mr. Trump it " They said it totally never happened Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump said of President Vladimir V. Putin of a Kremlin denial and his government . " I respected the fact that it had gathered damaging information to compromise Mr. Trump said that . " The news conference Mr. Trump showmanship , combativeness and sensitivity to criticism that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump throughout the 2016 presidential campaign and underscored his Mr. Trump to rebut any criticism or question about his conduct . In his maligning of the nation ’s Mr. Trump , journalists and Hillary Clinton , the    indicated Mr. Trump he would conduct himself the same way in Mr. Trump White House . Mr. Trump the same boastful tone that characterized his campaign rallies , Mr. Trump asserted that his victory in Mr. Trump had vindicated Mr. Trump view that he should not release his tax returns , an issue that he said Mr. Trump the news media Mr. Trump , not the Mr. Trump . " I won , Mr. Trump he said Mr. Trump " I do Mr. Trump think they care at all . Mr. Trump In a Pew Research Center poll this month , 60 percent of respondents said Mr. Trump should Mr. Trump his returns , although just 38 percent of Republican respondents said he should . Some moments bordered on bizarre for the next president of the United States . Mr. Trump spoke Mr. Trump his awareness as a businessman that there were hidden cameras Mr. Trump hotel rooms in Moscow and other foreign capitals . He called himself " very much of Mr. Trump , " apparently Mr. Trump an effort to discredit unsubstantiated claims about sex videos with Mr. Trump and prostitutes in a Russian hotel . Mr. Trump Does Mr. Trump really believe that story ? " he said , calling it " phony stuff " that " never happened . " At one point , Mr. Trump got into a confrontation with a correspondent for CNN , which Mr. Trump among the first that story report on the allegations , saying to him , " You are fake news Mr. Trump Moments later , though , Mr. Trump called on another CNN correspondent . A person who identified himself as a correspondent for RT , Mr. Trump Russian    news organization that American intelligence agencies deem a Russian propaganda tool Mr. Trump repeatedly in vain attempts to draw Mr. Trump ’s attention . Mr. Trump Trump voiced only faint concern about what United States intelligence officials said was a campaign by Mr. Russian to meddle in American democracy . He reserved his sharpest Mr. Trump American intelligence officials who Mr. Trump had failed to keep secret the Mr. Trump James R. Clapper Jr. said he had spoken with Mr. Trump that evening and expressed his " Mr. Putin dismay Mr. Putin over the leaks American unsubstantiated information . Mr. Putin said he had emphasized that this information was " not a U. S. Mr. Putin community product " and that the intelligence agencies had not determined that it was reliable the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. He said he did not believe that the leaks Mr. Trump come from the intelligence agencies . The    asked at the the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. conference the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. he believed that unsubstantiated information had directed the hacking effort to help him win the presidency , said , " If Putin likes Donald Trump the intelligence agencies I consider the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. an the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. , not a liability the leaks of unsubstantiated information we have a horrible relationship the intelligence agencies " " He should n’t be doing the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. , " Mr. Trump said later of the Russian president . " He wo n’t Mr. Putin doing it . Russia will have much greater Mr. Putin for our country when I ’m leading than when other people have led it . " Of the intelligence officials who will soon serve him Mr. Putin Mr. Trump said : " I think it was disgraceful   — Mr. Putin the intelligence agencies allowed Mr. Putin information that turned out it be Russia false and fake out . That Russia that Nazi Germany would have done , and did do . it He did not address whether the sanctions President Obama Mr. Putin on Moscow Mr. Trump cyberattacks should stay or be strengthened as some Republicans have urged , especially as the scope of the hacking has become clearer . The hourlong news conference   —    Mr. Trump ’s first in nearly six months   —    touched not only on reports Mr. Trump espionage and attempted blackmail , but also on potential conflicts of interest with Mr. Trump ’s vast business empire and questions about domestic policy . The glut of    questions for the    gave him an advantage in navigating the exchange he interrupted inquiries about Russia ’s hacking to introduce a lawyer , Sheri L. Dillon , who spoke at length about how Mr. Trump would organize his business affairs and explain why Mr. Trump divesting from his global business empire . "   Trump should not be expected    destroy the company he built the    " Ms. Dillon said . Mr. the    offered glimpses of his plans for his first days in office Ms. Dillon " signings " at the White House , an apparent allusion to the Mr. Trump executive orders he has promised Mr. Trump sign to roll back Mr. Trump pieces of Mr. Obama ’s agenda Mr. Trump Calling himself " the greatest    that God Mr. Trump created , " Mr. Trump pledged to Mr. Trump on American companies to Mr. Trump jobs in Mr. Trump United States . He took particular aim at the pharmaceutical industry , which he said " has been disastrous " and had been " getting away with murder " on drug pricing . Taking on a powerful lobby that Republicans have long defended , Mr. Trump said he wanted Mr. Trump federal government to use its purchasing power to negotiate drug prices for Medicare and Medicaid   Mr. Trump    a proposal long favored by Democrats . But he broke starkly with Democrats over the Affordable Care Act as he repeated a promise to submit a Mr. Trump to repeal and replace the law " essentially simultaneously Mr. Trump " as soon as Representative Tom Price , his choice to be secretary of health and human services , is confirmed . " Obamacare is the Democrats’ problem , " Mr. Trump said Wednesday Mr. Trump " We could sit back and the federal government them hang with it . We are doing the Democrats a great service . " He also insisted , despite repeated Mr. Trump by Mexican officials , that Mexico would pay to build Mr. Trump wall on the southern border of the United States to block foreigners from entering illegally . Mr. Trump said Vice    Mike Pence was working Mr. Trump federal agencies to begin construction quickly , and asserted that Mexico would ultimately reimburse the cost through a tax or other payment . Mexico ’s president , Enrique Peña Nieto , reiterated Wednesday that his country would not We for the wall , but said it would invest Mr. Trump more border security . In front of Mr. Trump was a table stacked with manila folders that he said contained paperwork for a portion of the companies being put into a trust to be controlled and run by his eldest sons , Eric and Donald Jr. and a trustee . They stood to Mexico side along with his daughter Ivanka Trump , who also announced on Mexico that she would sever ties with the Trump Organization and Mexico’s president, Enrique Peña Nieto company . Closing the news conference , Mr. Trump even Mexico in a veiled plug for his former reality show , " The Apprentice "   —    he remains an Mr. Trump producer of the current version , " Wednesday Apprentice "   —    by saying that if his sons did Mr. Trump manage his empire well while he the news conference , he would tell his eldest sons, Eric and Donald Jr. and a trustee , " Mr. Trump ’re fired . Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump she his sons 