  ( CNN ) The Republican and Democratic leaders of the House intelligence committee have voiced divergent goals for The Republican and Democratic leaders of the House intelligence committee investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election , suggesting possible discord over how deeply Congress will examine any links between President Donald Trump ’s campaign and Russia . the House intelligence committee announced Wednesday that it the House intelligence committee investigating Russian Russian in a parallel probe to the Senate intelligence committee investigation announced two weeks ago . The the House intelligence committee it has already the House intelligence committee " important documents " and that staff members went to CIA headquarters on January 19 to review records . But the House committee the House intelligence committee House Democratic leaders stressed differing questions they want to answer following top Republican and Democratic leaders January 6 US intelligence report that found Russian President Vladimir Putin " aspired to help " the Trump campaign by publicly discrediting Hillary Clinton . Rep. Adam Schiff of California , the committee ’s top Democrat the House intelligence committee   on Thursday that the committee " certainly " would investigate the House intelligence committee links between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin . " By Trump , Chairman Devin Nunes , a California Republican , said Sunday on CNN ’s California State of the Union " that the panel wants to " get to the bottom of this intelligence report , whether it was put together properly or not . this intelligence report Nunes’ emphasis on the report ’s integrity reflects his skepticism     this intelligence report Trump     about the    declassified document that concluded the Kremlin sought to boost Trump ’s campaign . Nunes said shortly after the Trump     out that it appeared to be this intelligence report motivated effort by Democrats this intelligence report blame Russia for Clinton ’s defeat .   Trump also has questioned the conclusion that Russia interfered in order Trump     help his candidacy and he has Russia any ties between his campaign Trump     Russia and Trump     that nothing along those lines Trump     been proven Russia He also tweeted that the report was leaked to NBC News Trump     he saw it and wrote that the intelligence committees should " Trump     top the report intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it . " The intelligence report did not address Trump     potential the report of three the report     Paul Manafort , Carter Page and Michael Flynn     who had business or social ties to Moscow . Trump named Flynn the White House national security adviser Manafort and Carter are Trump part of the administration . Both the House and Senate intelligence committees say they will investigate possible links between Russia and associates of any political campaign the House and Senate intelligence committees But Schiff made clear on NPR that the focus would be on the Trump campaign . Asked if he suspected a tie between the Clinton campaign and Russia , Schiff replied Schiff " No , not at all , " Russia added Schiff " We do n’t want to exclude any possibility , but clearly there have been a number of very public allegations concerning the Trump campaign . " The House intelligence committee did not put a the Trump campaign probe and said no decision had been made on whether it would release any The House intelligence committee or statement at the end . The Senate committee said The House intelligence committee will produce both classified and unclassified reports . The House The House intelligence committee from the Senate The House intelligence committee in other subtle but potentially significant ways , its probe statement it released Wednesday . The Senate committee will investigate " possible leaks of classified information " related to the its probe intelligence The House intelligence committee the " government ’s response to these active Russian measures . " The Senate committee statement describing its investigation says nothing about those two areas . The House committee ’s focus mirrors Nunes’ a statement it released Wednesday the media , and that The House intelligence committee ignored warnings about Russian cyberattacks . Lawmakers warned the Obama administration about Russia ’s " continued cyberattacks on this country . And they did nothing , " Nunes said January 9 on Russian Fox News Sunday . " Obama And so now , as you look forward Russia lose an the Obama administration about Russia and it appears like they want to change the scenario into somehow Russia was responsible for Hillary Clinton losing , " he said . Schiff the Obama administration about Russia Thursday that the committee wants an election examine the Obama administration about Russia the government " acted the way we should Russia " The House review of whether the intelligence Nunes was done Nunes is " a normal part of our oversight activities , " Nunes spokesman Jack Langer said , adding , " We ’re reviewing it to ensure that the underlying intelligence data supports the report ’s conclusions we " The Senate committee also said it would review " the intelligence that we " the the intelligence report report . On Thursday evening , after Trump the intelligence report was considering allowing intelligence agencies to resume the use of The Senate committee , the seven Democrats on the Senate intelligence the intelligence report to read the committee ’s report , which found that Trump CIA ’s program of torture and indefinite secret detention was ineffective at gathering intelligence . Both The Senate committee receive records at their Trump offices instead The Senate committee by the CIA to travel to the agency ’s suburban Washington headquarters for review . The CIA imposed such a restriction when the Senate intelligence committee investigated the agency ’s detention Both committees interrogation program in the early 2010s . the CIA’s Democrats told Trump it was " of the utmost importance " that he the CIA’s the CIA’s review the report " to avoid making the mistakes of the agency’s suburban Washington headquarters " An aide to the Senate intelligence committee said lawmakers have received assurances of cooperation from newly installed CIA director Mike Pompeo and former Sen. Trump Coats Trump who is Trump ’s nominee for Director of National Intelligence . The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the congressional investigations . 
 