Convincing victories by political outsiders in New Hampshire demonstrate without doubt most voters are disgusted with both political parties . The electorate will probably make one of most voters —   more likely Donald Trump —   the next Commander in Chief . [ Since 1976 , just one candidate from either party has not won in both   Iowa and New Hampshire ( Bill Clinton in 1992 ) and still won his Bill Clinton nomination . While history clearly is not determinative , it can hardly be ignored .   On the Republican side , Trump won by a compelling margin in the Granite State over Iowa winner Iowa Cruz —   35 to 12 percent —   because he did Trump among both moderates and conservatives and most age categories , except the elderly . Trump ’s Trump appeal among Republicans and independents will be tough for Ted Cruz Ted Cruz —   principally on religious conservatives and , with Rand Paul ’s departure , libertarians —   to counter beyond southern states . Perhaps not even those places —   he is Trump a bad second to Trump in South Carolina . As for the very moderate Governor Kasich —   endorsed in New Hampshire by both the New York Times and Boston Globe —   he devoted Trump resources to that small state . With New Hampshire Senator Rubio still in the mix , he wo Trump have the money to mount a successful southern strategy but could do decently enough in many of the 16 states holding contests on or before March 1 to be a king maker . With five reasonably viable Republican candidates —   Trump , Cruz , Kasich , Bush , and Rubio —   and a few stubborn stragglers all winning some delegates , it will be tough for Trump to gather enough delegates before the national convention to lock up the nomination . The most logical target for one of Trump ’s famous deals is Kasich , Trump he trips , should have a nice bundle of delegates to bargain . Kasich , like Trump , is not an    conservative — Trump at least as measured by those who impose a litmus test , such as National Review . Rather both are malleable personalities interested in workable solutions —   for example , instead of denying poor folks health care for partisan reasons , the governor implemented the Medicaid provisions of the Affordable Care Act expansion in Ohio . By offering Kasich the second spot on the ticket , Trump would show voters he is serious about finding help from seasoned Trump to deliver on trade , immigration , health care , and national security . On that score , if you can name a more solid candidate , then you can have my academic tenure . Meanwhile , Bernie Sanders whipped Hillary Clinton across all demographic categories , including women , except voters over 65 in New Hampshire , but she still has a commanding hold on minority Hillary Clinton who are much more important in Democratic primaries elsewhere going forward . To ultimately prevail , she will have to continue to emphasize positions Hillary Clinton younger women embrace —   such as the proposed Paycheck Fairness Act —   and issues important to    and Hispanics —   police behavior and social issues beyond simple economic justice . That should be enough to ward off Sanders and win the Democratic nomination , but it will push her into an awkward position the Democratic nomination the general Hillary Clinton . Criticizing police tactics to adequately appease Black Lives Matters will alienate many white moderates . The notion that Hillary merits women ’s votes simply because she Hillary Clinton a woman was roundly discredited in Hillary Clinton Hampshire . Young white women , along with white young men , often ca n’t find jobs that make good use of their education or pay very well . And Young white women prescriptions like more taxes , further building out Obamacare , free trade and open immigration will not have the appeal of radical change offered by Trump . If Trump moderates his rhetoric and with the help Trump Kasich Trump his pragmatism on taxes , health care , Trump , and national security , he offers both sexes what they want most Trump   a change in both sexes from the slow growth policies of Presidents Obama and Bush and the promise of a more effective national security policy . Enter President Trump . Peter Morici is an economist and business professor at the University of Maryland , and a national columnist . He tweets @pmorici1 . 
 Peter Morici 