  ( CNN ) President Barack Obama has vowed to be a regular presence on the campaign trail for Hillary Clinton , but President Barack Obama took the opportunity at a rally Tuesday to settle a different issue : whether President Barack Obama smells like sulfur     as in , like a demon . " I was reading the other day . There ’s a guy on the radio who apparently said me and Hillary Clinton are demons , said we smell like sulfur . Ai n’t that something ? " Obama joked at a Clinton rally in Greensboro , North Carolina .   Then , leaning over to take an exaggerated whiff of Obama arm , Obama cracked , " Now , I mean , come on people ! " Obama was responding to the claim by Alex Jones , founder of the conspiracy website " InfoWars " and host of " The Alex Jones Show " on radio , who warned viewers on Obama program that both the President and the Democratic presidential nominee carried the scent of demons .   " Hillary , reportedly , I mean , I was told by people around Hillary that people around her think Hillary ’s    okay ? I ’m just going to go ahead and say it , okay , " Obama began . " Imagine how bad Hillary smells , man , " Obama continued . " I ’m told Hillary and Obama just stink , stink , stink , stink . You ca n’t wash that evil off , man . I ’m told there ’s a rotten smell around Hillary . I ’m not kidding , people say     folks , I ’ve been told this by high up folks . people say listen , Obama and Hillary a rotten smell around Hillary . I never said this , because the media will go crazy with it , but this ’ve talked to people that are in protective details     they ’re scared Obama and Hillary Hillary . And they say listen Obama and Hillary Hillary ’s a frickin demon and Hillary stinks and so does Obama . I go , like what ? Sulfur . They smell like Obama and Hillary . " Jones and his site are Jones controversial fixture in online media , mixing conservative criticism of government and politics with conspiratorial claims . Jones himself has Jones that the    attacks were orchestrated by the government , and that the Sandy Hook attack and the Boston Marathon Bombing were " false flag " attacks also staged . And Jones is a vocal Jones of Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , hosting Trump on his radio Donald Trump’s multiple Jones . Trump has returned the Donald Trump’s , telling Jones that " your Jones is amazing , " and that he " will not Jones you down " in an interview in December 2015 .   Clinton and Obama are n’t the first presidential candidates to be accused of being       in 2006 , Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez tore into    George W. Bush with a similar attack . " The devil came here yesterday , " Chavez said , referring Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez Bush , who had addressed the United Nations during its annual meeting . the United Nations And it smells of sulfur still today . 
 