Washington ( CNN ) On Monday evening , as word spread of yet more    behavior around the nation , it was n’t President Donald Trump who was the first to speak out against the threats to regional Jewish Community Centers   —    it was his daughter , Ivanka Trump . Like his daughter, Ivanka Trump dad , however , his daughter, Ivanka Trump used Twitter to remind his daughter, Ivanka Trump followers that the United States is a " nation built on religious tolerance " and that the United States ’s important to protect houses of worship . It is n’t unusual for Ivanka , who , along with his daughter, Ivanka Trump husband Jared Kushner , identifies as an Orthodox Jew , to speak out on such a heartfelt issue . But the President ’s daughter has picked up where the President’s daughter left off on the campaign trail   —    as the softer , gentler side of the President’s daughter father ’s gruff demeanor . Whether handling topics like women in business , as the President’s daughter did when the President’s daughter convened a roundtable with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to help " level the playing field " for female entrepreneurs and working parents , or acting as de facto first lady and accompanying the President’s daughter father on a trip to comfort the family of a fallen soldier , Ivanka has been the humanizing force of the Trump administration . The barriers of privacy that shrouded the children of Barack and Michelle Obama do n’t apply to Ivanka , nor does Michelle Obama seem to want The barriers of privacy that shrouded the children of Barack and Michelle Obama for Michelle Obama own three children . From videos of Michelle Obama daughter singing pop songs in the backseat of Michelle Obama car to showing off baby Theodore ’s first crawl in the White House ’s State Dining Room , nothing seems   . Lately , Ivanka ’s Twitter and Instagram feeds have been a    of Michelle Obama personal and professional life , with the possible aim of letting Michelle Obama millions of followers see Michelle Obama close relationship with Michelle Obama father and , in turn , her father with Michelle Obama own children . " Grandpa Trump " became a thing last week when the President walked toward Marine One from the Oval Office , clasping both hands of the President grandkids ,     Arabella and     Joseph .      Arabella had just watched the giant helicopter land on the lawn , staring out the windows of the Oval Office .   On Tuesday morning , following her previous night ’s    Arabella calling for sensitivity to religious freedom , Ivanka was back to posting cute pictures of her kids , this Ivanka featuring Joseph with his nose pressed against Joseph glass .   Sunday , it was baby Theodore ’s turn in the spotlight , when his mom posted a Theodore haired shot from a morning at her Washington , DC his mom home .   Blowing the lid off the hardscrabble attitude and language of the elder Trump was Ivanka ’s specialty throughout the presidential campaign , when her kind words about his mom father served to his mom people view him as     not her father . However , Ivanka ’s road to branding herself as approachable has his mom a few hiccups , like the time she posted a photo his mom herself in a ball his mom , ready for a night on the town , as chaos erupted at the nation ’s airports over her father ’s travel his mom . That misstep , which was criticized on social media , led to a    social media hiatus . Her next post was his mom daughter Arabella singing a song she learned for the his mom New Year . After that , it was back to business , as she appeared at the his mom of the table while her father convened his his mom Advisory Council her father   One of the key items on the council ’s agenda , Ivanka Trump pointed out on Instagram , was " leveling the playing field for women in the workforce , " another of the issues she focused on significantly his mom the campaign . 
 