  ( CNN ) San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick sat in protest during the national anthem for a    game , saying Colin Kaepernick would not honor a song nor " show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color . " Referencing the recent shooting deaths of    by police , Colin Kaepernick told NFL Media that Colin Kaepernick conscience would not allow Colin Kaepernick to partake in the    ceremony Friday against the Green Bay Packers .   " To Colin Kaepernick , this is bigger than football and this would be selfish on my part to look the other way . There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder , " Colin Kaepernick said .   An image if the     sitting     Colin Kaepernick is wearing number 7     was posted on Twitter . How did we get here from Ferguson ?   Willing protest , Ferguson said he Ferguson fully aware of the controversy he Ferguson courting with his Ferguson .   " This is not something that I am going to run by anybody , " he Ferguson . " I am not looking for approval . I have to stand up for people that are oppressed . . .. If they people that are oppressed football away , my endorsements from me , I know that I stood up for what is right . " The athlete is active on Twitter , usually retweeting other users’ posts on race relations in the US . His The athlete not to stand has elicited comments both in support and against his His decision not to stand " As if I needed another reason to love Colin Kaepernick , " one supporter tweeted .   Another user , less enamored with his The athlete , said   the 49ers star should " just leave America to the Americans , " Saying that he The athlete " disrespect to team , sport , fans . " Opinion : The struggle for black dignity continues , Team support , Kaepernick is    the NFL media report notes , and was adopted and raised in a white family .   His The athlete released a statement saying it respected His team The athlete .    "    national anthem is and always will be a special part of the    ceremony . It is The national anthem opportunity to honor our country and reflect on the great liberties we are afforded as its citizens our country In respecting such American principles as freedom of religion and freedom of expression , we recognize the right of an individual to choose and participate , or not , in our celebration we the national anthem . " The NFL also released a statement saying players are encouraged , but not required to stand during the playing of The    Banner , which is played before every professional sporting event in the country .   Kaepernick was     for 14 yards in the    loss to the Packers .   Opinion : A black voter on Trump : What we have to lose 
 