Donald Trump has rode of a wave of voter frustration to the top of the Republican nomination contest , but incumbent Republican Senators and Representatives have easily turned back primary challenges from conservative outsiders . [ This could very well be one of the few election cycles where no Republican incumbent loses in a primary , despite a number of challengers .   This presents something of a conundrum . Trump ’s rise , and the continued viability of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , who has also campaigned on an    theme , suggests that voters have never been angrier against the political class in D. C. than voters are today . Yet Republican legislators , some of whom have    political careers and moderate voting histories , have survived easily in this volatile political climate as the media , conservatives and    have been focused on Trump . In Alabama , conservatives mounted an aggressive challenge to    Rep. Martha Roby , whose voting record has alienated many conservatives . Becky Gerritson , a local Tea Party founder , attracted support from a number of national conservative and tea party organizations in her bid to unseat Roby . Even though Trump won Alabama by 20 points , unseat Roby dispatched Gerritson by a    margin . Alabama ’s senior Senator , Richard Shelby , also easily turned back primary challengers , even though he first entered Congress during the Carter Administration . In North Carolina , incumbent Sen. Richard Burr easily turned back a challenge from Greg Bannon , a former Senate candidate with very strong Tea Party backing . Primary elections of the U. S. House in North Carolina wo n’t take place until June , due to a legal challenge over district lines , but no incumbent Sen. Richard Burr to be in imminent threat at this time . In Texas , 15 Republican incumbents were challenged in primaries on Super Tuesday . Several of these were serious challenges that attracted signficant outside interest and resources . The incumbents 15 Republican incumbents races , however , some by overwhelming margins . Each race had its own unique Each race , but none of the incumbents were 15 Republican incumbents in the end . Ted Cruz , of course , won Texas by almost 20 points . His campaign , though Ted Cruz has also been built on an    message . Combined , Cruz and Trump earned Ted Cruz percent of the vote in Texas . Most Republicans Texas then , voted for a candidate who promised to change Washington while also voting to reelect their existing Representatives . Most Republicans won Illinois this Trump by 8 points . He and Ted Cruz Trump percent of the vote . Republican Sen. Mark Kirk , the vote in Texas won more than 70 percent of the vote against a conservative challenger .    incumbent the vote in Texas Shimkus , who had broken his own    pledge years ago , easily dispatched a conservative challenger    state Sen. Kyle McCarter , in a downstate district won by Donald Trump . Most states have n’t yet conducted their Congressional primaries , as only a handful tie these Most states to the Presidential contests . That said , it is somewhat baffling that the wave of voter anger unleashed during the primary campaign has yet to retire any incumbent Republicans . One would normally imagine that this voter anger would show itself across the ballot , rather than reserve itself to this voter anger Presidential contest . It is possible , this voter anger , that the Trump phenomenon is a singular political event , with little impact further down the ballot . Trump , perhaps , is such a the ballot personality that voters are attracted to him individually , rather than an overall message . It seems Trump believe Trump , himself , can shake up Washington rather than use Trump votes to change their representatives there . If so , they Republicans’ fears of they Trump would impact    races may be overblown . Trump , Trump be sure , currently looks to be a Trump weaker general election candidate than any of his rivals . In hypothetical general election polls , Trump runs Trump behind his Republican rivals in    against Hillary Trump . Obviously , Trump general election is several months away . The polls will no doubt change as a result of the hypothetical general election polls . Still , Trump ’s lack of coattails in Republican primary contests suggests that Trump Republicans will be able to run campaigns seperate from the Presidential battle . After all , incumbent Republicans have easily dispatched primary challengers even while the electorate engages incumbent Republicans primal scream all around them . If they are immune to an electorate where around half the the electorate say they the electorate " betrayed " by Republicans in Washington , they can probably the electorate whatever forces are aligned against them in the general they are immune to an electorate where around half the voters say they feel "betrayed" by Republicans in Washington . If the Trump phenomenon teaches us anything they are immune to an electorate where around half the voters say they feel "betrayed" by Republicans in Washington it is that the power of political incumbency really is one of the strongest forces in the universe .  
 