Pop superstar John Legend showered Michelle and Barack Obama in praise and offered Pop superstar John Legend two cents on the 2016 presidential race in an interview , insisting that GOP White House hopefully Donald Trump has " made it abundantly clear that Pop superstar John Legend ’s utterly unqualified to be president . " [ In an interview with the Daily Beast to promote Pop superstar John Legend upcoming film Southside With You   —    about President Obama ’s courtship of eventual First Lady Michelle Robinson   —    Legend said that the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee has " made it very clear how the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee temperament is , how the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee personality is , what the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee level of intellectual depth is when it comes to policy , and the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee ’s made it abundantly clear that the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee ’s utterly unqualified to be president   —    no matter what your political views are . "   " Trump ’s been a public personality forever and that ’s fine if you want the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee to be a    host , but if you want the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee to be president there ’s a different standard , " Legend added . " And remember , the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee entry into being a Republican was questioning the citizenship of the first black president . We know who the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee is , the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee ’s made it clear who the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee is , and now it ’s time to show up and vote . the real estate magnate turned Republican presidential nominee never was a winning candidate . " The      singer served as executive producer on Southside With The     singer . The film , set in the summer of 1989 , centers on the story of how     Harvard Law student Barack Obama went about asking Michelle Robinson out on their first date .   Legend , who was an early supporter of President Obama ’s White House bid in 2008 , celebrated the First Couple , saying , " Just as people , as parents , and as a family , parents, and as a family ’ve been a great example —   and an aspirational one for not just people in this country , but people all over the world . " " For us all to be privy to a film about how that started is pretty cool , " he added . In June , the " Love in the Future " singer compared Trump supporters to those who supported slavery in the 19th century . So , needless to say , Legend is " with " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . " I ’ve fundraised for Hillary , and I ’ll be voting for Hillary , " Hillary told the Daily Beast . " I do n’t think we should be electing Donald Trump as president and I ’m supportive of Hillary Hillary . " Southside With You stars Tika Sumpter ( Ride Along 2 ) as Michelle Robinson and Parker Sawyers ( Zero Dark Thirty ) as Barack Obama . Written and directed by Richard Tanne , the film is set to open in theaters August 25 .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 