’   ’ "    Donald Trump ’s campaign over the last two weeks has gone out of       way to reach nonwhite voters . " "       ’s the first time in more than a year of crisscrossing the    country that the    mogul has spoken directly to      at large , and asked for their support . " "    Trump ’s strategy for luring black voters into Trump orbit involved    mocking black voters schools , denigrating black voters neighborhoods , and     on the impact of youth    unemployment . " ’    All of those points were bookended with phrases like , " " " , " and    " Give Donald Trump a chance . " ’ "    On Saturday , the Manhattan billionaire took news about NBA    champion Dwyane Wade ’s family tragedy and turned the Manhattan billionaire into : " ’   ’ "    Prominent black voices throughout the country have scolded    Donald Trump outreach methods , calling them Prominent black voices throughout the country and out of       . " ’    " I hear him    talking to black people , but talking to white    people about black people so they white   people about black people think he    about black    people , " former Atlanta newspaper publisher Alexis Scott   in a story published on Wednesday . ’ ’    Marc Morial , the president of the National Urban League , agreed ,    telling The Times : " Black America has deep problems . .. but black    America Black America has a large community of striving , successful ,      people : college educated , in the work force . " ’ ’   ’ "    Former GOP presidential candidate and Trump surrogate , Dr. Ben    Carson , was similarly unmoved by Trump ’s strategy   —    which    included   " ’    In an interview with The Daily Beast , the      neurosurgeon : " That ’s what people do who    do n’t have anything to talk about , " he ’ ’  ’ "   Former GOP presidential candidate and Trump surrogate, Dr. Ben   Carson, was similarly unmoved by Trump’s strategy  —   which   included  " ’   In an interview with The Daily Beast, the     neurosurgeon : "That’s what people do who    . ’ "    Harvard University professor Jennifer Hochschild   that Trump Trump’s are all but useless , despite his    Trump’s that he can Trump’s the economic outlook of black    voters . " ’    " General cluelessness about racial dynamics will diminish any    possible black support that comes from Trump’ ’s emphasis on job    creation , " she said . ’ ’    As the fall debates draw near , Trump continues to poll   among    voters . ’ 
 