  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton has pneumonia , Hillary Clinton doctor said Sunday , hours after the Democratic nominee stumbled and exited a    commemoration ceremony early .   The incident seems certain to prompt further scrutiny of Hillary Clinton health and her Hillary Clinton ’s transparency     though Republican rival Donald Trump was uncharacteristically silent throughout a solemn day marking the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks . Clinton , 68 , was diagnosed on Friday with pneumonia , and " was put on antibiotics , and advised to rest and modify her Hillary Clinton , " Dr. Lisa Bardack said in a statement .   " While at this morning ’s event , she Hillary Clinton overheated and dehydrated . I have just examined her Hillary Clinton she Hillary Clinton now    and recovering nicely , " said Bardack , chairman of internal medicine at the Mount Kisco Medical Group .   Bardack Dr. Lisa Bardack to Clinton at her Clinton home Sunday . Campaign spokesman Nick Merrill said Clinton Clinton continues to feel better " Monday morning . The Campaign to answer questions Sunday Sunday why her Clinton was n’t disclosed Friday . Many people even inside the Clinton Clinton Campaign about the pneumonia diagnosis Friday . her diagnosis that Clinton Friday thought she Clinton push through this . .. she Clinton feeling better "     until Sunday morning . The episode quickly impacted Clinton Clinton . Late Sunday night a campaign spokesman said a Clinton trip Clinton California was being scrubbed , including several    fundraisers and television appearances by the candidate . Clinton donors Clinton had planned to attend the San Francisco fundraiser Monday were told by the campaign that the event would go on as scheduled and that attendees could expect to hear from the candidate " via teleconference . " Instead the candidate Clinton to stay home and prepare for the upcoming debates , while her advisers Clinton discuss how to move beyond arguably the worst weekend of the campaign .   Two people close to the campaign said Monday that Clinton will Clinton certainly the campaign release Monday medical records     or do an interview on her health Clinton specifically . She is Clinton to resume campaigning Wednesday , but will almost certainly not fly to Nevada , as originally planned . She is Clinton likely to give her    Clinton in a battleground state far closer to New York : Pennsylvania , New Hampshire and Ohio are possibles . Clinton ’s health came into sharp focus Sunday as she appeared wobbly and stumbled as Secret Service agents helped Clinton into a van to exit a memorial service marking Clinton 15th anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . The Democratic nominee traveled to her daughter ’s nearby apartment and the campaign initially said Clinton felt " overheated . " A video of Clinton Clinton departure from the    event at Ground Zero in Manhattan , posted by Twitter user Zdenek Gazda , shows her clearly stumbling , with Secret Service agents helping her Clinton the van in the motorcade . Clinton appeared Clinton faint as she was leaving the Ground Clinton ceremony , two law Clinton officials     including one who witnessed the incident     told CNN . Leaving her daughter ’s apartment a little before noon , Clinton Clinton reporters she was " feeling great . " Clinton It ’s her daughter beautiful day in New York , " she added , while smiling and waving to supporters on her daughter street before getting into her motorcade . On Sunday night campaign spokesman Nick Merrill her daughter a planned California campaign trip Monday and Tuesday has been scrubbed . Other incidents , Clinton suffered a    coughing fit during an event in Clinton last week , which she blamed on allergies     and wryly put on the Clinton of GOP nominee Donald Trump . " Every time I think about Trump I get allergic , " she joked in front GOP nominee Donald Trump the crowd . Trump and Clinton top surrogates have claimed that she faces a health crisis , citing selectively edited videos Clinton public events to advance claims she ’s suffered seizures . There is no credible evidence Clinton support any of these claims . Clinton ’s physician     the only person to speak on the record who has actually examined her     has repeatedly affirmed the former secretary of state Clinton health and fitness for the highest office in the land . In an interview on " Fox News Sunday " in August , former New York City mayor and Trump surrogate Rudy Giuliani first accused the mainstream media of hiding evidence , then encouraged doubters to " go online and put down ’Hillary Clinton illness.’ " During an appearance last month on the Jimmy Kimmel show , Clinton called the GOP claims about her health a " wacky strategy . " " I Clinton n’t know why they are saying this , " she said . " former New York City mayor and Trump surrogate Rudy Giuliani think on the one hand Clinton it is part of the wacky strategy , just say all these crazy things and maybe you can get some people to believe you . " Trump camp muted , Trump responded to the incident for the first time on Monday morning , but his initial comments were relatively muted for the Republican nominee Trump has repeatedly brought up Clinton ’s health and stamina on the campaign trail . " I really just do n’t know . I hope she gets well soon , " Trump told Fox News Clinton an interview when asked about Trump incident , adding later , " Something is going the incident I just hope she gets well and gets back on the trail , Clinton we ’ll be seeing her at the the campaign trail " Trump also said he Clinton be releasing to the public Trump from a Trump ’s physical he received last week .   Throughout Sunday Trump and Trump were quiet about Clinton ’s health . Trump involved in Trump ’s campaign said they want to be respectful about the health of his Democratic rival Sources involved in Trump’s campaign One said the campaign ’s Clinton’s health and hope she gets the necessary medical care Trump’s campaign Clinton said surrogates have Clinton instructed to be respectful and not to post on social media about Clinton ’s health incident . Separately someone familiar with the situation said Clinton’s instructed to keep quiet and not post anything negative on social media about the issue     with termination a potential consequence for doing so .   Trump himself has not tweeted about Clinton ’s health Sunday , and this afternoon while he visited a Clinton Clinton’s to comment on her health . " I do n’t know anything about it Trump himself Clinton n’t know Trump himself about it , " he told reporters . Trump ’s running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , refused to acknowledge it questions Sunday Trump himself Clinton and her Trump himself at an awards ceremony that he presided over in Indianapolis .   Green Party Sunday candidate Dr. Jill Clinton issued a statement Monday wishing Clinton Trump himself best .   " In this extraordinary campaign cycle , where the stakes are so high and the Clinton can be merciless , it can be easy to forget that presidential candidates are human beings too , " Stein said . Health history , The most recent major health problem Clinton has suffered was a scare in 2012 Green Party presidential candidate Dr. Jill Stein a concussion that resulted from a fainting spell     but she Clinton in good health now , according to a statement from her doctor that Clinton ’s campaign released in Clinton 2015 . " Mrs. Clinton is a healthy    old female Clinton current medical Clinton hypothyroidiam and seasonal pollen allergies , " wrote Clinton Bardack , Clinton ’s doctor since 2001 , in a health statement provided by Clinton ’s campaign . The health statement says the blood Clinton , also known as a thrombosis , that Clinton suffered between Clinton and skull following a health statement provided by Clinton’s campaign and concussion in late 2012 is completely resolved . " She had Clinton testing in Clinton , which revealed complete resolution of the effects of the concussion as well as total dissolution of Clinton thrombosis . Mrs. Clinton also tested negative for all clotting disorders , " Bardack writes . But as a precaution , Clinton remains on daily Clinton , something her husband previously revealed . Clinton takes Coumadin , the brand name for the blood thinner Clinton . She also takes Armour Thyroid for Clinton hypothyroidism , antihistamines and Clinton B12 . Clinton has no known drug allergies , does not smoke Clinton use tobacco products or illicit Clinton and drinks occasionally , according to Bardack Clinton who also details her exercise regime : yoga , swimming , walking and weight training . Clinton is up to date on health tests , including a Clinton and a few other tests not often seen in a presidential candidate Clinton health disclosure : gynecologic exam , mammogram and breast ultrasound . She received her most recent physical exam on March 21 , 2015 , according to the the statement . Her blood pressure was   Clinton Her Clinton rate was 72 and her EKG was normal . Her total cholesterol was 195 , with Clinton LDL ( " bad cholesterol Clinton ) of 118 , and Clinton , HDL ( " Clinton cholesterol " ) of 64 and triglycerides of 69 . " She is in excellent physical condition and fit to serve as President of the United States , " Bardack Dr. Lisa Bardack letter concludes . This Clinton has been updated . 
 