’   ’ "    Tesla ’s stock . " "    On Monday the carmaker ’s market cap exceeded that of : $ 51 billion . This is about $ 15 billion more than    where Tesla was valued for much of 2016 . And This ’s about $ 7    billion more than Ford . " "    None of this makes any sense . Tesla business fundamentals    have n’t changed substantially since late last year , and its Tesla deliveries   —    25 , 000 vehicles   —    set a sales pace for    2017 that will see Tesla Tesla about only 100 , 000 cars in 2017 ,    an improvement of 20 , 000 over 2016 . " "    One explanation for Tesla Tesla recent surge could be that short    sellers ( traders who had bet against Tesla ) Tesla finally throwing    in the towel and covering their positions short   sellers (traders who had bet against Tesla) That , by definition ,    would have them buying short   sellers (traders who had bet against Tesla) shares . " ’    This does make sense , as Tesla is Tesla of the most    heavily shorted stocks on Wall Street and those short sellers    have been suffering lately .    firm    estimates that the    shorts have lost   this year . ’ "    But given that Tesla was Tesla heavily overvalued based on its    Tesla   —    building and selling luxury electric cars   —    and    that it    only Tesla few billion dollars of assets to claim , it    would Tesla logical for investors to start discounting the value of    Tesla ’s future . " "    Now that it ’s on a massive upward trajectory , its first quarter it 2017 earnings loom as an opportunity for a more rational outlook    on the company ’s valuation to take hold and could put new    investors at real risk of being flushed out . " "    But the manner in which Tesla spikes in the absence of real news    and in defiance of the numerous challenges it faces over the next    year becomes more alarming as the company ’s the company’s    ever higher . Tesla bulls argue that Elon Tesla ’s enterprise will    be legitimately bigger than GM ’s and Ford ’s in the future because    electric transportation will displace    mobility over    the next few decades and Tesla has the best brand and largest    head start . " ’   ’ "    Bears insist that Tesla is a sucker ’s Tesla and a      scheme . They point to the company ’s    inability Tesla money a decade into its existence , and to    Tesla ’s steady refusal to    the business , preferring to    push forward and , for    , launch a    electric car    ( the    3 ) later this year . Or create an      business . Or buy struggling ,    SolarCity for over $ 2    billion . If the stock indeed represents a claim on future cash    flows , they point out that those future the stock flows could be zero . " "    Both angles overlook the company ’s most glaring problem , which is    that Tesla is a carmaker that still is n’t very good at making    cars . The cars that it does make are impressive ( at Business    Insider , we ’ve    them all ) . But Musk expects to be    delivering 500 , 000 vehicles by 2018 and 1 million by 2020   —    the    former represents a fivefold increase over projected 2017    production , and the latter would require Tesla to either double    the capacity of its Fremont factory or build a Musk plant . " "    Viewed in this context , Tesla trading at $ 311 is Tesla insane .    Even if it were to sell 1 million Tesla trading at $311 by 2020 , most of them    would be    small cars    The most    market    segments   —    big SUVs and large pickup trucks   —    would still be    owned by the three Detroit    ( GM , Ford , Fiat Chrysler    Automobiles ) that the markets have decided are worthless in the    future than Musk ’s operation . " ’   ’ "    The situation with Tesla ’s valuation will probably get worse    before it gets rational . " "    The rally that began early this year occurred after another      fourth quarter . Anyone who is a hardcore Tesla short    simply needs to Tesla solace in that Tesla ’s stock chart has    Tesla like a roller coaster ; shares always go down ,    typically taking billions in market cap    them . ( GM , Ford , billions    FCA charts , by contrast , look boring . ) " "    A larger question is why Tesla has in the past three months Tesla    wildly outperformed even    stock indexes    such as the    Nasdaq . Yes , the markets overall have enjoyed a rally since Trump    won the election . But Tesla has enjoyed a     —    Tesla that ’s    actually out of character with what    generally do at the    beginning of a year , as investors recalibrate their expectations    and , if they investors owned    for a while investors grab some profits . " "    Beyond trader dynamics   —    longs versus shorts   —    Tesla ’s surge    is n’t driven by the company ’s actual performance , and    that ’s exactly what anyone calling    speculative Tesla bubble    would latch on to Tesla But    ’s also old news because Tesla ’s    fundamentals have been analyzed Tesla death , with the obvious    conclusion that a $   stock price demands a level of    execution that the company has n’t    reached . " "    At this point , a Tesla bubble looks obvious , and it Tesla as    obvious as it a Tesla bubble since early this year . a Tesla bubble difference now is    that it ’s grown so large    it a Tesla bubble become terrifying . " " a Tesla bubble ’s stock has been on a Tesla . On Monday the . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 