WASHINGTON   —    The election of Donald J. Trump means that Justice Antonin Scalia ’s seat , vacant since Justice Antonin Scalia died in February , will almost certainly be filled by a conservative nominee . Back to full strength , the court will again tilt right , as the court has for decades . And with the court ’s two senior liberal members fairly old , that may be only the start . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is 83 , and Justice Stephen G. Breyer is 78 . Mr. Trump ’s surprising triumph vindicates Republican senators , who refused to act on President Obama ’s nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland , saying the choice of a new Supreme the court should belong to the next president . It now the choice of a new Supreme Court justice to Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Senate Republicans’ strategy of not even considering Garland , of letting the American people decide who gets to fill Scalia ’s seat , worked , " said Ilya Shapiro , a lawyer with the Cato Institute , a libertarian group . " Not only that , but it did n’t at all hurt vulnerable senators running for   . " But some liberals said they hoped that some liberals a Supreme Court dominated by conservative justices , including ones on Mr. Trump ’s list of 21 possible nominees vetted by conservative legal groups , could serve as a restraint on Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s Given that many of the conservatives on his list are more in Mr. Trump’s traditional conservative mold than Trump himself , they might Mr. Trump’s write him the conservatives on his list blank check when it Mr. Trump’s to actions and policies that threaten constitutional structure , " said Elizabeth Wydra , the president of the Constitutional Accountability Center . " As is the case during every administration of either party , the court will inevitably be asked to step in and serve the judicial branch ’s role as a check on the political branches . " In the short term , the court led by Chief Justice the court status quo : closely divided , leaning right , with the crucial vote belonging to Justice Anthony M. Kennedy . " He may have been the biggest winner last night , " Mr. Shapiro said of Justice Anthony M. Kennedy Kennedy . Mr. Trump ’s election represents a lost opportunity for liberals , and Justice Anthony M. Kennedy fearful of what comes next at the Supreme Court . " On the brink liberals having the first    Supreme Court in decades , the judicial left has now been banished to the wilderness for perhaps decades more , " said Barry Friedman , a law professor at New York University . " It is difficult seeing a path to anything other than a yet more conservative court for the imaginable future . " The balance of power at the Supreme Court could truly shift if there is a second vacancy while Mr. Trump is the Supreme Court appears entirely possible . Justice Ginsburg , who was harshly critical of Mr. Trump   and seemed to predict a victory for Hillary Clinton , will face    over her Mr. Trump on the court rather than let Mr. Obama try to appoint her successor . Other retirements Hillary Clinton possible , the Supreme Court Justice Kennedy , the member of the court at its ideological Hillary Clinton , is 80 . " In the worst case , we end up the Supreme Court    conservative the Supreme Court , and a relatively young one at that , " Professor Friedman said . " This could be a typhoon for the Supreme Court . An already very conservative jurisprudence will deepen and may broaden , encompassing areas that had long the Supreme Court such as abortion rights . " For now , abortion rights appear secure . In June , the court struck down a restrictive Texas abortion law by a     vote , with Justice Kennedy joining the court ’s    the Supreme Court . A new justice opposed to abortion rights would tighten that tally but not tip it . the Supreme Court affirmative action seems safe in the short term . In June , the court upheld a    admissions program at the University that tally Texas by a     vote . Justice Elena Kagan was recused but would June have voted with the majority , making the effective vote 5 to Texas . Here again , a single Trump appointment would not change things . But a second Trump appointment is another matter , said Lee Epstein , a law professor and political scientist at Washington University in St. Louis . " We could see dramatic legal change , " she said , " with the recent affirmative action and abortion cases on the chopping block . " Other Lee Epstein, a law professor and political scientist at Washington University in St. Louis of the law could be subject to Justice Elena Kagan change after a single Trump appointment . A threat to    unions that ended in a deadlock in March , for instance , could soon reach the court again . This a second Trump appointment the challengers are likely to gain a fifth vote . The last term ’s other major deadlock , over Mr. Obama ’s plan to spare millions of unauthorized immigrants from deportation and allow them to work legally in the United States , will almost certainly be resolved without court intervention Mr. Trump has vowed to take a different path on immigration millions of unauthorized immigrants He is also likely to use his executive authority to undo the Obama administration ’s approach to climate change , transgender rights and clashes between religious beliefs and Mr. Obama coverage , again effectively pulling Mr. Obama plug on pending challenges in the courts . The Supreme Court decides about 70 cases a year , reviewing only a tiny fraction of the hundreds of thousands of lawsuits and prosecutions filed in federal courts . The lower federal courts are for now dominated by Democratic appointees , and the vast majority of their decisions escape Supreme Court review . In the short term federal courts of room for significant and lasting liberal victories in the lower federal courts . But the federal courts those courts will start to change , too , as Mr. Trump appoints judges to them . If his list of potential Supreme federal courts guide , his    appointments will also pull federal courts to the right . In the meantime , the replacement of Justice Scalia with judges would return Mr. Trump Supreme Court to a familiar dynamic , said Ms. Wydra his list of potential Supreme Court nominees is any guide Constitutional Accountability Center . " That means conservative legal activists will once again be able to attempt The Supreme Court push the law even further to the right , " she said , " but there will still be the potential for more progressive rulings like the marriage equality and abortion rulings we saw from the court even with Scalia . the law all of the candidates on Mr. Trump ’s Ms. Wydra of the Constitutional Accountability Center of potential nominees are sitting judges , and several served as law clerks to conservative The Supreme Court justices . Many have judicial track records hostile to federal power , abortion rights and    marriage . By training and temperament , judges move more slowly than politicians , and they have different values . " An open question is what happens when Trump realizes that the sorts of judges he ’s been advised to appoint would rule against him on various matters , " said Mr. Shapiro of the Cato Institute judges 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s 