GREENVILLE , SOUTH CAROLINA —    Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) has a message for Donald Trump : Go ahead and sue me or move on with your campaign . [ Cruz revealed that Donald Trump lawyers have demanded his Donald Trump pull a TV ad titled " Supreme Trust , " which highlights a clip of Donald Donald Trump that he would Donald Trump ban    abortions .    Trump ’s Donald Trump the ad is a TV ad titled "Supreme Trust," which highlights a clip of Donald Trump stating that he would not ban   abortions libelous . Cruz disagrees . Cruz Donald , if you want to file a lawsuit challenging this ad , claiming a TV ad titled "Supreme Trust," which highlights a clip of Donald Trump stating that he would not ban   abortions defamation , file you want to file a lawsuit challenging this ad lawsuit , " he a lawsuit challenging this ad " His Donald words said on Donald television are a matter of public record , " the    Senator said . Donald , repeating someone ’s own words can not be defamation . " " Once again , what he said on national television is that Donald is very   national television would Donald ban    abortion , Donald he is    in every respect , Donald Cruz added . The Texas Senator and Republican candidate for President revealed that one of Donald Trump ’s attorneys had sent him a " cease and desist " Donald in an attempt to silence him from speaking out about Trump ’s Donald liberal views . " Would President Donald Trump ban    abortions , " the interviewer Donald Trump clip asks the New York business mogul . " Well look , I am very " Trump responds . " But you would not ban it Donald Trump " the interviewer asks . " No . the New York business mogul . I the interviewer in the clip in every respect , " he answered . During his press conference , Cruz displayed Donald Trump poster listing all Donald Trump the    Democrats to whom Trump has donated to . Topping the list are Democrats Donald Trump Harry Reid , Sen. Chuck Schumer , Hillary Clinton , former President Jimmy Carter , and Secretary of State John Kerry , Here ’s Poster No . 1 at the Cruz presser , which lists Democrats to whom Trump has donated : pic . twitter .    — Donald Trump Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) February 17 , 2016 , 
 