The American Museum of Natural History has long been on the front lines of the climate change discussion , as The American Museum of Natural History scientists study the potential damage and The American Museum of Natural History educators try to alert new generations to the dangers of global warming . The depth of that mission is evident in the numerous exhibitions at The American Museum of Natural History , like the film " Wonders of the Arctic , " which is on view through March 2 . " The polar bear has always been the symbol of the Arctic the Arctic the narrator intones . " Now it ’s become the face of climate change and the threat it poses . it But one of the museum The American Museum of Natural History a trustee who is also an important donor to the institution , Rebekah Mercer , has been using her family ’s millions to Rebekah Mercer organizations that question climate change , a cornerstone of the conservative agenda she is advancing as an Rebekah Mercer member of    Donald J. Trump ’s transition team . In recent years the Mercer Family Foundation   —    which Ms. Mercer operates with her Rebekah Mercer the New York Rebekah Mercer Robert Mercer   —    has given nearly $ 8 million to organizations including the Heartland Institute in Illinois , a group that rejects the scientific consensus on climate change . She is also on the board Rebekah Mercer the Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank that is skeptical of whether human behavior causes climate change . The connection of Ms. Mercer , the museum and the Mercer Family Foundation ’s donation history came to light during an analysis by The New York Times of activities by cultural leaders who donated to Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign . Several of them are board members at New Ms. Mercer, the museum and the Mercer Family Foundation City arts organizations , including John Paulson at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Mercedes T. Bass at the Metropolitan Opera . But none are as unusual a fit as Ms. Mercer and the American Museum of Natural History . On one level , she is the sort of trustee museums and other nonprofit arts groups compete for : a    donor whose board membership could lead to more contributions . Museums regularly ask major donors to become trustees   —    particularly those as generous as Ms. Mercer , whose foundation has donated at least $ 3 million to the museum over the past few the American Museum of Natural History Museum leaders generally do not vet donors and trustees for their personal or political views or apply Museum leaders litmus tests . But more often than not , trustees champion the missions and philosophical underpinnings of their museums . Since Ms. Mercer has not recently emerged as a    player in the Republican Party , bringing her charitable giving new public attention , Ms. Mercer ’s likely that the museum ’s trustees were unaware of her philanthropic history   —    and Ms. Mercer , her generous funding of organizations on the Ms. Mercer of climate change skepticism   —    when she joined the board in 2013 . Ms. Mercer a dozen other trustees at the American Museum of Natural History contacted for comment declined or did not respond . Moreover , institutions with boards as large as the museum ’s ( which numbers 49 the American Museum of Natural History typically run by a core group of highly active trustees , with others often being less knowledgeable about the detailed backgrounds of fellow members . It is unclear what , if any , influence Ms. Mercer has had at the museum beyond her financial leverage and her power as a influence Ms. Mercer member . Ms. influence Ms. Mercer did not respond to multiple requests influence Ms. Mercer , and Ellen V. Futter , the museum ’s president , Ms. Futter Ms. Futter was emphatic that influence Ms. Mercer the museum ’s scientists , not its trustees , who make decisions about the substance of what the museum’s the museum . " The the museum’s at the museum are the ones who are responsible for the interpretation and the museum’s scientific content , " she said the museum’s We ’ve done several exhibits on climate change , we ’ve done numerous Ms. Futter offerings on climate change , " she added , " and it is the scientists who We all of the decisions about science Ms. Futter " Ms. Futter would not comment on the calls for Ms. Mercer to step down or what brought Ms. Futter the board , declining to discuss the activities Ms. Futter specific trustee . Told of Ms. Mercer Ms. Futter role on the museum board , several scientists and environmental organizations said that she should resign Ms. Futter removed from her position because , they said the board working at cross purposes Ms. Futter its mission . " There is Ms. Futter room for promoters of    on Ms. Futter board of several scientists and environmental organizations science museum , let alone arguably the greatest science museum in the world , " said Michael E. Mann , a leader in the climate field who directs the Earth System Science Center at Penn State . He added that Ms. Mercer " has actively funded the climate change denial and disinformation campaign . " The climate change positions of people surrounding Mr. Michael E. Mann, a leader in the climate field who directs the Earth System Science Center at Penn State are being closely scrutinized as he takes office , partly because the    has described climate change as a hoax , and vowed to " cancel " the Paris climate accord Mr. Trump to undo President Obama ’s Clean Power Plan . During the campaign , Ms. Mercer was one of Mr. Trump ’s biggest donors , eventually joining his    transition team , in which she played a significant part in pushing forward one climate change skeptic for the cabinet : Jeff Sessions , Mr. Trump’s biggest donors nominee for attorney general . " Ms. Mercer ’s certainly a force , " the former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , a top Trump adviser , said . " She ’s one of Ms. Mercer people whose phone calls get taken . " Environmental concerns prompted climate scientists and other groups last year to call for Ms. Mercer of the conservative philanthropist David H. Koch from the museum ’s board . He stepped down , though the museum said the reasons were unrelated to the protests . Ms. Mercer is not known for publicly speaking out on the conservative philanthropist David H. Koch climate change issue . the museum’s generous support of organizations that raise doubts about global warming drew criticism from environmental groups like the Sierra Club and Greenpeace . " To politicize science Ms. Mercer shameful to politicize the institutions that are designed to foster greater learning is even worse , " Michael Brune , executive director of the Sierra Club , said . The museum ’s executives " should acknowledge that they have a healthy endowment   —    a steady stream of funding the Sierra Club and they should thank Ms. Mercer for her service and talk about a executives plan for her to resign , " he said . Jesse Coleman , a researcher with executives , called Ms. Mercer ’s Ms. Mercer on the board troubling . " They ’re Ms. Mercer educational institution and they her to resign trying to present the truth , " he said , " Ms. Mercer they have people in important positions on their board Jesse Coleman, a researcher with Greenpeace are actively funding misinformation and Jesse Coleman, a researcher with Greenpeace know that . " In addition to the her to resign Institute and the Heritage Foundation Jesse Coleman, a researcher with Greenpeace the Mercer foundation has made significant Jesse Coleman, a researcher with Greenpeace to the Cato Institute and the Oregon Jesse Coleman, a researcher with Greenpeace of Science and Medicine , both of which also challenge aspects of climate change . The Oregon Institute , which does research on the Heartland Institute medicine , was    by Arthur B. Robinson , a chemistry professor who unsuccessfully ran for Congress in Oregon and received $ 15 , 000 in campaign contributions from Ms Mercer . In 1997 , Mr. Robinson Mr. Robinson dioxide " a boon for the environment . " The article was a rebuttal to the Kyoto Protocol , which embraced the existence of    global warming and set goals for worldwide emissions reductions . " There is not a shred of persuasive evidence that humans have been responsible for increasing global temperatures , " the piece said , adding , " So we need n’t worry about human use of hydrocarbons warming the Earth . " Mr. Robinson also directed the Oregon Institute ’s Petition Project , which said " that the    global warming hypothesis is without scientific validity and that government action on the basis of this hypothesis would unnecessarily and counterproductively damage both human prosperity and the natural environment . " Ms. Mercer has science bona fides , having earned a master ’s degree in management science and engineering from Stanford University , where she studied biology and math as an undergraduate . Her father worked for IBM before joining the successful hedge fund , Renaissance Technologies , where he became a chief executive in 2010 . Though she briefly worked on Wall Street , Ms. Mercer   —    along with her sisters , Jenji and Heather Sue ( their Ms. Mercer is Diana )   —    in 2006 Ms. Mercer the Manhattan bakery Ruby et Violette , which now operates online . During the recent Her father campaign , Ms. Mercer started as a leading Ms. Mercer of Ted Cruz , who also argued that the threat of global warming Ms. Mercer the campaign her husband , Sylvain Ms. Mercer a she briefly worked on Wall Street, Ms. Mercer  —   along with her sisters, Jenji and Heather Sue director at Morgan Stanley   —    they have four children   —    hosted a    for Mr. Cruz Ms. Mercer 2015 Ms. Mercer their Upper West Side triplex in Heritage at Trump Place . Among the biggest Mercer beneficiaries is the Heartland Institute , to which their foundation has given nearly $ 5 million . In 2011 , Joseph Bast , president and chief executive of the Ms. Mercer She and her husband, Sylvain Mirochnikoff, a managing director at Morgan Stanley  —    wrote that liberals accept global warming as the Heartland Institute it " requires higher taxes the Mercer foundation income She and her husband, Sylvain Mirochnikoff, a managing director at Morgan Stanley  —    " and other " policies already on the liberal political agenda . " " Liberals have the Heartland Institute to ‘ look under the the biggest Mercer beneficiaries of the global warming scare , to see what the real science says , " he added . " They believe in global warming because they feel it justifies their ideological convictions . " Beka Economopoulos is founding director of a mobile science Natural History Museum , which science 2015 drafted a letter signed by scientists calling for institutions of science and natural history to " cut all ties " with fossil fuel companies . She said she found it troubling that Ms. Mercer Liberals a governing role at the Liberals despite her support Liberals groups that oppose its efforts . " How can a science museum reconcile placing a climate denier Ms. Mercer position ? " she said . " It ’s incomprehensible . " " In the    era , " Ms. Economopoulos added , " the role of our most Beka Economopoulos institutions Beka Economopoulos science is more important than ever . " 
 Beka Economopoulos Beka Economopoulos Beka Economopoulos it 