’   ’ ’    GETTSYBURG , Pa. ( Reuters )    U. S. Republican presidential    candidate Donald Trump promised on Saturday to foil a proposed    deal for AT&T Inc to buy Time Warner Inc if U. S. Republican presidential   candidate Donald Trump wins the Nov.    8 election , arguing it was an example of a " power structure "    rigged against both U. S. Republican presidential   candidate Donald Trump and voters . ’ ’    U. S. Republican presidential   candidate Donald Trump listed U. S. Republican presidential   candidate Donald Trump policy plans for the first 100 days of U. S. Republican presidential   candidate Donald Trump    presidency in a campaign speech in historic Gettysburg ,    Pennsylvania , but also defiantly raised personal grievances ,    describing how    would address personal grievances from the White House . ’ ’    Moments after promising Americans that    represented a break    from the status quo ,    promised to sue a number of women who    have come forward to accuse    of sexual assault , calling a number of women who   have come forward to accuse him of sexual assault    liars . ’ ’    And    added a new threat to    repeated criticisms of U. S.    media companies , which    says cover    campaign unfairly to    help Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton . ’ ’    " They’’re trying desperately to suppress my vote and the voice of    the American people , "    told supporters in    speech . ’ ’’ ’    " As an example of the power structure I’’m fighting , AT&T is    buying Time Warner and thus CNN , a deal AT&T will not approve in my    administration because it’ ’s too much concentration of power in    the hands of too few , " Trump said . ’ ’    Trump also said Trump would look at " breaking " up Comcast’ ’s acquisition    of NBC Universal in 2013 . ’ ’    " Deals like this destroy democracy , " Trump said . ’ ’    Although Trump , a wealthy New York businessman , described these    plans at least in part as a response to Trump belief such    organizations had treated Trump unfairly , Trump argued that less    wealthy voters had even greater cause to worry . ’ ’    " When a simple phone call placed with the biggest newspapers or    television networks gets a simple phone call placed with the biggest newspapers or   television networks wall to wall coverage with    virtually no    whatsoever , here is why this is    relevant to you , " Trump said . " If they can fight somebody like me    who has unlimited resources to fight back , just look at what they    could do to you , your jobs , your security , your education , your    health care . " ’ ’    Trump is trailing Clinton in most polls    although Trump has    narrowed the gap according to a    poll released on    Friday . Clinton maintained Clinton commanding lead in the race to win    the Electoral College , however , and claim the U. S. presidency , a      States of the Nation project poll released on    Saturday showed . ’ ’      ’ ’    ( Reporting by Emily Stephenson and Jonathan Allen ; editing by    Grant McCool ) ’ 
 