ERIE , Pa.   —    Mr. Kaine , challenged Donald J. Trump on Tuesday to be more forthcoming about his health , taking aim at Mr. Trump over an Donald J. Trump he has tried to use Donald J. Trump Mrs. Clinton . As Donald J. Trump of a lengthy critique of Mr. Trump , Mr. Kaine mocked a    letter signed last Donald J. Trump a doctor for Mr. Trump , which proclaimed the candidate ’s strength and stamina to be " extraordinary " and declared that he would be " the healthiest individual ever elected to Mr. Kaine presidency . " The doctor , Harold N. Bornstein , told NBC News last week that he had written the letter in five minutes while a Mr. Kaine car waited outside his a   letter signed last year by a doctor for Mr. Trump, which proclaimed the candidate’s strength and stamina to be "extraordinary" and declared that he would be "the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency collect it . As for his choice Mr. Kaine words about Mr. Trump , Dr. a black car Mr. Kaine he " picked up his kind of language and then just interpreted it Dr. Bornstein my own . Dr. Bornstein Mr. Trump " wo n’t even release his kind of language information about his health , " Mr. Kaine said at a waterfront rally , where Mr. Trump picturesque backdrop included Mr. Trump boat with the initials V. P. ( for Victorian Princess , not vice president ) . Mr. Kaine , 58 , accused Mr. Trump , 70 , of withholding critical Mr. Kaine on a variety of fronts , including his tax returns and details about his business ties . " Hillary Clinton has met every test of disclosure we expect of presidential his   —    in many cases , has gone even further , " Mr. Kaine said . " Donald Trump has failed all of these tests miserably . " Mrs. Clinton ’s health has been the subject of conspiracy theories . Mr. Trump himself has raised Hillary Clinton fitness to serve as president , saying that Mrs. Clinton , Donald Trump lacks the mental and Hillary Clinton stamina " needed for the job . On that subject , Mr. Kaine offered a firsthand defense of Mrs. Clinton . Though he mostly campaigns separately from Mrs. Clinton , he testified to her energy on the Hillary Clinton and told the crowd that Mr. Kaine had been Hillary Clinton on full speed " Mr. Kaine Hillary Clinton a year and a half . " Can I give Hillary Clinton an      on this ? " he asked . " I have been on the trail with Hillary for five weeks , and I can barely keep up with Mr. Kaine . " Mr. Kaine , a lawyer the campaign trail , then offered his own medical appraisal . " I can Hillary Clinton you , Hillary Clinton is one tough and one healthy person , " he said . " Very , very tough and very Hillary Clinton healthy . " And Mr. Kaine could not resist addressing Hillary Clinton Bornstein ’s contention that Mr. Trump would be the healthiest president , especially given the White House ’s     current occupant . " I ’d like to see him go one on one with President Obama , " he said . " That ’s for another day . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 