’’ ’Ten debates into the Republican presidential primary , anybody who thinks they can predict the effect a single night ’s     will have on the individual candidates’ standing in the polls is either delusional or has n’t been paying attention.’ ’But one thing that seemed pretty clear from the aftermath of the       food fight in Houston last night is that Donald Trump knew Donald Trump ’d been hit hard by Marco Rubio.’ ’The two men clashed on any number of issues , from immigration to foreign policy to Obamacare.’ ’Rubio frequently interrupted Donald Trump , attempting to talk over Donald Trump or to interject sarcastic comments while the billionaire spoke . And , to be fair , Donald Trump and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz each landed multiple blows on Donald Trump that , in a real debate , would have been devastating.’ " But whether he and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz each will have much impact on Donald Trump candidacy is , at this point , anybody ’s guess . The billionaire former reality television star has demonstrated a    ability to survive assaults that ought to destroy him The billionaire former reality television star " ’And , oddly , virtually all of the attacks on Trump Donald Trump out last night have been available to his Donald Trump since the day he Donald Trump into the race.’ ’Rubio , for example , repeatedly referred to a    lawsuit over immigrant workers as though it a   lawsuit over immigrant workers just been filed . If Trump Donald Trump opponents had picked up this free ammunition months ago , he Trump’s not be headed into Super Tuesday with a massive lead in 9 of the 11 states that will be awarding delegates five days from now.’ ’Putting aside the effectiveness of the attacks in terms of voter persuasion , though , it was clear from a    interview that Trump Donald Trump to CNN that Rubio ’s attacks , in particular , had left a mark . Why?’ ’Because , as Trump Donald Trump does when he Why?’ ’Because threatened , he Why?’ ’Because into Middle School mode , attacking Rubio Rubio his Why?’ ’Because , rather than substance . He Why?’ ’Because suggested that Rubio Rubio some sort of physical disorder that makes him Why?’ ’Because excessively.’ ’The exchange , in all its excessively.’ ’The    splendor , is worth rehashing at length.’ ’"The problem with Marco is he Marco a choke artist , " Trump told CNN ’s Chris Cuomo , referring to a previous debate in which New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie attacked the Florida senator . " He Marco . He Marco it in front of Chris New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie I ’ve never seen anything like that.’ ’"I was standing right next to him and that.’ ’"I look over and say ’’ You okay ? ’’ I mean it looked like he just that.’ ’"I out of a swimming pool . He was that.’ ’"I wet . " ’ ’’ ’He continued , " We ca n’t have a choke artist . One thing I ’ve learned from sports   —    I was actually a very good athlete   —    when you ’re a choker , you ’re always a choker . We ca n’t have that . We ca We take any chances in this country . " ’ ’"He ’s a meltdown guy , " Trump added . " I mean , I ’m looking at him , ’ ’"He’s a meltdown guy ’s ’ ’"He’s a meltdown guy pouring sweat , I ’ve never seen anything like it . I do n’t know what the problem is , but he ’s ’ ’"He’s a meltdown guy pouring down sweat . We have We have somebody that does n’t sweat . " ’ ’When the US president has to negotiate with Russia and China , Trump said Trump " We need somebody that does n’t have whatever that is that he ’s Trump . " ’ ’To be clear , there ’s no reason to think that Rubio has " got " anything . This is classic Trump deflection Trump —    and he deploys Trump most classic Trump deflection   he feels Trump . He did Trump to classic Trump deflection   Bush when the former Jeb Bush ; Trump did it to classic Trump deflection   Jeb Bush when the retired neurosurgeon was surging in the polls.’ ’Rubio clearly struck a nerve with Trump last Trump . With Super Tuesday just five days away , though , the big question is whether starting to go after Trump like Trump months ago would have led to an outcome in which the loudmouthed billionaire was not the consensus favorite to win the GOP nomination.’ ’Ten debates into the Republican presidential . .. ’ 
 