Washington ( CNN ) Members of the House Intelligence Committee agreed Monday evening on the boundaries of Members of the House Intelligence Committee investigation into Russia ’s alleged interference in the US elections . Members of the House Intelligence Committee signed off on a plan to examine contacts between President Donald Trump ’s campaign and Russia Russia also investigate who leaked key details about Russia Russia’s . Committee Members of the House Intelligence Committee to provide    details on the investigation their investigation into Russia’s alleged interference in the US elections We have a document that we ’ve signed and We ’ll be giving We obviously , some announcement at some point , " House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes told CNN when asked if the members Members of the House Intelligence Committee on the terms of their investigation . Members of the House Intelligence Committee , a California Republican , added that members have already been briefed on the transcripts of calls between former national security adviser Michael Flynn and the Russian ambassador and are proceeding deliberately on the investigation . " I their investigation for it to go as quick as possible , but at the same time , we ’re going to try and get all the information that we can , " Nunes told we as he left a meeting of the Nunes committee . " We ’ll be looking at anyone and everyone , as I said today , but without any real credible evidence , we ’re not going to be We Americans into there to be interviewed . "   Nunes also brushed off calls by Nunes and at least one Republican , Rep. Darrell Issa , for an independent investigation into Russia ’s influence and hit back against allegations that he coordinated a response to previous Nunes with the White House .   " They can say whatever they want the White House but at the the White House of the day , I hold the gavel , they ’re in the minority and the White House ’re going to do what we want to do . We we the votes and we we been elected to do we . If that ever changes , then obviously that would be different , " Nunes told CNN . " At this point , I ’m not going to give up jurisdiction of this committee that for a long time that has been trusted with the nation ’s top secrets . We are not going to give we that jurisdiction to anyone else as jurisdiction of this committee I ’m here . "   Tensions ’m Monday between Nunes and the top Democrat working Nunes the Russia investigation , Rep. Adam Schiff , after Nunes said he had seen no Nunes yet of Rep. Adam Schiff officials communicating with Trump campaign aides and Schiff said it was too early to Rep. Adam Schiff .   Schiff later told CNN ’s Erin Burnett Rep. Adam Schiff if    intelligence officials have been communicating with the White House about the investigation , it " threatens the the Russia investigation the organizations the Russia investigation I think they ought to call a halt to that the organizations " " If we are going to do this in a thorough and objective and nonpartisan way , we need to follow the facts where they lead and not begin with the conclusion the White House would like us to , the White House on " OutFront . we ’Have not seen any evidence’    advisers close to    nominee Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence , multiple current and former intelligence , law enforcement and administration officials told CNN earlier this month . Nunes said he was asked by the White House to call a Nunes after The New York Times first reported on contacts between the Trump campaign and Russians , but he downplayed the request nominee Trump " We Russians have not Nunes any evidence that anyone from the Trump campaign , or any other campaign for that matter nominee Trump has communicated with the Russian government , " Nunes said on Capitol Hill earlier Monday .   " Nunes is no evidence that I ’ve been presented of regular contact with anybody within the Trump campaign . The only one that ’s obvious the Trump campaign Michael ) Flynn ’s discussions with the Russians , which I would still contend that he was doing what he was supposed to do , which was (Michael) Flynn the    for (Michael) Flynn by getting as many leaders in front of him as possible , " he said . Trump has personally intensified (Michael) Flynn attacks on the press (Michael) Flynn the steady stream of articles about Trump ties to his campaign have emerged . Behind the scenes , White House officials Trump help from the men overseeing two of the congressional investigations : Nunes and Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr , according to a recent Washington Post report . But Nunes beat back reports that he was enlisted by the White House Nunes refute the Times reporting Nunes saying : " White House happen . "   Democrats , however , have latched onto the report . Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said Monday he was putting Burr a recent Washington Post report notice , because what he did was wrong and Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer is not the way to conduct a fair , Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer investigation . "    And Sen. Susan Collins , a moderate Republican and member of the Senate Intelligence Committee said , " I think all of us have to be careful to not create a perception that the White House has any role in this investigation . "   Nunes reiterated that he wants to uncover who leaked transcripts of Flynn ’s calls with the Russian ambassador Nunes which ultimately led to Flynn ’s resignation as national security adviser .   " We ’re very interested in Flynn’s who those people were because they have questions to answer as to what laws did they use to decide to unmask those people Flynn , " Nunes said .   Schiff said those people agreed to investigate the leaks but did not want that to be the main focus Schiff the committee ’s work . 
 