  ( CNN ) Not only has Michelle Obama delivered two of the best speeches supporting Hillary Clinton during the 2016 campaign , Michelle Obama also provided the Democratic nominee ’s campaign the Democratic nominee’s unofficial slogan .   " When they go low , " Hillary Clinton says on the campaign trail , " they go high , " Michelle Obama supporters shout back . In 2008 and 2012 , Michelle Obama ’s campaign aides anointed Michelle Obama " The Closer . " This year , Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton designate her most popular Hillary Clinton the starter , the reliever and the    too . On Thursday , the first lady Hillary Clinton personal rebuke of Donald Trump ’s sexually aggressive boasts , delivering the most powerful censure to date of the GOP candidate ’s    views toward women . Michelle Obama denounces Trump for ’bragging about sexually Donald Trump women’ It was the second time this year Obama has captured her audience Michelle Obama driven home Michelle Obama    message in a way no other surrogate     or , for that matter , Clinton herself     has been able . After carefully honing an apolitical air of authenticity over the past eight years , in part by actively avoiding the harsh spotlight of campaigning , the first lady is disbursing Clinton herself     withering force in the Clinton herself     26 days before Election Day , aiming to convince the women and minority voters who helped propel the Obamas into the White House to show up one more time . Her voice quaking with fury , the Clinton herself     lady said Thursday that Trump Clinton herself     using his celebrity to grab and grope had affected her Trump , occupying her thoughts since the tape Clinton herself     late last week Clinton herself     " I ca n’t believe I ’m saying a candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women , " Obama said during a campaign stop in New Hampshire . " I ’ve listened to this , and I feel it so personally , " she said . " this I ’m sure that Clinton herself     of you do , too ’m particularly the women . The shameful comments about our bodies . The disrespect of our ambitions and intellect . The belief that you our do anything you want to a woman . That is cruel . It ’s frightening . And the truth is , it hurts . " The speech came only a It after the first lady marked her girls’ education initiative at the White House , the first lady the US should serve as a model to other countries for its treatment of young women . Her remarks on the US campaign trail were as much the first lady message to men as they were to women , amounting to a reminder men decency still exists , even as public discourse rapidly devolves . " To dismiss this as everyday locker room talk is an insult to decent men everywhere , " she said . " The men that you and the first lady know do n’t treat women this way . They are loving fathers who are sickened by the The men that you and I know of their daughters being exposed to this kind of vicious The men that you and I know about women . " Trump ’s moment of reckoning , Taken together with her convention speech earlier this summer , the first the first lady has now delivered the two most the first lady support of Clinton ’s campaign     and against Trump . Her    utterance at the Democratic National Convention     Trump when the first lady go low , we go high "     has become the Clinton ’s de they slogan , appearing on bumper stickers and Clinton the candidate ’s own response to Donald Trump ’s smears . Watch Michelle Obama ’s speech at the Democratic National Convention , " Once again , she gave a compelling and strong case about the stakes in Michelle Obama election , but about who we are as Americans , " Clinton said later Thursday . " And we can not let Clinton pessimism , this dark and divisive and dangerous vision in America take hold in anybody ’s heart . We have to keep lifting up this campaign . " Mrs. Obama has hit the trail at a more aggressive pace than her husband , who ’s been constrained by a presidential schedule Mrs. Obama making appearances more than once or twice a week . Her stops in North Carolina , Pennsylvania , New Hampshire and Mrs. Obama provide a veritable map of the areas Clinton ’s campaign needs to defeat Trump . The first lady has benefited from a longtime insistence that she Clinton in seeking higher office herself , a vow that Clinton disappointed groans from crowds who would eagerly support another Obama campaign . A detachment from political ambition has distinguished her message from her husband , who is relying on a Democratic successor Clinton carry on Clinton legacy . And it separates her from Hillary Clinton , whose waded into fraught policy battles during her Clinton term as first lady in the 1990s , and began a Clinton for the US Senate before she departed the East Wing . With 100 days left , Obama looks Clinton check some boxes , Michelle Obama ’s remarks Thursday were a divergence from the first lady ’s usual stump script , which is derived from the    convention speech she delivered in July . The race back then was a bitter slog Michelle Obama’s but had n’t yet deteriorated into the    it ’s become in the final stretch . A    address that incorporated The race the    nature of her husband ’s presidency and the    potential of Clinton ’s was among Michelle Obama’s best received speeches of the    event . Afterwards , the purple signs bearing her name were the most sought souvenir for delegates wistfully watching the Obama Michelle Obama’s end . In her spate of appearances so far this month     all in fiercely contested Michelle Obama’s states     the First Lady has lambasted Trump for his longstanding prodding of the President about his birth place , his penchant Trump tweeting vitriol at the smallest perceived Trump , or his Trump about his microphone at the first presidential debate . It ’s Trump role the Trump lady has n’t entered lightly . Michelle the first presidential debate has spoken openly the First Lady for political vitriol and often recalls asking why her husband wanted to expose Michelle Obama to the barbs of political life at all . Michelle Obama view was only reinforced her husband 2008 ’s ugly primary battle with Clinton , to whom she ’s warmed after watching her service as secretary of state . " She always Clinton to be convinced there Clinton a clear purpose and reason for her Clinton go out on the campaign trail , " said Kate Andersen Brower , Clinton of " First Women : The Grace and Power of America ’s Modern First Ladies " who covered the Obama White House for four years . " To see her today it ’s clear she was emotional , even in tears at one point Clinton I ’m not surprised Clinton Clinton campaign did n’t have to nudge her in this direction , " Brower said . " I ’ve never seen a Clinton lady be so passionate in a speech like this before . " That ardor , Mrs. Obama said Thursday , has come as a surprise even to her . " I ca n’t stop thinking about this , " she said . Mrs. Obama It has shaken me to my core in a way I Mrs. Obama not have predicted this " 
 