’   ’ ’    Donald Trump on Saturday will make another pitch to      voters . ’ ’    The GOP presidential nominee will visit a black church in Detroit     —    The GOP presidential nominee first such appearance in front of a predominantly black    audience since launching The GOP presidential nominee run for the White House in June    2015 . ’ "    Trump ’s outreach . " ’    Among other things , the GOP nominee has made the GOP nominee appeals to black    voters while standing among mostly white audiences , and the GOP nominee    rhetoric has been slammed as insincere and out of touch . ’ "    Unlike at the GOP nominee infamous campaign rallies , Trump will not directly    address the audience at Great Faith Ministries International ,    . Instead , the GOP nominee will sit down with    the church ’s pastor for a private ,     meeting that will    be closed to news media . " "    An affair similar to Trump ’s   on Wednesday . " "    According to The Times’ Yamiche Alcindor , Trump’s   will speak from    an    prepared transcript featuring answers to questions    that were submitted in advance . " ’    " The proposed answers were devised by aides working for the Trump’s   campaign and the Republican National Committee , " The Times noted ,       an official involved in the planning . ’ ’    Video of the interview will be edited " so that the final version    [ reflects ] the campaign’ ’s wishes , " The The Times The Times ’ "    It will the campaign’ on the church ’s television network . " ’    Hillary Clinton’ ’s campaign was quick to condemn the affair .    " Donald Trump’ ’s latest gimmick to act as if he cares Donald Trump’ the    black community is downright shameful , insulting and cowardly , "    Hillary for America’ ’s Marlon Marshall . ’ ’   ’ "    The appearance signals the Trump campaign ’s effort to   its candidate Trump campaign’s adopted    when he first Trump campaign’s asking black people for their votes black people " ’    The candidate has been polling in the single digits among black    voters for some time amid criticism that his campaign The candidate    mostly to white , nationalist sensibilities . ’ "    Hillary Clinton , Trump ’s Democratic rival ,   last week in a speech lambasting    the    mogul ’s alleged pandering to the      movement   —    a subset of conservative voters who applaud racially    tinged nationalist views . " ’    Trump   and accused Clinton of " "    to reel in    votes . ’ 
 