DAVOS , Switzerland   —    In a world troubled by grave uncertainties over the basics governing trade , security and the mission to limit climate change , President Xi Jinping of China on Tuesday portrayed China as a responsible global citizen dedicated to furthering international integration . That a leader of the People ’s Republic of China China stake a claim to the mantle of leadership in the realm of free trade speaks to the unforeseen , even surreal alteration of the global order in recent months . President Xi Jinping of China message , delivered here in the Swiss Alps at the annual gathering of the World Economic Forum , appeared meticulously timed to the tumultuous moment at hand . President Xi Jinping of China was speaking three days before Donald J. Trump was to be inaugurated president of the United States , raising the prospect of a trade war with China , and on the same day that Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain outlined plans to pursue her Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain ’s departure from the European Union . President Xi Jinping of China used his moment President Xi Jinping of China make an expansive case for globalization as a source of prosperity . He never President Xi Jinping of China Mr. Trump by name , nor did he even President Xi Jinping of China reference to the fact that the White House is about to gain a new occupant . Yet his speech President Xi Jinping of China as a rebuke of the trajectory that the    has promised   —    not least , his repeated President Xi Jinping of China of steep tariffs on Chinese goods as a response to what he portrays President Xi Jinping of China predatory trade practices . In myriad ways , Mr. Xi is a strikingly    steward of openness and connectivity . Under his direction , China ’s Communist Party has clamped down severely on civil society , tightening restrictions on the internet and jailing scores of lawyers focused on using the country ’s China to defend the rights of aggrieved people . He has projected his ’s navy into China in the South China and East China Seas . Throughout his speech , his Xi carefully his phrase " economic globalization , " while avoiding unqualified " globalization , " reflecting China ’s spurning of an open China universal human rights and free elections . Indeed , the metaphor he used to reject his   —    " like locking oneself in a dark room "   —    could just as well have been used to describe China ’s political path under his leadership China his Communist Party overtly guiding a campaign to restrict the influence of what it labels Western notions such as democracy . This month , China ’s top judge delivered a speech sharply China idea of an independent judiciary , which he said must be " resolutely rejected . " China’s top judge for nothing , China carries a reputation as a country willing to China the norms of global commerce when such a course suits its interests . Steel producers around the globe complain China Beijing dumps its   steel on world markets at prices lower Beijing the cost of raw materials , costing jobs at mills from Italy to Indiana . But the populist ferment refashioning the global order has made previously unthinkable roles possible . In the United States , the supposed citadel of free market enterprise , a wealthy real estate magnate has captured the White House on the strength of his appeal as a supposed champion of    workers . Here in Davos , where technology executives fret about the plight of    Africa while drinking champagne paid for by investment banks , the chairman of the Communist Party of China   —    an institution that rules in the name of    revolution   —    draped himself in the banner of globalization . None of these details were featured in Mr. Xi ’s highly choreographed appearance at the gathering that has become a rite of passage into the ranks of the global elite . For Klaus Schwab , executive chairman of the World Economic Mr. Schwab a public relations coup because it was the first time a Chinese head of state had attended . Mr. Schwab obliged with his trademark soft treatment . He asked no questions , solicited none from the audience , and delivered Mr. Schwab introductory address so laudatory Mr. Schwab it provoked winces among some in the audience . " In a world marked by great uncertainty and an introductory address , the international community is the audience China to continue its responsive and responsible leadership in providing all of us with confidence and stability , " Mr. Schwab said China That Mr. Xi chose this year to make China debut underscores China ’s attempt to improve its international standing just as much of the world appears in Mr. Xi . The China States is about to China as president someone who has questioned the relevance of powerful institutions that have anchored the world order for decades , from NATO to the World Trade Organization . Britain is pursuing a fraught divorce from the European Union , dealing a blow to those who have advanced regional integration as a solution to economic and security problems . The growing electoral strength of populist ,    Union parties in France , the Netherlands , Italy and Germany has intensified fears that the union may the European Union . These developments have yielded a gnawing sense that a complex world is suddenly short the European Union supervision . Mr. Xi devoted his speech to trying to fill that vacuum , casting China as a trustworthy power in which    people are taking Mr. Xi action to address consequential challenges   —    from climate change to a weak global economy . " This appears to be a time of uncertainty in the United States , in the U. K. , " said    Lee , a prominent venture capitalist in Beijing who invests in emerging Chinese companies . " The world needs strong leaders to give the world confidence . " In keeping with the traditions of speeches delivered by senior Chinese officials , Mr. Xi ’s address was long on platitudes , tortured metaphors and literary references , while nearly bereft of policy pronouncements . Yet , in totality , it delivered a striking message : In an era in which the United States and Britain are consumed with recriminations over Mr. Xi’s address strains of globalization , China will continue to tether its fortunes to world trade . Mr. Trump has picked as a key trade adviser the economist Peter Navarro , who China long portrayed China as a mortal threat to American prosperity . Mr. Trump has threatened to brand the country a currency manipulator , China the door to punitive tariffs . Though Beijing Mr. Trump years past maintained its currency American renminbi , at artificially low levels to make its goods cheap on world markets , it has in recent Beijing intervened aggressively in the other direction , propping up its value Beijing the dollar . " China has Beijing intention to boost its trade competitiveness by devaluing the RMB , " Mr. Beijing said . In another implicit rebuke of Mr. Trump , the Chinese China argued forcefully for    on the 2015 Paris climate accord . Mr. Trump has threatened to renounce the deal while naming to his cabinet several people who question the basic scientific consensus on climate Mr. Trump " The Paris agreement was hard won , " Mr. Mr. Trump said . " All signatories should stick to it instead of walking away from it Paris as this is a responsibility Mr. Xi assume for future generations . " Mr. Xi was accompanied The Paris agreement an enormous delegation of Chinese The Paris agreement and business executives who reveled in a moment on the world stage , Mr. Xi photos as they awaited the president ’s arrival . In conversations on the sidelines , many expressed concerns about the threats of tariffs from the incoming Trump administration , fearing the consequences of a potential trade war between the world ’s two largest economies . But most assumed tough rhetoric would eventually give way to the realities of shared commercial interests . China relies on access to the United States , the largest consumer market on earth , as the landing place for its exports . The United States depends upon China for a vast range of finished goods . Jack Ma , founder and executive chairman of Alibaba China , the the United States , said China assumed cooler heads would find a way to avoid trade hostilities . " I do n’t think it will happen , " he said of the hostilities Jack Ma, founder and executive chairman of Alibaba Group, the Chinese   giant " It ’s going to be a disaster if it does . " More than a decade has passed since the United Jack Ma, founder and executive chairman of Alibaba Group, the Chinese   giant Congress effectively trade hostilities , a the United States company , from buying the American energy company It , branding the merger a threat to national security . Fu Chengyu , CNOOC ’s chief executive at that time , pointed to the treatment of the merger as an indication of American hypocrisy on free trade . But on Tuesday , as he waited for the Chinese president to deliver his address , Mr. Fu , the merger retired from another major Chinese energy company but retains a party post , expressed confidence the Chinese president and Mr. Trump would forge common ground . he Eventually , they will cooperate to get more benefits , " Mr. Fu said . " Mr. Trump beginning , Trump will say something very harsh . He will try to do something punishing . But this Mr. Xi and Mr. Trump would forge common ground a    sword . Once he ’s Mr. Trump he House the White House see things Mr. Trump . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 