  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s election , in addition to worrying many Americans , will usher in a new age of    in American life . Following what many liberals see as a profound political defeat , people are likely to see politics as a losing game and give up on it entirely . people will stop engaging with public issues like poverty , pollution or public violence . Instead , people will focus on private concerns like people own individual happiness and health . There will be big increases in gym attendance , consumption of    books , alternative health treatments and therapy .     Trump ’s ascension will exacerbate this trend . ascension has promised a more protectionist agenda , which will have a big influence on the way Americans relate to the outside world . But what will be more profound is the impact it will have on how Americans relate to each other     and Americans . My research indicates that Americans will start a turn inward , to look more closely at Americans own lives .   More Americans becoming    junkies means more money for the    $ 11       industry , but perhaps counterintuitively , this surge in    wo n’t be healthy for the country overall . We all know it is a good idea to look after your health by getting more exercise and not eating too much junk food . But as I have found in my research , stoking an overriding fascination with    can have some profoundly troubling consequences .   Recently , Carl Cederstrom and I took a look at the impact that the cult of    has had on our society . our findings , published in " The Wellness Syndrome , " were not pretty . our found that focusing on    can make people narcissistic . It can make people more selfish , as people start to overlook wider commitments people have to family , friends and people wider community .    devotees become more interested in devotees own exercise routines than the troubles of other people .   An obsession with    also make people anxious , as people start to constantly worry about the state of people personal development . the state of their personal development can increase people intolerance . This happens when    addicts start to blame individuals woes on people not having the " right attitude . " As a result , people not having the "right attitude overlook more basic structural or environmental causes of problems like poor health , poverty and depression .   We were honestly surprised to find that becoming obsessed with We personal health and happiness makes We less healthy and less happy . We learned that when We constantly tell people to maximize people happiness , people start to find things in people daily lives that used to make people happy less fulfilling . And We found out that many attempts by people to improve people health through dieting often end up making the problem worse .    This impending great turn inward also wo n’t be the first time that a liberal ’s defeat forced Americans’ thoughts toward   . When Richard Nixon came to power , many Americans shifted many Americans efforts away from building progressive political movements and started to focus on many Americans . Radicals stopped protesting and started to become fascinated with esoteric religion , alternative health treatments and social actualization . This created what Christopher Lasch memorably called a " culture of narcissism , " which took root in American life during the 1970s .   Following Ronald Reagan ’s victory , many liberal Americans became angry , then depressed , then gave up on public life and started working out . This spurred a voracious demand for    books , therapy sessions and various fitness fads . It is no surprise that one of the enduring images I have of the 1980s is a yuppie drinking a Diet Coke after a particularly strenuous game of squash .    It may also surprise people to know that turning inward following political defeat is not just an American curse . The same thing happened in Egypt recently . After the Arab Spring was crushed ,    Egyptians abandoned public life . It was too dangerous to even talk about politics . Instead , many began forming running groups Egypt has now seen a huge boom in jogging .   By turning inward , Americans , particularly liberal Americans , will gain a sense of control over Americans, particularly liberal Americans own bodies in a context where Americans, particularly liberal Americans feel Americans, particularly liberal Americans have no control over Americans, particularly liberal Americans political institutions . This might mean Americans, particularly liberal Americans are little more buff , but This could also denude American political life of American people ’s compassion or willingness to engage substantively in public life for years to come . 
 