After meeting privately with intelligence officials ,    Donald Trump acknowledged the hacking of the Democratic National Committee , but said in a statement that   Donald Trump had " absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election . " The U. S. intelligence community concluded Russian President Vladimir Putin " ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the US presidential election " in a newly released report . Congress certified   Donald Trump ’s election as the next president of the United States after a formal tally of Electoral College votes . At least five people were killed and eight injured in a shooting at the Fort Lauderdale , Florida , airport . The U. S. added 156 , 000 jobs in December , and the unemployment rate increased slightly from 4 . 6 percent to 4 . 7 percent . Undoing a Legacy : Republicans are looking for the quickest , most effective way to dismantle a number of    regulations —   from health care , to trade pacts , to environment regulation . And a rarely used oversight measure could be just what Republicans need . ( Michelle Cottle ) Finding a Solution : Conor Friedersdorf recounts interactions with skeptics of Conor Friedersdorf argument that free speech on college campuses is in jeopardy . Conor Friedersdorf also stresses that attacks on free speech , both small and large , should be addressed often rather than waiting for the problem to " become endemic . " ‘ Trump vs. the Spies’ : Some skepticism of the intelligence community is understandable , writes Amy Zegart , " but no president until now has entered office with such a profound , publicly vented distrust of no president own intelligence establishment . " Here ’s why Trump ’s criticism is so alarming . Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics   Policy portal . ‘ A Prophet of Doom’ : Bill Perry , the     former U. S. secretary of defense , dedicated his life to nuclear weapons . Now , his ’s worried that Americans no longer recognize the possibility of nuclear war as a serious threat . ( John F. Harris and Bryan Bender , Politico ) Advice for Trump : What would improve the relationship between the incoming administration and the media ? Former White House press secretaries Mike McCurry and Ari Fleischer suggest opening the daily press briefings to new reporters and taking it off television , for a start . ( Columbia Journalism Review ) A Party in Reconstruction : Vanity Fair spoke with David Brock , a liberal operative who wants to transform his website into a " Breitbart of the left , " about how Democrats can better connect with voters and what voters can learn from conservatives . ( Tina Nguyen ) Strange Fruit : A group of law school students at Northeastern University are investigating and archiving murder cases . The challenge ? The victims are African Americans —   many without identifiable information —   who were killed by mobs , mutilation , and lynchings between 1930 and 1970 . ( Beth Schwartzapfel , The Marshall Project ) Stiffed ? : The    " has a long record of not paying or only partially paying " contractors on his projects , and that record is growing : A plumbing firm and a construction company in Washington , D. C. have filed liens against the Trump International Hotel alleging that liens were n’t compensated for liens work . ( Jonathan O’Connell , The Washington Post )    The Obamacare Breakdown : President Obama sat down with Vox ’s Ezra Klein and Sarah Kliff to discuss the future of the Affordable Care Act , the law ’s problems , and President Obama willingness to support a replacement plan that is " demonstrably better . " View the full interview here . This week marked the beginning of the 115th Congress —   and the swearing in of several new lawmakers . We asked what    exercises you might suggest for the group . Here are a few of We favorite responses : Jerry Purmal suggested rowing as a good bonding activity : One of the most effective team building activities is crew in an eight person shell . Without practice , dedication , and agreement that each rower will relinquish individual action , the shell ( 8 person boat ) will fail to move smoothly or at potential top speed and can in fact capsize . Meri Bond thought they should head to Outward Bound : Teams would be a mixture of Republicans and Democrats and individuals would literally have to put Teams lives in one another ’s hands . .. The end goal is for Teams to see one another as individuals Teams know and like and not just as someone ’across the aisle’ . And Joe Bookman suggested a game of congressional telephone : [ It ’s a ] kids’ game where the first Congressperson whispers a message to second , second repeats what they heard to the third , etc . This will help avoid email in favor of couriers so that they do n’t get hacked . Stay tuned for next week ’s Question of the Week contest .    by Elaine Godfrey ( @elainejgodfrey ) and Candice Norwood ( @cjnorwoodwrites ) 
 