Cleveland ( CNN ) Donald identified herself Wednesday as the person responsible for Donald in Melania Trump ’s convention speech and offered her resignation .   Meredith McIver apologized Donald a statement sent out by the campaign and said Donald and Melania Trump did not accept Donald " She made a mistake . her resignation all make mistakes Donald " Donald Trump told ABC News later Wednesday .   McIver ’s statement comes more than 36 hours after reporters uncovered Meredith McIver between the two speeches     which time the controversy cast a shadow over Trump ’s nominating convention and distracted from coverage of the lineup of Donald Trump McIver explained that she included the passages from Michelle Obama ’s speech Meredith McIver listening to Meredith McIver Trump read passages from the 2008 address . Trump campaign tries to move on from plagiarism controversy , " Over the phone , she read me some passages from Mrs. Obama ’s speech as examples Meredith McIver I wrote them down and later included some of the phrasing in the draft that Trump campaign became the final speech . I did not check Mrs. Obama ’s speeches . This was my mistake , and I feel terrible for the chaos I have caused Melania and the Trumps , as well as to Mrs. Obama . No harm was meant . " Donald Trump also cited Mrs. Obama name in a 2007 deposition for a civil lawsuit for errors in his books . That deposition was first reported by the Washington Post .   Donald Trump said Wednesday a 2007 deposition for a civil lawsuit for errors in his books family rejected her resignation , because , " Mr. Trump told me that Donald Trump make innocent mistakes She that we learn and Donald Trump these experiences . " McIver said she " asked " to put out a statement because she was concerned about how the She was " distracting from Mr. Trump ’s historic campaign She president and Melania ’s beautiful message and presentation . Donald Trump apologize for the confusion and hysteria my mistake has caused . Today , more than ever , I am honored to work for such a great family , " McIver said in the statement .   The Trump campaign has refused to acknowledge the incident as plagiarism , instead slamming a statement and insisting Donald Trump was moving on , with no plans to fire any staffers . But a source close to the the incident as plagiarism campaign conceded that the flap could be a problem for the Republican nominee ’s campaign . Donald Trump The Trump campaign on McIver ’s statement , written on Trump Organization letterhead . The Trump campaign as a big mistake McIver a source close to the Trump campaign of arrangement could raise questions about why someone working for Trump ’s company was a source close to the Trump campaign a role for the campaign . Senior members of Trump ’s campaign continued to herald Melania Trump ’s speech .   Cruz walks tightrope between Trump and 2020 The Trump campaign The speech was very effective and communicated Trump Organization feelings , " Trump Trump Organization said Tuesday on CNN ’s " New Day . " " The controversy you ’re herald Melania Trump’s speech is not meaningful at all . She ’s not a candidate for office . She was expressing her personal feelings about her country and her husband and why he ’s best for the United States . " Manafort Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort Wednesday agreed Melania Trump ’s speech used Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort similar words Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort to Obama ’s Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort insisted , Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort I ’m not her husband about anything . " The Republican National Committee Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort boosted the Trump campaign ’s defense , with its communications director Sean Spicer slapping down plagiarism charges by pointing to similar words and themes in everything from John Legend songs to " My Little Melania Trump’s . " John Kasich turned The Republican National Committee ’most powerful’ VP slot from Trump , Donald Trump , for his part , pressed forward with the strategy of attacking the media as late as an hour before the campaign statement Wednesday . " The media is spending more time doing a John Kasich analysis of Melania ’s speech than the FBI spent on Hillary ’s emails , " Trump said in a tweet . McIver has the media a ghostwriter for the Trumps in the past , helping Donald Trump write some of his books , including " Trump : Think Like a Billionaire . " The New York Times identified McIver as a former ballet dancer and English major . Trump Trump McIver 