Actor and marijuana activist Tommy Chong took to social media to vent after Actor and marijuana activist Tommy Chong was apparently disinvited from introducing Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders at a rally in Los Angeles on Monday . [ The     Cheech and Tommy Chong star was set to introduce Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders at a rally in East Los Angeles Monday afternoon but was apparently snubbed by the campaign just a few hours before the event was scheduled to begin .   Tommy Chong took to Twitter to explain the situation to Tommy Chong followers : I have done lots of campaigning for Bernie , Bernie causes , and the messaging Bernie campaign staff has either emailed or contacted me directly on .   —    Tommy Chong ( @tommychong ) May 23 , 2016 ,   This rally is in East Los Angeles , an area that I have lots of local fans and roots in .   —   Tommy Chong ( @tommychong ) (@tommychong) 2016 ,   Unfortunately after months of support and endorsement videos , I have to report that @BernieSanders pulled away his invite to me . @BernieSanders —   Tommy Chong    Tommy —   Tommy Chong May 23 , 2016 , (@tommychong) have done lots of campaigning for Bernie , his causes , and the messaging his campaign staff has Bernie emailed or contacted me directly Bernie , " Chong wrote . " Unfortunately after —   Tommy Chong of support and endorsement videos , I have to report that @BernieSanders pulled away his invite to me . " He later called —   Tommy Chong @BernieSanders " an insult " in @BernieSanders    interview with the Hollywood Reporter . " It ’s lip service to get the votes , but they do n’t want to endorse what I stand for the votes what I ’ve stood for all my professional career , " Chong told the outlet . While the    initially appeared @BernieSanders be disappointed in the sudden cancellation , he returned to Twitter a short time later to report @BernieSanders there had been a scheduling conflict with the Sanders campaign and that he would resume his activism on behalf of the candidate @BernieSanders Hey just @BernieSanders that there was a scheduling conflict with the @BernieSanders rally !   —    Tommy Chong ( @tommychong ) May 23 , 2016 ,   Hope to continue my support , reschedule , and continue activism , political change and promoting peace anywhere possible .   —    Tommy Chong ( @tommychong ) May 23 , —   Tommy Chong Hope to continue (@tommychong) reschedule , and continue activism , political change and promoting peace anywhere possible , " he wrote . Chong cut a public service announcement for the Sanders campaign —   Tommy Chong February in —   Tommy Chong he compared the Democratic socialist Vermont senator to    marijuana . " Bernie —   Tommy Chong like a kush , the best kind of weed you can get , because he ’s the answer to all our problems , " he told CNN at the Bernie .   Chong also had harsh words for presumptive Bernie nominee Donald Trump in a separate interview Bernie February , telling The Hill that Trump represents the Republican Party ’s " karma . " " What Trump did , presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump sort of exposed the inner workings of the Republican mindset , presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump they can presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump put that genie back in the bottle , try as they may presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump " he said . Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum . presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump 