’   ’ ’    Donald Trump is still standing behind Donald Trump proposal to bar Muslims    from entering the US , but Donald Trump clarified on Saturday that Donald Trump would    only seek to ban those from " terror states . " ’ ’    The clarification is in line with other statements the    presumptive Republican presidential nominee has made in recent    weeks , but is a significant departure from the blanket ban the   presumptive Republican presidential nominee    proposed in December . ’ ’    CNN reporter Jeremy Diamond , who is reporting on Trump’ ’s trip to    Scotland ,     Saturday that Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks clarified that Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks does    not support banning all foreign Muslims    just those from " terror    states . " ’ ’    It’ ’s unclear which countries would be considered " terror states , "    but Trump has said previously that the descriptor refers to    places " where you have tremendous terrorism in the world    you    know what those places are . " ’ ’    Diamond noted that Trump told reporters that it " wouldn’’t bother "    Trump to have a Muslim from Scotland enter the US . Trump that his Trump would focus on " people coming    from the terror states " and said " we are going to be so vigilant "    with them people ’ ’’ ’    Trump’ ’s finance chairman , Steven Mnuchin , told reporters that the    ban is " not about religion , " but " about Muslims from countries    that support terrorism , "   Diamond . ’ "    In the wake of the terror attack at an Orlando nightclub earlier    this month , Trump has renewed his Trump of a Muslim ban . The a Muslim ban been controversial during Trump Trump for the    Republican nomination , with some experts blasting it as    unconstitutional . a Muslim ban ’    Although Trump initially Trump for a " total and complete    shutdown of Muslims entering the United States , " he softened Trump    Trump in recent months , saying the ban was " . " ’ ’    His campaign’ Trump chief strategist , Paul Manafort ,   that Trump would Trump moderate " his stance Trump the    proposed ban . the ban still standing behind his . .. ’ 
 ’ ’Donald Trump 