European Union policy spokesman and Berlin Brexit negotiator Axel Schäfer has said that Britain was " delusional " if Britain opted to prioritise deeper trade relations with the U. S. over remaining in the Single Market . [ The senior member of Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s Social Democrat ( SPD ) coalition partner told The Times that Britain would be left " more isolated after Brexit " with less chance of striking a trade deal with the U. S. following the victory of Donald Trump in the presidential election .   Mr. Schäfer , who , after the EU referendum result said that the political bloc had not done enough to counter populist , Eurosceptic , "   tirades " claimed that hopes of a trade deal with the U. the U. S. Trump were unfounded : " What changed [ with Trump ’s election ] is the likelihood of a speedy and preferential trade deal between UK and US   …     Even before Tuesday the chances were rather low , now the hope for this kind of deal seems delusional . " He added : " the U. S. a more    Trump administration , it is in United Kingdom ’s own interest to seek close    with their EU partners in a more   Trump administration field . "    Trump had said that   Trump he were elected president   Trump he would not send   Trump country " to United Kingdom of the queue "    —    a reference to President Barack Obama ’s threat that the UK would be given the lowest priority for trade deals upon voting to leave the political bloc . Mr. Trump had previously shared a stage with interim UKIP leader Nigel Farage , the man who delivered the Leave vote , in Mississippi during his presidential campaign , referred Mr. Trump himself as " Mr. Brexit Mr. Trump and has compared his victory to the Leave Mr. Trump . Mr Farage has recently stated that " this president is instinctively Anglophile " . A statement released on Thursday confirmed that in a telephone conversation between Prime Minister Theresa May and the    they agreed that the U. S.   relationship was " very important and very special , and that building on this would be a priority for them both " and that they May should visit " as soon as possible " . "   Trump set out his close and personal connections Trump , and warmth for , the UK . He said he was confident Trump the Trump relationship would go from strength to strength , " it added . 
 the special relationship 