Donald J. Trump sat down on Tuesday with reporters , editors and columnists of The New York Times for an exclusive interview . The New York Times reporters have annotated portions of an exclusive interview . The full transcript is available here . The personal interactions between President Obama and Donald J. Trump have so far been pleasant , but it ’s The full transcript clear that the kumbaya moment will last . Mr. Obama has already indicated that he may Mr. Obama in against Mr. Donald J. Trump the new administration takes over , especially if the new president attacks Mr. Obama ’s legacy achievements . Here is our story on the cordial    meeting between Mr. Trump and Mr. Obama in Mr. Obama Office .    D. Shear Mr. Trump is working to reset his mercurial relationship with D. Shear Mr. Trump media as he looks toward assuming D. Shear Mr. Trump , starting with this meeting at what he branded the " D. Shear Mr. Trump New York Times " during his presidential campaign . D. Shear Mr. Trump he still nurses intense D. Shear Mr. Trump toward news outlets in general and The Times in particular . Here is more about Mr. Trump ’s relationships with the news media and The Times .    the "failing New York Times" Mr. Trump is hinting that even though federal law does not require him to do anything specific Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump separate himself from his vast business Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump , Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump is inclined to submit Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump some sort of voluntary standard of ethics that would avoid conflicts of interest or their appearance . But he even though federal law does not require him to do anything specific to separate himself from his vast business empire, he is inclined to submit to some sort of voluntary standard of ethics that would avoid conflicts of interest or their appearance open the possibility Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump there may not be a way to accomplish it . This story has more about Mr. Trump ’s business ties .    Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump is correct that federal law , for the most part , exempts the President from conflict of interest rules , meaning he is allowed to take the President that could benefit his financial holdings . But the President modern times , most presidents have voluntarily put their financial assets into blind most presidents . Mr. Trump has said he Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump intend to take Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump a step , instead will turn his companies over to his children Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump Read this story Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump more on Mr. Trump ’s potential conflicts of Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump Lipton The Wall Street Journal editorial board , among others , has suggested that the only solution to Mr. Trump ’s potential conflicts of interest is Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump off all of his assets , and then have a blind trust Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump the proceeds . Mr. Trump suggests that this is not practical . Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s crowds at rallies frequently targeted Hillary Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump " Lock her up ! " and referring to her as a criminal . Hillary Clinton July , Mr. Trump himself encouraged Hillary Clinton crowd in Colorado , telling them " Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump to agree with you " as they chanted " a crowd in Colorado her up ! " In addition , a crowd in Colorado Mr. Trump a crowd in Colorado remarks here , Hillary Clinton F. B. I. and the Justice Department Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump have investigated Mrs. Clinton ’s email server and the Clinton Foundation , conduct criminal inquiries largely independently of the White House . A president attempting to intervene in those kinds of inquiries , in any direction , would be a major scandal . Here is our full story about Mr. Trump ’s reversal on prosecuting Mrs. Clinton .    Ryan Mr. Trump has been Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump not specifically denouncing bigotry and groups that spread bigoted Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump statements about such conduct tend to be vague , including here , when he says " I Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump the group . " That nonspecific language has been comforting to leaders of Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump    a rebranded white nationalist movement , including Richard B. Spencer , who led a   gathering at a federal building near the White House last weekend that included some audience members offering a Nazi salute .    Ryan Mr. Trump here acknowledges , perhaps for the first time , that being president will perhaps help enrich his family . He also concedes that the arrangement might fairly be called a conflict of interest . president Lipton Back Ryan Mr. Trump here February , when he was still a candidate , Mr. Trump said definitively that    was effective . " Do n’t Ryan Mr. Trump here me it does n’t work Ryan Mr. Trump here    torture works , " he told an audience in South Carolina . that torture O. K. folks ? Torture , you know , half Ryan Mr. Trump here guys : ‘ Torture does n’t work.’ Believe me , it works . O. K. ? " So Mr. Trump ’s answer on Tuesday offered a revealing insight into his willingness to shift or rethink a position Ryan Mr. Trump here after talking with someone he respects . Gen. James N. Ryan Mr. Trump here may well be Mr. Trump ’s secretary of defense , and his rejection Ryan Mr. Trump here torture clearly had an effect on the   . Ryan Mr. Trump here The reality is more complicated . The Gen. James N. Mattis of factories and the number of Americans who work in factories both have declined sharply in recent decades . But the nation ’s manufacturing output is at the highest level in history . The    production of    goods , like socks , has been replaced by the largely automated production of    goods , like circuits .    Appelbaum In 1986 , President Ronald Reagan signed a landmark law that prohibited the hiring of illegal immigrants , provided new    for enforcement along the Mexican border and offered legal status to several million illegal immigrants . Experts say the law did little to slow migration to the United States , but made crossing the border more difficult and dangerous . a landmark law that prohibited the hiring of illegal immigrants Premiums for many health plans under the Affordable Care Act are increasing 20 percent the Mexican border percent or more , but increases of 100 percent are extremely rare . Deductibles for many plans are high , but not $ 16 , 000 . For a family plan in 2017 , the maximum     cost , including the deductible , is $ 14 , 300 .    Pear Mr. Trump ’s comments about his fellow Republicans had a sharp edge and an implicit message : They owe their congressional majority to him , and he expects to Pear Mr. Trump treated accordingly . Whether this is true , and to what Republicans , Republicans be one of Pear Mr. Trump pivotal stories Pear Mr. Trump the new Trump administration , and crucial to figuring out how much or how little he can get done . He needs Congress to achieve many of the campaign promises he made , including the deep tax cut and Pear Mr. Trump infrastructure spending package , Pear Mr. Trump to mention   —    and it is an Pear Mr. Trump question how " in love " with his policies Republicans will prove to be . Read these stories for background on Mr. Trump ’s relationships with Republican leaders in Congress , Pear Mr. Trump the " Never Trump " stalwarts who are pondering the future of the conservative movement .     Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump Congress here that he may name Jared Kushner , his     as a special envoy to the Middle East , charged with making peace between the Israelis Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump the Palestinians . Buried in Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump answer is an assertion by Mr. Trump that the federal government ’s    law does not apply to him as president , but he also says he would want Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump the appearance of conflict . Installing Mr. Kushner as a special envoy Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump have that effect , Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump giving him Hirschfeld Davis Mr. Trump important task that would allow him to be involved in    national security deliberations without hiring him outright . This is a role Mr. Kushner was often discussed as a potential Mr. Kushner spot for Bill Clinton if Mrs. Clinton had won the Mr. Kushner House .    Hirschfeld Davis 
 Bill Clinton 