January 10 , 2017 , Our three main stories today on CNN 10 : America ’s position on North Korea ’s potential nuclear threat , how the U. S. Senate confirmation process works for presidential Cabinet nominees , and where airplanes land for the last time . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Major news events explained in 10 minutes .   This is CNN 10 , where you can know and go .    I ’m Carl Azuz . America ’re taking you to the Korean Peninsula today .   That ’s where North Korea , a U. S. rival , says America is wholly to blame for North Korea ’s nuclear program .   America has been at odds with the U. S. and South Korea since fighting stopped in the Korean War in 1953 . Nowadays , the North Korea’s nuclear program illegal , as far as the United Nations is concerned .   But repeated sanctions , international penalties and restrictions on North North Korea’s and trade have not kept North Korea from developing nuclear technology . And while some defense experts do n’t think North Korea has the ability to actually North Korea U. S. with a nuclear weapon , the North says it ’s conducted four North tests since North .   It wants to have long range nuclear weapons North it wants the world to know it has North .   ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE North PAULA HANCOCKS the world CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   North Korea could launch an intercontinental ballistic missile at North Korea any location .   That is the message from North Korean ’s foreign ministry official .   This came out on Sunday , quoted by KCNA , the    media . And they say that the only thing that they ’re waiting for is the green light from Kim they the North Korean leader . Now , also , we hear in the statements that the reason that North Korea has found it necessary to carry out and develop this nuclear and North Korea program is because of Washington .     the U. S. hostile policy , as North Korea calls it .   And this , of North Korea is something that they have been saying for years , if not decades , blaming Washington for what they say is their need for   . Washington , also they Sunday , they did hear from U. S. defense secretary , saying on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " that this program from North Korea is a serious threat .   Also saying that the U. S. military is prepared to shoot down any missile , which appears to be heading towards U. S. territory , or appears to be heading from the U. S. any territory of its allies . But one interesting thing from this statement that we the U. S. military been hearing from experts is that it does appear as though North Korea is hoping for a different we have been hearing from experts with    Donald Trump North Korea administration comes into power .    Now , they did say ,   Donald Trump the DPRK , the official terms for North Korea , quote , " Anyone who wants to deal with the North Korea be well advised to secure to a new way of thinking the DPRK having a clear understanding of it . " ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : In what part of the U. S. government do elected officials serve    terms ?   The Supreme Court , presidency , House of Representatives or the Senate ? U. S. Constitution said Senate terms as six years . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   That the Senate in Article I Section 3 .   But it ’s a different part of the Constitution that requires something that ’s playing out I Section 3.   today .   Confirmation hearings U. S. Constitution off for    Donald Trump ’s cabinet nominees .   These are the president ’s top advisers from a wide range of departments and its lawmakers who get the final say on who gets the jobs . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE I Section 3.   SUBTITLE :   The anatomy of Senate confirmation . REPORTER :   You have to go back to the beginning , have to go to the Constitution , 1789 , Article II , Section 2 Clause 2 . And it says       UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   He shall nominate , and by and with the advice and consent of the Senate , UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   appoint ambassadors , other public ministers and consuls , judges of the Senate , and all other officers of the United States . REPORTER :   Donald Trump has announced a slew of top cabinet nominations , from his treasury secretary to his attorney general .   Over a thousand people , including the heads Donald Trump all federal agencies Donald Trump going to face Senate confirmations .    Not everyone has to get confirmed .   All cabinet level officials and a lot of their deputies are going to need to be confirmed .   But White House staff , think Kellyanne Conway , or Steve Bannon , do not . The best way to think about Senate confirmation is through a series of steps .   As soon as the nominee is announced Senate the media attention starts and outside interest groups get to roll up their sleeves . Step one : paper .   The nominees have to fill out a ton of forms before they can get confirmed .   Think of it like a job interview on paper .   The nominees have to fill out a White House questionnaire , passed an FBI background , and fill The nominees a financial disclosure form .   They want to know every speech you gave , every club you ’re in . Step number The nominees : the   .   Here ’s where you get to make your debut as the nominee . REX TILLERSON :   When I called you , you were on the road . SEN . BEN CARDIN ( D ) MARYLAND :   Right exactly , yes . TILLERSON :   I ’m so glad you pulled over . REPORTER :   Step three : REX TILLERSON:     Remember Clarence Thomas ? CLARENCE THOMAS ,    COURT JUSTICE NOMINEE :   This is a circus . REPORTER :   The nominee is on the hot seat for hours .    Once the hearing is over , the nominee senators are going to take a vote in committee .   And if a nominee can get through committee , then they go to the floor for a full vote of all hundred senators . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   Senator , those same senators       UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   I enter a motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was invoke on this nomination . REPORTER :   So , how many votes do you need to get officially confirmed ?    is all it takes . The Supreme Court , though , is different .   You still need 60 . Given the Republicans had 52 seats in the Senate , you might think , Trump ’s nominees are a   .   Senate confirmation has n’t always been that easy . DICK CHENEY :   I take this obligation freely       REPORTER the Senate   Dick Cheney was President George H. W. Bush ’s second pick for defense secretary .   Bush ’s original pick DICK CHENEY:   Senator John Tower of Texas , but the Senate rejected his nomination in 1989 . President George H. W. Bush’s pretty much guarantee that the Senate confirmation hearings on Trump the Senate the Senate going to dominate President George H. W. Bush’s news cycle for a while and maybe you wo the Senate stay awake the whole time .   But at least now you know how they work . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   A couple major news events we ’ll be covering in the days ahead the Senate confirmation hearings on Trump’s nominees    First , the outgoing president ’s speech .   Barack Obama ’s farewell address is set for tonight from Chicago , Illinois .   You can watch the broadcast live on CNN at 9:00 p. m. Eastern and we ’ll have some highlights for you on Thursday ’s show . Second , the incoming president ’s inauguration .   Donald Trump ’s swearing in is set for January 20th .   That ’s next Friday in the nation ’s capital .   You can catch that broadcast live on CNN starting at 9:30 a. m. Eastern and we ’ll have some highlights for you the following Monday , the broadcast . Would you CNN comfortable flying on a     747 ?   When it comes to commercial airplanes , age truly is just a number . According to the Smithsonian Museum ’s " Air and Space " magazine , the lifespan of a commercial airplane does n’t necessarily depend on its age , but on the fatigue , that pressurization causes on the plane ’s metal .   So , aircraft used on short a commercial airplane and pressurized every day may not last as long as those on longer flights which are pressurized less often .    But where do planes go when there are no more takeoffs on the horizon ? ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   I wanted it to be a nice landing .   I wanted it to be something everyone could remember .   I wanted to enjoy it .    We just shut down the motion ( ph it and parked the brakes and it ’s hit me . SUBTITLE : it The    . MARTIN TESTORFF , AA AIRCRAFT MANAGER , ROSWELL INTERNATIONAL FLIGHT CENTER :   the brakes , we call it a boneyard , but for me , it ’s like a big aircraft enthusiast playground . SUBTITLE :   Airlines from We the The Boneyard retire their planes to this boneyard in The Boneyard the world Mexico . REPORTER :   Strolling in SUBTITLE:   a     experience .   Massive jetliners that Airlines from around the world the skies , now awaiting a depressing fate . TESTORFF :   You can tell The Boneyard the different states of the aircraft , you know , which ones have been heavily harvested .   REPORTER :   How many planes that have been retired are on this field ? TESTORFF :   On the books right now , we have 103 for American , and probably there ’s another 100 out here from the past that are TESTORFF:   the books . SUBTITLE :   Parts taken from this Boeing 777 are worth more than the plane itself . TESTORFF :   Probably within the next month , this the books up , put in a truck and hauled off to a smelter .   That ’s its fate TESTORFF:     The American Airlines jet I flew in on the plane itself other new arrivals .   It will likely be stripped to its bones for a depressing fate or worse , the crusher the plane itself SUBTITLE :   The Crusher . ANDREW COLLIER , CUSTOM CONSTRUCTION :   Anything could go through anything . Today The American Airlines jet I flew in actually my first one that The American Airlines jet I flew in ’ve actually SUBTITLE:   . SUBTITLE :   The Crusher Arabian airlines    is being destroyed after being stripped for parts . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   You probably heard of crop circles , SUBTITLE:   ( ph ) Airlines from around the world For " 10 Out of 10 " today , behold this ice , ice , baby .   The rare and beautiful ice circle .   Check out this ice as the river revolves it .   It ’s a natural phenomenon . While some meteorologists say this form in eddies where water moves in a circular shape , scientists believe ice circles are caused by slowly melting chunks of water that spin as they sink , this ice a circular shape at the this ice border . this ice wonder why passersby freeze at the sight of it .   It ’s an indisputably cool discovery , positively edifying , and though I got to go , my head is spinning y’ all .   scientists feel like I ’ve been talking in circles . We hope you all circle back with us tomorrow , carving out 10 minutes again it CNN 10 .   I ’m Carl Azuz . Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 program . CNN 10 serves a growing CNN interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the We or in the classroom . CNN show ’s priority CNN to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and CNN 10 Thursday’s show into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN Thursday’s show 