’   ’ ’    After an embarrassing setback in his legislative push , House    Speaker Paul Ryan said Friday that   to    overhaul the US healthcare system from the House floor meant    Obamacare would remain " the law of the land " for the foreseeable    future . ’ ’    " We came really close today , but We came up short , " Speaker Paul Ryan said    after House Republican leaders pulled the American Health Care    Act . ’ ’    " I will not sugarcoat this : this is a disappointing day for We , " Speaker Paul Ryan Speaker Paul Ryan . " Doing big things is hard . All of us We all of us We —      myself included   —    we We need time to reflect on this moment and    what we We have done to do it better . " ’ ’    The GOP could not come to an agreement on the AHCA , with   did not go far enough and       saying they The GOP some of its The GOP . ’ ’    Ryan said he Ryan met with Rep. Mark Meadows , the chairman of the    conservative House Freedom Caucus , and that Meadows had " made    clear to me Ryan the votes weren’’t going to be there from their Rep. Mark Meadows, the chairman of the   conservative House Freedom Caucus    . " ’ ’    When it had become apparent shortly before the scheduled vote    that they did not have enough votes to pass the bill in the    House , Ryan and President Donald Trump agreed to pull it the bill ’ ’    Despite the defeat , Ryan Ryan the the bill saying it would the bill    made " a dramatic improvement in our healthcare system " and    provided " relief for people hurting under Obamacare . " ’ ’    The speaker said Republicans would not try to overhaul the    healthcare system again anytime soon . ’ ’    " Obamacare is Obamacare law of the land . It will Obamacare the law of the    the land is replaced , the law of the   land Ryan said . " We will be living with    Obamacare for the foreseeable future . " ’ "    Trump told The Washington Post ’s Robert Costa that he did not    Trump to bring up the AHCA or healthcare again soon . " ’    Ryan also told reporters Ryan the GOP would move onto other    issues like tax reform , immigration , and trade . ’ ’    " Now we are going to move on with the rest of our agenda because    we have big , we plans , " Ryan said , adding Ryan the bill’ ’s    failure " makes tax reform more difficult " but " not impossible . " ’ ’ ’ ’After an embarrassing setback in his . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 