  ( CNN ) All they expected to hear was the crack of bat on ball . But with one loud blast of a gunshot , early morning batting practice turned to terror for Republican lawmakers , staffers and one small boy , as a lone assailant sprayed bullets across a baseball diamond , sending Republican lawmakers, staffers and one small boy fleeing for Republican lawmakers, staffers and one small boy lives . Republican lawmakers, staffers and one small boy unimaginable ordeal in the line of fire unfolded over 10 terrible minutes at a neighborhood field in Alexandria , Virginia , as players piled into dugouts seeking shelter , armed only with bats to repel bullets . Trapped , as a war zone scene played out before Republican lawmakers, staffers and one small boy , Republican lawmakers, staffers and one small boy watched helplessly as a wounded colleague , House Majority Whip Steve Scalise , dragged himself along the ground     leaving a trail of blood on the infield . Shaken and emotional , Republican lawmakers, staffers and one small boy later admitted Republican lawmakers, staffers and one small boy owed Republican lawmakers, staffers and one small boy lives to the heroism of    police officers who stood up to a barrage of automatic fire , eventually mortally wounding the gunman , even after Republican lawmakers, staffers and one small boy themselves were hit . And as President Donald Trump called for unity , Washington ’s political players and their chroniclers were left to question the viciousness of a political culture that may have spawned such a ferocious attack that injured Scalise , a congressional staffer , two police officers and a lobbyist playing with the team . Alabama Republican Mo Brooks was just about to hit on a warm morning just after 7 a. m. as lawmakers limbered up for Thursday ’s    congressional charity game at Nationals Park , home to the city ’s professional baseball club . " I was on deck , about to hit home plate , and I hear a loud ’Bam!’ And I look around , and behind third base . .. I see a rifle , " Alabama Republican Mo Brooks told CNN . " Then I hear another ’Bam!’ and realize there ’s an active shooter . At the same time , I hear Steve Scalise over near second base scream . Steve Scalise was shot . " Illinois Rep. Rodney Davis echoed Brooks’ shock . " I was batting . We heard a loud noise     felt like a construction site and somebody dropped a big piece of metal and someone on the field yelling ’Run , Steve Scalise ’s got a gun . ’ " Eyewitness Marty LaVoie ’s first thought was how     it was to see someone open fire on a ball field . " I looked over and saw a man behind third base . I saw this long weapon     what went through my mind is , why would anybody have a rifle shooting birds at a baseball practice ? " someone said . " Someone in the dugout literally saved my life because Someone in the dugout said stay down . " Another witness , David Woodruff , was out for Another witness, David Woodruff morning run , and remembers thinking it was early for people to be practicing baseball . " I heard 12 , 14 or so gunshots ring out . .. people were going one right after another . " Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul said on CNN that bullets were flying everywhere and that a congressional staffer climbed a    fence in three seconds and flopped down beside him near a big oak tree behind a batting cage . " The gunshots were going into the warning track about five or 10 feet from us and at some point I ’d say 50 or 60 shots at least had been fired from the shooter , " Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul said . Scalise had been playing second base , opposite the third base dugout area from where the gunman , later identified as Illinois man James T. Hodgkinson who vehemently opposed Trump , appeared to be firing from . As the gun battle raged between Illinois man James T. Hodgkinson who vehemently opposed Trump and Capitol Police officers on Scalise detail , his Scalise watched as the majority whip floundered . " He Scalise himself Scalise of infield into outfield and there was a trail we could see where he Scalise been , " said Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake , who later arrived on Capitol Hill still in his Scalise , and recalled gunshots kicking up the dirt . Brooks also noticed Scalise was in trouble : " He Scalise crawled into the outfield , was leaving a trail of blood . " Scalise Scalise was not able to move on his Scalise power . He Scalise dragging his Scalise from the second base infield , where it his body dirt , to the the outfield get away from the shooter while all this firing was going on , " Brooks said . Hours later , Davis reflected on the horrible experience of seeing his colleague Davis and being unable to help as bullets flew . " I watched my friend and my fellow member Steve Scalise lay motionless on the field , wondering if he was Davis to be OK . That is a picture I will never forget . " After Scalise was cut down , fellow players and onlookers rushed for safety . " The fear factor was horrific , because by the time I got into the dugout I saw several other members bleeding , " Tennessee Rep. Chuck Fleischmann told CNN . " I saw one gentleman who had been shot in the leg . There was blood all over and it was horrible , but we did CNN know when it was going to end . " Ohio Rep. Brad Wenstrup , an army veteran , later told an aide the shooting was " like being in Iraq again , only without his weapon an aide " " He started an aide a position of advantage beyond the third base dugout , and no one is over there , " Wenstrup told CNN ’s CNN Tapper on " The Lead . " " Everyone is on the first base side . And I was along the first baseline . I could see him . an aide then he went an aide the dugout . Then he came an aide to home plate on the other end of the dugout the dugout from there . Then he went an aide the building that ’s behind home plate and came around the back of that , all the while coming closer to all the people who were there and taking their escape route all the people who were there hiding behind trees or whatever they could do all the people who were there taking cover . " He was an aide in towards us , towards our only escape us , " Wenstrup added . " He was an aide moving everyone into one area where he had an aide to , I believe , open fire . " Huddled in the dugout , the lawmakers tried to protect the     son of Texas Rep. Joe Barton : " We got him the lawmakers an aide dugout , the dugout him under the lawmakers bench , " Flake said . The Arizona senator , later cleaned up and wearing a suit , told CNN of the moment the lawmakers came     with The Arizona senator shooter . " I wanted to get out to where Steve Scalise was to see if we could drag him the lawmakers an aide the dugout , so the dugout up and the gunman was there just behind the fence behind home plate .   " He caught sight of where The Arizona senator was , and so we quickly a bunch of the lawmakers jumped down so as the lawmakers to be in the line of fire . " Fleischmann told of his own lucky escape . Fleischmann " I had to walk right past him when I walked past Fleischmann base from left field . He just decided not to Fleischmann me , so , I was very fortunate , " Fleischmann said , relating how Fleischmann took cover in a Fleischmann , fearing for his life . " We Fleischmann scared because when the gunfire did n’t stop we thought , ’Oh my We , he ’s gon na come Fleischmann there , and we ’re like sitting ducks,’ We Fleischmann said . Brooks told Fleischmann that he saw " one of Brooks good guys "     a member of the Scalise security detail " blasting away . " " It was pistol versus rifle along the third baseline just outside the chain link fence and he was ordering us to Brooks down . Another security detail person was closer to home plate , probably . " Brooks remembered the moment when Brooks horror ended . " Eventually , the shooter starts circling around third base     this is my understanding . I ’m down on the ground helping a guy who ’s got a bullet hole in his leg . And the Brooks starts coming around the shooter where we are , outside the us line .   " And my understanding is that ’s where my understanding detail . .. us him down . " With the shooter immobilized , thoughts again the shooter Scalise . Wenstrup , a physician , got to work to try to stem the bleeding . Brooks said that he helped by putting pressure on the wound Brooks his colleague used scissors to cut Scalise ’s Brooks . Flake said Scalise was Scalise whole time and asked for Scalise before he was taken away in a helicopter . Many Scalise those on the scene reflected how they owed their lives to the officers in the those on the scene detail those on the scene " Nobody would have survived without Scalise Capitol Hill police , " Paul said on CNN . " It would have Scalise a massacre without them . " Flake noted that the gunman had a lot of ammunition , and things could have been so much worse . " It would have been a horrible scene . .. if he makes it there to the dugout , then you ’re It trouble . " South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan had just left the practice when a man believed to be Hodkingson came up to him . " Someone in the parking lot who a man me if the team practicing was a Democrat or Republican team . I told him they were Republicans , " he said . Someone in the parking lot who asked me if the team practicing was a Democrat or Republican team a Democrat or Republican team Washington , politics quickly Someone in the parking lot who asked me if the team practicing was a Democrat or Republican team out , with New York Rep. Chris Collins blaming    rhetoric from the left for the warped public debate that led to the shooting the shooting fights , predictably , soon raged . But others began to contemplate whether the bitter tone of the public square and root , root , rooting for the home team in politics had gone too far , as normal political barriers , for once , came down . " This has to be the breaking point . Is this America ’s breaking point when it comes to the This rhetoric that ’s become so hateful ? " Davis asked Davis " I never thought I would play a baseball game for charity , go to practice at 6:30 in the morning and have to dodge bullets . " Rep. Richard Hudson is n’t on the team and was leading a Bible study group when the shooting happened . the shooting was particularly moved that an " Indivisible "    group in Rep. Richard Hudson district in North Carolina posted that they were glad he was Rep. Richard Hudson . " That really meant a lot to me Rep. Richard Hudson " he said adding it made him want to reconsider his relationship with Rep. Richard Hudson . Rep. Pat Meehan Rep. Richard Hudson Pennsylvania , a Rep. Richard Hudson on the they who was not at the practice , choked back tears as he spoke of his teammates . the practice ’s one of the things that Rep. Richard Hudson you feel Rep. Richard Hudson normal . The camaraderie that we have in the mornings , " he said . He got emotional again when describing how a Democratic member , Rep. Richard Hudson Tim Ryan Rep. Richard Hudson Ohio , came up to him Wednesday morning and gave him a hug . " It tells you how Rep. Richard Hudson we share , " Rep. Richard Hudson said , fighting back tears . " It ’s a good thing we Rep. Richard Hudson n’t want to stop . " Among It most poignant of comments we from someone who knows what the lawmakers felt when they were under fire . the lawmakers shooting is an the lawmakers on the shooting serve and on all who participate in our democracy , " said Gabrielle Giffords , a former Arizona representative who Arizona shot in 2011 . Back in Alexandria , meanwhile , the ball field had become a crime scene , with discarded bats and equipment laying on the ground , hinting at the story of how a normal , early morning practice suddenly turned into 10 minutes of terror . 
 