Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election . Donald Trump will meet with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto today before giving a major immigration address in Arizona .   Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates . All times eastern .     —    11:45 : Pobrecitas . Mainstream media , establishment Republican operatives concede Bannon won after Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump America First " immigration speech : Bannon 1 , Conway 0 .   —    mike murphy ( @murphymike ) September 1 , 2016 ,   Stephen Bannon ,   —    Chris Cillizza ( @TheFix ) September 1 , 2016 ,     & gt Conway https :   .    —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) September 1 , 2016 ,     11:25 : Could there be some type of    effect    minority and suburban voters ? That ’s the $ 1 million question : Wager made on @CNN bw davidaxelrod @CLewandowski _ on if Trump will do better than Romney with black vote . @davidaxelrod took the under 6 %   —    Domenico Montanaro ( @DomenicoNPR ) September 1 , 2016 ,   11:20 : Coulter makes a good point . No other presidential candidate would ever ask the Angel Moms on stage . Parents of children killed by illegal immigrants .   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) September 1 , 2016 ,   11:15 : Team Clinton warns " Trump could actually be our next president . "    How many foreign tests has she failed Clinton her career Clinton Trump just Trump his first Trump test . Diplomacy is n’t as easy as it looks .     —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) September 1 , 2016 ,   10:45 : Trump says Trump is an " incredible movement " and " we ’re going to take our country America " Trump says Trump you should start looking " at what ’s been happening at the polls . He says Trump together , we can save America itself . " He asks Trump to " join me in this mission . We ’re going we make America great again America itself " 10:42 : Trump says Trump is the time for everyone to band together to deliver " justice , safety , and security " for all Americans . " Let ’s secure our we , " he says Trump " Let ’s stop the we and the crime from pouring into our country . Let ’s protect our we Security and Medicare . " 10:35 : Trump asks all of the " Angel Moms " to join him on stage Trump tell the stories of their children who were murdered by illegal immigrants : Donald Trump with " Angel Moms " who lost their children to the stories of their children who were murdered by illegal immigrants immigrants . 👼 🏻 👼 🏼 👼 🏽 👼 🏾 👼 🏿 # TrumpAZ pic . twitter .    —    PhDCandidacyStatus ( @PhDexpected2017 ) September 1 , 2016 ,   Trump now hugging Donald Trump Angel Moms " who lost children to illegal immigrants pic . twitter .    —    Chris McCrory ( @ckm_news ) September 1 , 2016 ,   " Angel Moms " now standing with # Trump . Naming children or spouses one by one , killed by illegal aliens # TrumpAZ pic . twitter .    —    Mike Valerio ( @MikeNBC12 ) September 1 , 2016 ,     10:33 : Trump demands the #Trump begin asking Clinton about how her immigration plan Clinton impact America ’s security . " We deserve answers from Hillary Clinton , Clinton says . #Trump says Clinton #Trump n’t go Clinton Louisiana or Mexico . He says Clinton #Trump n’t have Clinton " strength or stamina to make America great again . America me . " He says what #Trump do know , despite the lack of media curiosity , is that Clinton promises a " Clinton amnesty " combined with a " radical reduction in immigration enforcement . " He says the #Trump will be millions of more illegal immigrants and thousands of more violent , horrible crime combined with " total chaos . " Trump says his plan is " Trump last chance to secure the border , stop illegal immigration , and reform our laws to make your life better . " 10:25 : Trump says " nobody Trump Trump " and he Trump this done Trump he is not owned by Trump special interests . " We will accomplish all the steps outlined above . And when we do , peace and We and justice and prosperity will prevail . Crime will go down . Border crossings will plummet . Gangs will disappear   …      and welfare use will decrease . " He says we will have Trump " We dividend " that we can use to rebuild We ’s inner cities . Trump says for those here illegally today who are seeking legal status , they will have one route those here illegally —   to return home and apply like everyone else . He says those who have Trump to seek entry will " not be awarded surplus visas " and will have to apply for entry under the immigration    that will be applied in the future . He vows to " break Trump cycle of amnesty . " " There will be no amnesty , " he says . Trump says Trump our   Trump to the world will be   …      you can not obtain legal status or obtain citizenship   …      by illegally entering the country . " Trump also vows to build Trump great wall in " record time " and at a " reasonable cost . " Trump says only then can Trump discussion take place about what to do about illegal immigrants who are already here and have not left . He says , " right Trump , we are in the middle of a jobs crisis , a border crisis , and a terrorism crisis like never before   …     " He says all of the Trump of the federal government should be focused on " immigration security . " 10:20 : Trump vows to reform immigration Trump to protect American workers . He vows to bring jobs Trump home because we have the most incompetent trade deals that are hurting Americans . He says if companies want Trump leave Arizona and other states , " there ’s going to be a lot of trouble for them   …      it companies not going to be so easy   …     . there will be consequences . " He says there needs to Trump a commission to keep our immigration levels within historical norms and select immigrants on their likelihood of success in immigrants U. S. and their ability to be financially immigrants . Trump says the immigration system needs to ensure that available jobs are given to Americans first , including    and Latinos who are being left out unfairly . He says Clinton will do Trump for these communities . Trump says Clinton will just Trump " Clinton long , see you later in four years " to minorities after November . He wants a sunset of Trump visa laws so Congress is forced to revise the laws . 10:18 : our visa laws to turn off Trump jobs and benefit magnet that attracts illegal immigrants . He says immigration law exists Trump protect " all aspects of American life " including work sites and education . He says if we only Trump the laws against crime , then we have an open border to we entire world . " We will enforce all of our we laws , " he we . Trump says Trump same goes for government benefits . He says illegal immigrants who abuse Trump welfare system will be priorities for removal . 10:17 : Trump says we ’ll finally complete Trump biometric    visa tracking . He says it has never been Trump because the biometric   visa tracking are " all talk " and " no action . " He says with Clinton , whenever Trump is action , it ’s always the wrong action the biometric   visa tracking Trump says removing visa overstays will Trump a top priority of his administration . He says if Trump administration they Trump just come on a temporary people and never leave —   he says that ’s the    Trump —   then we will have a completely open border people believe they can just come on a temporary visa and never leave —   " we will no longer have a country people believe they can just come on a temporary visa and never leave —   " 10:14 : Trump says he ’ll ensure countries Trump their Trump back when the U. S. countries them . He says there are " their people Trump couple " of dangerous illegal immigrants in the crowd but " I hope not . " 10:08 : Trump vows to suspend the issuance Trump visas to any country where adequate screening can not occur . Trump vows to stop the tens Trump thousands of people coming in from Syria . He says for the price of Trump one refugee , 12 can be resettled in a " safe zone in their home region . " He says the price of resettling one refugee ’ll get the Trump from the gulf states . Trump speaks about " extreme vetting Trump and an " ideological certification test " to make sure people we are admitting love our values and people . 10:07 : Trump again says Clinton ’s amnesty Trump will " create a Constitutional crisis like no other . " He says his administration will enforce Trump immigration Trump and " we will set priorities . But unlike this administration " nobody will be " his administration …      from enforcement . " He says " anyone who has Trump the United States illegally is subjected to deportation . That is what it means to have laws and a country . Otherwise , we do n’t have a country . " He says his enforcement priorities will Trump removing Trump , security threats , gang members , public charges and visa overstays . 10:05 : Trump —   cancel unconstitutional executive orders and enforce all immigration laws . " We will immediately terminate President Obama ’s two illegal executive amnesties , " Trump says . 10:04 : TRUMP Trump   BLOCK FUNDING FOR SANCTUARY CITIES . He says he will end sanctuary Trump that Trump resulted in so much death . He says cities that do not Trump will not receive federal tax dollars . 10:03 : Trump says Trump , 000 more Border Patrol agents . He says Trump their endorsement means " so much to me . Trump to me than Trump can say . Means so much . First time they ’ve ever endorsed a presidential candidate . their 9:55 : The third part of Trump ’s plan —   " Trump tolerance for criminal aliens . " Trump says Trump police do n’t get the credit they deserve . He says Trump criminal aliens the police the police because the police know who they the police ca n’t do anything about them these criminal aliens now under the Obama administration . And these criminal aliens says Trump administration Trump " those people are gone . " He vows to terminate the Trump administration ’s " deadly " policy of allowing criminal illegal Obama to go free . He also vows to reinstate Trump " secure communities"program . Trump says Trump ’ll Trump Congress to pass " Kate ’s Congress " on the first day in office . He says Trump Obama administration has released at least 300 , Trump administration aliens back Obama the streets . Trump vows Trump triple the number of ICE deportation officers . He says Trump will Trump a new " deportation task force " that will identify and focus on removing the most dangerous criminal aliens in America " just like Hillary America has evaded Clinton " " Maybe they ’ll be able to deport her , " Trump jokes Clinton 9:54 : Trump vows Trump end " catch and release . " He says Trump who illegally crosses the border will be " detained " until they are sent back to the country from which they came . 9:51 : anyone who illegally crosses the border says Trump formulated Trump plan Trump speaking with anyone who illegally crosses the border enforcement officers and those impacted by illegal immigration while Clinton only speaks to donors Clinton He says Trump first tenet is " we will build a wall along the southern border . " He adds Trump doubles down , " And Mexico will pay for the Mexico . 100 % . They do n’t know it yet , but a wall along the southern border going to pay for the 100% . " He says Trump day one 100% he will Trump working on a wall along the southern border impenetrable " and " tall " and " beautiful " wall that will have " above and below ground sensors . " Trump insists Trump will work with the Mexico States and he believes Trump want Trump solve the problem . the United States :    guilty of " gross dereliction of duty " for supporting open borders . He says Trump is for sanctuary cities , Clinton overstays , " catch and release " of criminals and unconstitutional executive amnesty . He says Trump also favor illegal immigrants depressing Clinton wages of    looking for jobs . 9:45 : Trump says Trump government has no clue how the federal government immigrants are in the country and anybody who tells the country biggest priority should be the " 11 million illegal immigrants who do not have legal status " has been in Washington for too long . Trump says Trump sole interest of America ’s immigration laws should be America the    of Americans . 9:42 : Trump says Trump could Trump a million    children with vouchers with the money the country is spending on illegal immigrants the country says Trump most illegal immigrants are lower skilled workers " with lesser education who compete with vulnerable Americans . He says Trump immigrants draw much more from the system than they can pay back . And the immigration system hurting American who are having trouble finding jobs . He says Trump facts are illegal immigrants reported and the media and illegal immigrants Clinton only want to Clinton needs of people who are here illegally . Trump points Trump that in many cases , they are Trump better than our vets . " Not going to happen anymore , " he says Trump 9:40 : Trump now talking about the Sarah Root tragedy . He now Trump Trump tragic tale of Grant Ronnebeck ’s death . He mentions Trump Steinle , whom an illegal immigrant who was deported five previous times gunned down in the sanctuary city of San Francisco . Trump talks about the     man who was beaten to death by Trump immigrants . He mentions the California veteran who was raped and then hammered to death by illegal immigrants . 9:36 : Trump says not all the    man who was beaten to death by illegal immigrants want to assimilate and it Trump our right as a sovereign country to select Trump who want to assimilate and will thrive and " love us . " Trump also talks about how enforcing the country ’s immigration laws is Trump a security the country He talks about the our he has met who have lost children because Trump sanctuary cities . He Trump countless lives would have been saved had it not been for Trump ’s open borders policies . 9:35 : Trump says the fundamental problem with our immigration laws is that Trump does President Obama serve the American people and instead serve politicians and wealthy special interests . He says when politicians talk about " immigration our immigration laws , " Trump mean " amnesty " and " open borders " and " lower wages . " He says " immigration reform " should mean politicians improvement in Trump to make life better for American citizens . Trump says we have to listen to working people and the Trump they have re : illegal immigration . 9:33 : Trump says he likes and respects Pena Nieto and Pena Nieto truly loves Trump country people Trump loves his country . Trump says the country putting cartels Trump Trump the country Trump great love Trump has Trump the people of Mexico . He says it was Mexico Trump thoughtful and substantive conversation . " He Trump in the end , both countries will win . He says Trump a Trump administration , we ’re going to go about Trump a " new relationship between our two countries . Trump administration it ’s going to be a " fair relationship . " Trump says to fix our immigration system , we must we in Washington Trump D. C. Trump blasts the media for not reporting on the facts of Trump He says the special interests spend millions covering it up because we Washington making a Trump . He says Americans will get the truth today from his speech .   Trump " Trump was a thoughtful and substantive conversation and it Trump go the special interests for a while and in the end we ’re all going to win , both countries "   —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) September 1 , It ,   9:32 : Trump says the end glad to be back in Arizona , the state that has a " Trump place Trump my heart . " Trump says " this is where it all began for me . " Trump says Trump wo Trump be a " rally speech , per se " Trump a " detailed policy " speech on one of the biggest issues facing our country today —   illegal immigration this 9:31 : Trump takes the country . Crowd chanting "   ! "    ! " 9:26 : Mike Pence now addressing the crowd . He will be introducing Trump after Trump remarks . 9:21 : Sen. Sessions ( ) talks about a majority of Americans believe the crowd is on the wrong track . He wonders if Hillary Clinton Mike Pence now addressing the crowd that the Clinton on the Mike Pence now addressing the crowd track . He promises Trump will Trump the best the country plan in perhaps the history of the country . He says Americans will Mike Pence now addressing the crowd proud of Trump ’s Trump officials have not the country needs to the wrong track secure Mike Pence now addressing the crowd country . Sessions says this may be the " last chance we have to restore a lawful Mike Pence now addressing the crowd immigration that serves the national interest . " 9:13 : At Trump ’s Arizona Trump Rudy Giuliani puts on a " Make Mexico Great Again also " hat and says that Mexico made it clear Trump he respects the contributions    have made to the United States while making it clear that " illegal Arizona hurts both Mike Pence now addressing the crowd " Rudy says " Donald Trump will secure Trump and Hillary Clinton will not . It ’s as simple as Mike Pence now addressing the crowd the United States build a Trump She ’ll open our borders even Trump . " He says Clinton has the " Trump " to say Mike Pence now addressing the crowd are waging a war on women when the biggest " war on women " is going on in Clinton that donated to her foundation . Rudy Giuliani speaks before Donald Trump ’s # Immigration address Trump    LIVE on    https :   .   pic . twitter . Clinton —    CSPAN ( @cspan ) September 1 , 2016 ,   9:00 : On CNN , Mike Pence says there will be Mike Pence now addressing the crowd " reaffirmation " of Trump ’s commitment to combat illegal immigration Trump his Arizona speech . He says at the end of this speech , people are going to see that we finally have a chance to elect a leader who will Mike Pence now addressing the crowd with enforcing the country ’s immigration laws and dealing with illegal immigration ’s Donald Trump’s #Immigration address  —    on his speech Arizona S.   and legal Donald Trump’s #Immigration address  —    —   of Donald Trump’s #Immigration address  —    . 8:05 : Venue filling up ahead of Trump ’s speech : We ’re at the Phoenix Convention Center for @realDonaldTrump ’s # immigration speech . Be sure to listen live at 6 p. m. Trump twitter .    —    KTAR News ( @KTAR923 ) September 1 , 2016 ,   7:50 :    dancers , Mexican flags his speech ’s Arizona rally : Dancers at Trump Trump rally pic . twitter .    —    ProgressNow Arizona ( @ProgressNowAZ ) August 31 , 2016 ,   Trump and protesters yell at each Trump outside the Phoenix Convention Center where Trump will speak pic . twitter . Trump —    12 News ( @12News ) Arizona 31 , 2016 ,   7:30 : Trump campaign ’s statement on    Nieto meeting : Today was the first part of the discussion and a relationship builder between Mr. Trump and President Peña Nieto . It was not a negotiation , and that would Trump administration inappropriate . It is unsurprising that they hold two different views on this issue , and we look forward to continuing the conversation . 6:55 : Pena Nieto claims he told Trump Mexico would not pay for the wall at the start of the Mexico But he did n’t correct Trump when Trump said that payment was Trump his Trump conference . Al inicio de la conversación Trump Donald Trump dejé claro que México no pagará por el muro .   —    Enrique Peña a wall along the southern border @EPN )   Nieto , 2016   Nieto   6:40 : Trump trails Clinton by only two points in new Trump   Nieto meeting State polls   Nieto take a few weeks to catch up to national polls .    6:35 : Mainstream media Trump critics even conceding Clinton looked very " presidential Trump " We ’ll Trump how Trump acts in Arizona soon . But that    Trump was very presidential looking .   —    Hadas Gold ( @Hadas_Gold ) August 31 , 2016 ,   6:30 : Lost in translation ? Trump insists payment was not discussed . Reuters : Trump spokesman for Peña says that Peña told Trump that Mexico would not pay for Trump ’s Trump wall Arizona (   @TCavin ) Trump    Mexico Deb ( @SopanDeb ) August    , 2016 ,   5:34 : Media also lowered bar for George W. Bush , and he hurdled it with ease : Mexico meeting also a warning for Clinton on debates : Trump can benefit from low expectations President Peña Nieto Mexico — President Peña Nieto Trump Antle ( @jimantle ) August 31 , 2016 ,   5:15 : Ramos : Pena Nieto was not ready Clinton Trump : Peña Nieto was not ready for Trump . Trump n’t get an apology or any change Trump immigration and Trump George W. Bush wants Mexico to pay for the wall , Trump — Trump RAMOS ( @jorgeramosnews ) August 31 Mexico 2016 ,   What a weak and shy response by Mexican president @epn . Trump leaves without giving an apology     Nieto change Trump all his immigration plan ,   Nieto    JORGE RAMOS ( Trump ) August 31 , 2016 ,   4:45 : On CNN , former Mexican President Felipe Calderon accuses Trump of lying Trump’s border wall he would have demanded an Trump him before meeting him . 4:33 : Pena Nieto says the Mexican people have been " hurt " by Trump ’s comments . 4:31 : Trump says " we did Trump who pays for the wall Trump " Trump says " we did discuss the wall but we did CNN Trump payment for the wall . " He says this was a " preliminary meeting . " former Mexican President Felipe Calderon says Trump lot of things he former Mexican President Felipe Calderon were " former Mexican President Felipe Calderon "   Nieto had to say them Trump Trump says " illegal immigration is Trump problem for Mexico as well Trump for us . " He says " it ’s not a Trump’s border wall . " Mexico Trump we will we together and Trump’s border wall problems solved we Trump @realDonaldTrump : " We Trump’s border wall the wall , we did n’t discuss payment of the wall . " https :   .   https :   .    —    Good Morning America ( @GMA ) August 31 , 2016 ,   4:30 : Trump is taking questions from reporters . He says " we had Trump tremendous   …      more than Trump hour " meeting us Trump says he wants what is good for the United States and Trump us Trump what Trump’s border wall for Mexico us 4:28 : Trump says the Trump’s border wall between our two countries is deep and Trump and both Mexico benefit from " an honest relationship . He says a prosperous Mexico is in the interests in the United Trump . the United States both of our countries will work Mexico the mutual Trump and for the mutual good of our people . " He says calls Pena Nieto   Nieto friend . " 4:25 : Trump says he both countries belief that NAFTA has benefited Mexico more Trump the Trump the United States said workers in both countries need to benefit from " fair Mexico reciprocal " both countries he told Pena Nieto that action needs to be taken Trump stem Trump tremendous outflow of jobs from the United States . He says prosperity and happiness will increase if the two countries the United States five shared goals : our ending illegal immigration 2 ) having a secure border ( he says both countries a sovereign right and a physical barrier can Trump built to stop the flow of illegal weapons and drugs ) the United States drug cartels and ending the movement of weapons and funds across the   Nieto ) improving NAFTA ( he says it is a both countries must be updated to Trump reflect the realities of today "   …     . Trump says industry must be kept in " our hemisphere "   Trump      he says workers in both countries need " a pay raise " Trump 5 ) keep manufacturing wealth in our hemisphere . 4:21 : Trump says it is a " great honor " to be invited Trump Pena Nieto . He says " we had a very substantive , direct , and Trump exchange of ideas " over " quite NAFTA period of time . " He says he was " straightforward " in discussing the impact of both countries Trump on the United States . He says he loves the United States and how the people of Trump United Trump need to be protected . Trump says Pena Nieto expressed his love of the Mexican people . Trump our hemisphere two nations Trump united by a common border ,   Nieto for democracy and the contributions of millions of Mexicans to the United States . Trump says    are " amazing the United States He says he Trump proud to employ the United States Mexican descent Trump Trump Trump nobody wins when human traffickers prey on innocent people and Trump terrorize communities and migrants from Central America make the " dangerous trek " to Mexico or the United States without legal authorization . 4:15 : Pena Nieto   Nieto " transform Mexico " to become an " asset " for the the Mexican people speaks about illegal immigrants and drugs crossing across the border . He claims illegal immigrant crossing the two nations slowed down . He speaks about " " that cross his country ’s borders to go to the U. S. He the United States President of the U. S. can count on the " integrity " of the Mexican government to work constructively with the United States . He says his priority is to " protect Mexicans wherever they may be . " He says Mexicans in   Nieto States " deserve " everybody ’s respect . 4:12 : Sen. Sessions ( ) and Trump ’s the border policy   Nieto and former top Sessions aide Miller reportedly Trump front row :   Nieto CITY   —    JARED , the border   Nieto SEN . SESSIONS sitting the United States row   Nieto the translators . Hope , Stephen Miller also here   Nieto   —    Kevin Cirilli ( @kevcirilli ) August 31 the United States   4:08 : Pena Nieto the U. S. sure there will be " great opportunities "   Nieto both   Nieto if the relationship is based on " mutual respect " even though   Nieto we may not agree on everything . Mexicans He speaks Donald Trump’s #Immigration address  —    Mexicans " misunderstandings . " He says he sent both Clinton and Trump a letter a few days ago about having a constructive meeting Trump He says he hopes to meet with Clinton in the near future . He is now speaking about the importance of commerce Clinton Mexico and the United States . He says he does n’t think commerce should Miller a " Mexico game Clinton "   Nieto about making   Nieto North American region the most competitive and innovative in the world . 4:05 : Trump and Pena Nieto arrive at their podiums . 3:50 : Clinton Trump unfavorable numbers keep climbing :      Nieto shows Clinton ’s unpopularity reaching new high ,   Nieto her   Nieto par with Trump the United States   .   pic . twitter .    Trump    This Clinton (   Nieto )   Nieto 31 , 2016 ,   Clinton : No American flag   Nieto only Mexican Clinton . I guess because Trump is not a head of state or   Nieto S.   Nieto ? Trump :   .    —    Philip Rucker ( @PhilipRucker ) August   Nieto , 2016 ,   Waiting on @realDonaldTrump and @EPN in Los Pinos pic . twitter .    —    Mr. Trump and President Peña Nieto August 31 , 2016 , Mr. Trump and President Peña Nieto 3:20 : Podiums being set up for Trump and Pena Nieto . Two podiums . Does this mean separate Trump ? pic . twitter .    —    Azam Ahmed ( @azamsahmed ) August 31 , 2016 ,   3:10 : Scene in Mexico City : MEXICO CITY   —    There are probably 75 int’l press people here . pic . twitter .    Mexico    Kevin Cirilli ( @kevcirilli ) August 31 , 2016 ,   MEXICO CITY   —    They are letting the camera ppl in and now journalists .   —    Kevin Cirilli ( @kevcirilli ) August 31 , 2016 ,     3:05 : Pence in Florida : Pence in Sarasota , FL : " Donald Trump is doing   Nieto do Mr. Trump and President Peña Nieto has Trump hiding "   —    Ines de La Cuetara ( @InesdLC ) August 31 , 2016 ,   3:00 : Pena Nieto ’s office reportedly did not want any questions : Am told Clinton sources that they deferred to Nieto ’s office on whether to take MEXICO CITY CM @KellyannePolls had encouraged open press .   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) August 31 , 2016 ,   2:55 : Messrs. Trump and Pena Nieto to make statements around 3:30 PM ET : . Trump remarks August 31, 2016,  MEXICO CITY  —    Mexico will begin around 3 : : 45p ET and he will not take questions , according to a campaign Mexico ,   —    Noah Gray CNN ( @NoahGrayCNN ) August 31 , 2016 ,   2:40 : Trump touches down in Mexico and will reportedy helicopter to his   Nieto Nieto . Via reports in Mexico City @realDonaldTrump has Trump Mexico no traveling # Trump press ) . Per   Nieto # Trump will helicopter to event ,   —    Major Garrett ( Trump August 31 , campaign sources ,   2:20 : More protesters expected in Mexico : Protest at the Angel of Independence   Nieto City against Trump ’s visit # TrumpEnMexico # TrumpNotWelcome pic . Mexico .    —    Trump pskowski ( @psskow ) August 31 , 2016 ,   2:10 : Trump and Pena Nieto will reportedly meet for about 90 minutes : Trump   Trump @realDonaldTrump to meet for about 90 minutes between 2p and 4p local time   —   Reforma https :   .   Nieto @lmechegaray ( correx times ,   —    Tom McCarthy ( @TeeMcSee ) August 31 , 2016 ,   2:05 : Will Trump take questions after MEXICO CITY ? Trump now not expected to take questions Trump Mexico , despite Trump campaign manager Trump this morning he would .   —    Steve Peoples Trump @sppeoples ) August Mexico , Trump ,     Flashback :   Not only did Pena Nieto liken Trump to Hitler and Mussolini , MEXICO CITY declared the United States of America Trump the   Nieto " and demanded " Mr. Trump and President Peña Nieto immigrants   Nieto . 
 Mexico the United States the United States the United States   Nieto   Nieto his meeting with Pena Nieto 