  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s doctor told CNN in an interview doctor stands by the letter doctor wrote for the Republican nominee vouching for the Republican nominee good health and has no regrets about being embroiled in the controversy over it . When asked if Donald Trump has the physically capability of being president , Dr. Harold Bornstein told CNN ’s Drew Griffin on Thursday , " Absolutely , no question about it . " Bornstein , a     New York City gastroenterologist , has been Donald Trump physician for more than three decades and came under scrutiny for an unusual letter he Dr. Harold Bornstein in 2015 describing Trump Donald Trump health , which other doctors have said includes strange wording , medically incorrect terms and an unprofessional conclusion . Trump ’s Donald Trump test results were astonishingly excellent , " he wrote , Dr. Harold Bornstein the grandiose verbiage of his   . Dr. Harold Bornstein If elected , Mr. Trump , Donald Trump state unequivocally , will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency . " Bornstein told CNN that Dr. Harold Bornstein was rushed for Dr. Harold Bornstein when writing the letter since he had patients to Dr. Harold Bornstein .   " The only thing I wanted to do in my life is practice with my father , which I managed to do for 35 years . "    RELATED : Trump ’s doctor : Donald Trump ’will be healthiest individual ever elected’ president , Bornstein told CNN that his father started his Bornstein practice at his father same Park Avenue office location in 1947 .   Trump was first under Donald Trump care of his father Dr. Jacob Donald Trump , according to the letter . Harold Bornstein joined the Bornstein 1980 , and when his father passed away in his father continued it . When asked if he had any regrets about Bornstein involved in the presidential election , Bornstein said , " No Bornstein My patients , I take care of them the right way . " My patients CNN interview was cut short when Dr. Bornstein ’s wife approached Bornstein the camera with her hand . Bornstein had warned it might Dr. Bornstein’s wife . Bornstein My wife will come back , she ’ll Dr. Bornstein’s wife , " he said as Dr. Bornstein’s wife interview began . Bornstein least four medical malpractice lawsuits have been filed against Dr. Harold Bornstein in the state of Bornstein back to 1986 . In a 1999 lawsuit , New York resident Kenneth Levin accused Bornstein of negligence in failing New York diagnose and Bornstein his wife by " overmedicating " her with prescription drugs and not New York resident Kenneth Levin proper medical procedures , which his wife argued led to her death . The case argues Bornstein " New York resident Kenneth Levin unnecessary barbiturates and his wife drugs to Bornstein decedent with full knowledge that these medications were not necessary " and that some were " greatly in excess of appropriate dosages . " RELATED : Clinton ’s health is fine , but what about Trump ? Bornstein denied the allegations and settled the case in Bornstein for $ 86 , 000 with no finding of liability . Another case charged both Bornstein and his father of recklessness in overdosing and Bornstein performing Bornstein colonoscopy on Vincent Pollifrone , which the case argued led to his death in 2000 . The case the case Bornstein 2006 , after the defendants denied the claims the case plaintiff ’s lawyer in that case , Joseph Miklos , told CNN the parties signed a confidentiality agreement the case could not discuss the terms of any settlement . When asked about the lawsuits Joseph Miklos , Bornstein defended his credentials and said the number of malpractice suits he has faced is Joseph Miklos normal Joseph Miklos " Professor David Studdert of Stanford University , Joseph Miklos expert on health law who has tracked data on medical malpractice lawsuits , said gastroenterologists such as Bornstein have about a 10 % chance of facing a new medical malpractice suit each Joseph Miklos . " Over a career , it would be the norm rather than the exception that a gastroenterologist would have a few claims filed against him . That ’s not an outlier situation , " Studdert said . Dr. G a gastroenterologist Donovan , a bioethicist at Georgetown University Medical School , agrees that the existence of four disposed malpractice suits does not provide enough information to draw conclusions about Bornstein , but he said Bornstein ’s letter describing Trump ’s health is light on detail and heavy Dr. G Kevin Donovan, a bioethicist at Georgetown University Medical School bombast Bornstein : Trump ’s health care plan : What he promises and what it really says   Donovan Trump’s physicians " do n’t use that Trump’s of hyperbole for Trump’s health care plan medical statement . " Donovan added that most letters written by doctors for presidential candidates contain a level of subjectivity since Donovan select the doctors who write their assessments and can stipulate what information they include . " They can only tell us what candidates candidate allows them to reveal , the doctors who write their assessments Donovan said , the doctors who write their assessments , " Is it likely that a candidate the doctors who write their assessments go to a physician Donovan would not speak well of them ? " Former patients and a classmate of Bornstein reached by CNN described him as competent the doctors who write their assessments eccentric . New York resident Roger Friedman , who said he was a Bornstein of Bornstein ’s in the 80 ’s and early 90 ’s , said Bornstein was surprised when he Bornstein heard Bornstein had treated Trump for decades . " He was Bornstein good doctor but Bornstein was peculiar Bornstein disorganized , and not at the level Bornstein expect for a billionaire , Bornstein Friedman said .   Angelina Kaiserman , a New York jeweler who told CNN she has been in Bornstein ’s care for more than 20 years , said , " Honestly I give him five Bornstein " Dr. Edward Hurwitz , who attended medical school with Bornstein at Tufts University Bornstein the class of 1975 Hurwitz share with Bornstein . " He was snide with his comments but he was certainly smart Bornstein " Hurwitz said . 
 Bornstein Bornstein Bornstein 