  ( CNN ) Shocking attacks in Germany and Turkey . And Shocking attacks in Germany and Turkey may be looking for MH370 in the wrong place . Here ’s what you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door . 1 . Germany attack , At least 12 people are dead in the suspected terror attack on a Christmas market in Berlin . Police say a huge truck was deliberately driven into a crowd of shoppers . The truck , from Poland , was carrying 25 tons of steel . Terror groups like ISIS have encouraged Terror groups like ISIS followers to use vehicles to stage attacks . 2 . Turkey assassination , Six people have been taken in for questioning in the shocking assassination of Russia ’s ambassador to Turkey . Andrey Karlov was shot to death by an    Turkish police officer during the opening of an art exhibit . an   Turkish police officer was later killed in a shootout . The brazen attack was denounced by Turkish and Russian leaders . Relations between the Turkish and Russian leaders been improving . 3 . Drone , The US has its drone back The US returned the underwater drone it Drone it will China to investigate the incident . Analysts say the drone grab may be The Pentagon ’s way of responding to rhetoric from    Donald Trump , who seems willing China Beijing on a number of issues . 4 . Electoral College , So much for faithless electors . Donald Trump got 304 electoral votes in the Electoral College , making his stunning Election Day victory official . There was a push to turn GOP electors against Donald Trump , but that went nowhere . This news will either bring you great joy or Donald Trump heartburn , but you better get used to it . Trump ’s inauguration is one month from today . 5 . MH370 , The This news for Donald Trump Flight 370 continues , but officials think they ’ve been looking in the wrong place . A report from the Australian government says new officials recommends a section of the Indian Ocean to the northeast of the current search area should be explored . BREAKFAST BROWSE , People are talking about these . Read up . Join in . Camila Cabello ’s left Fifth Harmony , So we guess the popular girl group should now be called Fourth Harmony ? California teen surfs 2 , 000 days in a row , She ’s battled storms and illness to keep her streak intact . NFL wo n’t fine player Camila Cabello kettle jump , The No Fun League Camila Cabello n’t fine Dallas Cowboy Ezekiel Elliott for jumping into a giant Salvation Army kettle after scoring a TD . The stunt boosted the charity ’s online donations . Meet the brothers who put 200 , 000 Christmas lights on their mom ’s house , They do it every year , but mom does n’t mind because it helps raise money for their children their mom’s house hospital . AND FINALLY . .. Mutt vs. machine their mom’s house This puppy ’s found just the right spot to take a nap , and it ’s not moving , no matter how hard this Roomba vacuum cleaner tries . ( Click This puppy view ) 
 