’’ ’If Donald Trump arrives at the Republican National Convention with less than a majority of delegates bound to ’If Donald Trump , ’If Donald Trump message will be simple : I got way more votes than anyone else , and party insiders are conspiring against ’If Donald Trump to give the nomination to somebody else.’ ’This complaint will be true , ’This complaint will be valid , and    Republicans will dismiss ’This complaint at Republicans peril.’ " There has been a weird epidemic of shortsighted schadenfreude among Republican insiders over the past week as Republicans watch Trump ’s campaign blunder through the intricacies of delegate selection . " " It is true that Trump’s campaign is doing badly at the small stuff , and it Trump’s campaign costing him Trump’s . Trump Trump’s to organize for Colorado ’s complex delegate conventions , in which voters never got to express a direct preference for a candidate . He Trump’s   the process of selecting hundreds of delegate candidates in California . He Trump’s failed to stack relevant convention committees with his Trump’s . " ’When Trump Trump’s called the nominating rules a " scam " and a " disgrace , " the . Here’ ’s Reince Priebus , chairman of the RNC:’ ’’ " ’t’t’tNomination process known for a year + beyond . It ’s the responsibility of the campaigns to understand it It Complaints now ? Give us all a break’t’t " " Why was n’t there a caucus with a presidential vote as Colorado had held in previous years ? Because this time the RNC had ordered states to bind their delegates to actually vote in line with voters’ presidential preference . Colorado Colorado did n’t want to do that , so they Colorado Republicans rid of the presidential vote . " " That is , the purpose of Colorado Colorado rule change was explicitly antidemocratic . It the purpose of Colorado power away from regular voters and handed it the purpose of Colorado the sort of activists who would be likely to spend a lot of time and energy participating in party conventions . " " These the sort of activists who would be likely to spend a lot of time and energy participating in party conventions the rules , but they the sort of activists who would be likely to spend a lot of time and energy participating in party conventions n’t democratic rules . " ’’ ’Similarly , North Dakota chose to disenfranchise its North Dakota by holding . Pennsylvania voters will vote for a presidential candidate , but will also have to choose unbound delegates from a list of names , a system designed to put voters in a position of flying blind and choosing representatives to the convention whose intentions are unknown.’ " These are not systems designed to reflect the voters’ presidential preference . If you think the nominating process should be democratic , you could well call them you think the nominating process should be democratic , as Trump has . " " Now , think ahead to a convention , and the arguments that will inevitably ensue if Trump Trump    lead does not translate into a nomination . " " Trump Trump point to the Colorado delegation and say it the Colorado delegation illegitimate   —    that the voters of Colorado Colorado disenfranchised because they the voters of Colorado actually got to vote for a presidential candidate . Cruz will say that rules are rules , and these rules unanimously adopted by the Colorado Colorado Party executive committee all the way back in August 2015 . " " The latter argument will certainly be good enough to get the Colorado Colorado   —    all of whom support Cruz Cruz    credentialed at the convention . But it will not be good enough to convince Trump ’s supporters that he lost fair Trump’s square . " " The perception of legitimacy is important . A political party is a voluntary association , and Trump ’s voters Trump’s no obligation to stay Republican or support Republican candidates . If he is seen Trump’s having lost because of rigged rules ,    Republicans will win a Pyrrhic victory , as many of his backers will Trump’s away in the general election . " ’If that happens , the only group enjoying schadenfreude will be Democrats.’ ’If Donald Trump arrives at the Republican . .. ’ 
 