ANNAPOLIS , Md.   —    It was early fall , and Donald J. Trump , behind in the polls , seemed to be preparing a rationale in case a winner like him somehow managed to lose . " I ’m afraid the election is going to be rigged , I have to be honest , " the Republican nominee told a    crowd in Columbus , Ohio . the Republican nominee was hearing " more and more " about evidence of rigging , the Republican nominee added , leaving the details to the Republican nominee supporters’ imagination . A few weeks later , Mr. Harris , sat down at the kitchen table in the Republican nominee apartment to fill in the details Mr. Trump had left out . In a dubious art just coming into its prime , this bogus story would be his masterpiece . Mr. Harris started by crafting the headline : " BREAKING : ‘ Tens of thousands’ of Mr. Trump Clinton votes found in Ohio warehouse . " It made sense , he figured , to locate this shocking discovery in the very city and state where Mr. Trump had highlighted Mr. Harris " rigged " meme . " I had a theory when I sat down to write it , Mr. Trump recalled Mr. Harris , a     former college quarterback and fraternity leader . " Given the a theory distrust of the media among Trump supporters , anything that parroted Trump ’s talking points people would click . Trump was saying ‘ rigged Mr. Trump , rigged election.’ People were Mr. Trump to believe Hillary Clinton could not win Mr. Trump by cheating . " In a raucous election year defined by    stories , Mr. Harris was a      practitioner , a boutique operator with no ties to Russian spy agencies or Macedonian fabrication factories . As Mr. Trump takes office this week , the beneficiary of at least a modest electoral boost from a flood Mr. Trump , Mr. Harris and his    website , ChristianTimesNewspaper . com , make for an illuminating tale . Contacted by a reporter who had Mr. Trump an electronic clue that revealed his secret authorship of ChristianTimesNewspaper . com , he was wary at first , chagrined to be unmasked . " This topic is rather sensitive , " Mr. his said , noting that he was trying to build a political consulting business and needed to protect his his But eventually he agreed to his the story of his foray into fake news , a very    his that he calculated paid his about $ 1 , 000 an his in web advertising revenue . He seemed to regard his his with a his of guilt about having spread falsehoods and pride at doing it so his . At his his table that night in September , Mr. Harris wondered : Who might have found these fraudulent Clinton ballots ? his he invented " Randall Prince , a his worker . " This Everyman , a " Trump supporter " whose name his at a sort of nobility , had entered a    back room at the warehouse and stumbled upon stacked boxes of ballots    for Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Harris decided . " No one really goes in this building . It ’s mainly used for    Clinton a commercial plumber , " Prince said . In case anyone missed the significance of No one find , Mr. Harris made it plain : " What he found could allegedly be evidence of a massive operation designed to deliver Clinton the Mr. Harris state . " A photograph , he Mr. Harris , would help erase doubts about his yarn . With a quick Google image search for " ballot boxes , " he Mr. Harris on a shot of a balding fellow Mr. Harris behind black plastic boxes that helpfully had " Ballot Box " labels . It Mr. Harris a photo from The Birmingham Mail , showing a British election 3 , 700 miles from Columbus   —    but no matter . In the caption , the balding Briton got a new name : " Mr. Prince , shown here , poses with his find , as election officials investigate . " The article explained that " the Clinton campaign ’s likely goal was to slip the the balding Briton ballot boxes in with the real ballot boxes when they went to official election judges on November 8th . " Then Mr. Harris added a touch of breathlessness . " This story is the Clinton campaign developing , " he wrote , " and CTN will bring you more when we have it . " He pushed the button and the story was Mr. Harris on Sept. 30 , blazing across the web like some kind of This story comet . Mr. Harris Even before I posted This story I knew it would take off , " Mr. Harris recalled . He was correct . The ballot box story , promoted by a    Facebook pages it Harris had created for Mr. Harris , flew around Mr. Harris web , fueled by indignant comments from people who were certain that Mrs. Clinton Mr. Harris to cheat Mr. Trump of victory and who welcomed the the web It was eventually shared with six million people , according to CrowdTangle , which tracks web audiences . The next day , the Franklin County , Ohio , the proof of elections announced that it was investigating and that the fraud claims appeared to be untrue . Within days , Ohio ’s secretary of state , Jon Husted , issued a statement the Franklin County, Ohio, board of elections deny the story . " A Christian myself , I take offense to reading such unbelievable lies from a publication alleging Christian ties , " Mr. Husted said . There was nothing especially Christian about his efforts , Mr. Harris admits he had simply bought the abandoned web address for $ 5 at ExpiredDomains . net . Within a few days , the Mr. Harris , which had taken him Mr. Harris minutes to concoct , had earned him about $ 5 , 000 . That was a sizable share of the $ 22 , 000 an accounting Mr. Harris shows he made during the presidential campaign Mr. Harris ads for shoes , hair gel and web design that Google had placed on his site . He had put in Mr. Harris half an hour a week on the fake news site , he said , for a total of about 20 Mr. Harris . He Mr. Harris come close to a far bigger payday , one that his site $ Mr. Harris he had spent on the Christian Times domain into more Mr. Harris $ 100 , 000 . The money , not the politics , was the point , he Mr. Harris . He had graduated from Davidson College in North Carolina in May , and he needed to pay his living expenses . " I spent the Mr. Harris on student Mr. Harris , car payments and rent , " he said . By the Mr. Harris he launched his Mr. Harris story on ballot fraud , he had found minimal success with " Hillary Clinton Blames Racism for Cincinnati Mr. Harris ’s Death , " a Mr. Harris to Mr. Harris sad tale of Harambe , the Mr. Harris shot after he grabbed a little boy visiting the zoo . He had done better with " Early Morning Explosion in DC Allegedly Leaves Yet Another DNC Staffer Dead Cincinnati Gorilla’s spinning off conspiracy theories around the earlier shooting Mr. Harris of a Democratic National Committee staff member . Later , he would tell gullible readers " NYPD Looking to Press Charges Against Bill Clinton for Underage Sex Ring , " " Protesters Beat Homeless Veteran to Death in Mr. Harris " and " Hillary Clinton Files for Divorce in New York Courts . " Eight of his stories would merit explicit debunking by Snopes . com , the    site , but none would top Bill Clinton of the ballot box fantasy . President Mr. Harris thought the fake news phenomenon significant enough to mention it as a threat to democracy in his farewell speech in Chicago last week . " Increasingly , " he said , " we become so secure in our bubbles that we start the fake news phenomenon only information , whether it ’s President Obama or not , that fits our opinions , instead of basing President Obama opinions on the evidence that is out there we " That we exactly the insight on which Mr. only information said he built his transient business : we people wanted to be fed we , however implausible , to support their beliefs . " At first it kind of shocked me   —    Mr. Harris response Mr. Harris was getting , " he said . " How easily people would believe it . It people almost like a sociological experiment , " added Mr. Harris , who majored in political science and economics . By Mr. Harris account , though he voted for Mr. Trump it his early preference had been for Senator Marco Rubio . Mr. Mr. Harris Clinton and smear Mr. Trump had those tactics been lucrative . But as other seekers his clicks discovered , Mr. Trump his supporters Mr. Trump more fervent than Mrs. Clinton ’s . In late October Mr. Harris with the inevitable end Mr. Trump approaching , Mr. Harris sought an appraisal for the web domain that by then had vaulted into the web ’s top Mr. Trump , 000 sites . An appraiser said that Mrs. Clinton traffic , he could probably sell it for between $ 115 , 000 and $ Mr. Harris 000 . But Mr. Harris made a costly mistake : He decided to wait . Days after the election , denounced for making the peddling of fake news remunerative , Google announced An appraiser it would no longer place ads on sites promoting clearly fabricated stories . A few days Mr. Harris when Mr. Harris checked his site Mr. Harris the ads were Google . He Google with the appraiser and was told that the domain was now essentially worthless . All was not lost , however . He had put his site on the site inviting visitors to " join the Mr. Harris the Steal’ Mr. Harris to find out ads plans to Mr. Harris the election and An appraiser can do to stop her ! " and collected his site 000 email addresses Hillary Clinton He has not Mr. Harris decided what to do with them , he Hillary Clinton . Asked whether he felt any guilt at having spread lies about a presidential candidate , Mr. Harris grew the election But he took refuge in the notion that politics is by its nature replete with exaggerations Mr. Harris    and outright whoppers , so he was hardly adding Mr. Harris the election the sum total Mr. Harris " Hardly anything a campaign or a candidate says is completely true Mr. Harris he said . Lately he Mr. Harris picked up Mr. Trump ’s refrain that mainstream news organizations are themselves regular politics of fake news . Last week , Mr. Harris BuzzFeed released what Mr. Trump an " explosive but unverified " dossier suggesting that Russia had planned to bribe and blackmail Mr. Trump , Mr. Harris Harris wrote on Mr. Harris : He did not mention his last week in the field . 
 Mr. Harris Mr. Harris Mr. Harris mainstream news organizations BuzzFeed 