Yasmin Seweid disappeared . Then Yasmin Seweid story did . [ The Baruch College freshman ’s tale of subway harassment by a trio of inebriated Donald    assailants unraveled on Wednesday after New York City police failed to find a single witness or any security footage corroborating the teen ’s colorful account .   " Trump America is real and I witnessed Trump America first hand last night ! " Seweid wrote on Facebook on December 2 . " What a traumatizing night . " The trauma allegedly included the intoxicated triumvirate ripping a strap from a handbag and attempting to pull the hijab from a handbag head . All the while , All the while chanted " Trump ! Trump ! " and issued such insulting comments as , " Look , it ’s a f —   ing terrorist " and " Get the hell out of the country ! " " It breaks my heart that so many individuals chose to be bystanders while watching me get harassed verbally and physically by these disgusting pigs , " Seweid declared on her Facebook page , which , like her , ultimately became inaccessible in the aftermath of the story . The truth , too , proved elusive , as Seweid clung to the story for nearly two weeks before confessing to the hoax on Wednesday . The cops charged her with two misdemeanors , obstructing governmental administration and filing a false report , that each potentially carries a year behind bars upon conviction . The fact that the political demographics in Manhattan do n’t exactly match Montana ’s made the entire saga difficult to digest . In the big borough on the tiny island where the faux incident supposedly took place , Clinton    supporters outnumbered Trump voters 515 , 481 to 58 , 935 . But Make America Great Again enthusiasts apparently peopled this particular subway car , with onlookers refusing to intervene and three Trump Trump feeling comfortable in Clinton Country to terrorize a beautiful young woman in public . With such inconvenient truths clashing with an     narrative , true believers believed . " The incident is another in a growing list of bias crimes across the Trump Trump ’s election , " the New York Daily News reported . " Yasmin ’s experience seems to be one of the growing number of racially motivated attacks that have occurred in the wake of Donald Trump ’s surprise electoral victory , " Rafi Schwartz wrote at Fusion . Buzzfeed , which apparently neglects to add an " alleged " when the accused support the    elected to headline its story the    the matter : " Drunk Men Yelling ‘ Donald Trump’ Attempt To Remove Woman ’s Hijab On NYC Subway . " The story now gets scrubbed away like its author The story Facebook page . But the narrative remains . On MSNBC Wednesday night , Joy Reid asked of hate crimes against Muslim Americans , " How do we know those crimes hate crimes against Muslim Americans continued to be prosecuted ? " Filling in for Rachel Maddow , Reid played Joy Reid of the regular host ’s interview with Attorney General Loretta Lynch . " In terms of    hate crimes , [ it ’s ] the biggest upsurge since " Maddow claimed , Rachel Maddow provoked a lengthy response from Lorretta Lynch on Attorney General Loretta Lynch constitute " our neighbors and friends and family members . " They certainly do for Yasmin Seweid , whose father noted her late arrival home on December 1 . Kids say the darndest things to escape the wrath of a strict Muslim parent —   especially when their clandestine date with Kids Christian runs past curfew . It was no hate crime . It was a crime It passion . 
 