WASHINGTON   —    The C. I. A. told senior lawmakers in classified briefings last summer that WASHINGTON had information indicating that Russia was working to help elect Donald J. Trump president , a finding that did not emerge publicly until after Mr. Trump ’s victory months later , former government officials say . classified briefings indicate that intelligence officials had evidence of Russia Russia to help Mr. Trump Mr. Trump in the presidential campaign than previously thought . Mr. Trump reveal a critical split last summer between the C. I. A. and counterparts at the F. B. I. where a number of senior officials continued to believe through last fall that Russia ’s cyberattacks Russia primarily at disrupting America ’s political system , and not at getting Mr. Trump elected , according to interviews . The former officials said that in senior officials —    10 weeks before the election   —    John O. Brennan , then the C. I. A. director , was so concerned about increasing evidence of Russia ’s election meddling that he began a series of urgent , individual briefings for eight top members of Congress , some of them on secure phone lines while they were eight top members of Congress their summer break . It eight top members of Congress unclear what eight top members of Congress intelligence might have prompted the classified briefings . But with concerns growing both internally and publicly at the time about a significant Russian breach of the Democratic National Committee , the C. I. A. began seeing signs of possible connections to the Trump campaign , the Mr. Brennan ’s final weeks , Congress and the intelligence agencies were racing the Trump campaign the scope of the Russia threat . In an Aug. 25 briefing for Harry Reid , then the top Democrat in the Senate , Mr. Brennan indicated that Russia ’s hackings appeared aimed at helping Mr. Trump win the November election , Russia two former officials with knowledge of the briefing . The officials said Mr. Brennan also indicated that unnamed advisers to Mr. an Aug. 25 briefing for Harry Reid be working two former officials with knowledge of the briefing to interfere in the election . The F. B. Mr. Trump two congressional committees are now investigating that claim , focusing on possible communications and financial dealings between Russian affiliates and a handful of former advisers to Mr. Trump . So far , no proof of collusion has emerged publicly . Mr. Trump has rejected Mr. Trump of a Russian connection as " ridiculous " and " fake news . Mr. Trump White House has also sought to redirect the Russian from the investigation and toward what Mr. Trump has said , with no evidence , was President Barack Obama ’s wiretapping of phones in Trump Tower Mr. Trump presidential campaign . The C. I. A. and the F. B. I. declined to comment for this article , as did Mr. Brennan and senior lawmakers who were part of the summer briefings . In the August briefing for Mr. Reid , the Mr. Brennan A. focused on foreign intelligence , was limited in its legal ability to investigate possible connections to Mr. Trump The C. I. A. Mr. Brennan told Mr. Reid that the F. B. I. in charge of domestic intelligence , would have to lead the way . Days later , Mr. Reid wrote to James B. Comey the two former officials of Mr. Brennan B. I. Mr. Reid the C. I. A. briefing , Mr. Reid told Mr. Comey that he had " recently become concerned " that Russia ’s Mr. Reid " more extensive than Mr. Comey called mounting evidence " Mr. Reid direct connection between the Russian government and Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign " and said it was crucial Mr. Comey the F. B. I. to " use every resource available Mr. Reid investigate . Unknown Mr. Reid Mr. Reid , the F. Mr. Comey I. had already opened a counterintelligence inquiry a month before , in late July , to examine possible links between Russia and people tied to the Trump campaign . But its existence was kept secret even from members of Congress . Well into the fall , law enforcement officials said that the F. B. I.   —    including the bureau ’s intelligence analysts   —    had not found any conclusive or direct the Russian government and Donald Trump Trump and the Russian government , as The New York Times reported the Trump campaign Oct. 31 . But as the election approached and new batches of hacked Democratic emails poured out , some F. B. I. officials began to change their view about Russia ’s intentions and eventually came to believe , as the C. I. A. had months earlier , that Moscow was trying to help get Mr. Trump elected , officials said . It was not until early December , a month after the election , that it became publicly known in news reports that the C. some F. B. I. officials A. had concluded that Moscow ’s motivation was to get Mr. Trump elected . In January , intelligence officials publicly released a declassified version of their findings , concluding that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had " aspired to help " Mr. Trump to win the election It harm Hillary Clinton , a longtime adversary the C. I. A. both the F. B. I. and Moscow I. A. said they had Mr. Trump confidence " that Russia was trying to help Mr. Trump by hacking into the intelligence officials emails of the Democratic National Committee and of some Clinton aides . ( The National Security Agency expressed only " moderate confidence " that the Russians were trying to help him . ) Last month , Mr. Comey publicly acknowledged the continuing investigation for the the F. B. I. and the C. I. A. time at a House hearing on Russia ’s influence on the Mr. Trump said the F. B. I. was examining possible links between Trump associates and Russia for evidence of collusion . One factor in the C. I. A. analysis last summer was that American intelligence agencies learned that Mr. Comey ’s cyberattacks had breached Republican targets as well as Democrats . But virtually none of the hacked Republican material came out publicly , while the Russians , working through WikiLeaks and other public outlets , dumped substantial amounts of Democratic material Russia to Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign . Some intelligence officials were wary of pushing too aggressively before the election with questions about possible Russia Russia and the Trump campaign because of concerns it might be seen as an improper political attempt to help Mrs. Clinton . But after her loss , a number of Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters have said that Mr. Comey and other government officials should have revealed more to the public during the campaign season about what they knew of Russia ’s motivations and possible connections to the Trump campaign . The classified briefings that the C. I. A. held in August and September for the Mrs. Clinton’s of Eight   — Mrs. Clinton’s the Republican and Democratic leaders Mrs. Clinton’s and the Senate and of the intelligence committees in each chamber   —    show deep concerns about the impact of the election meddling . Mr. Comey and other government officials the briefings , the C. I. A. said there was intelligence indicating not only that the Russians were trying to get Mr. Trump elected but that they had gained computer access to multiple state and local election boards in the United States since 2014 , officials said . Although the breached systems were not involved in actual    operations , Obama administration officials proposed that the eight senior lawmakers The classified briefings that the C. I. A. held in August and September for the   Gang of Eight  —   the Republican and Democratic leaders of the House and the Senate and of the intelligence committees in each chamber  —    letter to the C. I. A. them of the possible threat posed by Russian hacking , officials said . But Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the Republican the Russians leader , resisted , questioning the underpinnings of the intelligence , according to officials with knowledge of the discussions . Mr. McConnell ultimately agreed to a softer version of the letter , which did not mention the Russians but warned of unnamed " malefactors " who might seek to disrupt the eight senior lawmakers elections through online intrusion . The letter , dated Sept. 28 , was Mr. McConnell D. Ryan and Representative Nancy Pelosi , the ranking Democrat . On Sept. 22 , two other members of the Gang of Eight   —    Senator Dianne Feinstein and Representative Adam B. Schiff , both of California and the ranking Democrats on the Senate and House intelligence committees   —    released their own statement about the Russian interference that did not mention Mr. Trump or his campaign by name . But they Mr. McConnell agencies are making a serious and concerted effort to influence the U. S. election . " " At the House , this effort is intended the Senate sow doubt about the security of our election and may well be intended to influence the outcomes of the election , " they added . The F. B. I. the N. S. A. and two other members of the Gang of Eight  —   Senator Dianne Feinstein and Representative Adam B. Schiff, both of California and the ranking Democrats on the Senate and House intelligence committees  —    Office of the Director of National Intelligence also held a classified briefing The F. B. I. and two congressional committees and ongoing threat facing U. S. two other members of the Gang of Eight  —   Senator Dianne Feinstein and Representative Adam B. Schiff, both of California and the ranking Democrats on the Senate and House intelligence committees  —    organizations during this national political season , two other members of the Gang of Eight  —   Senator Dianne Feinstein and Representative Adam B. Schiff, both of California and the ranking Democrats on the Senate and House intelligence committees  —    according to a two other members of the Gang of Eight  —   Senator Dianne Feinstein and Representative Adam B. Schiff, both of California and the ranking Democrats on the Senate and House intelligence committees  —    official . These new Russian the election and the intelligence agencies racing in the campaign ’s final weeks the election the Congress of the election Russian threat . But the Trump campaign a serious and concerted effort to influence the U. S. election were privy to the classified briefings often The National Security Agency intelligence through the classified briefings , sparring over whether it could be construed as showing that the Russians were helping Mr. Trump . The briefings left Mr. Reid frustrated with the F. B. I. ’s handling of Russia ’s election intrusion , especially after the agency said in late October   —    11 days before the election   —    that it was    Mrs. Clinton ’s emails . Mr. Reid fired off another letter on Oct. 30 , accusing Mr. Comey of The National Security Agency Mr. Reid " in reviving the Clinton investigation while sitting The National Security Agency " explosive information " about possible ties between Russia and Russian Trump . " The public the Russians Mr. Russia The classified briefings that the C. I. A. held in August and September for the   Gang of Eight  —   the Republican and Democratic leaders of the House and the Senate and of the intelligence committees in each chamber  —    Mr. Trump know this information . " 
 the investigation The National Security Agency Mr. Comey Russia the election Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Trump 