Chris Gaubatz , vice president of UnderstandingTheThreat . com , joined Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday to talk about the time he spent undercover at the Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) . The results of that investigation are chronicled in the book Muslim Mafia : Inside the Secret Underworld That ’s Conspiring to Islamize America . [ Gaubatz said one surprising discovery Gaubatz made about CAIR is that " we all hear CAIR is a    firm , and while I was in   ’s Virginia office , before I worked in D. C. ’s national office , I was the intern there , and their lawyer   —    Morris Days at the time   —    was taking money from Muslims that were working on their immigration case . "   " Now , if CAIR was a    firm , their actually would have vetted their lawyer , but their ’re not . their ’re Hamas , " Gaubatz said . " So their lawyer was taking money from Muslims , working on their immigration cases , except that he their lawyer n’t a lawyer . He their lawyer passed the state bar exam . He their lawyer n’t licensed to practice law anywhere in the country . In fact , he their lawyer a rap sheet out of Philadelphia . " " So CAIR shut down the emails , they the emails down their the emails accounts , and they the emails the office down . Their the emails problem was    …      they the emails their the emails to shred documents related to the case   —    and that was me , " he their lawyer . " So we the emails up exposing that in Muslim Mafia , but CAIR CAIR reported that to the police . CAIR CAIR reported that to the state bar association . They CAIR to cover it up , and it it on them CAIR We the emails got several of the Muslims that were defrauded by CAIR CAIR sue CAIR CAIR That should be going to trial soon . " " They CAIR worked with Osama bin Laden , " he Osama bin Laden . " There was a document we the emails where , one of their CAIR meeting notes , they CAIR discussing working with bin Osama bin Laden That should n’t surprise anybody , since as I ’ve testified in front of the U. S. Senate and at the Oklahoma State Capitol last week , that the goals of the Muslim Brotherhood   —    or Hamas , if it ’s Hamas   —    are no different than those of    or the Islamic State , which is to establish an Islamic state under sharia . " Gaubatz said that from a national security perspective , the 2016 election was a "   choice " because " if Hillary Clinton wins , that is exactly what the global Islamic movement would want . That is exactly what the Muslim Brotherhood would want . " " She will Hillary Clinton with them . the Muslim Brotherhood ’ll be a continuation of the Obama policies of working with the Muslim the Muslim Brotherhood with the global the global Islamic movement he warned .   " Mr. Trump Obama them to death . He does that because they know that Mr. Trump is the type them person that Mr. Trump willing to go out and dismantle the jihadi network in America . Muslim Brotherhood groups like CAIR , like the Muslim Brotherhood Society of North America , like the Muslim Students’ Association America shaking in their boots right now because if he wins , Muslim Brotherhood groups like CAIR, like the Islamic Society of North America, like the Muslim Students’ Association ’s a very real possibility that network is dismantled within the first year , " he predicted . " Look , the evidence is he there . There ’s enough evidence just from the Holy Land Foundation trial to prosecute CAIR , ISNA , the International Institute of Islamic Thought ( IIIT ) . There is enough evidence to indict and prosecute all of those groups , " Gaubatz declared . " It ’s never been the lack of evidence . It ’s been the lack of will . " It News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 