Washington ( CNN ) Green Party officials filed Friday for a recount in Wisconsin , following reports of voting discrepancies , and were seeking a deeper investigation into the election results , which handed the state to Donald Trump two weeks ago .   Wisconsin Green Party    George Martin said that they were seeking a " reconciliation of paper records "     a request that would go one step further than a simple recount , spurring , Wisconsin Green Party   George Martin said , an investigation into the integrity of the state voting system . " This is a process , a first step to examine whether our electoral democracy is working , " Martin said George Martin   The announcement came as Green Party candidate Jill Stein ’s Thanksgiving fundraising blitz passed $ 5 million . The money Green Party candidate Jill Stein’s Thanksgiving fundraising blitz passed $5 million beyond the $ 2 million mark the Green Green Party , and Wisconsin party officials said that any additional money not used for the recount would be used to train Green Party candidates for Green Party . The goal as of Friday was to raise $ 7 million .   " We do n’t know , and we think the forensic computer experts We raised serious questions . What we do know is that this We a    election , we saw hacks into voter databases , into party databases , into individual email accounts . We know that there were attempts made broadly on state voter databases and we know that we have an election system that We a computer system that is wide open to hacks , " Stein told CNN ’s John Berman Thursday . " It ’s extremely vulnerable , Americans deserve to have confidence in our vote . " Late Friday afternoon , the Wisconsin Elections Board said it had received the petition from the Wisconsin Elections Board and the Green Party and Stein is preparing to move forward with a statewide recount of votes . " " We have assembled an internal team the Wisconsin Elections Board direct the recount , we have been a statewide recount of votes consultation the Wisconsin Elections Board our county clerk partners , and the Wisconsin Elections Board arranged for legal representation by the Wisconsin Department of Justice , " Wisconsin Elections Board Administrator Michael Haas the Wisconsin Elections Board We plan to hold a teleconference meeting for county clerks next week and anticipate the recount will begin late in the week after a statewide recount of votes campaign has paid the recount fee , which we are still calculating . "   Hacking experts alerted the Clinton campaign earlier this week it was possible , the Stein campaign low turnouts in some counties with electronic voting , that voting systems might have been hacked . But nobody has presented any evidence yet that they were tampered with . Even if Stein and others succeed in winning recounts in Wisconsin , Stein and Pennsylvania , it ’s unclear they would be enough to swing the election from Trump to Hillary Stein and others , with Trump holding leads as big as more than 60 , 000 votes Trump Pennsylvania . When Florida officials launched their recount in 2000 , the margin was just 537 votes . Florida officials The Clinton campaign has stayed out of the recount debate , which sprouted Hillary Clinton over the Thanksgiving holiday , even though it was a conference call that election hacking experts had with her The Clinton campaign staff which led to the drive .   The Trump Hillary Clinton and his top advisers have dismissed the effort . Former Trump campaign manager Trump campaign Conway tweeted on Thanksgiving that their opponents were being sore losers . " Look who ’can’t accept The Trump campaign and his top advisers election results’ Hillary Clinton Supporters Call for Vote Recount in Battleground States , " Conway wrote . 
 Former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway 