Two pollsters looked at two crucial states and delivered only good news for Republican frontrunner Donald Trump . The GOP Establishment ’s stated goal is to stop Republican frontrunner Donald Trump from winning the number of delegates necessary to outright claim the Republican presidential nomination . The idea is to then go to a brokered convention where Party delegates get to choose whomever Party delegates like . In order to do that , Republican frontrunner Donald Trump must first lose the      of Ohio and Florida . With just six days to go , these polls show Republican frontrunner Donald Trump leading in both .     Florida Florida According to Quinnipiac , despite 10 days of facing down the GOP    Media Death Star , Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump actually expanded his Republican frontrunner Donald Trump in Florida Florida Currently , the billionaire businessman leads favorite son Marco Rubio 45 % to 22 % a full + 23 points . Last month , in this same poll , Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump up by just + 16 points over Rubio , 44 % to 28 % . Only 6 % of voters remain undecided . Ted Cruz earns 18 % support . John Kasich sits at just 8 % . Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump leads in the demos : Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump Rubio 39   —    27 percent among women and 50   —    17 percent among men .    Tea Party members go 48 percent for Trump , 40 percent for Cruz Ted Cruz 9 percent for Rubio Rubio Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump 39 percent of white ,    evangelicals , with 30 percent for Cruz Ted Cruz 21 percent for Rubio Rubio In the new CNN poll , Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump up + 16 with 40 % to Rubio Rubio % . Cruz Ted Cruz at 19 % Kasich 5 % .    Ohio    The race for Ohio is Ohio tighter . According to Quinnipiac , Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump current Ohio Governor Ohio by + 6 points , 38 % to 32 % . A month ago , Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump by + 5 points , 31 % to 26 % . Both men are gaining support . The good news for Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump that his Republican frontrunner Donald Trump has remained stable . Cruz earns just 16 % support . Rubio ’s collapse continues with just 9 % . Details : Cruz gets Cruz percent of Ohio Tea Party members , with 33 percent for Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump 14 percent for Kasich . Kasich gets Kasich percent of white ,    evangelicals , with 29 percent for Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump 24 percent for Cruz . Cruz 18 to 44 years old go to Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump Kasich 41 Kasich —    24 percent . Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump 38 percent of voters 45 to 64 years old to Kasich ’s Kasich . Kasich gets 38 Kasich of voters over 65 years old to Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump percent . In the new CNN poll , Trump is Republican frontrunner Donald Trump up + 6 with 41 % to Kasich ’s 35 % Kasich Cruz is in third at 15 % and Rubio fourth with just 7 % . Kasich ’s third place Kasich Michigan Tuesday night might deflate some of his Ohio support . He Kasich virtually no chance Kasich winning the nomination . If his comeback was going to Kasich , it had to begin in his comeback was going to begin , a state close Michigan and very similar to Ohio . If any , Ohio kitchen sinks the Establishment and DC Media have left , they had better be more whatever kitchen than the last ones .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 