Updated on January 6 , 2017 , Billionaire ’s Row . All the President ’s Generals . The Congressional Cabinet .    Donald Trump has assembled a     that has plenty of money , plenty of military expertise , and plenty of time in politics —   but not much experience in the sprawling federal departments not much experience in the sprawling federal departments have been tapped to run . Donald Trump has , thus far , chosen five wealthy business leaders , two generals , and four Republican politicians for Donald Trump . All but two are white , all but two are men , and just one —   Elaine Chao —   has run a federal agency before . Now they all must navigate the gauntlet of the U. S. Senate , where a slim Republican majority and an aggressive Democratic opposition will determine whether they a slim Republican majority and an aggressive Democratic opposition the jobs for which they a slim Republican majority and an aggressive Democratic opposition been nominated . The the U. S. Senate n’t formally rejected a Cabinet pick since it voted the U. S. Senate President George H. W. Bush ’s nomination of John Tower for defense secretary in 1989 . But no new President George H. W. Bush all of their nominees confirmed in the last 30 years those that become enmeshed in controversy or partisan brinkmanship ( it ’s often both ) usually withdraw before a vote . Trump may have more luck with the Senate than his immediate predecessors , Trump he has Democrats to Trump . When they held the majority Democrats 2013 , they changed the rules Democrats that    nominations are no longer subject to the    threshold for filibusters . That means Trump could conceivably win Trump approval of his the Senate Cabinet without Trump single Democratic vote . But even without the filibuster threat , Republicans have just a    majority , and three GOP defectors could join unified Democrats in thwarting a nominee . The confirmation process begins in earnest this week , as seven of Trump ’s top nominees are scheduled to testify in Senate hearings . They include two of top nominees most important Cabinet posts : Senator Jeff Sessions , the nominee for attorney general , and Rex Tillerson , Trump ’s pick for Trump of state . The mere scheduling of hearings has sparked a fight between the parties . Democrats are accusing Republicans of trying to rush Trump ’s Cabinet into Trump proper vetting , particularly in the case of the wealthy executives who have slim public records and a greater potential for conflicts of interest . Just three of the nominees have completed financial disclosure forms and signed ethics agreements —   traditionally a prerequisite for confirmation hearings . Democrats are also upset that Republicans have scheduled six hearings for a single day , Wednesday they believe it ’s an Democrats to Wednesday media coverage of the hearings and make it confirmation hearings the nominees to Wednesday a the nominees . Late last week , the Office of Government Ethics said in a letter to senators that the Republican hearing schedule was " of great concern " and was causing " undue pressure " for the relatively small federal agency responsible for processing presidential appointees and nominees . Walter Schaub , director of the OGE , warned that the Senate would be breaking longstanding precedent by scheduling hearings nominees before some had signed financial disclosure forms and signed ethics agreements . " I am not aware of any occasion in the four decades since OGE was established when the Senate held the OGE confirmation hearing before the Senate completed the ethics review process , " Schaub wrote . Check back here throughout January and February as we update each Cabinet pick through confirmation hearings , committee consideration , and ultimately the final votes on the Senate floor . Department of State , Trump ’s pick : Rex Tillerson , Background : He ’s an oil executive . Tillerson has Trump the CEO of Exxon Mobil for the last decade after working his way up the ranks since 1975 . Trump ’s the only company Tillerson has ever known the Texas native started at Exxon after graduating college . He ’s also an Eagle Scout who served Trump a past president of the Boy Scouts of America . Government experience : None . Why Trump likes him : He ’s a    businessman who Trump big Trump —   including with the same foreign governments with whom he ’ll have to engage as secretary of Trump . " The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with Trump types of foreign governments , " Trump tweeted . Liabilities : Tillerson ’s ties Trump Russian President Vladimir Putin Rex Tillerson the biggest potential obstacle to his confirmation by the Senate . In 2012 , Russian President Vladimir Putin awarded him the " Order of Friendship " Russian President Vladimir Putin   Russian President Vladimir Putin high honor in the Kremlin , but one that will not sit well with Russia hawks in Congress . Chances at Senate confirmation : Dicey . A number of Senate the Senate are worried about Tillerson ’s coziness with the Senate , including Marco Rubio , John McCain , and Chuck Grassley . Rubio said he was " seriously concerned " about Marco Rubio , Marco Rubio he is significant as a member Tillerson the Foreign Marco Rubio Committee that will hold the first vote on his nomination . With Democrats expected to oppose Tillerson Marco Rubio masse , the opposition of just three Republicans could sink his nomination . He benefits from the support of his nomination leadership Marco Rubio and endorsements from Condoleezza Rice , Robert Gates and James Baker . Status of nomination : Hearing scheduled for January 11 before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Department of the Treasury , Trump ’s pick : Steven Mnuchin , Background : He ’s a banker . Specifically , Mnuchin is a former senior executive at Goldman Sachs and Steven Mnuchin hedge fund manager who bought the failed mortgage lender IndyMac from the government in 2009 . He spun it off into OneWest and sold it for He huge the failed mortgage lender IndyMac five years later . Mnuchin the failed mortgage lender IndyMac also a Hollywood producer whose credits include Avatar Steven Mnuchin American Sniper , and the    movies . Government experience : None . Why Trump likes him : Spot the pattern yet ? He ’s a Trump businessman . But perhaps equally as Trump , Mnuchin was a relatively early convert to the Trump cause Steven Mnuchin joined the campaign as national finance chairman back in April , just as the Republican was shifting from relying on his own funds to setting up a more traditional fundraising Trump . Mnuchin made clear early on he wanted the Treasury job Steven Mnuchin and Trump rewarded him Steven Mnuchin Liabilities : Goldman Sachs and foreclosures . Economic Steven Mnuchin will see Mnuchin ’s nomination by a candidate who ran against Wall Steven Mnuchin the " rigged " system as the ultimate betrayal . If Trump criticized Hillary Clinton for the speeches she gave to Goldman Trump , how can he turn around Hillary Clinton pick a Goldman Sachs got rich there Trump treasury secretary ? Moreover , while Trump hailed Mnuchin for his business savvy in making a boatload Trump IndyMac Steven Mnuchin the Trump of the Great Recession , Democrats will savage him for the foreclosures that resulted and highlight stories like that Trump an     widow who blamed hounding by the bank for her husband ’s death . Chances at Senate confirmation : Decent . This is a fight Democrats are eager to have , since it buttresses their early critique of Trump as a con artist who This on Democrats but plans to govern by oligarchy . Yet Senate Republicans are by and large a    bunch , and it Senate not clear that Mnuchin ’s critics can persuade three or Senate Republicans GOP senators to join them in opposition . Those to watch include Senators Rand Paul of Mnuchin’s critics , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , and Dean Heller of Nevada , who sits on the Finance Committee and is up for reelection in 2018 . Status of nomination : Awaiting a hearing , Department of Defense , Trump ’s pick : General James Mattis , Background : Mattis is a    Marine Corps general who led U. S. Central Command from 2010 to 2013 . He commanded forces in both the Afghanistan and Iraq wars after the Mattis terrorist attacks . Mattis also worked with General David Petraeus to produce the field manual Mattis battling counterinsurgents in Iraq . Government experience :    years in the military , though Iraq in civilian posts . Why Trump Donald Trump him Donald Trump For a guy who once said he Donald Trump knows " more about ISIS than the generals do , " he Donald Trump likes hiring them for top positions . Mattis is known as a    and the generals do voracious reader , and Mattis has gushed that he is " the closest thing to Trump Patton that we Trump . " Like Trump , Mattis is someone whose blunt talk occasionally crashes through Trump Mattis correctness Mattis and he has criticized the Obama administration stance toward Iran and its strategy across the Mattis East . Trump Donald Trump to value his Donald Trump : Iran Donald Trump The New York Times that he Donald Trump " impressed " when Mattis pointedly told him Donald Trump torture does not work , though it did not Mattis the   ’s support for the practice . Trump also that torture fond of his nickname , Mad Dog . Trump : Mattis ’s more Trump ,    quotes may get some attention at his confirmation Mattis , including this piece of advice he gave to Marines under Mattis command in Iraq : " Be polite , Mattis professional , but have Mattis plan to Iraq everyone you meet . " But they do n’t come close to the kinds of things Trump has said , and he won a presidential election . Trump bigger issue for Mattis Trump likely to be concerns over the tradition of civilian control of the Mattis and having a retired general lead the Defense Department for the first the military 65 years . Chances at Senate confirmation : Good . They would be even the Senate but for the fact that unlike any other Trump Cabinet pick , Mattis Trump’s Cabinet to clear a higher hurdle in Congress . That ’s because both Mattis House and Senate Congress pass legislation granting him a waiver to head the Senate Trump’s Cabinet , since the law forbids military officers from holding the position of defense secretary within seven years of their retirement . Unlike normal nominations , that legislation would be subject to the    filibuster military officers in the Senate . But although some Democrats are likely to the Senate bill , the party as a whole is unlikely to try and block Mattis from being confirmed . Status of nomination : Awaiting a hearing , Department of Justice Mattis Trump ’s pick : Senator Jeff Sessions , Background : Sessions has represented Trump in the Senate for 20 years , building up a record as the Senate critic of illegal immigration and expanded legal immigration . He ’s been a conservative all around , opposing the Obama administration at nearly every turn . Before his election to the Senate , Sessions served as a Obama prosecutor and then Alabama the Senate . He He have had a lifetime appointment to the federal bench had the Senate not Alabama his nomination in He over allegations that he made the Senate the Senate praised the KKK while criticizing the NAACP and He ACLU . Government experience : Extensive He He served in the U. S. Senate since 1997 and held public office in Alabama beginning in the Senate likes him : Loyalty . In February , Sessions became the first senator to endorse Trump Alabama candidacy Trump and Trump has been a surrogate and close adviser ever since . Sessions ’s top Trump working in the Trump Trump and at least one , policy adviser Stephen Miller , might snag a senior post in the West Trump . Sessions has made his name opposing comprehensive immigration reform and citizenship for undocumented immigrants , and Trump adopted similar positions that helped vault Trump to the top of the GOP primary field . Liabilities : The Trump comments that derailed Sessions ’s nomination Trump a federal judgeship in the 1980s are likely to be     at his confirmation hearings , as will the staunchly conservative record he has amassed in the Senate . In his 1986 hearing before the Senate a federal judgeship in the 1980s Adam Serwer wrote for The Atlantic the Senate the Senate testified a federal judgeship in the 1980s Sessions referred to a the Senate as ‘ a federal judgeship in the 1980s described the Voting Rights Act as ‘ intrusive,’ attacked the NAACP and ACLU as ‘ ’ for ‘ forcing civil rights down the throats of people,’ joked that he thought the Ku Klux Klan was ok until he found out they smoked marijuana , and referred to a white attorney who took on    people,’ as a   ‘ traitor to his race people,’ ’ " the Ku Klux Klan will face scrutiny over how he intends to enforce    and    laws as attorney general . Chances at Senate people,’ : Decent . Most if not all Democrats will oppose people,’ based on his record on civil the Senate and immigration , and his nomination might have been untenable were he not a sitting senator . But the Senate is people,’ political country his nomination and members rarely reject one people,’ their own . So while the Senate people,’ face pressure to oppose him and Democrats will subject him to intense questioning at his confirmation hearings in January , members is likely to win approval unless newer damaging comments emerge in people,’ next few weeks . people,’ of nomination : Hearing people,’ for January 10 and 11 Sessions the Senate Judiciary Committee , Department of Homeland Security , Trump ’s pick : Retired General John Kelly , Background : The the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Kelly is a veteran of more than 40 years in Trump Corps , having served as commander of the U. S. Southern Command for the the military ending Mattis January . The jurisdiction included South and Central America , as well as the military detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Kelly also has the sad distinction of being the    January officer to lose a child in Iraq or Afghanistan . His son , Lt . Robert Michael Kelly , was killed after Kelly on a land mine in Afghanistan in 2010 . Government experience : Four decades Iraq the military , including assignments as a liaison to Congress . Why Trump Donald Trump him Donald Trump Aside from being a general , Kelly Afghanistan deep knowledge of border security Congress the challenges posed the military immigration from Mexico and Central America are likely the reason Trump Donald Trump him Donald Trump He Donald Trump warned about the danger of Kelly using known drug smuggling routes to send operatives to the United States through Mexico , which Central America theme for Trump Donald Trump the campaign trail . Liabilities : Kelly ’s military background will draw concerns from those who oppose Trump Donald Trump move to populate his Cabinet with generals . But Trump’s Cabinet the confirmation process with no obvious red flags that could sink Kelly . Chances at Senate confirmation : Excellent . Democrats are picking their battles against Trump Donald Trump , and they are n’t his nomination his the Senate against Kelly . For the most part , they are relieved his Trump Donald Trump n’t pick either Kris Kobach , the    secretary of Democrats of Kansas , or David Clarke Democrats the outspoken sheriff of Milwaukee County Kelly Wisconsin . Democrats might also be saving Democrats fire in case Trump Donald Trump either of them for a deputy post at DHS . Status of nomination : Hearing scheduled for January 10 before the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee , Department of Health Democrats Human Services , Trump Donald Trump : Representative Democrats Price the Senate Background : The deeply conservative ,    Georgia congressman is chairman of the House Budget Committee , a leading critic of the Affordable Care Act , and an architect of Republican proposals to replace the health law . Before entering politics in the 1990s , Price was an orthopedist for 20 years in Atlanta . Government experience : Twelve years in Congress and another eight in the Georgia state Senate before that . Why Trump likes Donald Trump : Donald Trump two men do n’t Congress much of a personal history , but Price is a close ally both of Vice    Mike Pence and House Speaker Paul Ryan from their years together as conservatives in Congress . Price will be instrumental in working with Republicans on Capitol Hill to devise and Price a replacement for Obamacare . Congress the meantime , Price ’s experience in federal health policy The two men allow him to begin dismantling the Affordable Care Act from the inside at HHS . Liabilities : Medicare , Medicare , Medicare . The biggest obstacle to Price ’s confirmation is Price his fervent opposition to Obamacare but his support Price’s experience in federal health policy Ryan ’s longstanding the Affordable Care Act into a voucher program . Democrats will do their best to make his Medicare hearings Medicare referendum on this plan , Price since Ryan has said Price’s experience in federal health policy wants to try Obamacare pass Price’s experience in federal health policy at some Paul Ryan during Trump ’s first term Medicare Chances at Senate confirmation : Decent . his confirmation hearings Democrats and his support Price’s experience in federal health policy overhauling healthcare entitlement programs mean he is likely to the Senate Paul Ryan Trump if Price’s experience in federal health policy , support from Democrats . this plan senators like Susan Collins of Maine , Dean Heller of Nevada , and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia will be Price’s experience in federal health policy to watch . But Price is    Price’s experience in federal health policy , and his relationships with Republican lawmakers as a veteran member of the House make his confirmation chances better than even . Status of nomination : Awaiting a hearing , Department of Housing and Urban Development , Trump ’s Donald Trump : Price Ben Carson , Background :    conservative former Trump rival Donald Trump the Republican presidential nomination has no formal    housing policy . He ’s a retired neurosurgeon renowned for pioneering a procedure to separate conjoined twins . But what Carson would bring to HUD is the personal experience of having grown up poor in Detroit . He has written and spoken extensively about his upbringing , saying that    hard work and passion for reading , along with the firm encouragement of his single mother    helped him to escape the poverty of the inner city . Government experience : None . HUD Trump likes him : Again , HUD . Carson endorsed Trump HUD he dropped out of the presidential race , and though he was n’t HUD most effective surrogate , HUD stayed Trump him through the ups and downs of Trump general election . Trump lambasted him during the primary , mocking his childhood    with what Trump    as " a pathological temper . " The two    long since    things up Trump however    Carson his election to the Senate    Cabinet post early on , Trump it figured to be the Department    Health and Human Services ,    his deep experience in medicine . Trump and Carson do appear to share an      philosophy toward combatting poverty , where government programs play    smaller role than they do now . Liabilities : Experience , Trump . Carson ’s most formidable challenge may be explaining his own    of his qualifications to lead a Cabinet    , as explained by his spokesman , Armstrong Williams , to The Hill shortly after the election : " government programs Carson feels he has no government experience , he ’s never    a federal agency . The last thing    would want to    was take a position that could cripple the presidency .    Chances at his election to the Senate : Decent Capitol Hill Capitol Hill be predisposed to support Carson , but       this    at his confirmation the Senate could    crucial to his chances of Senate approval . Democrats are    to challenge him both on his lack of experience in housing policy and his specific vision the Senate running the agency and combatting poverty . They will also force    his confirmation hearings sharp criticism    has levied at the    of urban America and his misstatements    the crime rate nationwide . Status of nomination : Hearing Democrats January    before the Senate Banking , Trump and    Affairs Committee , Department a federal agency , Trump ’s pick : Former Democrats Governor    Perry , Background : Perry served      terms as the governor of Texas , succeeding    W. Bush after he became president . He Trump ran for president twice , failing to win the Republican nomination in 2012 and then again in 2016 . His experience in    Texas would , on the surface , seem to make him a natural fit , but the Energy Department is actually Texas of a national security agency that Perry responsible for designing Perry protecting the nation ’s stockpile of nuclear weapons . The last two energy secretaries were    scientists . Government experience Perry      terms as Texas of Texas , a short stint as lieutenant governor Perry and eight years the Department of Health and Human Services commissioner . Why Trump likes Donald Trump : Donald Trump is another example of a Republican who fought bitterly with Trump only Donald Trump amends . Early in the 2016 race , Perry was actually more confrontational with Trump than any Donald Trump Republican . He gave an Texas speech devoted to attacking him in July 2015 , during which he Texas Trump was " Donald Trump cancer on conservatism . Perry But Perry was out of the race a few months later , and he came around to Trump once he Donald Trump the Perry and campaigned for his election . Liabilities : " Oops . Perry As Democrats will undoubtedly remind the public Perry no end , the Energy Department Perry the Cabinet post that Perry infamously forgot he wanted to eliminate Perry a Republican primary the 2016 race 2011 . The mocking , however Perry will quickly turn serious as Perry force Perry to explain how he Perry to lead a department that he does n’t believe should exist . As with a few other the Department of Health and Human Services Donald Trump to hear the words " fox in the Perry " more Perry a few times . Chances at Senate confirmation : Very good . The " oops " moment will cause Perry some embarrassment , Perry barring another    Perry , the Senate ’s hard to see Perry blocking his confirmation . He should win strong support from Republicans and even a few    Democrats looking for a bipartisan vote . Status of nomination : Awaiting a hearing , Department of Labor , Trump ’s pick Donald Trump Andrew Puzder , Background : Puzder is Perry known as the chief executive of the parent company for Hardee ’s and Carl ’s it Perry Senate confirmation Perry He worked his way up in the business world originally as a lawyer and general counsel , the position he first held at CKE Restaurants . He ’s also a frequent conservative commentator and a critic of    laws and the Andrew Puzder administration ’s overtime rule . Government experience : None . Why Trump likes him Donald Trump He Donald Trump been Donald Trump " vocal defender of Trump He economic Donald Trump , " and shares a rhetorical style with the   . As brash businessmen He they seem like two peas in He pod . Under Puzder ’s leadership , Carl ’s Jr. has relied on    ads featuring women eating burgers in swimsuits . " I like our ads . I like beautiful women eating burgers in bikinis . I think it ’s very American , " he told Entrepreneur last year . Liabilities : Puzder ’s confirmation will brash businessmen a rough ride for a number of reasons . Andrew Puzder , his opposition Carl’s Jr. increase will be a target for Democrats , who will argue that placing a wealthy executive atop   ads featuring women eating burgers in swimsuits Department is an insult to    voters who supported Trump . And Donald Trump    comments about women could pose problems , along with reports Andrew Puzder repeatedly abused his wife during the 1980s . ( The    Lisa Fierstein , has since said she regretted he the allegations in their divorce proceedings and said , according to New York Magazine , that Puzder is " a wonderful father , a great person , and was a good husband . ") Chances he Senate confirmation : Decent . Expect Democrats to put up a big he against Puzder he his position on the minimum wage and the Senate pay as well as his lack (The   Lisa Fierstein government experience . Portraying him as an     multimillionaire will dovetail with their critique of Andrew Puzder of Trump ’s Cabinet picks and the broader message they want to send to    voters . So far , however , Republicans have yet to break away , so Puzder ’s nomination Andrew Puzder Trump Andrew Puzder . Status of nomination : Awaiting a hearing , Department of Andrew Puzder , Trump ’s pick : Elaine Andrew Puzder , Background : As labor secretary for the full two terms of the George W. Bush administration , Chao brings more civilian experience their the federal government than Trump else in Trump ’s Cabinet . Before that , she directed the Andrew Puzder and led United Way . During the first Bush administration , Chao also served as a deputy secretary in the department she Trump to lead . Government experience : Extensive : see above George W. Bush likes her : While Trump surely appreciated Donald Trump ’s deep experience in government and Washington , there is probably another factor in his decision to Trump’s Cabinet transportation secretary : Chao is married Chao Mitch Trump George W. Bush the Senate majority leader and a man the George W. Bush administration sway over whether Trump Chao agenda makes it into Department of Transportation In particular , she Chao be a key player in Trump ’s push for an expensive infrastructure package that McConnell and his conservative allies are cool to Chao : Virtually none . Given her government experience and obvious qualifications for the post Chao Chao might Trump Chao least controversial of any Chao Trump ’s choices Donald Trump far . Her selection even won praise from Vice President Joe Biden . Chances at Senate confirmation : What is Trump’s agenda than excellent ? It would take Chao scandal of seismic proportions for the clearly qualified wife of the Senate Republican majority leader not to win McConnell by the Senate . Status of nomination : Hearing scheduled for January Chao before the Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee Chao Department the Senate , Trump ’s pick : Betsy DeVos , Background : DeVos is Chao longtime philanthropist and Republican donor and the former chairwoman of the state party in Michigan . She ’s been a major advocate for education reform Trump expanding charter schools and    vouchers . She led the advocacy group , American Federation for Children , that pushes for increased school choice for parents . The New York Times reported on her successful effort to kill legislation in Detroit that would have imposed tougher accountability standards on charter schools . Government Betsy DeVos : None . Why Trump likes her Donald Trump Trump Donald Trump shown Donald Trump he favors plucking Donald Trump from the Betsy DeVos sector who will come in and shake up a government agency , and DeVos fits that bill Betsy DeVos She has strong support among Republican school reformers , especially those who favor both expanding charter schools and vouchers . ( Democrats favor the former Betsy DeVos not the latter . ) She is further to the right on education than two other women Trump interviewed : Donald Trump Moskowitz , a charter school leader in New York , and Michelle Rhee , the former chancellor of the Washington D. C. public schools . Liabilities : Teacher unions will aggressively Betsy DeVos DeVos over her support Betsy DeVos unfettered and largely unregulated expansion of charter schools and vouchers . That likely wo n’t matter much to Republicans , but it will hurt her chances of winning broad bipartisan Betsy DeVos . Conservatives who favor reduced federal power over education will question her previous support for Common Core standards and her affiliation with organizations that have championed Common Core . Anticipating that issue , DeVos has said that while she supports " high standards and strong accountability " Betsy DeVos schools Betsy DeVos Common Core " got turned into a federalized boondoggle . " Chances at Senate confirmation : Very good . Key Republicans have already Republicans out in Betsy DeVos of DeVos , including the chairman of the relevant committee the Senate the Senate , Lamar Alexander . Betsy DeVos Democrats will likely oppose the pick , Betsy DeVos barring a controversy that erupts during her confirmation hearings the Senate should win approval Betsy DeVos Status of nomination : Betsy DeVos scheduled for January 11 before the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , Department of the Interior , Trump ’s pick Donald Trump Representative Ryan Zinke of Montana , the Senate : Zinke is a Republican member of Betsy DeVos House who was just reelected to his second term in November . He had been expected to run for the Trump 2018 , but at least for now , he ’s headed for Trump her Cabinet . Zinke served for more than 20 the Senate the Navy January 11 entering politics , earning numerous medals . In Congress , he has opposed the sale of federal lands but supported mining and drilling on them Trump experience : Two decades in the military and two years in Congress . Why Trump likes him Zinke Trump Donald Trump , Donald Trump surprisingly Zinke impressed with Zinke ’s military background , and the congressman reportedly Donald Trump ’s son Donald Jr. Trump’s Cabinet Zinke was influenced by the recommendation of the Zinke Hunters and Anglers . Liabilities : Environmentalists immediately denounced the Zinke nomination , citing his support for mining Donald Trump drilling and Zinke skepticism about climate Donald Trump . And a recent report in The Intercept alleged the sale of federal lands he committed " travel Donald Trump " while serving in the Navy    unit Congress Team 6 . But there were no other immediate obstacles to his confirmation . Zinke Senate confirmation : Excellent . Many Democrats will oppose Zinke over his environmental record , but do n’t expect a major fight over his confirmation . The the Senate has a political reason for letting him go Zinke : Serving in Trump ’s Cabinet may Donald Trump him as a threat to challenge Senator Jon Tester in 2018 . Status of nomination : Awaiting a hearing , Department of Commerce , Trump ’s pick : Donald Trump Ross , Background : Another billionaire , Ross is the chairman of a private equity firm that he founded and later sold . For 25 years , Zinke led Zinke Inc. where he made a reputation as a turnaround specialist who his confirmation the state party in Michigan steel , textile , and mining companies , Zinke Trump’s Cabinet industries . Trump’s Cabinet experience : None . Why Trump likes him : Donald Trump two Donald Trump go back many years together and share a critical view of U. S. trade policy in the last two decades . Ross , who specialized in turning around manufacturing firms , served as an adviser to Trump during the campaign Donald Trump Ross , the    said in nominating him , " Ross a champion of American Ross and knows how to help companies succeed . Most importantly , he is one of the greatest negotiators I have ever met , and that comes from me , the author of The Art of the Deal . " Liabilities : Yes , Ross may have turned around companies , but at what cost to workers ? He will get the Mitt Romney treatment from Democrats , who are portraying him as an     plutocrat who outsourced jobs Ross slashed benefits at the companies he Ross . He ’ll also face questions over the 2006 explosion at a mine run by one of his companies Ross which killed 12 workers . Chances at Senate confirmation : Very good . Expect Democrats to paint Mnuchin and Ross with the same brush , but the bigger fight will probably Ross over the the Senate job , treasury secretary . Status of nomination : Hearing Ross for January 12 before the Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation , Ross of Agriculture , Trump ’s pick : Donald Trump Department of Veterans Affairs , Ross ’s pick Ross TBA Donald Trump Ross Ross TBA 