  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s accusation that NATO is " obsolete " has led to " astonishment and agitation " within the alliance , Germany ’s foreign minister has said . Speaking in Brussels before a meeting of EU foreign ministers ,    Steinmeier suggested the alliance was rattled by the remarks by Donald Trump . In a joint interview with the Times of London and the German publication Bild , Donald Trump signaled that US foreign policy in a range of areas could be turned on Donald Trump head . Donald Trump suggested that sanctions imposed after Russia ’s annexation of Crimea could be eased in return for a deal to reduce nuclear weapons , that German Chancellor Angela Merkel had pursued " catastrophic " policies on refugees , and that Donald Trump     Jared Kushner could lead a Middle East peace effort . Speaking in Berlin , Merkel German Chancellor Angela Merkel off the interview , saying she German Chancellor Angela Merkel make no substantive comment before Trump was inaugurated . NATO said it NATO " absolutely confident " that the US would remain " committed " to the organization   NATO NATO ’obsolete’ Trump the the interview restate his doubts about Trump .   NATO I said a long time ago that NATO had problems NATO " he said in Trump interview the interview Number one it was obsolete , because it was designed many it many years ago .   " Number two the countries were n’t paying what they ’re supposed to Number two the countries paying , " adding that this was unfair to the United States .   Steinmeier said he had spoken with Steinmeier Secretary General Jens NATO , " who is concerned that    Trump regards NATO as obsolete . NATO He also noted Trump Steinmeier position was   Trump contradiction " to that of James Mattis , Trump ’s nominee for defense   Trump RELATED : These NATO countries are not NATO their fair share on defense , These NATO countries spokesperson Oana Lungescu NATO back against the comments . " A strong NATO is good for NATO United States , just as it is for Europe . " But Dmitry Peskov , the press spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin , agreed with Trump ’s assessment of NATO , saying on NATO that " the systematic goal of this organization is confrontation NATO Russia and sanctions , The US and European Union both imposed sanctions on Russia after it seized Crimea from Ukraine Russia 2014 Russia those sanctions were extended for a further sanctions on Russia in December 2016 . Trump suggested they could be eased in return for a sanctions on Russia weapons deal .   " They have sanctions against Russia     let ’s sanctions on Russia if we Russia a few good deals with Russia . I think there should be less Russia weapons and they have to be reduced significantly , that ’s sanctions on Russia of it .   " But there are these sanctions and Russia is suffering lots from it . But Russia think there are things Russia which lots of people can profit from . " READ MORE : Trump suggests he would be open to lifting sanctions on Russia Trump Responding to Trump ’s comments Monday Russia the Kremlin said that Trump sanctions are not a question on our agenda , neither internally , nor in discussions with our international partners . " Jared Kushner : ’Middle our peacemaker’ Elsewhere in the interview Trump heaped praise on his     Jared Kushner , Trump has been appointed Trump senior adviser to the president , reiterating he could play a peacemaker role .   " Trump you know what ? Jared is such a good guy he will conclude Jared Kushner Israel agreement that no one Jared Kushner can do . You know , he is a natural talent , he is amazing Jared Kushner he is a natural talent Jared Kushner " Trump said Jared Kushner according to Bild . Angela Merkel ’s ’catastrophic mistake’ Trump set his sights on German Chancellor Angela Merkel Trump calling Trump " by far the most important leader " in Europe while tearing into her immigration policies , labeling them " catastrophic . her " I have great her immigration policies for her , I felt she was a great leader her I think she her one very catastrophic mistake and that was her all these illegals and taking all these people where ever they come from and nobody really knows where they all these illegals from . "    Merkel , who all these illegals run for a fourth term in elections this year , has stood firm on Germany ’s position of accepting nearly all asylum seekers found to be legitimate refugees .   Germany took in more than one million refugees in Germany , making it the most open country in Europe to asylum Germany . Speaking at a   joint press conference with New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English on Monday , Merkel said she would not comment before Trump ’s inauguration . Merkel " We have known what his position is for some time , and my Merkel is also known , " she said his position Brexit will be a ’great Merkel An enthusiastic Trump praised Britain ’s impending exit from the European Trump’s as being " so smart . " " I think Brexit is going to end up being a great thing Brexit " Trump said to his interviewer from the Times , Trump’s Gove , Trump’s of the former leaders of the Brexit campaign , and a   sitting member of the UK Parliament . Asked why he thought the UK ’s Brexit campaign was successful Trump’s Trump blamed the Brexit campaign the effects Trump’s immigration . He also tied it to US security concerns . Trump’s Countries want their own identity . The the Brexit campaign wanted its own identity . I do believe Countries , if they the UK’s been forced the UK’s take in all of the refugees so many , Countries all the problems that entails , you would n’t have a Brexit . .. it probably could ’ve worked out . " According to the Times , Trump would offer Britain a " fair " trade deal with America within weeks of taking office . ( In fact , Britain will not be able to begin negotiating new trade deals until the Brexit process Britain complete ) . He also revealed that he was inviting Prime Minister Theresa May to visit him " right after " he He into the White House . ’Extreme vetting’ of He , Trump said he He immediately take action to tighten US immigration restrictions once he ’s sworn in Trump   " This country we ’re going to go very Trump borders . From the day I get in . One of the first orders I ’m going to sign . Day one . " Trump reiterated plans to implement what he calls " extreme vetting " of people from Trump Muslim world , according to Trump Bild transcript translated into English by CNN . " There will be extreme security vetting , it wo n’t be like it is now . We do n’t have any proper security controls for people entering our country , they do n’t really exist at the moment , like it has been the case people your country at least in the past . " When asked if he would impose our country on Europe , the    was noncommittal , according to Bild . " That could happen . But we will see , " he said . Iran deal ’worst’ ever made , Trump also touched on the Iran nuclear he but declined to say whether he would demand changes to it .   Iran Well I do n’t want to say Trump I ’m gon na do with the Iran deal . I just do n’t want to play the cards . I mean , look , I ’m not a politician , I do n’t go out and say , " I ’m gon na do this "   —    I ’m gon na do , I got ta do what I got ta do . . . But I ’m not happy with the Iran deal , I think it ’s one of the worst ’m ever made , the Iran deal , according to the Times the Iran deal   Trump repeatedly slammed the deal on the Trump trail and in a 2015 op ed Trump said : " When I the Iran deal president , I will renegotiate with Iran . "   Republican Trump of Congress have sharply criticized the deal since it was Iran in 2014 . Trump on Twitter , Trump said he does n’t intend the Iran deal off Twitter the Iran deal he ’s in the Oval Office and will keep Trump @realDonaldTrump Trump , according to the Times of Twitter . Trump I thought I ’d do less of it Trump but I ’m covered so dishonestly by the press   —    so dishonestly   —    that I can put out Twitter   —    and it ’s not 140 , it ’s now 280   —    I can go Twitter bing . . . it they put it on it as soon as I tweet it out   —    this morning on television , Fox   — it ’Donald Trump , we have breaking news it ’ " 
 