’   ’ "    Fox News anchor Chris Wallace pressed White House chief of staff    Reince Priebus on Sunday over President Donald Trump ’s baseless    claim that President Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower during    the 2016 presidential campaign . " ’    In an interview on " Fox News Sunday , " Wallace asked Priebus    whether President Donald Trump accepted the conclusion from law enforcement and    intelligence officials that there was no evidence to support    Trump’ ’s accusation . ’ ’    " Is he ready to apologize ? " Wallace asked of President Donald Trump . ’ ’    " No . And I don’’t accept it , " Priebus    replied . ’ " Priebus    echoed the administration ’s recent position on President Donald Trump ’s    claims , which somewhat modified the president ’s original tweet . " "    Holding up an enlarged    of a New York Times headline ,       chief of staff argued that law enforcement or intelligence    officials may have collected information on members of the    president ’s transition team . " ’    " The fact is reports have come out for many , many months now that    people on the Trump campaign transition team were surveillanced    by , potentially , some intelligence group , " Priebus said . " Whether    they were intentionally swept up , whether their they were    unmasked   —    Chris , you don’’t know the answer to that question , and    I don’’t either . " ’ ’    He    : " But if people on the Trump transition were unknowingly    surveillanced . .. I think it’ ’s a big problem , and I think    ultimately President Trump going to be proven correct . " ’ ’    When Wallace asked if Trump believed Trump was a " concerted    effort " by the previous White House to leak intelligence    information damaging the new administration , the chief of staff    answered that the " leaks are apparent . " ’ ’    " There are leaks out there that are injuring the president , "    Priebus said . " It’ ’s wrong and people should be prosecuted . " ’ ’    He added   Priebus " There’ ’s potentially something very wrong here , but I’’m    not going to go any further than that . " ’ "    The Fox News anchor also confronted Priebus about House    Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes’ decision to brief    Trumps’ team about evidence   —    unsupported publicly by law    enforcement and intelligence officials   —    that Trump transition    officials may have been surveilled . " ’    " Does Chairman Nunes coming to the White House and briefing the    president before he briefed Chairman Nunes own Chairman Nunes   —    does that    undercut his credibility the   president and does that open the door for an    independent investigation ? " Wallace asked . ’ ’    Priebus refused to endorse or condemn Nunes ’’ brief , saying that    the White House doesn’’t " calculate the decisions that they make    and whether they brief they or not . " ’ ’    " I think we let the House committee do its job the House committee see what they    the House committee up with , " Priebus said . " And by the way : They’’re not going    to    up with anything . " ’ "    Priebus’ interview capped   in the     which has been confounded by intelligence leaks and Trump ’s      accusation of wiretapping . " ’   ’ "    Testifying before the House Intelligence Committee on Monday , FBI    Director James Comey announced that the agency was investigating    Trump campaign officials’ relationship with Russia , and said that    the . " "    After Nunes briefed the White House on Tuesday about potential    surveillance of Trump officials   Trump Democrats and some Republicans     the chairman for informing Trump ’s   Trump    alerting his    committee    leading some to call for Nunes to    Nunes and    an independent investigation into Russia ’s    involvement in    election . " ’    The chairman further   when he canceled an open intelligence    committee hearing on Russia with former Russia of National    Intelligence James Clapper , former CIA Director John Brennan , and    former acting Attorney General Sally Yates . ’ ’    Former Trump campaign officials Paul Manafort , Roger Stone , and    Carter Page have agreed to testify before Congress about their    contacts with Russia during the campaign . ’ ’Fox News anchor Chris Wallace pressed White . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 