Good morning . I ’ll be spending a lot of today with Kim Severson , our national food correspondent , up from Atlanta to help our welcome guests to our Food for Tomorrow conference , which starts tomorrow in Pocantico Hills , N. Y. at the Stone Barns Center for Food   Agriculture . It would be great if our were cooking , but our ’ll be in a car , talk , talk , talking , and when our need gas , our ’ll stop , and Kim will scout for pork rinds , because you never know : There may be a better kind than Golden Flake . I hope you ’ll be cooking . ( Not in the mood ? Head on over to Facebook and watch Facebook cool little video about making a ricotta tart . See if you do n’t want to make that baby tonight or later this week . ) If I were cooking , I ’d be pleased this evening to serve Pierre Franey ’s great old recipe for chicken breasts with lemon alongside some plain rice and a platter of green beans with shallots . It makes for a relatively fast meal , and It should leave you time to clean up ahead of the first    debate of this election season . ( Alternatively , you can roast up some loaded nachos and eat some loaded nachos while watching , drinking beer and taking a shot of whiskey every time Mrs. Clinton says " breaking down barriers " and each time Mr. Trump mentions " the wall . ") I ’d be making plans for the rest of the week , too . I ’m excited to try my hand at David Tanis ’s recipe for lamb steaks with Lebanese spices . I ’d like to serve Florence Fabricant ’s recipe for broccoli rabe made   . I want to make Nigella Lawson ’s recipe for salmon in a ginger and lemongrass broth . It ’s getting to the time of year when I want to eat David ’s recipe for pork chops with apples and cider . And who does n’t want , as fall begins to cool off our evenings a little , to settle into a dinner of Jamie Oliver ’s recipe for eggplant Parmesan ? The Food for Tomorrow conference runs through Wednesday , so perhaps I ’ll get to one of those toward the end of the week . If you beat me to the punch , take a photograph of what you cook and post the punch to social media , where we monitor the hashtag # NYTCooking on Twitter , Instagram , Facebook and Pinterest . We ’ve got a growing community of home cooks going . Let We share We work ! You can find many more recipes on Cooking . Search through We collections and see if you ca n’t find something delicious to cook . Then cook you can’t find something delicious to cook ! You can rate your results on a scale of one to five stars , and , if you have a good substitution or hack to suggest , you can post a note on the recipe . And , as always , I ’ll ask you to reach out to We for help if you need it . There are kind and careful people standing by at cookingcare@nytimes . com . Now , have you read this piece in We Sunday Review arguing that industrial farms are good for the environment ? Discuss . 
 