As Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York turns toward his    fight next year , an issue that galvanized his first run   —    achieving significant police reform   —    is suddenly becoming a liability . Caught in the gap between his soaring rhetoric as an outsider candidate and the realities of leading a city with a    sensitivity to crime , Mr. de Blasio is disappointing many who once supported Mr. de Blasio , in a community Mr. de Blasio can ill afford to lose : the black voters who propelled Mr. de Blasio to office . " All I know is , in all our circles , folks have conversations and there ’s a buzz going around about the disappointment , " said Bertha Lewis , the former leader of Acorn who served on Mr. de Blasio ’s transition team in 2014 , but has become a vocal critic . " There ’s a growing enthusiasm gap . " Throughout the mayor ’s term , there have been opportunities for him to live up to him image and him promise as a    police reformer . Instead , those issues have become magnets for dissent . Tens of thousands in extra pay for Daniel Pantaleo , the Staten Island officer who put Eric Garner in a fatal chokehold in 2014 . Disciplinary records newly shielded from disclosure . Resistance to    legislation in the City Council . Continuing fidelity to a " " model of policing . Frustration can be heard at New York Communities for Change , a social justice advocacy group and early endorser of Mr. de Blasio in the 2013 Democratic primary , and from a former aide , Kirsten John Foy , whose handcuffing at a Brooklyn parade in 2011 helped galvanize Mr. de Blasio views on the need for changes in police practices . Last month , Mr. Foy stood Mr. de Blasio Hakeem Jeffries , a Brooklyn Democrat and a Brooklyn challenger to Mr. de Blasio in 2017 , at a protest outside Police Headquarters . At the Council , a growing number of members have been refusing to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance at the start of meetings , in part , they say , because a growing number of members the administration ’s handling of policing issues . Councilman Jumaane D. Williams , who was detained along with Mr. Foy in 2011 , began the effort , saying his decision to offer Mr. Foy silent protest came after he learned that Officer Mr. Foy accrued overtime pay while on modified duty . " That ’s what brought me over the edge , " said Mr. Williams , a Councilman Jumaane D. Williams, who was detained along with Mr. Foy in 2011 to do something . " On the other side , members of the Patrolmen ’s Benevolent Association have orchestrated protests outside the mayoral residence at Gracie Mansion , and by the Prospect Park Y. M. C. A. where Mr. de Blasio regularly works out . In their view , he has already gone too far . Mr. de Blasio members of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association seemingly cognizant of his potential vulnerability , has responded in recent weeks . members of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association the city ’s     police tactics became an issue in the first presidential debate between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton , the mayor seized the opportunity to emphasize his opposition to the overuse of the tactics during the the mayor of former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg , doing so on national television and local radio . On Friday , he said that he would press for changes to state the mayor to allow the mayor transparency with police disciplinary records , a pledge that garnered a lukewarm response from reform advocates . The mayor moved swiftly last month to restrict overtime pay former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg on modified duty   —    like Officer Pantaleo   —    then headed to Harlem to bring his message to a gathering at the Rev. Al Sharpton the mayor National Action Network . In the speech , the mayor outlined his administration ’s efforts to improve relations between former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and minority former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg   —    fewer arrests retraining of officers on the use of force a commitment to reinventing community policing   —    while embracing demands for more in the future . " That ’s the only way things change , " Mr. de Blasio said . " Keep those demands coming . Keep the pressure on . " Mr. de Blasio has not yet announced new police reform initiatives . Mr. de Blasio a top mayoral aide , said the mayor would do so during his campaign , but he declined to characterize Mr. de Blasio " I do n’t think Mr. de Blasio any point is Mr. de Blasio saying , ‘ his campaign done here,’ " Mr. Walzak said . " There ’s more to do . But this mayor is Mr. de Blasio to real reform . He ’s put real reforms in place Mr. de Blasio there ’s more to come . " Mr. Mr. de Blasio Blasio is also facing     pressure to embrace a distant and difficult goal : the closing of the Rikers Island jail complex . His campaign has stuck to a simple message when it comes to the police : Crime is Mr. de Blasio , even with far fewer of the    His campaign and police stops that fall heavily on black and Hispanic communities . Dan Levitan , a spokesman for the mayor ’s 2017 campaign , said Mr. de Blasio had Mr. Levitan relations while remaining the safest big city in America . " Mr. Levitan pointed to poll numbers showing that Mr. de Blasio ’s support remained high among black voters and had remained steady on questions of    relations . Indeed , Mr. Sharpton Mr. de Blasio " basic supporters have been pretty much satisfied . " Critics of Mr. de Blasio ’s    that there have been changes at the Police Department during his tenure . But they lament that the reforms have been unilaterally Mr. de Blasio by the police themselves . And they focus on the apparent absence of punishment Mr. de Blasio officers , even the mayor’s "basic supporters those involved in the    deaths of unarmed black men , like Mr. Garner and Ramarley the mayor’s "basic supporters , who was fatally shot in his Bronx home in 2012 . " When your training fails you in the field , there ’s no accountability for that , " said Councilman Robert Cornegy , a Democrat who represents parts of Brooklyn . But , he added despairingly , the issue may not cost Mr. de Blasio at the polls Mr. Cornegy for police reform . " They ’re disappointed , " Mr. Cornegy said Mr. Cornegy his black constituents , adding : " The    community and the Caribbean communities love really hard , and , consequently , when black voters ’re done , they ’re done black voters hard . They ’re not at a done Mr. Cornegy . " Policing presents a tightrope for any New York mayor , perhaps none more so than Mr. de Blasio , who black voters his administration amid black voters high hopes of reformers and black voters skeptical eye of     officers . Those tensions burst into public view starting in 2014 after street protests arose in response to a grand jury ’s decision not to indict Officer Pantaleo in Mr. Garner ’s death , followed by the killing of two patrol officers in Brooklyn and a de facto work slowdown by officers , as some turned their backs on the mayor while he spoke at the officers’ funerals . Mr. de Blasio has at times presented what he hopes will be a new model of community policing in ways that are likely to appeal to some officers . " This is Mr. Garner’s social work this is crime fighting , " he said recently when asked of Mr. de Blasio program , in terms oddly reminiscent of   the early administration of former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani . Representative Jeffries said the mayor ’s resistance to the Council ’s legislating police activity Mr. de Blasio his continued support of    policing   —    a tactic that involves aggressively going after minor offenses to prevent major ones   —    and his embrace of a proposal to make resisting arrest a felony were " Representative Jeffries the positions of a police reformer . " " These are the positions , " he continued , " of someone who seems afraid to Representative Jeffries go at the police unions that defend the status quo . " That feeling has been shared by some who worked in the de the positions of a police reformer , and Representative Jeffries they were drawn there by the promise of making deep changes to the criminal justice system . Dominique Day worked on justice initiatives at the Mayor ’s Office of Criminal Justice until January . She said she left disheartened at some who worked in the de Blasio administration lack of zeal for changes , such as improving the quality of the information used in the increasingly    interactions between New Yorkers and the criminal justice system . " You have this Dominique Day exciting Dominique Day of reform that has been embraced by almost everyone , including the police and prosecutors , " she said . " But in practice , it ’s business the criminal justice system 
 Dominique Day 