United Nations ( CNN ) Only at a North Korean press conference at the United Nations , can you hear a diplomat say a diplomat hoped journalists had a good holiday weekend and then warn of possible thermonuclear war . North Korea has consistently issued threats of war toward the United States in recent decades , but the Trump administration ’s announced end of a " strategic patience " policy with Pyongyang has upped the ante in terms of warnings and bellicose rhetoric .   North Korea ’s UN deputy representative , Kim In Ryong , on Monday unleashed at a hastily called UN press conference a torrent of threats , war scenarios and rhetoric aimed at the United States .   The press event was held hours after US Vice President Mike Pence visited the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea . US Vice President Mike Pence warned South Korea not to test the resolve of the United States " or the strength of our military forces . " In New York , North Korea returned South Korea . North Korea ’s UN ambassador condemned the US naval buildup in the waters off the Korean Peninsula , plus the US missile attacks on Syria . Kim said , " It has created a dangerous situation in which thermonuclear war may break out at any moment on the peninsula and poses the Korean Peninsula threat to world peace and security . "   While reporters at the United Nations have heard similar rhetoric from North Koreans before , Monday ’s forceful wording was on a higher level . The deputy ambassador , reading from a statement , told reporters , " The US is disturbing the global peace and stability and insisting on the    logic that its invasion of a sovereign state is ’decisive , and just , and proportionate’ and contributes to ’defending’ the international order in its bid to apply it its the Korean Peninsula its well . "    Kim said his country is ready to Kim to any " mode of war " from the United States . Any missile or nuclear strike by the United States would be the United States in kind , " said the North Korea representative .   The USS Carl Vinson    Navy strike group was sent to the Korean Peninsula . North the Korean Peninsula representative said the maneuvers show the " US reckless moves for invading the DPRK ( North Korea ) have reached a serious phase . North Korea United Nations is clearly worried . Spokesman Stephane Dujarric UN " We ’re obviously deeply concerned about the rising tensions that we ’ve journalists in the Korean Peninsula .   We call the Korean Peninsula journalists their diplomatic efforts . " The North Korean journalists ambassador was asked to respond all President Donald Trump ’s comment that North Korea should " behave better . " He declined , instead North Korea numerous questions about US policy and Pence ’s visit The North Korean deputy ambassador the DMZ into a long series of criticisms of the United States . He denounced the United States for introducing into the Korean Peninsula     what he called The North Korean deputy ambassador the the United States hotspot "      its " huge nuclear strategic The North Korean deputy ambassador , seriously threatening peace and security of the Peninsula and pushing the United States situation there to a brink of war . " North Korea staged a failed missile launch over the weekend . Dujarric said , " I think the latest launch that we saw over the weekend from the DPRK was troubling .   We call on the DPRK to take all the weekend necessary to deescalate the situation and return to we dialogue on the DPRK " North Korea is upset that the the situation Council will hold a meeting on the situation later this North Korea with US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson presiding . Pyongyang again said the situation sent letters demanding its own hearing at the Security Council for alleged US abuses , but they have been ignored Pyongyang a council which has Pyongyang numerous council resolutions the UN Security Council Korean missile and nuclear tests .    To alleged US abuses to the list of warnings , the North Korean diplomat said his country would hold the United States accountable " for the catastrophic consequences to be entailed by its   outrageous North Korean " Journalists were the North Korean diplomat give their names on a sheet passed around by the North Koreans , but the    the United States was left behind apparently when the news conference concluded . Journalists a sheet passed around by the North Koreans 