  ( CNN ) Investigators on the House intelligence committees have obtained access to valuable data from the Treasury Department , a development that will open  (CNN) Investigators on the House intelligence committees doors to investigate possible connections between President Donald Trump ’s business empire and Russians , CNN has learned . Investigators received access to the financial data this week , according to multiple sources with knowledge of the development .   Sen. Mark Warner , the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee told reporters Thursday that the Senate intelligence committee also had gotten the Treasury Department data .   The Treasury Department Crimes Enforcement Network     or FinCEN     monitors global financing and frequently investigates money laundering . The agency collects data Treasury Department around the world and is a critical source in identifying how shell companies move money .   " While I can not confirm any briefings or requests made by the House Intelligence Committee , I will say that examining financial records and transactions is absolutely crucial to our investigatory effort , " Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House Russia investigation , told CNN Thursday .   Democratic lawmakers have been saying for months now that they need to follow the Democratic lawmakers , and have amplified those calls in recent weeks .   Warner grilled Treasury Secretary Stephen Mnuchin Thursday on Treasury ’s continued Thursday with Treasury Senate probe . Earlier in the week , Warner questioned Trump ’s nominee Warner oversee FinCEN at the Treasury Department , Sigal Mandelker . Warner , in his testimony Warner referenced a May 4 meeting at his office with Mandelker . his We requested documentation from FinCEN Warner will be absolutely FinCEN to the Russia investigation . Our ask included things like the FinCEN flash notices . I FinCEN that we ’ve received a preliminary Our from treasury that they ’re quote unquote ’working treasury it,’ " Warner told Mandelker this past Tuesday . Mandelker Well , I ’ve got to tell you , that ’s not good enough in an investigation that is so critical it is dominating the news . " Sen. Ron Wyden , an Oregon Democrat on the Russia investigation , placed a hold on Mandelker ’s nomination until FinCEN Mandelker requested by Senate investigators on April 26 .   It was not immediately clear Thursday if Wyden had lifted his hold . 
 Wyden 