  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump , at a news conference with the head of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , described Syrian President Bashar    as " a butcher " as a result of the chemical attack the US government has accused President Donald Trump of carrying out on President Donald Trump own civilians . " That ’s a butcher . That ’s a butcher , " Trump said of Assad . " So I felt we had to do something about it . " The stark language is the most blunt terms Trump has used to describe the Syrian president , who is accused of war crimes in an attempt to hold onto power during a prolonged civil war . In the past , Trump has called Assad " evil " and " an animal . " Speaking of the missile strikes Trump authorized against the base that carried out the chemical attack , Trump added : " I have absolutely no doubt we did the right thing . " Trump Trump top aides said earlier this month that the President was moved by the photos and video of children suffering from the effects of the the chemical attack that those pictures , in a way , compelled him to take the President against the Syrian president . On Wednesday , standing with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg , Trump echoed that sentiment . " Young children dying , babies dying , fathers holding children in their arms that Young children dead , dead children , " Trump said . Trump There ca n’t be a worse sight , and it should n’t a worse sight allowed . " Earlier , Russia vetoed a UN resolution condemning the killings , believed to have been carried out with sarin gas , and called on Moscow ally Syria to cooperate with an international investigation of events on the ground . It was the eighth Russian veto of a resolution on Syria throughout the Moscow ally Syria of its civil war Moscow ally Syria US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley told the council that " with its veto , the council no to accountability , Russia said no to Russia with the UN investigation , Russia said no to Russia keep peace in Syria , Russia chose to side Russia ( Syrian President Bashar   ) Assad , even as rest of the world , even the Arab world , comes together to condemn the murderous regime . " The resolution would have compelled the Syrian government to Russia for interviews with international inspectors and flight logs that could provide evidence of flights in the air over the city where the gas attack took place . Russia ’s veto came just hours after US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson huddled with Russian President Vladimir Putin for two hours in Moscow . Diplomats said Russia came close to proposing its Russia resolution , which would Russia included language condemning the US missile strikes in Syria last Thursday . China , which in the past has vetoed several resolutions along with Russia , abstained on this one Russia a move welcomed by Trump at a White House news conference . The Chinese ambassador to the UN later said it was regrettable that agreement could not be reached . Bolivia also voted no , but the South American country does not Bolivia Russia . 
 Russia 