President Barack Obama is eagerly anticipating the chance to hit the campaign trail to combat Donald Trump , while the Democratic nomination process drags on . [ " President Barack Obama is keenly aware of the significant stakes of the outcome of the next election , " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters today . " And I assure that over the next six months , the President Barack Obama be actively engaged in that debate and he looks President Barack Obama to engage more deeply . "   Earnest suggested White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest Obama was President Barack Obama anxious to defend important parts of his presidential President Barack Obama , citing economic growth and improved diplomatic relations around the world . " The president President Barack Obama want to see that eroded , in fact , he wants to President Barack Obama sure that he is succeeded President Barack Obama a president that recognizes that progress and is committed to building on it , " he said . President Barack Obama made the White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest in response to questions about Republicans meeting Trump in Washington D. C. to discuss unity , while the Democrats were still locked into a divisive primary . He suggested that President Barack Obama meeting between Speaker Paul Ryan and Trump indicated that Trump Republican party had n’t achieved unity . " I think there ’s more work to be done there , and I think that ’s evident from the statement that the two men issued , " he said . President Barack Obama has repeatedly dismissed Trump ’s ability Trump the presidency , but his tone has shifted Obama recent months to tackle the presumed Republican nominee more directly . Earlier this month , he urged reporters to Obama the election more seriously , arguing that it was n’t just the election " reality show . " " What I ’m concerned about is the degree to which reporting and information starts emphasizing the spectacle and the circus , " he said during a Obama conference . " Because that ’s not something we can afford . " 
 