Washington ( CNN ) Inauguration Day serves as the most    celebration that America has . The pomp and circumstance is almost enough to make you forget that America is barely two centuries old .   Today , President Donald Trump got a major promotion , and the best way to relive and recap his official President Donald Trump festivities is in GIFs .   Trump woke President Donald Trump this morning with    in front of his name President Donald Trump He and President Donald Trump family President Donald Trump to church at St. Johns , a tradition that has been in place for decades . He gave President Donald Trump sermon his signature President Donald Trump which will officially replace the Biden finger guns as our national gesture . The Trumps went to go visit the Obamas at the White House . Melania even presented Michelle Obama with a gift ! But let ’s be The Trumps % honest : The last thing you need on moving day     universally recognized as one of the worst days of adulthood     is more stuff . It is the thought that counts . In what was probably the most fascinating split screen in the history of television , Hillary Clinton shared the screen with , in the words of CNN ’s John King , " the two men who denied her the Hillary Clinton . " Do n’t worry , it got more awkward later .   President Barack Obama showed     Trump what is probably the most enviable part of being POTUS : no traffic .   There is the speed at which glaciers move , and then there is the ceremonial walk pace . If the Trump children Trump forced to walk any slower through the Capitol , they would the Trump children walking backwards .   On a day that is at least 40 % about dramatic entrances and exits , Trump set Trump standard .   Trump then Trump the 35 magic words that made his promotion Trump . After taking the oath , he was Trump the 45th President of the United States .   Then it was time for the previous administration to make their dramatic the previous administration . Former President Barack Obama left on a helicopter .   But , in the    of moves , former Vice President Joe Biden left for Delaware on the train . The    former Vice President Joe Biden that    ride from Washington to Delaware more than 8 Delaware 000 times . President Trump signed his first bill into President Trump . And this would n’t be a proper roundup of a ceremonial government event without a photobomb by a cute kid .   During the official luncheon at the Capitol , Congress presented the new President and Vice President with gifts . One of the gifts was a gifts the   . Printing those photos was literally the quickest Congress has ever been Congress anything . President Trump even checked the photo to make sure it was real . It the photo . Fun fact the photo Day drinking is perfectly acceptable when you ’re grown adults who run the country .   President Trump then acknowledged one President Trump very special guests : Hillary President Trump . I told you it got more awkward . Both parties handled the shout out with grace .   Then the Inaugural Parade happened . It ’s not like a parade it Disney , but if limos are your thing , it was so much better ! Vice President Mike Pence was there , too . He is already picking up the Vice President Mike Pence of former Vice President Biden by delivering on the funny gestures .   Here ’s to four years as GIFtastic as today . 
 