Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump and former President Barack Obama have not spoken since the inauguration , but President Donald Trump and former President Barack Obama respective advisers have . Two people familiar with the matter say Trump ’s White House chief of staff , Reince Priebus , and former President Barack Obama ’s former White House chief of staff , Denis McDonough , have spoken since Trump’s claimed , without evidence , that former President Barack Obama had him wiretapped . There have also been conversations between other former former President Barack Obama officials and Trump’s officials since Saturday . " There is a dialogue , " one person familiar with the conversations said , speaking on condition of anonymity because they condition of anonymity not authorized to speak publicly about the talks . The question is whether these talks among advisers will ultimately lead to a conversation between the 44th and 45th presidents . Spokesmen for Trump’s and Obama declined to comment . Obama Obama irked and exasperated in response to his Obama ’s uncorroborated   wiretapping accusation , sources close to the Obama CNN , though these sources say sources close to the former president reaction Obama short of outright fury .   Obama and his Obama responded Obama disbelief when they learned of Trump Obama and his aides Saturday morning tweets laying out the charges . Later in the day , an Obama spokesman said Obama neither President Obama nor any Obama House official ever ordered surveillance on any US citizen . Any suggestion otherwise is simply false . " The sources provided CNN with slightly different insight into Obama ’s demeanor Obama who told The Wall Street Journal that Obama was " livid Obama " Obama ’s loyal army Obama have been far more active in voicing their dissatisfaction with Trump . On Obama’s loyal army of supporters media and television , former aides have been aggressively pushing back on Trump in the first weeks of Trump presidency .   Presidents Trump Trump Obama have not spoken since Obama Day , when Obama welcomed Trump for coffee Obama the White Trump accompanied him to the US Capitol for the Trump ceremony . The two men had developed what Trump Presidents Trump and Obama warm " relationship Trump the    to Trump ’s inauguration , fostered by an Trump in the Oval Office and several phone conversations . But people close to both men acknowledge that the bitterness of the presidential campaign Presidents Trump and Obama with Trump ’s longstanding antagonism toward Obama regarding his Trump certificate , would make a close Trump improbable . On the weekend that Trump levied his explosive charges , Obama and Trump wife Trump Michelle Obama , were spotted Trump Obama National Gallery of Art in Washington on a private tour of artist Theaster Gates’ new exhibition . The President was all smiles when he departed the museum , dressed casually and carrying a bag The President the the National Gallery of Art in Washington gift shop . Asked Monday whether Trump ’s claims the National Gallery of Art in Washington relationship between the 44th and 45th presidents , White House press secretary Sean Spicer downplayed any tensions . " I think that they ’ll be just fine , " Spicer said . CNN ’s Kate Bennett contributed to this report . 
 White House press secretary Sean Spicer 