WASHINGTON   —    President Obama said on Monday that President Obama had urged    Donald J. Trump to reach out to minority groups , women and others who were alienated by President Obama campaign , during the president ’s first news conference since   Donald J. Trump won the election in a stunning upset that has imperiled Mr. Obama ’s legacy . " There are certain things that make for good sound bites but do n’t always translate into good policy , and that ’s something that I think that President Obama and President Obama team will wrestle with , " Mr. Mr. Obama’s in the White House briefing room . " I did say to him , Mr. Obama’s I ’ve said publicly , that because of the nature of the campaigns and the bitterness and the ferocity of the campaigns the campaigns it ’s really important to send some signals of unity , and to reach out to minority groups , or women , or others that were concerned about the tenor of the campaign , and I think that ’s something that he will Mr. Obama’s to do . " Mr. Obama also said he thought that Mr. Obama Trump was entering office with fewer set policy ideas than other   . " I do n’t think he is ideological Mr. Obama " Mr. Obama said Mr. Obama I think ultimately he is pragmatic . Mr. Obama Mr. Obama , who during the campaign called Mr. Trump temperamentally unfit Mr. Trump unqualified to be president , has since said his priority is to Mr. Obama an orderly transition of power to help Mr. Trump succeed for the Mr. Trump the country . He sidestepped a question Mr. Obama Mr. Trump ’s actions since his Mr. Trump his selection on Sunday Mr. Trump Stephen K. Bannon Mr. Trump a media mogul whose website , Breitbart . com , has promoted white nationalist , racist and    views , as his chief White House Mr. Obama and senior counselor . " Without copping out , I think it ’s fair to say that it would copping out be appropriate for me to copping out " on Mr. Trump ’s personnel decisions , Mr. Obama said . Mr. Obama remarked last week Mr. Obama Trump ’s comments and behavior had been more statesmanlike Mr. Trump’s election , saying that he had been " encouraged " Mr. Obama the change in tone . Since then , the    has used Twitter to complain about postelection protests against him and object to the way Mr. Obama New York Times has covered him . Mr. Trump ’s elevation Mr. Obama Mr. Bannon , who was a Mr. Trump’s to the campaign , has drawn scathing criticism from Democrats and some Republicans who warn that the    is placing a divisive figure with fringe views deep inside the    Wing . White House officials say Mr. Obama has not changed his view of Mr. Trump since the campaign this fall , when he Mr. Obama Mr. Trump as a bigot who had cozied up to white Mr. Obama and Mr. Trump be trusted with the nuclear codes . But Mr. Obama has told the American public that he believes the will of Mr. Obama should be respected . During a       Mr. Obama on Thursday in the Oval Office , the president tutored Mr. Trump , who has no government policy or elective experience Mr. Obama a wide range of domestic and foreign policy matters he will have to deal with on his first day in office . Mr. Obama Mr. Obama the news conference just before departing Mr. Obama a weeklong trip to Greece , Germany and Peru   —    his final scheduled trip abroad as president   —    where he expected to face questions Mr. Obama anxious American allies . For months , Mr. Obama assured Mr. Obama allies that Mr. Trump would not win the White House . Now Mr. Obama said on anxious American allies he will tell European allies that they should not fear for the Mr. Obama of NATO under a Mr. Obama presidency . In the Oval Office European allies on Thursday , Mr. Obama said , Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump a great interest in maintaining our core strategic relationships Mr. Obama so one of the Mr. Trump will be able to deliver is his commitment to NATO and the    alliance . " 
 Mr. Obama NATO 