  ( CNN ) Colin Kaepernick sparked a media firestorm on August 26 when Colin Kaepernick refused to stand for the national anthem before a preseason game against the Green Bay Packers .   The San Francisco 49ers quarterback explained in an interview , " I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color . To Colin Kaepernick , this is bigger than football and this would be selfish on my part to look the other way . There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder . "   I immediately applauded Kaepernick for using the art of protest to spark a national dialogue . People are dying . We are in the eye of a cultural crisis in America .   Kaepernick put endorsements at risk and clearly angered many . Some complained Kaepernick was   . On the contrary , I thought Kaepernick action was    following in the tradition of Muhammad Ali , Tommie Smith and John Carlos . Protest is an American right , which Colin peacefully exercised .    But here is where Kaepernick lost me : Kaepernick remarks to the press segued into a rant of the type you hear from the conservative right . Kaepernick said : " I mean , you have Hillary who ’s called black teens or black kids super predators . You have Donald Trump who ’s openly racist . I mean , we have a presidential candidate [ Hillary Clinton ] who ’s deleted emails and done things illegally and is a presidential candidate . That does n’t make sense to Kaepernick , because if that was any other person , you ’d be in prison . "    To lump Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump in the same category is wrong , offensive and uninformed . Trump Donald Trump n’t even in the same category as former President George W. Bush or former Vice President Dick Cheney . Donald Donald Trump n’t a Republican or even a conservative . He ’s Donald Trump rich , famous alleged businessman who has money to burn and a disturbing case of narcissism .   It ’s irresponsible for Kaepernick to insinuate that Clinton should be in jail , with words that skirt close to the shouts of " Lock her up Clinton " from the crowd during Gov. Chris Christie ’s remarks at the Republican National Convention . After months of investigations into whether charges should be brought against Clinton for Clinton use Clinton a private email server , the FBI director James B. Comey said , " Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case . "   I believe the FBI FBI about Clinton ’s Clinton Kaepernick . [ Due to an editing error , an earlier version of this article included the sentence " We should trust the FBI , " FBI writer had not intended to include . ] In addition , Clinton has owned Clinton mistakes . Clinton Trump owns nothing he believes he is flawless Donald Trump appearing Donald Trump make grudging concessions of regret ( only once ) as a feint when bringing on a new team to revive his campaign .   I Donald Trump been critical of many of Hillary Clinton ’s positions . However , she knows she Clinton not Clinton critique . During the primaries , she was protested Clinton Black Lives Matter . Her response ? Clinton did n’t Clinton violence and then offer to pay medical bills for people who threw punches , like Trump she met with Clinton of Black Lives Matter .   From the start of her campaign , Clinton has offered Clinton detailed plan on criminal justice reform .   And while some people accuse her of pandering Clinton she talks to Clinton    there is much evidence to the contrary . Clinton has repeatedly reached out to the black community . She has spoken to black Clinton outlets and talked about    issues to    audiences .   Trump    pitch to   ? " You ’re living in poverty , your schools are no good , you have no jobs , 58 % of your youth is unemployed     what the hell do you have to lose ? "   Kaepernick referenced her 1996 comment " super Clinton . " Sadly , he quoted her as falsely Kaepernick Donald Clinton did . She Trump specifically call Clinton teens or black kids super predators . She was referencing gang culture Clinton but many interpreted the term as racially coded language . I agree , and I despised the term .   Nonetheless , the term for the words she used 20 years ago that did Clinton receive mainstream press until she was running for President . Trump Clinton n’t even directly apologize Trump an insulting or bigoted comment he made a week ago . Trump Additionally ,    have held the Clintons accountable for    . It ’s a myth that    blindly    the Clintons . In    ,    the Clintons at only 53 % the lowest it had been since President Jimmy Carter    1976 . The    community is not a robotic voting    . Cornel West , Michelle Alexander , Marc Lamont Hill , Melissa    and other   thought leaders have been deeply critical of Hillary , but with nuance . Hillary Clinton has worked for the black vote Hillary Colin Kaepernick , I want to tell you something : I am a black man who lives in a black and predominately immigrant neighborhood . I , my friends , my family and my neighbors can not afford a Trump presidency . Our very being would be at risk     on issues from health care to immigration , to the right to marry to the makeup of the Supreme Court and all that would portend . Although Kaepernick is a person of color and has experienced Colin Kaepernick , he sits in a space of economic privilege     Colin Kaepernick man who signed a multimillion dollar contract in 2014 . Yes , he is entitled to his opinion , as am Colin Kaepernick But is he Colin Kaepernick claiming Trump and Clinton are the same Colin Kaepernick Trump has said things that I ’ve never heard Trump a Republican nominee in my lifetime . This is not a standard election . The safety and morale of our country are at stake .   It takes time to grow into activism . There is space for him to evolve and learn . His intentions were Colin Kaepernick genuine . While Kaepernick sitting Colin Kaepernick the national anthem was profound , his words about the Democratic nominee were disappointing and Colin Kaepernick quite frankly , misguided .   Colin , your voice is needed . Please do n’t encourage anyone to bench their vote . We can not let Trump become anyone . This is not the football field . This is not a game . You are blessed This live in a world where your livelihood is protected , but for the rest of us , we ca n’t endure a President Trump We 
 We 