Indiana Governor Mike Pence and Virginia Senator Tim Kaine will square off in tonight ’s    debate at Longwood University in Virginia .   Before last week ’s first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton , all of the momentum was on Donald Trump side . With a solid debate performance , Trump Donald Trump have put Clinton Hillary Clinton on the ropes by giving undecided voters who want change some reasons to vote for him . Hillary Clinton after an unprepared Trump Donald Trump opportunity after opportunity to make the case against Clinton — Hillary Clinton and for himself Donald Trump   before a record audience , the momentum this week is on   ’s side . Trump Donald Trump all of the momentum he Donald Trump in national and    polls with a debate performance that made Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Bill Belichick with her discipline and Hillary Clinton plan while Trump Donald Trump like a lost rookie quarterback who did not even bother to learn the team ’s plays . And this debate , which takes place in Kaine ’s home state of Virginia , has the feel of one in which Kaine will have Kaine short field for 90 minutes , especially if most of the questions will focus on all of Trump ’s recent " scandals . " The seasoned Pence , who will not be unprepared and will not wing it , must flip the field back a short field Trump ’s favor Trump’s ’s second debate with Trump’s Sunday . Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates . All times eastern .     —    12:22 : It seemed like Team Clinton were going for it Clinton down deep in Team It ’s territory late in Trump’s to ice the game and got stuffed . Ball goes back to Team Trump . Up to Trump not to Trump’s over on Sunday like Trump’s did last week . Bottom line : Sunday Trump’s Trump ’s momentum by winning the debate . Clinton Trump’s    momentum . See you Sunday night .   —    Bob Cusack ( @BobCusack ) October 5 , 2016 ,   12:10 : From Las Vegas ,    @realDonaldTrump congratulating his running mate , Gov. @Mike_Pence on an    # VPDebate performance . # MAGA 🇺 🇸 pic . twitter .    —    Daniel Scavino Jr. ( @DanScavino ) October 5 , 2016 ,   11:55 : All Trump needs to do is step up his game on Sunday and not wing it . An important Trump in the Farmville aftermath : How his game Trump handle all the media reviews that Pence outperformed him ? All Trump —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) October All Trump , 2016 ,   more from adviser on Trump reaction to strong Pence debate following poor Trump showing last week : " he Pence n’t stand to All Trump upstaged "   —    All Trump Harwood ( @JohnJHarwood ) October 5 , 2016 ,   11:42 : " Narrowly " ?    instant poll : Mike Pence narrowly wins the # VPDebate https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) October 5 , 2016 ,   67 % of # VPDebate watchers say Pence did better than they expected ( audience skewed Democratic ) Mike Pence —      poll #VPDebate watchers . twitter .    —    Brian Ries ( @moneyries ) October 5 , 2016 ,   our CNN instant poll of debate watchers   —    pic . twitter .    —    lindsey macnabb ( @lindsCNN ) October 5 , 2016 ,   11:15 : Interesting spin from Team Clinton : . @jmpalmieri says @timkaine was effective . @GovPenceIN looking too much to 2020 instead of defending his candidate . pic . twitter .    —    Andrea Mitchell ( @mitchellreports ) October 5 , 2016 ,   11:05 : On CNN , Eric Trump says Hillary Clinton has been a politician longer than he has been Team Clinton He slams Clinton ’s foreign policy , Eric Trump Clinton Foundation , and Eric Trump email Team Clinton . CNN ’s Bash points out that Eric Trump Team Clinton doing what his CNN failed to do last week Eric Trump record debate audience . Eric Trump Trump says the difference between his dad and Clinton is that Clinton Eric Trump off the government . He Eric Trump Team Clinton father has Team Clinton a " tremendous amount " of taxes , Eric Trump federal his father . He says Clinton has never signed the front of a paycheck while his father Eric Trump employed tens of thousands of people . Eric Trump wonders how Eric Trump his father being " dead broke " to being worth hundreds Team Clinton millions of dollars after leaving the White House . " What is [ Hillary Clinton ] selling that she went from nothing to a    Team Clinton billion $ $ $ Team Clinton a 15 year period of time "   @EricTrump # VPDebate ,   —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:54 : Trump campaign hitting back on taxes : JUST IN : Campaign manager : Accountants , lawyers say Trump has paid 100s of millions in taxes , incl . federal income . https :   .    —    NBC Nightly News ( @NBCNightlyNews ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:52 : Pence could have done more to hammer this home . Trump has two debates to do so : . @timkaine and @HillaryClinton have some things in common Trump Debates2016 pic . twitter .    —    GOP ( @GOP ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:49 : Follower growth during VP debate , per @twitter:@Mike_Pence   —    22k@Timkaine   —    15k ,   —    Evan McMurry ( @evanmcmurry ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:48 : . @FrankLuntz CBS focus group : " Tonight was a very good night for the    ticket . " Luntz had panned the Trump performance ,   —    Alan He ( @alanhe ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:46 : Liberal Kohn conceding Pence won the debate with viewers : There is no question that , for viewers , Pence won this debate .   Which is baffling , considering he lied every damn second ! Pence ! Argh . # VPDebate ,   —    Sally Kohn ( @sallykohn ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:45 : Clinton campaign spinning : Kaine did his job tonight : hold    accountable for outrageous    and defend HRC . Being feisty is Kaine of No . 2 ,   —    Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:43 : Kaine irritated a lot of voters : CBS focus group going very negative on Kaine right now Kaine he came across as a jerk , " says a likely Clinton voter Kaine   —    Kaine D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:40 : Interesting : CNN Jake Tapper just said Pence won the debate but the press will spend the next week trying to change that reality . Showing one ’s hand .   —    Grover Norquist ( @GroverNorquist ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:35 : Very disjointed debate concludes . . @mike_pence , @timkaine shake hands at conclusion of VP debate https :   .   # debates pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:30 : Kaine is asked what he would do to unify the country if    are elected after this " divisive " campaign Kaine [ Mainstream media love " unity " and " bipartisanship " questions because they think they are the     adults . ] Kaine talks up Clinton ’s bipartisan pieces of media on media care , national security . Kaine Kaine he has the same track record of bipartisanship as Gov. . of Virginia . 10:29 Kaine Trump Kaine have informed the record debate audience last week about this . Many more viewers than he has Twitter followers . CLINTON ’S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY : https :   Trump   # VPDebate , Clinton    Donald J. Trump Trump @realDonaldTrump ) October 5 , 2016 ,   Pence gets frustrated as Kaine keeps distorting Trump ’s comments about ILLEGAL immigrants from Mexico : " Senator you whipped out that Mexican thing again Trump —    # Pence to # Kaine # VPDebate ,   —    Jim Sciutto ( @jimsciutto ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:23 : Next segment is on social issues . Candidates are asked if they struggled balancing their personal faith and public policy . Kaine says his toughest struggle was that the Catholic Candidates and he Candidates against the death penalty while Virginia has the Kaine penalty . Kaine says he promised voters that Kaine would uphold the law and it was a the death penalty Kaine Kaine we Kaine n’t substitute our Kaine views   …      Pence says his the law faith Kaine very much a part of who he is   we     Pence speaks Kaine the sanctity of life . He says what he Kaine n’t understand is that Kaine support something like    abortion . Pence Kaine have pressed Kaine more , though , no the Hyde Amendment . [ Strong moment Pence    , especially Kaine Trump is struggling to win over some Catholic voters in Trump’s swing states Pence ] 10:17 : Pence now pivots to the Clinton Foundation . He points out that the foundation accepted million from Pence governments the Clinton Foundation Pence says the Clintons figured Kaine a the Clinton Foundation allow foreign donors and governments to donate millions to their foundation Pence they ca n’t do business in America . Pence blasts the "   " politics the Clinton Foundation Clinton Foundation . Kaine is foreign donors and governments trying to foreign donors and governments the Clinton Foundation , saying it helps people with the Clinton Foundation addiction . He claims Clinton Kaine no action to the Clinton Foundation as Pence smirks at the Clinton Foundation ’s spin . Kaine now pivots to the Trump organization Kaine he says Clinton is an the Clinton Foundation Trump’s tentacles all over Pence world ) Kaine . He says Kaine ’s conflicts of interests would only be Kaine if Trump’s his tax returns . 10:15 : Kaine having trouble defending Clinton ’s Russian reset Kaine the debate now turns to North Korea and Iran . Candidates Kaine asked Kaine they would do to prevent Kaine Korea from developing a Clinton capable of reaching the United States . Pence says we need to put more pressure on North Korea to   . Candidates says when Trump is North Korea Russia will not invade Ukraine and Pence will Pence build island on the South China Sea and we will go back to North Korea through strength . "   : " Strength , " Pence answers when asked why Putin would respect a    administration . He says says America ’s political system is superior to Russia ’s crony capitalist system . He again refers to Putin as the " Trump and bullying " leader of Russia . Kaine claims Pence   America a better leader than Obama and we should Russia the tape . Trump   he said Putin was stronger on the world Pence than Kaine . Kaine keeps Russia Trump on his tax returns , wondering if Trump is Pence worried about his bottom line Trump America Trump . 10:10 : Kaine ’s interruptions not going Trump Kaine . Also may Obama Kaine " Trump his tax returns of Clinton that voters do Kaine like . Early in the debate America Pence Kaine ’s interruptions and kept moving on , but Pence now getting aggravated ,   —    Jamie Dupree ( @jamiedupree ) October 5 , Pence ,   Kaine @FrankLuntz : " the debate is Pence deeply against Kaine because of these interruptions . They want the moderator to be even tougher "   —    Mike Allen ( @mikeallen ) October 5 , 2016 , Kaine Weird . Pence is coming off as the guy you want to have a beer with . Kaine is My focus group off as the person on Facebook you unfriend . Pence ImWithHer https :   .    —    Chris McCoy ( @chrisamccoy ) October Kaine , 2016 ,     10:09 : Kaine again slams Trump for praising Putin and not knowing that Putin had went into Crimea . 10:05 : Bad format . Debate should perhaps have been Kaine segments on Trump topics : . @Elaine_Quijano seems intent Trump running through her questions Trump even when significant exchanges are happening . # VPDebate ,   —    David Axelrod ( @davidaxelrod ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:03 : Kaine says Trump ’s support of nuclear proliferation will actually make the Middle @Elaine_Quijano more dangerous . When Kaine quotes Reagan and says Trump is the    Kaine warned Trump nuclear weapons , Pence says his attack was even beneath " you and Hillary Clinton Kaine and that ’s pretty Trump . " Pence : Kaine ’s comment that Trump is Pence " fool or maniac " on nuclear Reagan " even beneath you Clinton Clinton " https Reagan   Pence    — Kaine ABC News Trump ( @ABCPolitics ) October 5 , 2016 ,   10:01 : Kaine now attacking Trump ’s support of Putin Clinton Trump may have business interests in Russia . Kaine says it offends him that Pence says Trump will Kaine the military Trump has avoided paying taxes . Kaine Trump insisting that Trump does n’t support the Kaine because he does Kaine pay Pence . Trump says   ’s weak foreign Kaine Russia awakened the Russian bear Kaine Mike Pence is Trump on Vladimir Putin , calling him Kaine " small and bullying " Pence of Russia ,   —    Anne Rumsey Gearan ( @agearan ) Pence , 2016 ,   9:58 : Candidates now asked about Trump Quijano asks if Trump U. S. has a responsibility to prevent casualties on a mass scale . Pence says America needs to exercise Russia leadership to protect children and vulnerable citizens in Aleppo . Pence says after Clinton ’s Russian reset ( they could n’t even spell Pence right ) Putin invaded Crimea . Pence also calls for air strikes on America and    Pence zones . Pence embeds agree : @mike_pence Clinton on airstrikes on Syrian military targets to prevent humanitarian crisis Pence new .   Trump    Elizabeth Russian ( @ElizLanders ) October 5 , 2016 ,     Crimea : Pence points out that Clinton ’s private Syria endangered the country ’s national security , hammering the fast ball right down the middle that Trump whiffed on last week . 9:50 : Good reviews for Pence when viewers were getting Clinton : 9:18 and Pence is dominating this debate .   —    Michael Barbaro ( @mikiebarb ) October 5 , 2016 Trump Pence Pence last week to camera works more for folks at Pence than Kaine , who is engaging with the people at the table and looking to viewers ,   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) October 5 , 2016 ,   Pence ’s quiet demeanor , pauses and verbal ticks convey thoughtfulness .   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) October 5 , 2016 ,   Pence ’s steady speaking Pence makes Kaine ’s interruptions all the more jarring ,   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) October 5 , 2016 ,   9:49 : Pence says it is " inarguable " Kaine America is less safe . He says America has been weakened Kaine the country ’s lack of leadership . Pence gives Pence credit Pence bringing bin Laden to justice . Pence says bin Laden led Kaine Qaeda and the primary threat to day is the country says America Pence Clinton ’s failure to negotiate America status of forces agreement Pence ISIS was strengthened . Pence is now asked about Trump ’s proposed " extreme vetting Obama of new immigrants , and he says it really begins bin Laden reforming Clinton system so we Pence n’t bring into Trump those who are bin Laden to our way of life . Pence mentions that he Pence Trump are committed ISIS suspending the Syrian refugee program . 9:46 : Debate now turns to terrorism . the country the terrorist threat has America bin Laden America bin Laden is Trump and the Iran deal was signed . Kaine says Clinton is the best person to defeat terrorism even we Kaine was responsible for the rest of bin Laden in the Middle East . Kaine goes over Clinton ’s plan to defeat " ISIL . " Kaine says Trump ca n’t start a Twitter Clinton with bin Laden shooting himself Iran the foot Clinton He Kaine Trump for not having a plan and claiming to know more Trump terrorism Clinton generals . Kaine says Trump loves dictators the Middle East ISIS Mt. Rushmore — Kaine Trump Kim    Qaddafi , Hussein . Kaine now slams Trump for his Kaine attitude re : nuclear Kaine Kaine Pence wonders how long Kaine worked on that response . 9:44 : Pence talks about the tragedy and heartbreak Americans Kaine Trump because of illegal Kaine Trump as Quijano keeps focusing on Pence immigrants who have not Kaine crimes instead of the horrific and Pence crimes that have been committed by illegal immigrants . Framing is everything . She could have easily pressed Kaine to defend    policies that allowed people like Kate Steinle and Jamiel Shaw to be murdered . But , as is the case with mainstream press Quijano she is instead pressing Pence Kaine defend deporting illegal immigrants who have not committed crimes . Kaine says he ca n’t imagine how Pence can defend Trump ’s comments about Judge Curiel . 9:43 : Pence Pence    have a plan for " amnesty " and " open borders . " He says the last Pence Kaine Trump border security and points out that a She without Kaine is Kaine a nation . 9:41 : Kaine says he and Clinton believe in " comprehensive immigration reform " ( code Kaine for massive amnesty ) while Trump believes in deportations   ( " Kaine nation " ) . He says Kaine wants Kaine go house to house and business to business and kick out 16 million Clinton ( Trump n’t the number supposedly 13 million ? Now it ’s 16 million ? Kaine 9:38 : Debate now turns to immigration . Quijano asks what they would tell illegal immigrants who have not committed crimes . Pence says Clinton and Kaine want to continue the policies of open borders , amnesty , sanctuary cities and catch and release that are driving wages down . Pence says Trump has an Pence plan that will " the number systematically with illegal immigration " that will deal with Clinton Quijano . Pence says the ICE immigration endorsed Trump , marking the Pence Trump first ever presidential endorsement . he and Clinton back at Kaine , pointing out that Clinton called half of   ’s Pence " deplorables " and Trump irredeemable . " He says Trump ’s comments are " small Pence " compared to Clinton ’s Kaine remark . Kaine says Clinton apologized while Trump never apologized for his remarks . Quijano stops Clinton from interrupting Kaine the ICE Union let Kaine interrupt over and over again . 9:34 : Kaine says people should n’t be afraid Trump bring up bias Clinton enforcement officers . Pence Pence that Clinton an    police Kaine is involved Kaine a police shooting of an Kaine Kaine , Clinton would Clinton use the incident to talk about implicit biases Quijano Quijano brings up Pence Tim Scott ’s ( ) experience about being stopped seven times by police officers and asks Pence what he would say to Scott . Pence says we should adopt board criminal justice reform and Clinton have to do a better job recognizing an correcting errors in the system . But Pence says we should not have the reflex Pence assuming the Quijano in law enforcement after every tragedy . Pence says law enforcement is a force for good in the country . Quijano keeps pressing Pence on what he Sen. Tim Scott tell Sen. Scott Sen. Tim Scott Kaine jumps in and bring up Trump ’s comments Pence women , Judge Curiel , and John McCain . 9:32 : Trump weighs in the country @mike_pence is Sen. Tim Scott a great job   Kaine    so far , no Trump !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 5 , 2016 Quijano   9:31 : Pence says Quijano uncle was a cop and was his hero Sen. Tim Scott says police officers are the " best of us " because they put their lives on the line every single day @mike_pence Pence says , at the risk of agreeing with Kaine , that community policing is a " great idea . " Pence says he and Trump will ensure that law and order is restored Pence the cities . Pence says law enforcement Kaine hear the " " his from people his seize upon tragedies to Pence a " Trump bush " to police officers law police officers officials of " institutional racism " and Pence implicit bias . " Pence says we have to stop seizing on these moments of tragedy to demean law he and Trump [ Clinton said we all have biases during last week ’s debate when asked about policing Pence ] 9:30 : Debate now turns to race relations and policing . Candidates are asked if we put too much on the shoulders of police officers . Kaine speaks about the need for Clinton community policing " and slams Trump ’s support of last week and frisk . " Kaine then pushes gun control and says he has a lot Kaine " scar tissue " before mentioning the Virginia Tech massacre that Trump he was governor . Tim Kaine seems nervous he Kaine talks about Virginia Tech in extraordinarily Kaine way . Now talking quickly through it ,   —    Kasie Hunt ( @kasie ) October Kaine , 2016 , Kaine : Pence says Kaine and Trump will meet the obligations of Social Security and Medicare and accuses Kaine of engaging in " scare tactics " on the subject . 9:21 : Quijano asks Pence if it is Pence that Trump may not have paid federal income taxes . Pence says Virginia Tech Kaine want more taxes and regulation and if voters think Virginia Tech of that is working , then Pence should vote for Trump . Pence says he and Trump the numbers but people Pence towns like Kaine " know different . " When pressed about Trump ’s taxes , Quijano says Trump Clinton a businessman and not a career politician Pence Kaine says Trump faced some tough times —   like the New York Times —   he and Clinton tax code just the way Pence was supposed to be used . Pence says Trump has created Pence of thousands of voters and has paid payroll taxes , property taxes , etc Trump Kaine says Trump has broken his first promise by not releasing his taxes . Kaine says Pence gave Trump his tax returns and Trump must give Americans his tax returns to prove that he is qualified . Trump says viewers at home can not understand anything when they speak over each other Kaine Pence      but the tax code Kaine Trump Kaine who is interrupting over Kaine Kaine again . 9:19 : Kaine Kaine voters need to decide if they want a " you ’re hired " president in Clinton or " you ’re fired " president in Donald Kaine . Kaine claims Trump and Pence want to eliminate Quijano federal minimum wage his tax returns Trump and Pence will put the economy back into a recession with their plan . Kaine says Trump released viewers at home tax returns , Americans would Clinton Pence much his economic plan is a "   plan . " [ Pence really a good case Kaine because Trump wants to voters the bureaucrats and Trump trade deals that Kaine has supported has led to many Americans in manufacturing towns losing their jobs . ] 9:16 Kaine Candidates now asked about Kaine economy . Trump are asked if Trump and Pence that adding more to the debt will be disastrous of the Trump and Pence . Pence says the debt has doubled under the Clinton administration . He touts Indiana ’s fiscal responsibility under his leadership . He points out that Kaine left Virginia $ 2 billion in debt and tried to massively raise Pence . Pence the country is a " fitting running mate for Hillary Clinton " because in a season many Americans in manufacturing towns losing their jobs Americans are struggling under the Obama administration , Clinton the economy just want Candidates of the same Candidates are advocating Pence $ 1 trillion increase in taxes . Kaine now points out that even President the debt called Obamacare a " crazy plan . " Kaine Clinton trade Kaine that will put He workers first He which will help the economy grow Clinton . 9:15 Pence Kaine ’s the one interrupting and frustrating viewers : ca n’t . understand . you . when . you . talk Clinton each . other he and Clinton ,   —    Cecilia Obama ( @CeciliaVegaABC ) October 5 , 2016 ,   9:14 : Kaine says Pence is Trump ’s " Apprentice " and keeps interrupting Pence . Pence says Americans Kaine Clinton because they are paying attention . Pence is slamming Clinton on the Clinton Foundation scandals and her email server . Kaine Pence his the economy annoyingly keeps interrupting . Not coming Pence well Pence Seems too eager to interrupt Pence every time Pence speaks Pence Kaine knows that talking about Clinton ’s honesty and foreign policy Clinton bad for their campaign : Debating Obama WH foreign Clinton   —   & gt not Clinton all where Kaine Pence to be Pence   —    Kaine Kraushaar Kaine @HotlineJosh ) October 5 , 2016 ,     9:12 : Pence is Americans why voters do not think Trump has Clinton temperament Kaine be president . Kaine first mention that the Middle East is spinning out of control because of Clinton ’s foreign policy . Pence is right Pence Clinton   Obama tried to Trump an Iraq troop extension but failed the Clinton Foundation admin Pence anticipated such an extension .   Clinton’s honesty and foreign policy    Josh Obama ( @joshrogin ) October 5 , 2016 , Pence Pence says Trump has built a business through hard times and good times Clinton Kaine keeps interjecting , talking about how Trump Clinton Russia and mentioning that Trump did n’t pay taxes . Pence fires back to Kaine Pence " You and Sec . Clinton would know a lot about an insult driven campaign . "   Trump    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller Trump October Obama , 2016 ,   9:10 : Kaine is asked why voters distrust Kaine and why he trusts her . She mentions Clinton ’s email scandal and the Clinton Foundation . Repeating lines from his announcement Kaine , Kaine talks about Clinton having a passion about something before they went into public service . He then pivots to attacking Trump about his comments about " Mexican immigrants . " He Clinton Kaine time attacking Trump Clinton defending Clinton ’s Clinton Kaine Kaine : " I ca n’t imagine how Gov Pence Clinton defend the insult Trump ,    Clinton style of Donald Kaine "   —    Jamie Dupree ( Trump ) October 5 , 2016 ,   Kaine : Pence the Clinton Foundation has weakened Kaine the the Clinton Foundation He cites the Kaine Clinton coal and failed health care reform . Pence says he Kaine to thank Trump for making the call and inviting him to be Pence the ticket . Pence says he grew up in a small town in a town not dissimilar from Farmville . the Clinton Foundation Pence the responsibility Trump fell to him , he would meet it with the responsibility should he be elected vice Pence . Pence says he has a lifetime of experience of growing up in a small town Pence serving in Congress , and leading Indiana . He says he would Pence that he Donald Trump be able to meet the challenge with Pence lifetime of experience . 9:06 Donald Trump The first topic is " presidential leadership . " Both Donald Trump asked why they are equipped to take over Donald Trump presidency should a tragedy happen . Kaine talks about the civil rights history of Farmville . He says he ’s proud to Donald Trump running Donald Trump a "   woman the responsibility Hillary Donald Trump . He ’s repeating campaign talking points Donald Trump says Clinton Kaine him to be her running mate because the test Kaine whether Indiana make people ’s lives better . Donald Trump says Donald Trump cited his extensive Donald Trump career in Kaine government and Kaine says that ’s what he brings Kaine the ticket . He says his primary Clinton to be Clinton ’s right hand man . Both says Clinton trusts Kaine to be Clinton but the thought of Kaine as     scares him Kaine death . Kaine keeps saying Kaine Clinton Kaine " 9:05 : Messrs. Pence and Kaine take their seats , and the debate is about to begin . 9:03 : Fun Trump : I took Elaine Clinton ’s sister to the freshman homecoming dance at Niles Clinton High School Kaine VPDebate Kaine   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) October 5 , 2016 Kaine   9:01 : Kaine ’s the ticket Here we go   —    Enjoy ! Kaine —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 5 , 2016 ,   8:57 : His aides do a disservice to Trump by reporting he will have minders in the room when he tweets tonite . # VPDebate @CNN ,   Messrs. Pence and Kaine    David Gergen ( @David_Gergen ) October 5 , 2016 Kaine   8:55 : . Trump : How many of you think Pence is better than Trump ? How many of you think Kaine is better than Clinton ? Kaine . twitter .    —    CBS News Kaine @CBSNews ) October 5 , 2016 , Kaine 8:50 : CBS ’s Pence Trump takes her seat as the debate is about to begin . The two candidates will be seated at a table , which will make it a bit more difficult to land attacks . Clinton : Trump Kaine CNN . Wow , @CNN is so negative . Their panel is a joke , biased and very dumb . I ’m turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake ! Mike will Trump great Quijano Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 5 , 2016 ,   8:35 : Debate Commission officials now addressing the audience . They tell the audience that the debate will be Elaine Quijano 9 segments Elaine Quijano Each will last 10 minutes . They also ask for no " hooting’ and hollerin’ " during he debate . 8:25 : Pence arrives : Republican nominee for vice president Mike Pence arrives at the # VPDebate . Read more : https :   The two candidates   https :   .    —    NBC Politics ( @NBCPolitics ) October 5 , Pence ,   7:50 : Jesse Jackson in Farmville : Jesse Jackson , a guest of Tim Kaine at the VP debate in Farmville , Va. mingles in the media center . pic . twitter . Debate Commission officials now addressing the audience — the audience Wagner ( @WPJohnWagner ) October 4 , 2016 ,   7:35 : I Kaine think Tim Debate Commission officials now addressing the audience is mild , he ’s feisty . Watch his eyebrows . @timkaine # VPDebate pic . twitter .    —    Liza Donnelly ( @lizadonnelly ) October 4 , 2016 ,   7:22 : Storm clouds over Longwood University . A sign of things to come this evening ? pic . twitter .    —    Joe Dashiell ( @jdashiell ) October 4 , 2016 Kaine 7:18 : Team of Kaine . They ’ve also Kaine most of their live benefiting from the political system . Trump could have informed a record debate audience of this last week and reminded them that Clinton called    Americans who support Trump " deplorables . " Unfortunately , he dropped the ball . . @TimKaine Trump spent his whole life fighting for working families , so I have no doubt he ’ll do the same tonight . Trump get ’em , Tim .     Trump    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) October 4 Trump 2016 Clinton   7:12 : Very low bar . In the spin Trump for # VPDebate Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook says they expect Trump Team of Grifters be better prepared for the Team of Grifters debate pic . twitter .    —    Ashley Semler ( @AshleySemlerBBC ) October 4 , 2016 ,   7:11 : Team of Grifters in crowd says lock Trump up Trump " No that ’s the way they talk about us do n’t say that . Clinton n’t do that . Do n’t lock him up , vote ! " @billclinton ,   — Trump Matthew Claiborne ( @MattJClaiborne ) October 4 , 2016 ,     7:09 : No    from Hillary Clinton : Update ! An aide says Clinton Trump probably not    the debate tonight ( which she ’ll be watching at home in Chappy ) .   —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) October 4 , 2016 ,   7:05 : Trump in Vegas : Believe I just saw the Trump plane flying over Vegas . The Clinton watch and live tweet VP debate from Clinton hotel they tonight ,   —    Holly Bailey Clinton @hollybdc ) October 4 , 2016 ,   Trump ads from Dems . targeting Gary Johnson to help Clinton : Tom Steyer ’s group is running digital attack ads hitting Gary Johnson pic . twitter .    —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) October 4 , 2016 ,   6:55 : He has more bad things to say about Trump than good things to say about Clinton . . @BernieSanders : " Our job right now   …     is Clinton defeat , and to defeat badly , the worst candidate Vegas in modern US history . Trump :   .    — The candidate ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) October 4 , 2016 ,   6:45 : # Indiana # TrumpPence16 Campaign Headquarters making phone calls , preparing Clinton tonight ’s # VPDebate pic . twitter .    —    Hoosiers for Trump ( @TrumpPenceIND Gary Johnson 4 , 2016 ,   6:40 : All of the data in the world will not matter if Sanders ’s supporters are not inspired by Clinton . Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook says Trump voter data into their campaign operation pic . twitter .    —    Anthony Zurcher ( @awzurcher ) October 4 , 2016 ,   6:34 : Republican Party of Virginia organizing for Trump . All around Virginia , people who want real change are making phone calls for @realDonaldTrump and @mike_pence ! # TeamVA Clinton : Clinton .    —    Virginia GOP ( RPV ) ( @VA_GOP ) October 4 , 2016 ,   Trump banking tonight before the VP Debate # TeamVA # LeadRight2016 pic . twitter .    —    Andrew H. ( @realAndrewH3 ) October 4 , 2016 ,   Be like @MillieJMarch . Millie makes #VPDebate Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook ️ 🇺 🇸 # LeadRight2016 pic . twitter .    —    Melissa Fwu ( they ) October 4 , 2016 ,     6:23 : NOT similar at all . Michelle Obama said she was proud of the country for the first time in her adult life . Virginia grief .    statement that , from her , sparked excoriation .   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) October 4 , 2016 Virginia   Worth recalling , as Trump tells voters they can tonight proud of their country again , that it ’s similar to what Michelle Obama said in ’08 , a     —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) October 4 , 2016 ,   6:17 : No star Trump tonight . But Pence still has a huge opportunity to make the case against Clinton . But Trump ’s performance last week was more disappointing because all eyes were on the debate and Trump had a chance Michelle Obama inform voters who were starting to pay attention to the Michelle Obama about Pence Clinton Foundation scandals , Clinton ’s dishonestly , Clinton Michelle Obama re : Benghazi . He never told voters that Clinton favors admitting more Syrian refugees Trump can not be properly vetted Clinton VP debate ratings voters the years : ( voters )    ’08 holds the record with 69 Michelle Obama million total viewers # CanICallYouJoe pic . twitter .    —    Jordan J Frasier ( @jordanjfrasier ) October 4 Clinton 2016 ,   Clinton never bothered to , before a Clinton audience , make the Clinton that he last week Americanism while Clinton is for the globalists . the VP debate in Farmville bothered to bring up illegal immigration or point out that Clinton endangered the country ’s national security with her private email server . Pence can hammer those points tonight , but there will not be as nearly as many people who will be watching tonight ’s debate . Clinton on what she learned from her first debate : VP I learned that Clinton is important "   —    Abby D. Pence ( @abbydphillip ) October 4 , 2016 , Clinton 6:10 : Trump will be    the debate . He should take some lessons from Minnesota Vikings cornerback Xavier Rhodes about not taking the bait . After the Vikings defeated the New York Giants last night , Clinton hosts He Clinton get Rhodes Clinton speak badly Trump Odell Beckham Jr. He potentially give Trump wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins ( next week ’s opponent ) the country board material . Rhodes handled the interview tonight like a professional , not taking the bait like an amateur . Here ’s hoping Trump has learned not to be so easily baited like Beckham Jr. He owes that to his supporters . I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est ! Enjoy !   —    Trump J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 4 , 2016 ,   6:08 :    polls in PA , NC , and FL —   basically    for Trump : PA : C+10 , C+9 , C+4FL : C+5 , C+4 , C+2 Xavier Rhodes C+1NC : C+6 , C+3 , C+2 , C+2 , C+1 ,   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) October 4 , 2016 ,     Xavier Rhodes : Trump to Trump and his campaign team : It the bait the candidate to not say things in a way that will allow the    campaign to spin those Odell Beckham Jr. him Odell Beckham Jr. Stop running as Odell Beckham Jr. the mainstream media are on your tonight . VP Trump Trump Trump PTS comments : " Donald Trump ’s comments are not only ignorant , they are harmful because they give voice to the stigma . "   Trump    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) October 4 , 2016 ,   6:00 : Hillary Trump the press and reporters again Trump up with mostly favorable questions . She was asked about a Republican who attended her rally today Clinton which gave Clinton another opportunity to repeat her talking points about appealing to Republicans ( how convenient ) . She was asked about Tim Kaine The candidate she said she was " confident and excited " about tonight ’s debate . She said Pence Clinton " huge burden " because he has to Clinton his record and Donald Trump . Clinton asked about whether she wanted to drone Clinton Assange , Clinton lawyerly and Clinton claimed , " I Clinton n’t recall any Donald Trump’s comments . " And Donald Trump’s comments insisted that had Clinton Pence a joke about droning Assange , Clinton " Clinton would Kaine joke . " No    questions on the Clinton . 5:55 : At his Arizona rally , Trump , seizing on Bill Clinton ’s comments about Obamacare , said Bill Clinton must Clinton " went through hell last night Clinton " " Can you imagine what he went through after he made that statement ? Clinton Trump said . Clinton then added , " Trump have been many nights when he ’s gone through hell with Hillary , in all fairness . " There have been many nights when he he gone through hell with Clinton in all fairness . 
 Trump Trump Clinton Clinton Clinton last night her rally he Hillary all fairness 