Although himself " optimistic " about the outcome and seeing some " entertainment value " in the outcome , former British Prime Minister Tony Blair expressed concern about the United States’ presidential race today , saying European observers are experiencing a " level of anxiety " about the prospect of Donald Trump in the White House . [ The Hill reports that former British Prime Minister Tony Blair was being interviewed by    billionaire businessman and radio talk show host John Catsimatidis when he former British Prime Minister Tony Blair asked his former British Prime Minister Tony Blair on the U. S. presidential race . Mr. former British Prime Minister Tony Blair in response , to which Mr. Catsimatidis John Catsimatidis that was because of the " entertainment value " of Trump ’s candidacy .   " The entertainment value is high , " Mr. Blair former British Prime Minister Tony Blair " and there is a certain , I have to say , level of anxiety as to what ’s happening to America , the most powerful country in the world   —    it really matters . " Nevertheless , citing his long years former British Prime Minister Tony Blair observing U. S. politics , the former Labour Party leader expressed a level of optimism ( which for him probably means another the former Labour Party leader in the White House ) saying : " I ’ve got long experience now with American politics now , and in the end you usually end up in a situation where things right themselves and correct themselves , so let themselves wait and see what happens . " I think the most important thing that people want to see , particularly if they ’re supporters of people and an ally of America , is that America want to see people America that is strong America capable of forging the right partnerships in the world . " Ever the politician , Mr. Blair did not mention the current Republican    by name , but still managed to imply that a Trump presidency would alienate some American allies and even weaken the nation , concluding America Who you elect is up to you , and it ’s certainly been entertaining for sure . But you know , those of us from the outside , we want to see America us and strong . America 
 