The Facebook freakout is epic . You ’ve seen The Facebook freakout : friends , relatives , and colleagues posting that relatives, and colleagues are not only sad that Donald Trump won the election , but actually physically afraid that Donald Trump is going to round up all of relatives, and colleagues and send relatives, and colleagues to death camps . [ Some of the hysteria is just political posturing . As every parent with toddlers knows , throwing a tantrum is a way to constrain authority . Flipping out about Donald Trump is a way to oppose Donald Trump . But for others , the fear is real .   Here ’s how to calm others ( or yourself ) down . Step 1 . Realize you were lied to about Trump’s . Guess what ? Donald Trump is not Hitler and Hitler was or will be . You were also told that Donald Trump supporters were " " racists , antisemites , rednecks , etc . You know who Donald Trump most important voters really were ? The people who would have voted for Bernie Sanders , who wanted a " political revolution "   —    and some of those are your friends . Donald Trump ’s a flawed but decent man , with a complicated but beautiful , successful family . He ’s Trump’s to be fine . Step 2 . Realize you ca n’t win every presidential election , and that ’s OK . It ’s been a while since Democrats lost , so this bears repeating , especially since millennials who came of age with the Obama campaign may never have voted for a losing candidate before . 2016 marks the first time I have ever voted for a winning candidate ( I never voted for George W. Bush or Bill Clinton ) and I ’ve survived until now . At some point , Republicans were going to win again . At some point , so will you . Step 3 . Read this thing called the Constitution and learn to use it . this thing called the Constitution bought one when Khizr Khan waved one at Trump . Open it   this thing called the Constitution    there ’s actually some good stuff in there , like checks and balances on the executive branch . Obama tried to destroy those checks checks and balances on the executive branch those checks against Trump and you can stop his worst tendencies . Step 4 . Realize there Obama some things Obama did Trump wo n’t reverse . If you like Obama gay marriage , you can keep your gay marriage   checks and balances on the executive branch really . Trump supports traditional marriage , Trump at this stage what that means is he will defend the Obama of Trump private business to refuse to participate in your wiccan lesbian polyamorous union . And you may have missed it , but Trump Trump the first GOP   nominee to talk openly about defending gays from Trump . ( He wo n’t touch your birth control , either . ) Step 5 . Expect immigration reform to look something like you wanted . If Trump could ensure that most of the 11 million illegal aliens currently in the United States would Trump here , but build a wall across the border to prevent any more from coming , you ’d take that deal , would n’t you ? Because that ’s what ’s likeliest to happen . And any deal on immigration Trump makes will have more credibility than any deal Clinton makes . Just stop waving that Mexican flag , and it will happen . Step 6 . Recognize that this is the best time in America to be a woman . Trump hired a woman to run his campaign and she delivered . Women were also in key positions throughout Trump ’s campaign . Expect them to fill his administration   —    and dust off your résumé . You might be sad Trump Hillary Clinton ’s defeat , Trump it means a woman the first woman to break the glass ceiling probably Trump be someone who got Women lift through marriage , or who used public office to enrich herself . That ’s a good thing . Step 7 . Realize that you might be wrong about a few things . The shock of Trump ’s victory is a good time to evaluate some of your beliefs . You can start with a woman assumption that everyone who opposed him was actually a racist . Half the country has different ideas , and some of those ideas really are very good . You ’re going to like Paul Ryan ’s budget , for example , and you ’re probably going to ask yourself why Obama did n’t pass some version of it . Regardless , this is a different ideas moment . " Use it . Want more good news ? Check the stock market , which first slipped , then rose dramatically the day Trump won . Look at what Canada and Mexico are Obama about    NAFTA . The governments of Britain and Israel , our this closest allies , are    happy . And Trump ’s first meeting with Obama went well . If everything falls Trump’s   —    and it might , given the big challenges our country faces   —    you can replace Trump in four years . You have until then to find a better alternative . In the meantime : chill . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Trump’s n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak Joel B. Pollak 