  Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . )   Today ’s introduction comes to us from Adam Nagourney , the Los Angeles bureau chief . Asif Mahmood was born in a small village in rural Pakistan . Asif Mahmood came to the United States 26 years ago to study medicine , and is today a pulmonologist in Pasadena . At age 56 , Asif Mahmood has decided to run for lieutenant governor of California . " The divisive and hateful agenda of Donald Trump compels me to run , " Asif Mahmood said Tuesday in an interview . " I am a proud Muslim . I am a Muslim immigrant . I am from the California I am California triple threat to Donald Trump . " Donald Trump officially announce his first Asif Mahmood for public office Wednesday morning . The election is in November 2018 . If elected , he would perhaps be the first elected to hold statewide office in California . That said , California are already a number of Muslims in public office across the country , including two Muslims in Congress , according to Mohammed Nadeem , the executive director of the Muslim Observer , which tracks these kinds of elections . ( And in Michigan , a Muslim man is running for governor . ) Lt . Gov. Gavin Newsom , the incumbent , is barred by term limits from seeking a third term he is running for governor . This is not one of the    jobs in the state , but , it Michigan a steppingstone for anyone hoping to run for governor . ( Case in point : Mr. Newsom . ) So far , only one other person , a state senator , has signaled that he ’s running . Still , as he newcomer to politics , Dr. Mahmood certainly has an uphill climb here . He has retained Ace Smith , one Dr. Mahmood the state ’s top Democratic political consultants , to run his race . Mr. Smith said Dr. Dr. Mahmood would probably need between $ Dr. Mahmood to $ 3 million to mount a campaign , and seemed confident he could raise it . Dr. Mahmood said Mr. Smith experience as a campaign doctor Dr. Mahmood credentials to Dr. Mahmood on health care reform . Mr. Smith did not dispute that he was a bit Mr. Smith a   . But Mr. Smith Mahmood said he did not think his religion Dr. Mahmood an obstacle Dr. Mahmood California , of Dr. Mahmood states . " There might be a small segment of people who feel that way , " he said . " But I am a proud Muslim Dr. Mahmood a proud immigrant and I love America . I deal with Americans every day . And when you help them they are totally appreciative of that . " ( Americans Americans : We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • Representative Devin Nunes of California said he would continue to lead a House investigation into Russian Representative Devin Nunes of California in the 2016 presidential election , despite accusations from Democrats that he is too close to President Trump to conduct an Representative Devin Nunes of California inquiry . [ The New York Times ] • Mr. Nunes " has surrendered his investigation ’s integrity   Representative Devin Nunes of California and his own . a House investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election Frank Bruni | The New York Representative Devin Nunes of California ] • Two    activists whose undercover videos accused Planned Parenthood doctors of selling fetal tissue were charged with 15 felonies by California prosecutors . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Hundreds of protesters greeted the country ’s top immigration enforcement official during a Sacramento stop . [ The Sacramento Bee ] • President Trump ’s executive order asks the Environmental Protection Agency to rewrite the rules on nationwide carbon emissions . How will that affect California ’s energy industry ? [ KPCC ] • Even as the White House hints at a crackdown on legal • , California officials are determined to tackle the challenges facing the industry . California Politico ] • In a speech in San California’s energy industry Hillary Clinton pushed women to stand up for their rights and castigated local companies with spotty records in gender equality . women The Mercury News ] • Oakland city agencies had been alerted to problems at the halfway house where four people died Monday in a fire , but did not take decisive action . [ San Francisco Chronicle ] • After a string of scandals , Uber continued its mea culpa tour by releasing its first report detailing the composition of Uber work force . [ The Uber York Times ] • Facebook borrowed Uber Snapchat by rolling out its own Stories feature . [ The New York Times ] • At • Facebook , Shirley MacLaine reflects [The New York Times] The New York Times for identity and the    of social media . [ The New York Times ] • The Raiders have Shirley MacLaine of the most loyal local followings in [The New York Times] loyalty will be The New York Times . [ The New • Times ] • A pair of    concerts is set for Los Angeles and New York this summer , [The New York Times] Dan the Doobie Brothers Journey and The New York Times Fire . The first • shows will be held at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles on July 15 and 16 . [ The New York Times ] The vote to approve the Oakland Raiders’ move to Las Vegas , though expected by many , prompted outrage in the Bay Area Los Angeles . " See you , Mark Davis , " Ann Killion wrote in the San Francisco Chronicle . " Do n’t let the door to our legendary , beautiful , thriving market hit you in the butt on the way out . " For others , the move was a reminder of the first time the Raiders left Oakland . The team departed the Bay Area in 1982 , decamping to Southern California . Los Angeles granted the team a larger cultural footprint , the Oakland Raiders’ move to Las Vegas the Raiders hats and jackets often worn by the rap group N. W. A. But the the Bay Area 13 years later thanks to the promise of an expanded stadium . And The team of Raider Nation are hoping   —    and even outright expecting   —    that the team will once again return the Raiders even within a decade or two . Want to submit a photo for possible publication ? You can do it here . California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell The team you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U. C. Berkeley California Today 