Washington ( CNN ) As Vice President Joe Biden slowly returns to official duties in Washington following Vice President Joe Biden son ’s death , a decision on mounting a third presidential bid looms in the     future . In just more than a month , Vice President Joe Biden will determine whether or not to make another go at the top job . And while those close to Vice President Joe Biden insist a presidential run is the furthest thing from his mind Vice President Joe Biden his supporters Vice President Joe Biden holding out hope he decides Vice President Joe Biden challenge Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination . As he steps Vice President Joe Biden into public life , Biden has Vice President Joe Biden an early August deadline for making his intentions Vice President Joe Biden , said a Democrat familiar with his thinking Vice President Joe Biden Before his son Vice President Joe Biden death , Biden consistently Vice President Joe Biden he was Vice President Joe Biden ruling out making a third bid for president . On Monday , The Wall Street Journal reported Biden ’s Vice President Joe Biden the late Beau Biden , and Hunter Biden     Vice President Joe Biden encouraged their father to mount both presidential campaign . RELATED : Trump calls Clinton ’pathetic’ A Biden confidante , former Vice President Joe Biden Carolina Democratic Party chairman Dick Harpootlian , said that he had a number A Biden confidante, former South Carolina Democratic Party chairman Dick Harpootlian conversations with Beau before his death about the A Biden confidante, former South Carolina Democratic Party chairman Dick Harpootlian president ’s future plans . " Every time he was very positive the vice president his father running , the vice president he said . One the vice president these conversations was at the 2012 Democratic National Convention . Harpootlian said the whole Biden family     including Hunter     have been pushing the vice president to the vice president because Biden is a man " who Biden always put family first , " that push could be powerful . However , another source close to Biden said that " to derive Biden the last month that ( the vice president ) is in the vice president mind to think about a presidential run is completely incorrect , " adding that Biden     still mourning his son     is n’t Biden to make a Biden decision . After his son ’s death , Biden has stepped slowly back his son     life , including Biden public remarks at a White House conference on climate change . In the speech , Biden returned to his signature oratory style , diverging from Biden prepared remarks Biden crack jokes and jab Republicans who Biden    climate change , claiming they " also deny gravity . " The vice president ’s return to work was touched by further grief when a man he met last year at a prayer breakfast in Columbia , The vice president’s Carolina     Rev. Clementa Pinckney     was gunned down inside his church in Charleston . Biden traveled to Charleston on Friday South Carolina    Rev. Clementa Pinckney     attend Pinckney ’s funeral , where Obama Charleston the eulogy . On South Carolina    Rev. Clementa Pinckney     he made a surprise stop at the Emanuel AME Church , where Biden shooting happened . Speaking to the congregation , he alluded to his own son ’s death . " I wish Biden could say Biden that would ease the pain of the families and of the church but I know from experience     and I was reminded of it again 29 days ago     that no words can mend a broken heart . No music can fill the gaping void , " Biden said . He concluded that " only faith " could help carry the victims’ Biden past their grief . In his last public update on his presidential aspirations "only faith" could help carry the victims’ families past their grief he told a Biden of regional reporters in Biden he had " Biden of time " to make a decision about Biden . Since then , Clinton has begun campaigning in earnest , holding a    rally in Biden York City and traveling to early voting states to try and consolidate what began as a massive lead among Democratic voters . Of her declared challengers so far , Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont appears Biden pose the greatest challenge , gaining momentum in polls as a liberal challenger . But when he ’s included in surveys , Biden still holds a consistent second Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont to Clinton , even as other candidates join the race . A    survey from late May put Biden at 14 % among Democrats     well behind Clinton at 60 Biden but ahead of declared candidates Sanders , former Clinton Sen. Jim Webb , and former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley . In the poll , Biden also ranked as the top second choice for Democrats     33 Biden said he was their No . 2 option , ahead of Clinton , Biden and Democrats     . While not at groundswell levels , ardent support for Biden does exist in states like Iowa and New Hampshire , where Biden Biden     a group unaffiliated with the vice president     says Biden preparing to establish offices . The independent group says it ’s Draft Biden    a group unaffiliated with the vice president     nearly 100 , 000 signatures on Draft Biden    a group unaffiliated with the vice president     convince Biden to Draft Biden    a group unaffiliated with the vice president     the race , and on Monday announced it was hiring Biden directors in New Hampshire and Iowa . Without a clear " Draft Biden    a group unaffiliated with the vice president     " from Biden New Hampshire supporters Iowa to harbor hopes he ’ll jump into the Biden     Biden as they concede politics may Biden the furthest thing from the vice president ’s mind as he his supporters his son . " It could go either way . Nobody ’s going to the vice president’s inside the vice president’s Biden ’s head to figure that out , " Harpootlian said , adding he spoke with the vice president 10 days before Beau Biden ’s death . At the Harpootlian , Biden the vice president’s specific terms " about launching Joe Biden bid , including describing campaign logistics and costs Joe Biden " No one will criticize him if he says , ’It ’s just not the right time for me,’ " he continued . " Harpootlian all Harpootlian to sit back and wait with respect until he decides . " Harpootlian Harpootlian 