Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Friday refused to confirm or deny whether President Donald Trump secretly records conversations President Donald Trump has at White House , after President Donald Trump suggested as much in a tweet Friday morning . " Well , that I ca n’t talk about , " President Donald Trump said Thursday in an interview with Fox News . " I wo n’t talk about that . All I want is for President Donald Trump to be honest . And I hope President Donald Trump will be . " White House press secretary Sean Spicer also declined to answer a barrage of questions about President Donald Trump tweet , saying " the President has nothing further to add on that . " The denials came hours after Trump President Donald Trump a warning to the FBI Director he fired the FBI Director earlier : " James Comey better hope that there are no ’tapes’ of our conversations before he starts James Comey to the press ! " If Trump President Donald Trump order a recording system installed in the Oval Office     or elsewhere in the White House     it would be the first of its kind it President Richard Nixon . More comparisons , That ’s why Trump ’s tweet gave pundits and historians fresh ammunition to continue drawing comparisons between Trump President Donald Trump Nixon as President Richard Nixon have Trump and Nixon the days since Trump President Donald Trump Comey , who as head of the FBI oversaw the investigation into potential coordination between Trump President Donald Trump and Russia during the 2016 election . But it ’s the court cases and laws stemming from Nixon ’s secret President Richard Nixon that could send Trump ’s President Donald Trump backfiring . That ’s because Congress in 1974 passed the Presidential Recordings and Materials Preservation Act that designated tapes like those Nixon recorded as President Richard Nixon records that must be preserved in federal archives . " If Trump installed President Donald Trump taping system . .. those are federal records thanks to Nixon ’s court President Richard Nixon , " said Timothy Naftali , a presidential historian and Nixon expert . President Richard Nixon means it ’s illegal to destroy presidential recordings and they could by Timothy Naftali, a presidential historian and Nixon expert by , say , Congress     which is part of the reason why no president since Nixon has installed President Richard Nixon devices in the Oval Office . " Most presidents after Nixon were skittish President Richard Nixon do much taping , " said presidential historian Douglas Brinkley . Bluffing ? It ’s unclear what Trump meant when he tweeted about Trump tapes " on Friday morning . But the public could soon find out as Reps . John Conyers and Elijah Cummings , both Democrats , on Friday requested copies of any such recordings from the White House counsel . One source close to Trump said that Trump they did n’t know whether Trump was recording Trump House conversations , they also would they be surprised if he was . Trump Yes , it sounds like something he would do Trump " the source said One source close to Trump for the purposes of protecting himself . " Trump call recordings would be less out of the ordinary , however . Presidential calls with foreign leaders are sometimes recorded and logged by White House staff and White House House phone system has the capacity to record calls at the President ’s request . " Anybody talking to Trump on the telephone has to think a recording is being made , " said Brinkley . " But if you ’re meeting with Trump in a private dining Trump one on one you would n’t think you ’re being recorded . " The conversations , It was during a     dinner between Trump and Comey that Trump Trump asked Comey if Trump could Trump he Comey n’t Trump investigation , Comey Comey did . But it ’s Comey where sources close It Comey said Trump asked Comey to Comey his Trump to Comey , which Comey FBI director refused to do , instead promising only " honesty . "   The White House disputed that account . One thing is his loyalty to him, which the FBI director refused to do It would be much easier for Trump to record    conversations than Trump was in the Nixon era . " Did he record or did somebody record Trump No idea , " said John Dean , Nixon ’s former White House counsel . Nixon But today The White House be very easy . Today he could have a smart phone Trump his pocket and probably pick up Trump room conversation with some ease . " 
 