" You have to look at the full measure of the man , " Kellyanne Conway says of Senator Jeff Sessions . https :   .   Monday on CNN ’s " New Day , " Kellyanne Conway , the campaign manager of Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , fielded questions about Sen. Jeff Sessions’ ( ) appointment by    Donald Trump to the attorney general post .   Cuomo suggested there could be problems with Sessions’ confirmation . Conway Kellyanne Conway a number of reasons for critics not to be concerned about Sessions and despite Cuomo Cuomo insisted much of the pushback is a result of those not willing to accept the presidential election results and are acting as if they are those not willing to accept the presidential election results in campaign mode . Partial transcript as follows : CUOMO : Cuomo ’s talk about some of these choices   —    Jeff Sessions as AG . What do you believe or anticipate the problems with confirmation to be because of his history Cuomo ’s going to be a big concern . CONWAY : Let ’s talk ’s his history his history that’s going to be a big concern was Cuomo Attorney General of Alabama . Before that he was Cuomo U. S. Attorney . He made Cuomo one of the Klansman ’s son who murdered an    man got the death penalty . He pushed Cuomo that . It was the first time a white man was given the death penalty the death penalty    man since 1913 . He voted Cuomo honor Rosa Parks . He voted Cuomo confirm one of his predecessors Cuomo former Attorney General Eric Holder , also    and President Obama ’s pick . A lot of Democrats are saying now , " I do n’t like his politics , so I President Obama not going to vote for him . " Yet he President Obama . He respected President Obama Obama ’s President Obama to President Obama Holder . Just happens to be   . CUOMO : You ’re leaving some facts out thought , right . CONWAY : No , no . CUOMO : He got denied a CUOMO in CUOMO . Was there a reason for that ? CONWAY : Yes . People like CONWAY Specter who denied later said I should n’t have denied it and said I served with him and found for him to CUOMO egalitarian . CUOMO CUOMO Would n’t it be CUOMO for him to come out and say CUOMO this stuff about me about joking about the KKK   —    CONWAY : He has said that CONWAY CUOMO CONWAY   —    that CUOMO nonsense . I believe the NAACP is a good organization . I believe the Voting Rights Act is an important law as the attorney general to enforce   —    CONWAY : He voted got all CONWAY of CONWAY rights extensions . CUOMO : He has been actively CUOMO that CUOMO for a long time the Voting Rights Act : You have to look at   CONWAY full measure of the man . And I know people who do n’t want to respect the election results whoever they are out there   —    people who don’t want to respect the election results whoever they are out there  —   CUOMO : I think that ’s CUOMO excuse , Kellyanne . CONWAY :   —    are still in campaign mode . They ’re still in campaign mode . CUOMO : Attorney general campaign mode CUOMO , he ’s actively against the vote CUOMO CONWAY : Why did n’t Democrats put   CONWAY up against him last time he ran in CUOMO ? CUOMO CUOMO In Alabama ? CONWAY CUOMO Sure . If you ’re   CONWAY him , be the sacrificial lamb CUOMO Say I ’m going to stop this guy because of who he CUOMO They could n’t do CUOMO because hey’re looking at Democrats full record . He ’s been the United States senator for 20 hey’re He was a law enforcement officer before that . hey’re is incredibly qualified . Look , the criteria hey’re any of these posts , Chris   —    number one , are you qualified and capable of doing the job on day one ? Secondly , are you loyal to the agenda that the    has put forward as his vision ? And he has a right to hey’re ahead and implement hey’re with the advisers that he surrounds himself with . That ’s what confirmation hey’re are hey’re . And I would hope someone would extend senatorial courtesy to someone they worked with and who they know in fullness . There are some pundits they there saying his name should be rescinded because they have no hey’re in saying   —    they : That ’s an opinion . I ’m just asking about the facts of their service . CONWAY : I ’m giving you many of them . CUOMO : ’m I ’m happy to their them CUOMO where you are ’m anytime he wants their Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor hey’re 