Barack Obama delivers nuclear weapons and $ 150 billion to America ’s mortal enemy in the Middle East   —    and every Democrat to a man and woman defends Barack Obama betrayal Hillary Clinton violates the Espionage Act and delivers classified secrets , including information on an impending drone attack , to America’s enemies   —    and every Democrat to a man and woman defends her Hillary Clinton Obama and Clinton Hillary Clinton about matters of war and peace   —    and every progressive publicly swears they Obama and Clinton telling the truth .   But when Donald Trump insinuates the president is a man of uncertain loyalties , Republican leaders back away from him Donald Trump When Trump Donald Trump fighting " radical Islam , " securing America ’s borders , stopping unvetted immigration from Muslim terrorist states , surveilling mosques , and scrutinizing the families of terrorist actors , Republicans join Democrats in denouncing him Donald Trump or take an uncomfortable distance or maintain a silence that leaves him Donald Trump fend for himself Donald Trump The left is blaming Christians , Republicans , and guns for the Orlando slaughter . The president and Hillary are claiming that ISIS is on the run   —    a lie flatly contradicted by the CIA director himself . They The president and Hillary to disarm Americans . If Hillary Hillary elected , borders will stay open , and protecting Muslims will take priority over fighting Islam ’s holy war against us America In other words , Democrat betrayers of America are on the attack , while Republican leaders who claim to be patriots are on the run . Where , to take one example , is Ted Cruz ? He Ted Cruz to be a patriot and care about the Constitution , but he Ted Cruz AWOL   —    sulking like Achilles in his Ted Cruz over personal slights he Ted Cruz n’t get past to fight for his Ted Cruz ’s survival . The Republican leader of the Senate and his Ted Cruz have both announced they both not participate in the presidential election , while the leader of the House makes clear his the leader of the House embarrassment over Trump ’s proposals to establish immigration policies appropriate to a nation under siege . This is the sad state of the Republican forces in retreat in an election campaign that will decide the fate of our country . There are actually two wars we are engaged in —    one with the Islamic caliphate and the other with an American left that refuses to recognize the enemy we face or the magnitude and nature of the threat . In this internal war , too many on the right have taken a course whose only practical effect can be seen as a betrayal of their cause . Erick Erickson has summed up the view of the Republican renegades in this succinct phrase : " We are in the midst of a    pact that will be our We . " This is , in fact , a precise description of what the # NeverTrump right is up to . But in Erickson Erick Erickson inversion of reality , it is " the Republican Party [ that ] intends to murder the nation and commit suicide along the way . " What Erickson Erick Erickson his Erick Erickson saboteurs , led by Mitt Romney and Bill Kristol , want is for the the Republican Party block Trump and repudiate the record number of Republican primary voters who nominated him Erick Erickson This would actually be a Republican suicide in November   —    one that would indeed " murder the nation . " Although the defection of the Republican leadership from the field of battle is still ongoing , there has been a break in the ranks of the # NeverTrump spoilers . Two of their leading intellectual figures , Hugh Hewitt and Andy McCarthy , have finally come to realize not just the futility of their efforts but their destructiveness as their . For the sake of the nation , let ’s hope that there are a lot more such reversals on the way . Meanwhile , the really big problem remains that of the Republican leadership , which thinks that " We ’re stuck with Trump but we wo n’t We him ! " Trump an appropriate battle cry . As we all know , the Democrats are vicious , unprincipled attack dogs with a kept and unprincipled media in their camp . the Democrats in the face of this blitzkrieg is , in practice , no different than a    surrender . Paul Ryan summed up Republican fatuity in his answers to Paul Ryan questions in the wake of Orlando about whether he ’s still Paul Ryan Trump . Ryan ’s answer Paul Ryan he would be Paul Ryan Republican principles in this election . Well , Paul , principles Paul Ryan n’t running in this election . this election . And unless Republicans rally around Trump , and Trump beats Hillary Trump Republican principles are going down with him . 
 Trump 