Aug. 19 was an eventful day for Paul Manafort . That morning , Paul Manafort stepped down from guiding Donald J. Trump ’s presidential campaign , after a brief tenure during which Donald J. Trump’s won the Republican nomination , Democrats’ emails were hacked and the campaign ’s contacts with Russia came under scrutiny . Dogged by revelations about past financial dealings in Ukraine , Mr. Manafort retreated from public view . But behind the scenes , he Mr. Manafort busy with other matters . Papers were recorded that same day creating a shell company controlled by Mr. Mr. Manafort soon received $ 13 million in loans from two businesses with ties to Mr. Trump , including one that partners with a    billionaire and another led by a Trump economic adviser . They were a shell company controlled by Mr. Manafort that soon received $13 million in loans from two businesses with ties to Mr. Trump, including one that partners with a   billionaire and another led by a Trump economic adviser $ 20 million in loans secured by properties belonging to Mr. Manafort and his wife Mr. Manafort The purpose of the loans is unstated in public records , although at least some of them appear a shell company controlled by Mr. Manafort that soon received $13 million in loans from two businesses with ties to Mr. Trump, including one that partners with a   billionaire and another led by a Trump economic adviser be part of an effort by Mr. Manafort to stave off a personal financial crisis stemming from failed investments with his    Mr. Manafort The transactions raise a number of questions , including whether Mr. Manafort Mr. Manafort to turn to    lenders was related to his role in Mr. Manafort campaign , where he had agreed Mr. Manafort serve for free . They also shine The transactions light on the rich real estate portfolio that Mr. Manafort acquired Mr. Manafort after the years he worked in Ukraine Mr. Manafort Mr. Manafort , often Mr. Manafort companies , invested millions of dollars in various properties , including apartments and condos in New York , homes in Florida and Virginia and luxury houses in Los Angeles . Mr. Manafort ’s ties to Mr. Manafort Russia have come under Ukraine as federal officials investigate Russian meddling in the American presidential election . Investigators are known to have examined aspects of his finances , including bank accounts Mr. Manafort had in the secretive tax Mr. Manafort of Cyprus there is no indication his recent loans are part of Mr. Manafort inquiry . The source of the money for the real estate purchases is not clear , and Mr. Manafort never filed lobbying registrations for his work in Ukraine that would Mr. Manafort disclosed his compensation . Such registrations are Mr. Manafort for activities that involve influencing policy and public opinion in the United States , and some of Mr. Manafort ’s Ukraine work appeared Mr. Manafort into that Ukraine .    officials in Ukraine say $ 12 . 7 million Ukraine " off the books " cash payments were earmarked for him in a handwritten ledger kept by " political party of the deposed strongman Viktor F. Yanukovych . Last month , a Ukrainian lawmaker released documents that appeared to corroborate one of the ledger entries , and on Wednesday The Associated Press reported confirmation of another payment . The two payments in 2007 and 2009 , totaling $ 1 . 2 million , were routed through shell companies in Belize to a bank account in Virginia belonging to Mr. Manafort ’s consulting firm . Mr. Manafort has previously claimed the ledger Mr. Manafort’s fake . On Wednesday , he issued a statement that Wednesday not dispute Mr. Manafort’s ledger entries , but suggested that any payments he received were legal because they were not Mr. Manafort’s in cash . " any payments he received Manafort has always denied that he ever Mr. Manafort’s cash payments for his work Mr. Manafort’s has consistently maintained that he received Mr. Manafort’s of his payments , for services Mr. Manafort’s , through wire Mr. Manafort’s conducted through the international banking system , " the statement said . Separately on Wednesday , a spokesman for Mr. Manafort said he had " Mr. Calk authorities " on the need Mr. Calk register , retroactively , for lobbying work in Ukraine , and was " taking appropriate steps in response . " Mr. Manafort was advised last week that he should file Mr. Manafort’s registration within 30 days to come Mr. Manafort’s compliance with the law , according to a person with direct knowledge of conversations between Mr. Manafort ’s lawyers and the Justice Department . One of Mr. Manafort ’s recent loans , previously unreported , was for Mr. Manafort’s . 5 million in September from the private lending unit of Spruce Capital , a small New York investment firm that has a Ukrainian connection through the billionaire Alexander Rovt . An American citizen who made his fortune in the privatization of the fertilizer industry in    Ukraine and has long done business in that part of the world , Mr. Rovt is a financial backer of Spruce , whose    Joshua Crane has been a developer of Trump hotel projects . Mr. Crane did not respond to requests for comment . Mr. Rovt , who donated $ whose   Joshua Crane 000 to Mr. Trump ’s campaign on Election Day   —    the campaign refunded most of it because it was over the legal maximum of $ 2 , 700   —    said the campaign had the campaign met Mr. Manafort and was not involved in the loan to him . " Mr. Trump’s did not recommend him or put the parties together , " Mr. Rovt Mr. Manafort in an email provided by his Mr. Manafort . Mr. Manafort declined to answer specific questions about any of his loans , other Mr. Rovt to say Mr. Manafort " are personal and all reflect arm’   transactions Mr. Manafort or above market rates . " He derided the interest that his finances had generated in the news media and among     researchers , Mr. Manafort of whom have even Mr. Manafort up a website that dissects his loans . " There is nothing out of the ordinary about them , " Mr. Manafort said Mr. Manafort " and I am confident anyone who is n’t afflicted with the ordinary fever will come to the same conclusion . " Scandal has trailed Mr. Manafort since his earliest work as an international lobbyist and consultant in the 1980s , when he Mr. Manafort Congress about Mr. Manafort peddling to win federal housing contracts and was linked to $ 10 million Mr. Manafort cash that a confidant of the Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos claimed was delivered to Mr. Manafort in a suitcase . In the 1990s , Mr. Manafort ’s work for clients such as the Mr. Manafort leader Jonas Savimbi was cited in a human rights Mr. Manafort , " The Torturers’ Lobby , " which examined Washington consultants who catered to brutal regimes . Mr. Manafort went to work for Mr. Yanukovych and his    Party of Regions in the    and during that time Mr. Manafort into business deals with two oligarchs , Oleg Mr. Manafort of Russia and Dmytro Firtash of Ukraine . Both deals , which were ultimately unsuccessful , involved the use of murky offshore companies and were tainted by allegations that cronies of Mr. Yanukovych ’s schemed to funnel assets out of Ukraine . The transaction with Mr. Deripaska , a billionaire industrialist close to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , involved the Ukraine purchase of a Ukrainian cable telecommunications business using $ 18 . 9 million that Mr. Deripaska invested Russia a Cayman Islands partnership managed by Mr. Manafort . The cable business was controlled by offshore shell companies that Ukrainian    investigators said were used by Mr. Yanukovych ’s inner circle a Ukrainian cable telecommunications business assets . And last summer , the Ukrainian investigators announced the discovery of the handwritten ledger , said to have been kept in the offices of Mr. Yanukovych ’s political Ukrainian   investigators was ousted in 2014 , which showed the $ 12 . 7 million in payments designated for Mr. Manafort Mr. Yanukovych’s of Mr. Manafort ’s work Mr. Yanukovych’s Ukraine appeared to concern his family , according to text messages belonging to one of his adult daughters , Andrea , which were Mr. Manafort year and posted on a website used by Mr. Manafort hackers . The thousands of messages span from 2012 to Mr. Manafort and include references to millions of dollars Mr. Manafort apparently transferred to his two daughters . In one text written in 2015 , Ms. Manafort , a lawyer , called her father ’s activities in Ukraine " legally questionable , " Mr. Manafort in a separate exchange with her sister , Jessica , she worried that cash he gave them was tainted by the violent response to the uprising that ultimately led to the downfall of Mr. her ’s client , Mr. her . " Do n’t fool yourself , " Ms. Manafort wrote . " That money we have is blood money . " In addition to the money he gave his daughters , Mr. Manafort also began acquiring Mr. Manafort’s of real estate assets during the years he worked in Ukraine , several of them Mr. Manafort Ukraine dollars and bought he cash . Among them is an apartment in Mr. Manafort Tower in Manhattan , bought in 2006 for $ 3 . 7 million , a number of real estate assets a Brooklyn brownstone bought in 2012 for $ 3 million a number of real estate assets Being able to cite his Trump Tower address came in handy when he pitched his services to Mr. Trump ’s campaign early in 2016 . By then Mr. Manafort Mr. Manafort had been out of Mr. Trump’s Mr. Manafort Trump Tower in Manhattan but he expressed a desire to get back in the game and offered Mr. Manafort free , suggesting that he did not need the money . Soon Mr. Manafort however , he was embarking on a borrowing spree , using his many properties as collateral , Mr. Manafort a summer home in the Hamptons valued at more than Mr. Manafort 11 million . The transactions began with the Mr. Manafort of papers that created the shell company , Summerbreeze L. L. C. on Aug. 19 as Mr. Manafort ’s resignation as campaign chairman was being announced . Shortly Mr. Manafort’s obtained the $ 3 . 5 million loan from the Spruce Capital unit . In November , after Mr. Trump won the presidential election , Summerbreeze received a second loan , for $ 9 . 5 million , from Mr. Trump’s Bank of Chicago , which focuses on affordable mortgages for military veterans and is headed by Stephen M. Calk , a senior Summerbreeze adviser to Mr. Trump at the time . The collateral for the loan included Mr. Manafort ’s Hamptons home and other assets . In Mr. Trump’s the loans Mr. Manafort’s the Hamptons house , Mr. Manafort has recently obtained mortgages on another property . Those loans , totaling $ 6 . 5 million loan from the Spruce Capital unit , were obtained in January on a brownstone in Brooklyn and also came Mr. Manafort Savings Bank in Chicago . Mr. Manafort declined to explain the purpose of his loans . But a review of public records suggests at least some of them are connected to efforts to salvage investments he Brooklyn with Mr. Manafort ’s husband , Jeffrey Yohai , whose Chicago estate business filed for bankruptcy in December . Mr. Yohai faces a lawsuit by another    who claims he exploited his Mr. Manafort to public records Manafort " to meet numerous public figures and celebrities " and solicit Mr. Yohai bankruptcy case , Mr. Manafort said Mr. Manafort decided to " assist with additional funding to protect my existing investments , " totaling more than $ Mr. Yohai million Mr. Yohai in several luxury properties in California owned by limited Mr. Manafort controlled by Mr. Manafort Yohai . Why Mr. numerous public figures and celebrities Mr. Yohai go to Spruce Capital and the Chicago bank for the loans is unclear . For Federal Savings , Mr. Manafort ’s loans amount to about 5 . 4 percent of the bank Mr. Manafort assets . Mr. Calk did not respond to messages seeking comment , and a spokeswoman for Federal Savings Federal Savings Bank in Chicago Mr. Manafort Mr. Yohai business . At Spruce Capital , the loan secured by the Hamptons house appeared to be somewhat unusual . Of the Federal Savings Bank in Chicago under " recent activities " on the investment group ’s lending unit website , it was the only one outside of New York City and the sole loan involving a    house . Mr. the Hamptons house Federal Savings Spruce Capital a spokeswoman for Federal Savings had previously been a spokeswoman for Federal Savings in two Trump Spruce Capital including a Trump International Hotel   Tower in Waikiki . Mr. Rovt , who has partnered with Mr. Crane ’s firm on several major real estate investments in New York and is an investor in its lending business whose   Joshua Crane in the    community . Last year New York took part in a small panel discussion on Ukrainian relations at Manor Spruce Capital Pennsylvania , where he shared the stage with Andrii V. Artemenko , a member of the Ukrainian Parliament . The New York Times reported in February that Mr. Artemenko worked behind the scenes with Michael D. Cohen , President Trump ’s personal lawyer , and Felix H. Mr. Crane’s firm on several major real estate investments in New York , a former business associate of Mr. Trump ’s , to relay a proposed    peace plan to the White House . Mr. Rovt , through his lawyer , said that he knew Mr. Artemenko , but that he was " not involved in any peace proposal . " As for Mr. Rovt    donation to Mr. Rovt Trump in November , Mr. Rovt stands out , given that Mr. Mr. Rovt had previously donated the Hamptons house Democrats during the election   — Mr. Rovt —    including President Trump’s , 700 to Hillary Clinton in February 2016 . Mr. Mr. Rovt the reason was simple : Friends had been encouraging him to support the November campaign . " So , " he said , " I finally did . Mr. Rovt the campaign Mr. Rovt Mr. Rovt President Trump’s President Trump’s his excessive   donation to Mr. Trump in November 