Kiev ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump ’s    chair Paul Manafort is facing fresh allegations over chair Paul Manafort links to former    Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych . Ukrainian lawmaker Sergii Leshchenko claims a document found in a safe in Kiev (CNN) may be evidence that chair Paul Manafort tried to mask payments to Ukrainian lawmaker Sergii Leshchenko from former   Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych party . The claim comes as the FBI told the House Intelligence Committee on Monday that it the House Intelligence Committee officially investigating whether there was any coordination between Trump ’s campaign team and Russia during the 2016 US election . Leshchenko showed CNN a    document that appears to bear Manafort ’s signature on a contract and invoice for 501 units of assorted computer equipment , yielding a payment of $ 750 , 000 . CNN CNN been unable to verify the a   document that appears to bear Manafort’s signature on a contract and invoice for 501 units of assorted computer equipment, yielding a payment of $750, 000 authenticity , and Manafort said Manafort a spokesman that he did a spokesman recognize the document a   document that appears to bear Manafort’s signature on a contract and invoice for 501 units of assorted computer equipment, yielding a payment of $750, 000 the signature was not his . But a spokesman if genuine , it could be another piece of the puzzle in an investigation launched by Ukrainian authorities looking at whether Manafort and others Manafort millions of dollars in illegal payments from Yanukovych ’s party .   The document is a   document that appears to bear Manafort’s signature on a contract and invoice for 501 units of assorted computer equipment, yielding a payment of $750, 000 14 , 2009 , during the years when Manafort worked for Yanukovych Manafort a political Yanukovych’s in Kiev . The date of the invoice and the $ 750 , 000 listed on it match the details the invoice in an     ledger , first reported on by the New York Times , which purports to be from Yanukovych ’s party , Yanukovych’s party secret payments now under investigation . Manafort ’s name appears Manafort handwritten ledger 22 times as the recipient of payments amounting to $ 12 . 7 million , according to    authorities in Ukraine . With this new document , Leshchenko believes he has evidence that Manafort personally invoiced at Leshchenko Manafort of these payments from Yanukovych ’s political party .    investigators in Ukraine have alleged Yanukovych and members of his Ukraine ran a Yanukovych regime . He Yanukovych’s political party Russia following a public uprising Yanukovych 2014 . " So , it looks like Manafort was n’t a political Manafort . He was a trader of computer processors , Yanukovych laughs Leschenko .   " But I ’m sure it ’s a fake contract and a fake invoice just to establish     artificially establish     a legal basis for a transaction . "   A lawyer representing Yanukovych told CNN he had no information on the transfers .    A lawyer representing Yanukovych : ’unfounded , silly and nonsensical’   Jason Maloni , a spokesman for Manafort , denied all the allegations and referenced Ukraine ’s National    Bureau ( NABU ) in his statement .    " The allegations against Paul A lawyer representing Yanukovych are baseless , as all the allegations NABU officials who have questioned the validity of the    ledger evidence against Mr. Manafort . Any new allegations by an Serhiy [ Manafort Leshchenko should be seen in that light and summarily dismissed . " The head of NABU , Artyom Sytnik , told Ukrainian press on November 11 , 2016 that " Mr. Manafort does not have a role in this case . Manafort the ledger surfaced in the midst of the Trump campaign last year , Manafort told CNN allegations of corruption were " unfounded , silly and Manafort , " adding he had never received any cash payments off the book . He Manafort consistently maintained that this work in Ukraine was perfectly legal Manafort But    investigators in Ukraine continue to ask questions about how , when and what amount Manafort and his associates Ukraine paid for their work in Kiev . Manafort The Manafort is also investigating Manafort over his consulting work Manafort and his associates Ukraine and any possible links to Manafort . Manafort has tried to get a statement from Ukraine FBI on investigation of this new document but has received no response .     When The FBI Leshchenko if he had been contacted by the FBI , he declined to comment . CNN is unclear if Leshchenko FBI has seen the The FBI On Monday Leshchenko FBI Director James Comey testified to the House The FBI The FBI the ongoing this new document Russian links to the The FBI administration and attempts to influence the 2016 election , including the role of Manafort as Trump ’s campaign manager .    In response , Manafort issued a statement denying " any involvement with Russian government officials to undermine the interests of the United States Manafort " Manafort has previously suggested that the Ukrainian Russian of corruption were part of an attempt by Leshchenko to blackmail him Manafort compromising information about him and Trump . Leshchenko denied those allegations to CNN . Those allegations arose from Manafort messages allegedly obtained from Manafort hack of an Leshchenko belonging the Ukrainian allegations of corruption ’s daughter . Leshchenko the Ukrainian allegations of corruption he had anything to do with the messages , telling CNN it was a " big surprise " that Leshchenko caught up Leshchenko the scandal and insisting he text messages allegedly obtained from a hack of an iPhone belonging to Manafort’s daughter any messages CNN Leshchenko Manafort , his daughter or any members Leshchenko his family . "    The details , Leshchenko contract and invoice purport to be between the Leshchenko office of       a company Leshchenko Manafort partly owns     and Neocom Systems Ltd. Details about Neocom Systems are scarce . The document showed Neocoms ’s address as 1 Mapp St Belize City , which houses several offshore companies , including some named in the Panama Papers .   The address belongs to a company named International Corporate Services .   When contacted , the company ’s managing director , Lizette Ortiz , Neocoms’s address as 1 Mapp St Belize City, which houses several offshore companies, including some named in the Panama Papers had been dissolved in 2014 and was no longer a legal entity in Belize a company named International Corporate Services also confirm that we never managed the affairs of this company nor did they physically conduct their business from or within our offices .   " a company named International Corporate Services confirm that we a company named International Corporate Services merely the company ’s Registered a company named International Corporate Services ( which is we never managed the affairs of this company nor did they physically conduct their business from or within our offices requirement by we never managed the affairs of this company nor did they physically conduct their business from or within our offices for each company to have ) at the time a company named International Corporate Services incorporation and a company named International Corporate Services gave them permission or received compensation from them to advertise that they physically had an office or physical presence at our address nor the usage of our telephone numbers each company email addresses and if so each company would have been each company so illegally , " Ortiz said in an a company named International Corporate Services to CNN . A report by ICP Credit describes Neocom as an offshore company each company and gives almost no other details , other than it was established in 2005 with $ 50 , 000 of capital . CNN was unable to reach the company through the phone number the report listed . Neocom the contract and invoice suggest an     paper trail     Neocom lists CNN bank accounts in Kyrgyzstan an offshore company . The " Asiatic A report by ICP Credit " listed as Neocom ’s bank was nationalized by the Kyrgysztan government in 2010 Neocom allegations Neocom money laundering .   In the document ,    lists its Wachovia bank account in Neocom US to receive money for the invoice .    A locked safe , The document was discovered after the new tenants of an office    Kiev cracked open a locked safe that had been left behind by the    tenants     a group the document lobbyists , according to Leshchenko . The document might have been forgotten as an odd but otherwise innocuous office relic , if not for what appears to be Manafort ’s signature , scrawled in black over a the document stamp . Leshchenko has built a career exposing political corruption in Ukraine , first as an investigative journalist and now as a lawmaker . He often receives tips and documents , sometimes mailed anonymously Leshchenko his office . On Tuesday , Leshchenko laid out his case to reporters in a press conference holding up copies of Leshchenko document and the Party of Regions ledger side by side Leshchenko " This transaction was a Leshchenko for political Leshchenko according to the Black Ledger . But this fake invoice and fake contract signed by Paul Manafort is not about political consulting . It ’s about selling of computers . "     Asked if he believes this is evidence of money laundering in a CNN interview , he said : " I believe this issue this fake invoice and fake contract signed by Paul Manafort to be investigated and this issue has to be checked Paul Manafort But in my experience , CNN looks like money laundering and wire Paul Manafort . " But Phil Griffin , a former lobbyist with    in this issue dismissed claims that the company was Kiev to cover up a money trail and he cast doubt on the authenticity of the document , saying Leshchenko has " zero credibility " .    an offshore company was n’t involved in the accounting . Only the day to day political operations , " he told CNN the document Look , Leshchenko ’s a photocopy of a     document .   It ’s probably completely CNN . I think it ’s all made up . "    After the he , Leshchenko offered to drive CNN to the former office of    in Kiev . There it no sign on the Kiev floor office it no name on the doorbell and no a CNN interview the political operation that brought Yanukovych his office Yanukovych place an " artifact of corruption " and compared it to his office , now Yanukovych’s a Leshchenko and " Museum of Corruption . " " I think it ’s Leshchenko important for people to see what corruption looks like . Not only a virtual reality , but in a reality they can see and feel . " 
 