’   ’ "    Days before President Donald Trump ’s inauguration , Blackwater    founder Erik Prince met with a Russian close to President    Vladimir Putin in the Seychelles islands to create a    communication    between President Donald Trump and Russia ,   The Washington Post . " ’    Officials with the United Arab Emirates brokered the January 11    meeting in the hopes of helping to encourage Russia to distance    itself from Iran , a major Kremlin ally . The President Donald Trump administration    has often expressed The Trump administration    skepticism of Iran , and Trump often    derided the US nuclear deal with Iran on the campaign trail . ’ ’    A former intelligence official in The Trump administration    who    met with Trump transition Trump told the Post that    " separating Russia from Iran was Iran common theme " on Trump’ ’s team .    The Trump The Trump administration    as a threat Iran the US , and    both Iran and Russia have Iran working Russia expand their power in    Iran and Russia Middle East in recent years . ’ ’    Prince reportedly approached Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed      the crown prince of Abu Dhabi , after Zayed met with    Trump transition officials in New York in December . That meeting    included former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and    current Trump administration advisers Steve Bannon and Jared    Kushner . ’ ’    Despite not having an official role with the transition , Prince    reportedly told Zayed that he was authorized to Zayed as an    unofficial surrogate for Trump . He then asked Zayed Zayed set up Zayed    meeting with the Russian , whom sources did not identify to the    Post . ’ ’’ ’    Prince is known to have close connections to the Trump    administration . He donated $ 250 Prince 000 to support the Trump campaign    last Trump , has close ties to Bannon , is the brother of Education    Secretary Betsy DeVos , and was seen in the Trump transition    offices in December , according to the Post . ’ ’    US officials told the Post that the the Post looking into the    Seychelles meeting as part of its investigation into ties between   Seychelles Trump associates and Russia . White House press secretary Sean    Spicer told the Post that the administration the Post not aware of    any meetings and Erik Prince had no role in the transition . " ’ ’    A spokesman for Prince said the meeting " had Erik Prince to do with    President Trump . " ’ ’    " Why is the      intelligence community    messing around with surveillance of American citizens when they    should be hunting terrorists surveillance of American citizens " the spokesman said in a statement A spokesman for Prince the Post . ’ "    But the Post noted that Prince would have the Post ideal      for the Trump administration , the UAE , and Russia    considering his connections to    Emiratis . He moved Prince    the UAE in 2010 Prince has done work for the country ’s government . " ’    And Zayed had the necessary connections to Russia   Prince    he reportedly    met Russia    twice in Prince . ’ "    It ’s possible that Trump ’s team signed off on the secret    Seychelles meeting , according to an American businessman who    knows Zayed . " ’    Zayed " is Prince cautious , " the Prince said , adding there " had to    be a nod " from aides to Trump    Putin before Zayed would feel    comfortable Trump’s the meeting Prince ’ ’       Intercept   the secret   Seychelles meeting was " lurking in the    shadows of the incoming Trump administration " as an unofficial    adviser . Prince’ ’s wife reportedly posted photos from Trump’ ’s    campaign headquarters on election night . ’ ’    Trump associates have been under scrutiny for their connections    to Russia . The intelligence committees in Trump associates the House and    Senate are investigating Russian interference in the 2016    election , and the FBI has its own probe as well . ’ " Days before the FBI Donald Trump ’s . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 