’   ’ "    Even though hackers responsible for the cyberattack on the    Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton ’s campaign were n’t caught in    the act , the act does n’t mean ’s campaign ca n’t be identified as      Donald Trump has asserted . " "    Michael Borohovski , a cybersecurity expert with experience    working with the intelligence community and Chief Technology    Officer of     says investigators have methods of uncovering the identity of    attackers long after investigators ’re gone . " ’    " It ’s actually significantly harder to catch somebody in the act    than it is to catch somebody after the fact , " Borohovski told    Business Insider . " Unfortunately it ’s not like in the movies    where as soon as someone is attacking , big red alarms go off . " ’ ’    In a Fox News interview last weekend , Trump cast doubt on the    CIA’ ’s recent findings that   in cyberattacks against the Democratic    Party to help him win the election , calling the election " ridiculous " and    an excuse for the opposing party’ ’s loss . ’ ’    " Hacking is very interesting . Once Hacking hack , if you don’’t catch    Hacking in the act , you’’re not going to catch Hacking , " Trump said .    " Hacking have no idea if it’ ’s Russia or China or somebody . It could    be somebody sitting in a bed some place . " ’ ’    Much like investigators at the scene of a crash can piece    together clues about the incident , cybersecurity experts can use    digital forensics to gain information about intruders , Borohovski    said . ’ ’    " You start looking through logs , you start looking through , at a    high level , digital breadcrumbs that were left by attackers and    over time , you slowly figure precisely what occurred , where it    came from , and who did it    , "    said . ’ ’    Discovering criminals in the act is not impossible , however . ’ ’    In May , the Democratic National Committee hired security firm    CrowdStrike after a cyberattack and were able to monitor hackers    after hackers    breached a network ,   this week . ’ "    On Wednesday , NBC News reported that US intelligence officials    believe Russian President Vladimir Putin   that targeted    Democratic Party leaders and organizations during the US    presidential election . The hack led to the release of thousands    of emails that damaged   Democratic Party nominee , Hillary Clinton , and    was    by Russia in an attempt to sway the election the US   presidential election Trump ’s favor . " "    On Thursday ,   said Russia ’s cyberattacks Russia US political organizations have continued unabated ,    weeks after the election . the US   presidential election   ’ ’    " Certainly if they attack a system or an email server , they would    not have they there , " Borohovski said . They would have    attempted they gain what    called persistence in an attempt to    figure out how they    continue gleaning data they not just have    a snapshot in time . " ’ ’    Despite the findings from intelligence officials , Trump has    repeatedly dismissed the possibility    Russia influencing the    election . ’ ’    According to a   an attempt to form a bipartisan    coalition to publicly accuse Russia of meddling was met Russia    opposition from skeptical Republicans    Senate Majority Leader    Mitch McConnell went as far as to suggest he would accuse the    Senate Majority Leader   Mitch McConnell administration of partisan politics if the White House    spoke up . ’ ’    The White House did not the White House because it believed    Clinton would beat Trump the White House win the presidency , according to an    unnamed US official . ’ "    Democrats like outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid have    urged for   of Russia ’s impact on the election ,    comparing the seriousness to Watergate or       terrorist    attacks . A US intelligence review is underway and will likely    last several weeks ,   from    of the Director of    National Intelligence ( DNI ) released on Friday . " "    The FBI and the DNI on Friday   about Russia ’s involvement . Friday    In excerpts of an interview with NPR published Thursday , Obama     for its interference in    America ’s Democratic process Obama     " ’    " I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries    to impact the integrity of our elections that we need to take    action and we will , " Obama said . ’ we Obama     