’   ’ "    The target of last week ’s military raid in Yemen is not only    still alive , but has released an audio recording mocking    President Donald Trump . " "    Military and intelligence officials told   that the goal of the Navy SEALS operation    was to capture or kill Qassim    the head of al Qaeda ’s    Yemeni affiliate . The raid claimed the lives of 14 al Qaeda    fighters , at least two dozen civilians , and US serviceman William    Owens   —    but    remains alive in Yemen , NBC News reported . " ’      released an audio recording on Sunday in which he    referenced the raid and called Trump " the goat of the White    House , " according to NBC NBC News who authenticated the tape with    military sources . ’ ’    " The fool of the White House got slapped at the beginning of his    The fool of the White House in your lands , " he reportedly The fool of the White House . ’ ’    also identified by name 25    purported victims of the attack . ’ ’’ "    It was n’t clear whether    was at the scene of the raid ,    according    the report . " ’    The report the report belie comments from White House spokesman    Sean Spicer , who last week called the raid the raid very well    thought out and executed " and " a successful operation by all    standards . " According to the report , the the report killing      convinced US officials to carry out the mission . ’ ’    However , the raid still the raid sent a message to Al Qaeda , an    NBC source said . ’ ’    " We may have collected incredibly valuable Al Qaeda, an   NBC source that will    lead to further disruptions and further counterterrorism    activities down the road ,    said Juan Zarate , an NBC analyst and    national security adviser to George W. Bush . ’ ’    Some critics of the raid have directed their ire toward Trump .    Some critics of the raid officials   that Trump authorized the mission    without Trump intelligence , ground support , or adequate    backup preparations . However , the White House has rejected that    account , noting that plans for the strike began months ago , while    Barack Obama was in office . ’ " The target of last week ’s military raid in . .. " 
 