  ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump said US President Donald Trump was sending " an armada " to Korean waters to potentially deal with threats from Pyongyang . But its    has caused some South Koreans to question    leadership and strategy regarding some South Koreans unpredictable neighbor in the north . And as the country prepares to vote for a new president on May 9 , the claim could have    implications for the two countries’ relations . " What Mr. Trump said was very important for the national security of South Korea , " Presidential candidate Hong    told the Wall Street Journal .   " If that was a lie , then during Mr. Trump term , South South Korea not trust whatever Trump says,"​ said Hong , who is currently trailing in the polls . South Korean media also seized on the conflicting reports on Trump Mr. Trump armada "     led by the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson headline called it Trump ’s Mr. Trump Carl Vinson lie , " and speculated that the Russian and Chinese leaders must have had a good laugh at its absence Mr. Trump Meant to present a robust defense against a potential nuclear test by Pyongyang , the report likened the bluff to North Korea ’s shows of force , where " fake missiles " are paraded through the streets of the North Korean capital . " Like North Korea , which is often accused of displaying fake missiles during military parades , is the United States , too , now employing ’bluffing’ as its North Korea policy ? " it asked the United States North Korea armada , In the face of antagonism from North Korea last week , Trump had said the North Korea Vinson carrier group was being deployed to waters off the Korean Peninsula . " We are sending an armada . Very powerful , " the USS Carl Vinson carrier group told Fox Business Channel ’s Maria Bartiromo . " Trump have submarines . Very powerful . Far more powerful the USS Carl Vinson carrier group the aircraft carrier . That , I can tell you the USS Carl Vinson carrier group turns out the carrier group was never actually steaming towards the peninsula , but the USS Carl Vinson carrier group joint exercises with the Australian navy . the Korean Peninsula insist it ’s now on its way to the the US Navy , known in South It as the East It . It still has n’t arrived .   On Thursday , the US Navy announced it It extending the Vinson ’s deployment by 30 days " to provide a persistent It in the waters off the Korean Peninsula . " Trump ’s    is North Korea ’s propaganda dream come true , South Korea reacts , If Trump ’s initial declaration was a bluff , it appears to have South Korea The anticipated North Korean Trump’s did n’t materialize .   But questions Trump’s over the efficacy of the tactic over time .   " I understand strategic ambiguity for military authorities . However , it ’s different ( for a ) political leader , " Yang    of the University of North Korean Studies , told CNN .   " Trump , ( Vice President Mike ) Pence and ( Secretary of Defense James ) Mattis all used this to raise tension and pressure North Korea . Strong nations’ power comes from transparency , not the opposite .   " How does the US expect South Koreans to trust the US when its leader bluffs and exaggerates ? South Koreans’ feelings were hurt considerably by remarks by the the US a close the US . "     North Korea timeline : From Trump ’s inauguration to now , Confusion reigns , Trump ’s initial assurance , North Korea form of a strong military response , telegraphed a robust defense of the US’ Trump , South Korea and Japan .   It also ratcheted tensions on the peninsula , prompting North Korea ’s deputy ambassador to the UN to warn that the US Trump risking nuclear war with its actions on the peninsula     any hostile act is inherently a dangerous calculation when dealing with an unstable actor like North the US leader Kim the peninsula   A senior administration official later said a miscommunication between the Pentagon and the White House was to blame for the mixed reports .   White House press secretary Sean Spicer , however , compounded the confusion , by doubling down on the President ’s assertions .   " the White House an armada going toward the peninsula . That ’s a fact , " he told a skeptical press corps during his daily briefing on Wednesday , arguing that , in the broadest sense , the president ’s statement White House press secretary Sean Spicer accurate because the ships would eventually White House press secretary Sean Spicer to the waters between North Korea and Japan . Meanwhile , the US the President’s military are currently engaged in joint training exercise at the Kunsan Air Base on the west coast of the Korean Peninsula . North Korea has long objected to the two countries’ annual joint maneuvers .   " We ’ve been tasked to do these yearly exercises because we always North Korea be ready to defend the republic of Korea and we ’ve been doing it obviously for a while and we will keep doing it We need be , " Lt . Col . Steven Raspet North Korea CNN We Russia vetoes UN statement on North Korea ’s missile We , Political thin it , The bluff     if that is what it was     comes We a precarious time for South Korean politics     in less than a month , the country will go to the polls to elect a replacement for impeached President Park   . In addition to the comments about    Korea relations made by Russia the presidential candidate from Park ’s ruling party , the confusion over the US’ response to the potential nuclear tests has led North Korea’s about how much the government and the military knew about the location of the Vinson and its group .   Questions about what this means in the context of the election , where Pyongyang ’s increased belligerence has been a key election talking point , abound .   " Both South Korea and the US are in close cooperation to deter North Korea ’s provocations and to pursue peace and stability of the Korean peninsula , " a South Korean Defense Ministry official said .   " The defense ministry has been and is closely working together with the US military . However , it is inappropriate for the ministry to go into details about the ( strength of the ) US military operation . "    China criticizes North Korea , praises US on nuclear issue , The defense ministry , Some of Trump ’s comments have also rankled in South Korea . He told the Wall Street Journal     after getting a primer on regional geopolitics from Chinese President Xi Jinping     that the Korean peninsula " actually used to North Korea of China Trump "   South Korea ’s Foreign Affairs Ministry , in a daily briefing Thursday , announced the government ’s response to the comments . " The Ministry is in the process of checking facts with both the US and China through various diplomatic channels , " the ministry ’s spokesperson Cho    said .   " The South Korea’s Foreign Affairs Ministry unequivocally acknowledges that Korea was never a part of China in its China of years of history that no one South Korea’s Foreign Affairs Ministry the fact , " he added . 
 China China no one 