Fresh from using the " R " word during a recent    with Sean Hannity , Donald Trump on Monday released on Instagram a new campaign ad against Hillary Clinton featuring the voice of Bill Clinton ’s rape accuser , Juanita Broaddrick . [ " He starts to bite on my top lip and I try to pull away from He , " Juanita Broaddrick is heard saying in the brief ad .   Bill Clinton’s can be seen in the background with a cigar in his Bill Clinton’s .   Watch the full ad here : Is Hillary Clinton really protecting women ? A video posted by Donald J. Trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) on May 23 , 2016 at 8:27am PDT ,   The Broaddrick audio comes from an emotional interview that Hillary Clinton gave to NBC ’s Dateline in 1999 describing the alleged rape . Broaddrick Broaddrick Clinton raped her Clinton a hotel when she Clinton a nursing home administrator volunteering for    Attorney General Bill Clinton ’s 1978 gubernatorial bid . She Clinton NBC NBC Dateline that she Clinton when Clinton Clinton kissed her Clinton Then he Clinton to kiss me again . And the second time he Clinton to kiss me he Clinton biting my lip    …      He Clinton to , um , bite on my top lip and I tried to pull away from him Clinton And then he Clinton me down on the bed . And I just was very frightened , and I tried to get away from him Clinton I told him Clinton No,’ that I did n’t want this to happen but he Clinton n’t listen to me Clinton    …      It was a real panicky , panicky situation . I was even to the point where I was getting very noisy , you know , yelling to ‘ Please stop.’ And that ’s when he Clinton down on my right shoulder and he Clinton bite my lip .    …      When everything was over with , he Clinton up and straightened himself Clinton and I was crying at the moment and he Clinton to the door , and calmly puts on his Clinton . And before he Clinton out the the door Clinton ‘ You better get some ice on that.’ And he Clinton and went out the door the door In an interview with this reporter last Broaddrick Broaddrick was asked to comment on the statements made by Trump at a campaign stop earlier this month , where the presidential candidate slammed Hillary Clinton as " unbelievably nasty , mean enabler " who " destroyed " the lives of her husband ’s mistresses Hillary Clinton alleged victims . Broaddrick replied : " Broaddrick feel like she has been the Hillary Clinton behind him in allowing him her husband’s continue on her husband’s same path that he did back in her husband’s ’70s and ’80s and ’90s . He has absolutely no her husband’s when it comes to women . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New Aaron Klein Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow Aaron Klein Follow him on Facebook . Aaron Klein 