  ( CNN ) The United States is going through the five stages of grief over negotiations with North Korea .   First came denial : that North Korea cheats so there is no point to negotiating , which denies that past deals did stop its North Korea material production and missile tests for nearly a decade and that Pyongyang was not the only one to renege . So did Washington and Seoul . Next came anger : since North North Korea violating UN resolutions by continuing to test nuclear weapons and missiles , it should UN resolutions punished with sanctions and isolation . Third has come bargaining : hopes that missile defense , cyberattacks or some other technological fix could somehow shield the United States and its allies the United States the threat . Those hopes hopes that missile defense, cyberattacks or some other technological fix could somehow shield the United States and its allies from the threat far been in vain . Fourth came depression : the problem had no solution , which was summed up by characterizing North Korea as the " land of lousy options . " Is now the time for acceptance : that negotiating is worth another try before it is too late ? Time for talks ? Candidate Donald Trump seemed to reach that conclusion during his election campaign Candidate Donald Trump He first broached Candidate Donald Trump to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on January 6 , 2016 , the very day North Korea conducted its fourth nuclear North Korea .   " You have this madman over there who probably would use it , and nobody talks to him other than Candidate Donald Trump of course , Dennis Rodman , " he told " Candidate Donald Trump and Friends Candidate Donald Trump " " But nobody is talking to him whatsoever , Candidate Donald Trump nobody is discussing it with China . "   Trump was more explicit on May 17 . " Who the hell cares ? I ’ll speak to anybody , " he said . Candidate Donald Trump There ’s a 10 % or 20 % chance I could talk him out of Trump his damn nukes Trump because who the hell wants him to have Trump ? "   In a campaign appearance on June 6 , he disparaged experts’ Trump qualms about bargaining with North Korea . " To a master of " The Art of the Deal , " that posed " no problems at all . " Trump rebuffed critics , " They say ’we critics never , ever , talk.’ How foolish they are ! critics   Deeds , not words , President Trump backed Trump words with deeds Trump   After President Obama on January 19 , his last full day Trump office , had authorized a token amount of US aid for North Korea for flood relief     the first in five years     the Trump administration made the gesture public on January 25 . Trump kept creeping to the Trump administration negotiating table . Despite North Korea ’s    North Korea    missile on February 12 and the killing of Kim ’s estranged    with VX nerve agent on February 13 , his State Department issued visas Kim’s the first in five years     for a North Korean delegation to come to New York to meet with former officials . That outreach was abruptly reversed shortly thereafter . Will Trump try for talks again ? Or will he revert to denial and Trump to outsource the problem to China , impose sanctions tough enough to compel the North to the negotiating table and commit to complete denuclearization upfront , wait for the regime to collapse , attempt cyberattacks , or risk a preventive war . Trump ’s policy review may Trump options . All are fundamentally flawed .   China did suspend its coal imports China North Korea China a year     but only after it had already purchased its allowed China under UN sanctions China Beijing may have anticipated that talks China in the offing and positioned itself to claim credit for coaxing China to the negotiating table .   Pyongyang has indicated it is open Pyongyang talks     Pyongyang not to commit to complete denuclearization first . It may be willing to suspend its nuclear and missile programs only It Washington addresses its security concerns in return . It Will tougher sanctions compel it to the table on US It , even force it to collapse ? Proponents say It will take time to work Proponents How long ? Two years ? Five years ? Ten years ? In the meantime , how many nuclear and missile tests will the North carry out ? How much fissile material will it make ? How many ICBMs How much fissile material it field ?   It could How much fissile material three years or How much fissile material for the North to develop its ICBM the North could at best the North the inevitable     if that . Contemplating preventive war could rupture US alliances in Asia .   The only way out of Trump ’s predicament is acceptance    resume talks with North Korea , the sooner the better , to probe whether it is willing to suspend arming . the Editor ’s Note : Leon V. Sigal is director of the Northeast Asia Cooperative Security Project at the Social Science Research Council in New York . The opinions expressed here are solely his . 
 Leon V. Sigal 