Friday in a speech in Dimondale , MI , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump took aim at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for what Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump categorized as Clinton putting the needs of refugees ahead of those in the United States , in particular unemployed    youth .   Partial transcript as follows : By contrast , the one thing every item in Hillary Clinton ’s agenda has in common is that it takes jobs and opportunities from    workers . Hillary Clinton’s support for open borders . Hillary Clinton’s fierce opposition to school choice . Hillary Clinton’s plan to massively raise taxes on small businesses . Hillary Clinton’s opposition to American energy . And Hillary Clinton’s record of giving America jobs away to other countries . America must reject the bigotry of Hillary Clinton who sees communities of color only as votes , not as human beings worthy of a better future . Hillary Clinton would rather provide a job to a refugee from overseas than to give that a job unemployed    youth in cities like Detroit who have become refugees in their own a refugee from overseas . It is time to get our country their own country work , and that includes an    effort to help young    get the    jobs they deserve . Hillary Clinton ’s plan would bring in an estimated 620 , 000 refugees in her first term Hillary Clinton’s —    at a lifetime benefit cost of some $ 400 billion dollars , according to the U. S. Senate Immigration Subcommittee . She wants to Hillary Clinton’s America ’s Angela Merkel . By the way , for the price of supporting 1 refugee in the United States , we could support 12 in a safe zone in the Middle East . The improved refugee screening standards I have proposed will save countless billions of dollars . We will invest we portion of the money saved in a jobs program for inner city youth . The    community has given so much to this country . the United States fought and The   community in every war since the Revolution . They ’ve lifted up The   community conscience of our nation in the long march for Civil Rights . They ’ve sacrificed so The   community for the national good . Yet , nearly 4 in 10    children still live in poverty , and 58 % of young    are not working . We must do better as a country . I refuse to believe that the future must be like the past . In a Trump Administration , all workers   —    of all colors   —    will get priority for jobs in their own country . all workers  —   of all colors  —    want higher wages for    for    for all Americans    Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 