Tallahassee , Florida ( CNN ) Sen. Lindsey Graham , a 2016 candidate and close friend of Arizona Sen. John McCain , called businessman Donald Trump " a jackass " on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront " on Monday . " What "Erin Burnett OutFront" on Monday said about John , I think , was offensive . "Erin Burnett OutFront" on Monday ’s becoming a jackass at a time when we need to have a serious debate about the future of the party and the country , " Graham told CNN ’s Kate Bolduan . " This is a line "Erin Burnett OutFront" on Monday ’s crossed , and This is the beginning of the end of Donald Trump . .. I am really pissed . " On Saturday , Donald Trump at a GOP political event in Iowa     said McCain was " not a war hero . " " He McCain a war hero because he McCain captured , " Trump Donald Trump . " I like people that were n’t captured , OK ? I hate to tell you . He McCain a war hero because he he was captured OK , you can have     I believe perhaps he McCain a war hero . " Bipartisan elected officials from the White House all the way to the wide open Republican primary field are using incendiary comments from Trump Donald Trump praise former     McCain .   Touting record as reformer , Jeb Bush aims to conquer ’Mt . Washington’    Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush prepared remarks Jeb Bush policy speech Monday Jeb Bush declare that McCain is a former    McCain real hero , " as Donald Trump insists that he owes no former    McCain to McCain for questioning former    McCain Arizona senator ’s military heroism .   Trump , who ’s experienced a bump in the polls since announcing his presidential bid former    McCain month , is known for his unfiltered rhetoric former    McCain but the comments made at an Iowa voter forum from over the weekend drew immediate and near universal rebuke from other elected officials and candidates .    Making his pitch for former    McCain Washington , Bush said Monday in Tallahassee that he supports a proposal by McCain , who Bush the Senate Armed Services Committee , to change the defense procurement process . When Bush mentioned McCain ’s name , he interjected Bush describe the former GOP presidential Bush as " a real hero , by the way . " The audience , largely comprised of his former associates from his days as governor Bush broke out into Bush applause .   Shortly after Bush ’s comments , White House Press Secretary Bush said that despite the difference between President Barack Obama and his former campaign rival McCain , " have not White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest ( Obama ’s ) appreciation for Sen. McCain ’s remarkable service to the country , " adding Obama had " deep respect for Sen. McCain ’s Obama . " White House : ’No denying’ McCain a hero , Responding for the first time himself , McCain said Monday morning that he did n’t feel Sen. McCain owed him an apology Sen. McCain suggesting instead the billionaire real Sen. McCain developer apologize to American veterans . " . .. I think he may owe an apology to the families of Sen. McCain who have sacrificed in conflict and those who have undergone the prison experience in serving our country , " McCain told MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " . Sen. McCain was quick to defend McCain on Twitter on Saturday , when Trump stirred Sen. McCain by saying McCain was n’t a war hero because he was Sen. McCain .   " Enough with the Sen. McCain attacks . @SenJohnMcCain and all our veterans    particularly POWs have earned our respect and admiration , " he tweeted . our And Bush was by no Sen. McCain the only 2016 candidate Bush Trump ’s comments . Democratic    Hillary Clinton , Trump as Republican Sens . Marco Rubio and Lindsey Graham condemned the remarks .   " It ’s not just absurd , it ’s offensive " Rubio said in an interview Sunday It CNN ’s Jake Marco Rubio on " State of the Union . " " It ’s ridiculous . And I do think it ’s It disqualifier as    . " 
 It 