" We are one liberal justice away from a five justice liberal majority , the likes of which this country has never seen , " 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz said Tuesday at the Red Arrow Diner in New Hampshire with radio hosts Andrew Wilkow and David Webb on The Wilkow Majority radio program on SiriusXM Patriot 125 . [ " The next president could get up to four Supreme Court justices , " 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz said of the responsibility of appointing judges to the high court , calling the high court one of the most important presidential tasks .   The next president detailed that several Republicans have appointed some of the worst liberal Supreme Court judges . The next president named several , calling out Harry Blackmun , the author of the Roe v. Wade decision . Earlier in the broadcast , Cruz told the listening audience : The    amnesty bill was the gravest threat to the rule of law , to jobs , to wages that we have seen in modern times . And that was a time for choosing . It was a time where everyone decided , " Which side of the line do you stand on ? " Unfortunately , Marco Rubio chose to stand with Barack Obama and Harry Reid and Chuck Schumer and push for granting amnesty to 12 million people here illegally , push for not securing our borders , for not keeping this country safe , push for allowing President Barack Obama have even more authority to admit Syrian refugees to this country this country any meaningful background checks . Cruz contrasted that to his standing against Cruz defeating the bill with Sen. Jeff Sessions , Rep. Steve King , and millions of Americans . " Marco Rubio , Donald Trump , and Hillary Clinton all support giving citizenship to the 12 million people here illegally , " Cruz said . Cruz went on Cruz call Rubio charming and smooth . Cruz said he Cruz spent Cruz entire life Cruz the United States Constitution . He told the Cruz audience that he used to Cruz the Center for Tenth Amendment Studies at the Texas Public Policy Foundation . He stated that Cruz day one of his presidency , Cruz would instruct Cruz U. S. Department of Education to end Common Core . Host Andrew Wilkow Wilkow are saying they are jumping ship from many callers for Trump to voting for Cruz . Cruz commented that three months Cruz , Trump was singing his praises Trump but " Trump poll numbers started dropping Trump our numbers started surging , and suddenly    …      I became a really rotten guy overnight . " Radio host David Webb asked Cruz about foreign policy in Cruz Middle East . Cruz said there needs to Cruz more emphasis on destroying the Islamic State ( ISIS ) . " They are both socialists , " Cruz said of Democratic presidential Cruz Hillary Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders . " One admits it . One pretends she ’s not . " He went on to say One neither will say the words " radical Islamic terrorism " and that both are disrespectful of constitutional rights . Cruz warned that nominating a Cruz like Rubio or Trump puts Republicans at risk of losing . Cruz also talked about shutting Cruz the IRS and a plan to make filing taxes as simple as filling out a postcard . Citing his win in Iowa , Cruz said Americans saw the Cruz of the downfall of the Washington cartel . " We won the biggest vote Americans any Republican has ever won in the history of Iowa politics by standing with Iowa American people . " Listen to the entire interview here : Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana . 
 