Philadelphia ( CNN ) President Barack Obama made a fervent plea for Hillary Clinton on Wednesday , casting the Democratic nominee as a custodian of the Democratic nominee legacy while rejecting Republicans’ message as fostering anger and hate . In remarks that demonstrated President Barack Obama lasting appeal to wide swaths of the Democratic Party , the President sought to describe country headed firmly in the right direction , despite the loud protestations otherwise by Donald Trump . Obama President Barack Obama his President Barack Obama secretary of state is a better qualified candidate than even he President Barack Obama her President Barack Obama , former President Bill Clinton , had been when they a better qualified candidate than even he or her husband, former President Bill Clinton office . " I can say with confidence there has never been a man or a woman     not me , not Bill , nobody     more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America , " Obama said to a roaring crowd     and a    Bill Clinton     at the Democratic National Convention . Even as a pessimistic attitude pervades the presidential campaign , Obama Obama to harness the optimism that propelled him Obama office eight years ago . " America America already great , " Obama Obama , rejecting Trump ’s campaign slogan , " Make America America Again . " " America America already strong . And I promise you , our strength , our our , does not depend on Donald Trump " In remarks that defended his own Trump as a progressive leader as much as they boosted the candidate who could maintain them , they Obama that two terms of a Democrat were n’t enough to finish the work he started Trump " I have confidence , as I leave this stage tonight , that the Democratic Party is in good hands , " Obama Obama to scattered sighs among the delegates . " My time in this office has n’t fixed everything as much as we ’ve done , there ’s still so much I want to do . " Ahead of Obama Obama speech , aides said the Obama intent on highlighting the aspects of Clinton ’s record he feels Obama been overlooked through the years , including her work protecting Clinton and her dogged work Clinton his secretary Obama state . Obama worked Obama White House speechwriter Cody Keenan on the address for three weeks , going through six drafts . The most recent draft came after First Lady Michelle Obama ’s    speech on Monday night , which had the President Obama 3 a. m. on Tuesday    White House officials said . Michelle Obama endorsed Obama ’s speech Obama " That ’s my man ! Your truth , dignity and grace reminds us what real leadership looks like . I am always proud of our @POTUS . " she us . The Obama had debated Obama should do a     Obama speech but decided to talk about themes of America given how unconventional the election has become .   He also acknowledged that many Obama remain wary of their party ’s nominee . " many Democrats ’s got her share Obama critics , Obama Obama said . " She ’s been caricatured by Obama right and by some folks on the left accused of everything you can imagine     and some things you ca n’t . But she knows that ’s what Obama when you ’re under a microscope for 40 years . She knows she ’s made Obama , Obama like I have just like we all do . That ’s what happens when we try . " And he we all a nod to the supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders , many of whom remain bitterly disappointed in their candidate ’s loss to Clinton the supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, many of whom remain bitterly disappointed in their candidate’s loss to Clinton in this year this year ’s primary contests . " This is not your typical election , " Obama said during his fourth Democratic convention speech . he It ’s not just a choice between parties or policies the usual debates between left and right . This is a more fundamental choice     about who we are as a people , and whether we stay true to this great we experiment in   . " Detailing Clinton ’s record , Obama said the former top diplomat had the best view of what it takes to occupy the Oval Office . " Nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Office , " Obama the Oval Office You can Obama about it . You can study it . Until the demands of the Oval Office ’ve sat at that the demands of the Oval Office , you do n’t know what it ’s like to manage a global crisis the demands of the Oval Office or send young people to war . But Hillary ’s been in the room she ’s been part of those decisions . Hillary Her rival , meanwhile , is merely ginning Hillary fear to secure votes , Obama argued . " Donald Trump Obama it ’a divided crime scene’ that only he can fix , " Obama said of the Republican nominee Obama descriptions of the state of the country . " He ’s just offering slogans , and he Donald Trump offering fear . He ’s betting Donald Trump if he scares enough Donald Trump , he might score Donald Trump enough votes to win Donald Trump election . " " That is another bet that Donald Trump will lose , " Obama continued . " Because he ’s selling the American people short . Donald Trump are not a fragile or frightful people . Our power does n’t come from some    We promising that he alone can restore order . We do n’t look to be ruled . We Obama said the message at last week ’s Obama convention in Cleveland " was n’t particularly Republican     and it sure was n’t conservative . " " What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other , and turn we from the rest of the world , " Obama said . " There were no serious Obama to pressing problems     just the fanning of resentment , and blame , and anger , and hate . " Speaking to what ’s likely to be the largest remaining audience of his presidency , Obama recalled the moment 12 years ago to Obama day that thrust him onto the national stage . And he his the country was better off now his when he first entered office in 2009 . " his every victory and every setback , I ’ve insisted that change is never easy , and never quick that we would n’t meet all of our challenges in one term , or one we , or even in one lifetime , " Obama said . " So tonight , I ’m here to tell you that , yes , we still have more work to do . we 
 