’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump accused former president Barack Obama of    wire tapping President Donald Trump phones in October during the late stages of the    presidential election campaign , but offered no evidence to    support the allegation . ’ ’    " How low has former president Barack Obama of   wire gone to tapp my phones during the    very sacred election process . This is   . Bad ( or    sick ) guy ! , " Trump said on Saturday . ’ ’    Trump Trump that though the wiretapping took place , there was    " nothing found . " ’ ’    " This ’ ’    Trump didn’’t offer any evidence to support his Trump    claims . He Trump have been referring to a   about conservative radio host Mark    Levin’ ’s allegations that Obama sought to " undermine " Trump’ ’s    campaign in the final days of the presidential election .   ’ ’    Journalists have noted that the wiretaps Trump says he Trump just    found out about " have been reported on for weeks . A FISA court    ( Foreign Intelligence Surveillance ) reportedly   who were suspected of improper ties to the    Russian government .   ’ "    Andrew McCarthy , of the    National Review ,     that a FISA FISA does n’t need evidence of a    crime to grant a warrant , just evidence amounting to probable    cause that the target of the wiretap is an agent of a foreign    power .   " "    Ben Rhodes , Obama ’s former deputy national security adviser , also    noted that presidents ca n’t unilaterally authorize wiretaps . " ’    " Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from    people like you , "   in reference to Trump .   ’ ’   ’ ’     ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Trump Trump national security adviser , Michael Flynn , resigned in    February after revelations that he Trump discussed US sanctions on    Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States before    Trump Trump office . " ’    Robert Costa ,   said that Trump Trump woke up on    Saturday morning " surprised " by Trump’ ’s tweets . ’ ’    Administration officials reportedly   they ’ ’   Administration officials Saturday to be a " down day , pretty    quiet . " Trump’ Trump’ tweets started around 6 a. m. on Saturday Saturday from    the    .   ’ ’    Trump also took a shot at Arnold Schwarzenegger , who   that he Trump leaving " The Apprentice , " the    show Trump Trump hosted . ’ ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tTerrible ! Just found out that Obama had my " wires tapped " in Trump Tower just before the victory . Nothing found . This is McCarthyism ! ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tIs it legal for a sitting President to be " wire tapping " a race for president prior to an election ? Turned down by court earlier . A NEW LOW ! ’t’t’ " ’t’t’tI’d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October , just prior to Election ! ’t’t " ’ ’t’t’tHow low has President President Obama to tapp my phones my phones very sacred election process . This is   . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! ’t’t’ ’ Reuters contributed reporting .   ’ ’President Donald Trump accused former president . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 