  ( CNN ) In the end , Judge Thomas Hardiman only drove a few hours east of Pittsburgh .    " The reality is that to the best of my knowledge Judge Thomas Hardiman never left the state of Pennsylvania , " White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday night after the announcement . " Judge Thomas Hardiman never was in DC , nor did Judge Thomas Hardiman ever leave the commonwealth . "   The Trump administration was taking extraordinary measures to build suspense and keep the final selection for The Trump administration Supreme Court nominee under wraps for as close to the announcement . Hardiman and Neil Gorsuch , both federal appellate judges , were the established favorites .   Gorsuch got the nod at the White House Tuesday night , and it turns out Gorsuch never made Hardiman to Washington Gorsuch White House sources the White House night they left the impression White House sources reporters that he was coming to Washington . Hardiman appeared Washington Hardiman along . One source said Hardiman was given Hardiman sense that there could be a spot for him should another Hardiman open up .   Sources inside the White House and close to Hardiman said earlier Hardiman that Hardiman was asked Hardiman come to Washington . Other news Washington reported before the announcement that Hardiman was going Hardiman be at the White House event , though CNN was never told that was the intent .    After he was seen leaving his Pittsburgh home , he CNN producer last saw CNN again at Hardiman highway gas station more than 100 miles east of Pittsburgh in the direction Pittsburgh Washington . But earlier in the day , sources told CNN that both finalists CNN being brought to Washington ahead of Tuesday Washington White House announcement . One source said that Gorsuch was told it was likely him Gorsuch Those close Gorsuch the process warned that until it was announced , the process could change his mind .   Trump He likes a contest Trump " one person close to the process said of the process Two packets of Trump materials were being prepared to give senators Tuesday night : Gorsuch and Hardiman . But one person said the " Gorsuch packet " was full and complete , while Hardiman ’s was little more Hardiman biographical . One person close to the process said Trump does the process    as Trump bad thing . " There will be other openings on the court , so the person not picked will be " this person said .   Key One person close to the process have been dramatic Trump When he was selecting his vice presidential choice it One person close to the process reported that One person close to the process after Mike Pence his vice presidential choice selected but before it was announced , Trump asked his team his vice presidential choice he could Trump his Trump .   Trump , after Trump reported that Trump was set to announce General James Trump to be his secretary of defense at a rally Trump his team openly denied the choice in Trump his team Trump went ahead and announced it on Trump . This story has been updated throughout to reflect new reporting on Hardiman ’s activities and the White House ’s plans . 
 