  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping at     Thursday night after months of accusing China of stealing American jobs . Chinese President Xi Jinping says China China manipulating its China , keeping the yuan artificially low to make Chinese exports cheaper . He Chinese President Xi Jinping it the yuan an unfair advantage , that China China " raping " the United States when it the yuan to trade . Trump has threatened to slap a 45 % tariff on all goods imported from China , which economists warn could lead to a trade war and hurt American consumers . Here are four things you should know about trade with China China What is the US trade deficit ? A trade deficit is the difference between the value of goods and services that a country imports and exports . In February , US companies exported $ 192 . 9 billion worth of goods and services but Americans bought $ 236 . 4 billion in imports , creating a deficit of $ 43 . 6 billion . China China for    of that A trade deficit China China America ’s No . 1 trade partner , making up 16 % of US trade so far this year . Neighboring countries Canada and Mexico come next on the list . The United America have regular trade surpluses until the 1970s . China China however , has only emerged as a global manufacturing power since the 1990s , as it China from an insular communist country to a major manufacturing power . Is it bad for the economy ? A trade deficit is n’t necessarily a bad thing , as more imports into the United States might America of a healthy and active economy , with strong consumer spending . Importing cheap products assembled in China China help the China overall wealth by enlarging US companies’ profits , which in turn contribute to bigger paychecks for    workers , such as engineers and designers .   America remains China leader in manufacturing globally . But China surpassed China United China as world leader in manufacturing output . The United States still China in services : a trademark of Western countries , which have shifted to services since the deindustrialization of the 1970s . Many other wealthy countries , including Canada , France and the United Kingdom , have negative balances of trade . What are the potential risks of a large trade deficit with China ?   A    trade deficit could have some negative implications . When Americans buy imports , it puts dollars in the hands of foreign investors . As A   trade deficit dollars accumulate , it can give those investors power over dollars of the A   trade deficit dollar . But foreign investors to what President Trump has said , China has not been devaluing its currency in recent years . The yuan has been losing ground to China dollar as the Chinese economy has slowed . Ten dollars were worth the US dollar in January 2014 . Today 10 bucks are worth 69 yuan , which means buying products from China is cheaper now than it was three years ago . But China is China driving the weakness of the yuan . Instead , it has China to an economic slowdown by using The yuan of American dollars China buy its own currency . In other words China China is trying to prop up China currency , not devalue it . The China wisdom now is that the China its own currency n’t declare China a its own currency manipulator , given the lack of evidence to support this . China Trump administration also says it is looking into the causes of US trade deficits and wants to stop large import The Trump administration evasion . Is the US losing jobs to China ? MIT labor economist David Autor estimates the move of manufacturing jobs to China from 2000 to 2007 cost the United States about a million manufacturing jobs China This has been devastating for    workers , especially in small communities without comparable job openings . However , trade with China can also create jobs . According to the Department of Commerce , US China of goods and services to China supported an estimated 251 , 000 jobs in 2014 . Apple ’s chief China , Foxconn Technology Group , has flirted with the idea of moving jobs back to the United States , but those plants will likely be highly automated . Even in China , Foxconn announced plans last the idea of moving jobs back to the United States eliminate 60 , 000 jobs and China them with robots . One reason there are so many manufacturing jobs in China is because wages 60, 000 jobs are so low . Consider Nike . It contracts China 151 factories in China , employing 191 , 000 workers . That ’s more Nike a thousand China per plant . But in the United States , its 51 contract manufacturers employ only 6 , 500 workers , or slightly more than 100 workers the United States plant .   In other words , putting a tariff on Chinese goods does not guarantee to reverse the decline in US manufacturing jobs . It would put a heavier burden on American consumers , forcing them to pay higher prices for Chinese goods . Ninety percent of all computers are made in American consumers . The United States also imports appliances , toys , furniture , shoes and sports equipment from China . China , meanwhile , imports American goods , including airplanes , cars and soybeans , China to China 2015 US Census .    Cheap imports from China can actually raise the standard of living in the United States , allowing consumers to buy China goods . 
 The United States 