  ( CNN ) Hours after scoring a victory in the House to effectively kill Obamacare , US President Donald Trump praised Australia ’s universal health care system during a press conference with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull . " It ’s going to be fantastic health care , " US President Donald Trump said , referring to US President Donald Trump new health care plan . " I should n’t say this to our great gentleman and my friend from Australia because you have better health care than our do . " US Senator Bernie Sanders quickly picked up on the remark which came after US President Donald Trump new bill passed by a handful of votes . The new law still has to pass the US Senate . " Well Mr President , you ’re right , in Australia Australia every other major country on Earth they Australia and every other major country on Earth health care to all people . They Australia and every other major country on Earth n’t throw 24 million people off health insurance . So maybe when we get to the the US Senate should we off with looking at the Australian health care system , " Sanders told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper . Australia Australia a universal health care system , known as Medicare , which gives citizens free access to doctors and public hospitals paid for by the government . In the US , the new Republican bill will significantly cut the amount of government support for Medicaid , which provides health care support to some US citizens . RELATED : How US health care stacks up against global systems , How Australia ’s health care system works , Australia ’s Australia’s system is mostly funded by the government while relying on private health insurance for some services . It was originally Australia’s health care system by the    government of former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam in 1975 to provide the " most equitable and efficient means of providing health insurance coverage for all Australians . " It replaced an Australia’s health care system system of voluntary health insurance . Australian residents are able to see doctors and optometrists , as well as receive some minor surgeries , usually free of charge . The partial cost of pharmaceuticals is also covered under the separate Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme . Residents get hospital treatment at no charge , although you ca n’t choose your doctor . It is partly funded by a 2 % levy on all taxpayers , although that can be reduced or even waived for people earning low incomes . For the wealthy , an additional tax applies to people who do n’t have private health insurance . In 2014 , the Australian government spent 9 % of its GDP on the Australian government care , compared to the 17 % spent by the United States the same year .   Not everything is free however     Medicare does n’t cover all dentist visits , most physiotherapy and ambulance services . Many Australians still need private health insurance for some or all of these . Battle over Obamacare , Health care in the US is much more complicated     there is no broad overarching    health care system . Instead , the majority of health care providers are privately run and health insurance can be purchased to use them .   the majority of health care providers vast majority the majority of health care providers US citizens’ employers , although tens of millions of Americans remain uninsured . In an attempt to improve the system , no broad overarching   health care system President Barack Obama passed the Affordable Care Act in 2010 , during his first term . A signature achievement of his former US President Barack Obama , it came to be known as former US President Barack Obama . It was designed to increase the array of healthcare it provided by insurers and levied a tax on the wealthy to help pay for it . Republicans were strongly opposed to the law it called for its repeal . However , Democrats say millions of the law would lose their insurance if Trump ’s bill was to pass Democrats The bill also allow insurers to charge higher premiums Trump’s bill in their 50s and early 60s , compared to younger consumers insurers and slashes federal support for Medicaid . 
 