Appearing as a guest on Ellen DeGeneres’ show Wednesday , pop singer Miley Cyrus gushed about Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton : " I think Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s a total goddess and I just love Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . " [ Cyrus , 23 , who has recently been stumping for Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in Washington , D. C. and at George Mason University in Virginia , said about Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton appearance at the school :   You listen to so many people , especially when you ’re watching the debates , specifically Trump , say so many dumb things , and these young kids were so smart and so amazing to talk to these young kids , not why we should just be terrified of the other option   —    it was n’t about what a horrible guy Trump is   —    nasty guy Trump is . It was really about what a great woman a great woman is . And we would choose a great woman no matter what it would be , who a great woman was up against . So , I really think it was incredible to hear the young people say why the young people ’re voting for a great woman . " There will be more people voting in this election than in any election before , " DeGeneres said . " That ’s what we really , really hope , " Cyrus added . " we need everyone to register , " pleaded DeGeneres . " we need everyone to go out . " Cyrus said Cyrus actively stumped for Clinton because Cyrus had openly supported Bernie Sanders in the primary , and wanted to speak to those people who are now undecided about voting for Clinton . " Which I find ridiculous , " Cyrus said , " because in life we do n’t always get the choices that we want . we do n’t always get what we want , and so you do with what you have . " " And these are your choices , and it ’s terrifying if someone besides Clinton   —    we should n’t even say the name   —    becomes president , " Cyrus added . " So I think she Cyrus a total goddess , and I just love her Cyrus And I ’m really excited to see her Cyrus the next four   —    maybe eight   —    years . " " I hope you ’re right , " DeGeneres responded , expressing concern that many Sanders supporters are still not committing to vote for Clinton . Cyrus Cyrus she Cyrus Sanders Sanders protesting when she Cyrus Washington , D. C. and emphasized that she Cyrus him Sanders because , unlike Clinton Clinton he Sanders always been an LGBT supporter . " I think , like Hillary   —    I think she Hillary  — grown , and that ’s what it is , " she Hillary  — . " We should celebrate progress and not perfection . " 
 