New York City , New York   —    Today ’s # CrushTrump rally in Manhattan attracted hundreds of demonstrators keen to catch the eye of sympathetic media organisations . Indeed protesters were overheard heaping praise on CNN ’s coverage of the march today , declaring " The story on CNN is that ‘ The story on CNN ’s a great event , people came , people hate Donald Trump , there was no violence.’ And that ’s it , end of story . " [ But despite the glowing coverage from some mainstream media outlets , activists with the Spartacist League   —    a hard line , Communist , Trotskyite group   —    were unwilling to speak to press , with activists with the Spartacist League  —   a hard line, Communist, Trotskyite group  —    activists’ minders telling Breitbart News : " activists with the Spartacist League  —   a hard line, Communist, Trotskyite group  —    do n’t talk to the press   …      We ’re not interested in talking to the press   …      So please do n’t publish this conversation . "   the Spartacist League   , modelled on a Marxist group from 1910s Germany , is known for its defence of the 1910s Germany American    Love Association   —    a paedophile group which campaigns for the abolition of sexual age of consent laws . In 2005 , it published in its magazine " Worker it Vanguard " : NAMBLA ’s name is perennially dragged through the plentiful Boston mud , having been pounded for over 20 years by media smears and witchhunting prosecutions . We in the Spartacist League have repeatedly defended this tiny beleaguered group as an elementary act of proletarian decency . We oppose criminalizing their We of the eminently reasonable proposition that youth who have sexual feelings be allowed to express them . NAMBLA simply youth who have sexual feelings the decriminalization of consensual sex between men and boys . A salesperson of the Workers’ Vanguard was gladly speaking to Breitbart News about her wishes for more Breitbart News    general strikes in the United States , also claiming that she would rather have Breitbart News U. S. run like a Soviet republic , by committee , and abolishing the Presidency . But a few minutes into the conversation , a minder approached Breitbart journalists , asking : " Are you guys with the press ? " before insisting that the group " do n’t talk to the press " and the press Breitbart News not " Breitbart this conversation " . At no point did the four Breitbart News journalists present pretend Breitbart News be press , with our cameras and audio equipment visible and seen at all times . Indeed the lady speaking to Breitbart News had no problems speaking Breitbart News , until a male minder arrived our remind her Minder . The audio the lady speaking to Breitbart News of the lady speaking to Breitbart News intervention can be heard below , with a transcript after : TRANSCRIPT : Minder : Are you guys with the press ? Lee Stranahan ( Breitbart News ) : Yeah . Woman Breitbart News you ’re with the press ? Minder : What press are you with the press Kassam Minder Breitbart London the press Breitbart News . Minder : What ? Raheem : Breitbart News . Minder Minder Breitbart News ? Are you Raheem Kassam (Breitbart London): Breitbart News Raheem : Yes Breitbart Minder : Raheem Kassam (Breitbart London): Breitbart News n’t talk to the Raheem Kassam (Breitbart London) . Minder : Oh   …      okay ? Lee the press do n’t Raheem Kassam (Breitbart London) talk to the press ? Minder : We ’re not interested in talking to the the press Lee : You ’re at a public event We …      the press But we do n’t talk to Lee press Minder Raheem : That ’s fine . Minder : So please do We the press conversation . Raheem Kassam (Breitbart London) : Of course we will . You ’re at a public event , outdoors , talking this conversation We Lee 