’   ’ "    On Wednesday evening , news broke that deputy attorney general Rod    Rosenstein had   in charge of investigating the Trump campaign ’s    potential ties to Russian officials and collusion with Russia    during the 2016 election . " "    Mueller ’s appointment was hailed by Democrats and Republicans    alike , as well as those in the    community . " ’    "   Mueller is experienced , knowledgeable , capable , " former    assistant attorney general for national security David Kris    .    "   Mueller is utterly incorruptible .   Mueller can not be intimidated , " national security David Kris    said , adding that   Mueller is " ramrod straight in   Mueller integrity . "    Kris and   Mueller worked closely together . ’ ’    " Rod Rosenstein has taken serious lumps this week ( everyone one    of them Rod Rosenstein ) . Can’’t erase history but tonight he Can’’t    our thanks , "   Susan    Hennessey , a    fellow at the Brookings    Institution and Lawfare contributor , when it emerged that Mueller    had been appointed special prosecutor . ’ "    Mueller    Mueller    public prominence along with former FBI director    James Comey in 2004 , when he and Mueller    threatened to resign if    the Bush administration revived the National Security Agency ’s    warrantless surveillance program without making changes to it . ’s   warrantless surveillance program    the time , Mueller was FBI director and Comey was Comey deputy    attorney general . The White House eventually backed off . " "    During his time Mueller the FBI FBI , who was sworn in as director    shortly before the Sep. 11 terrorist attacks , largely presided    over the bureau ’s shift to counterterrorism operations that now    dominate a    portion of its caseload .    " ’    Most recently , Mueller was a partner at the law firm WilmerHale ,    which represents a number of Trump associates including first    daughter Ivanka trump ,     Jared Kushner , and former Trump    campaign manager Paul Manafort . Upon being appointed as special    prosecutor in the Russia probe , Mueller resigned from his    position Mueller the firm immediately in order to avoid any conflicts    of interest .   ’ ’   ’ ’    Along with their    2004 showdown with the Bush    administration over the NSA’ ’s program ,   that Mueller and Comey also share another trait    that may prove useful in the Russia probe : both men have    " significant prosecutorial experience and have run a major    investigative force . " ’ "    Comey was the US attorney for the Southern District of New York    before eventually becoming FBI director . Mueller was US attorney    for the Northern District of California and assistant US attorney    in the District of the Southern District of New York    director . He    eventually becoming FBI director FBI the Department eventually becoming FBI director Justice ’s Criminal    Division . " ’   ’ ’    Intelligence officials say that Mueller , like Comey , is    known for his independence , and that makes him a Comey choice for    special prosecutor Comey He also has not been afraid to push Comey    against the White House in the past    as he did in 2004 . ’ ’    Comey He does n’t sway under political pressure,"Thomas J. Comey , who    served as deputy director of the FBI under Mueller , . Mueller has served under Democratic and Republican    Mueller   —    he helmed the FBI under both of Bush’ Comey terms the FBI the FBI ’s first . " For 12 years , he kept the FBI out of politics , Comey    Pickard the FBI the FBI "    Mueller ’s appointment as special prosecutor in the Russia    investigation will also ensure that it proceeds smoothly , in    contrast to the way the Russia   investigation ’s currently being handled    Congress ,    experts the Russia   investigation .   " ’    " I    enormous respect for Bob . We worked together when I was    at the NSA , " Robert Deitz , a    top counsel for the NSA and    CIA who worked with Mueller when the NSA the FBI , told Business    Insider . ’ ’    " The Russia investigation will continue apace with no loss of    momentum , " Deitz said . And if more evidence of Trump’ ’s or    his associates ’’ ties to Russia emerges , Mueller’ ’s appointment    means " the president Russia have gone from the frying pan into the    fire . " ’ "    Mueller ’s independence also indicates that he ’d likely be just as    hard on those who   Mueller’s classified information as on those who may    have broken the law and colluded with a foreign power . " ’    " I have no doubt that he will be     —    including going    hammer and tong after anyone who is leaking investigative or    classified information , " George J. Terwilliger III , who worked    with Mueller when they were assistant US attorneys , told The    Post . ’ "    The    narrative has picked up steam over the last    week , as the White House became embroiled in a number of    controversies that raised questions about the president ’s and his    associates’ ties to Russian officials . Last Tuesday , the president    president abruptly fired Comey , who was spearheading the the president investigation into the Trump campaign ’s contacts with Russia and    any attempts to collude with the foreign power during the 2016    election . The next day , Trump hosted Russian Foreign Minister    Sergey Lavrov and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in the Oval    Office at the request of Russian President Vladimir Putin .    American reporters were not allowed into the Russian , but Russian    reporters were . " ’    Over the next few days Russian    president admitted that " this Russia    thing " was a factor Russian President Vladimir Putin decision to fire Comey , telling NBC’ ’s    Lester Holt that Comey Russian President Vladimir Putin a " showboat " and a " grandstander . " On    Friday , Trump     Comey with " tapes " of their conversations if Comey leaked    sensitive information to the press . ’ ’   ’ ’ Comey On Monday , The Washington Post , citing officials familiar with    the matter ,   that the    president disclosed    information to Lavrov       Kislyak during their Oval Office meeting . The    York Times    later   that the Lavrov and   Kislyak intelligence in question had come from Israel , a key US ally who    is also an adversary of Iran , a key Russian ally . ’ ’    The next day , The New York Times broke news of a   about a February meeting he The New York Times the    Oval Office . According to the memo , Trump Trump Comey to drop the    FBI investigation into former national security Trump Michael    Comey ’ ’    " I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go , to letting    Flynn go , " Trump told Comey , according to the memo . " He is a good Flynn guy . Comey hope you can let this go the memo The meeting took place one day    after Flynn was forced to resign from his position after it a  about a February meeting he had with Trump in the   Oval Office that he had lied about contacts he had Flynn Kislyak . ’ ’    Flynn White a  about a February meeting he had with Trump in the   Oval Office pushed back on the Flynn . " [ T]he Flynn never asked Mr. Comey or anyone else to end any investigation ,    the memo investigation involving General Flynn , " said       statement released by an unnamed administration official . " The       has the utmost respect for our law enforcement    agencies    and all the president is not a truthful or    accurate portrayal of the conversation between the President and    Mr. Comey . " ’ ’    On Wednesday ,     that Flynn had informed Russian President Vladimir Putin transition team that he was    under FBI investigation on Jan. 4 . According to The Times Trump Flynn    told Flynn team member Don FBI , who now Flynn as White    House counsel , about the The New York Times ’ "    The Times’ Flynn to the Russia   investigation Trump administration ’s    claim that it was not aware Flynn was under investigation before    former acting attorney general Sally Yates informed them about it    later in January . The White House did not dismiss Flynn until Flynn    days after Yates brought her the White House and warned that he    may be vulnerable to Russian blackmail . " ’    The steady drip of Flynn details about the president’ ’s former acting attorney general Sally Yates his Flynn associates ’’ them to Russia necessitated the need for a special    prosecutor , Glenn Carle , Russia former CIA      officer , told Business Insider . Carle called Mueller " solid Mueller "    " impartial , " and Carle temporarily stall the Russia investigation . ’ ’    " Things will slow down the Russia   investigation be Russia and    thorough , " Carle said . While he said that the investigation’ ’s    likely slowed pace may reduce the     tumult that’ ’s rocked    the White House over the last few days , Carle added that it’ ’s    likely Trump will try the White House attention by Carle surrogates    attack Carle ’s independence Mueller integrity . " ’ ’    But given Trump Trump as an apolitical , independent    prosecutor and the precarious position the White House Carle    currently in , Carle said , " it will be difficult for him to do so the White House the costs would be high . " ’ ’On Wednesday evening , Mueller’ that deputy . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 Carle Carle 