JERUSALEM   —    U. S. Congressman Dave Brat and    Scott Taylor affirmed U. S. Congressman Dave Brat and   Scott Taylor belief that    Donald Trump will make good on   Donald Trump promise to move the U. S. embassy to JERUSALEM . [ " [ Trump ’s ] priority in moving the U. S. embassy is a huge symbol , " Scott Taylor told JERUSALEM on Monday at the Jerusalem JERUSALEM Summit . " You ’ve heard of other presidents who have started to do it but they end up not doing it , it I think he   Donald Trump . And I support it . it   Congressman Dave Brat agreed : " Oh , he has Congressman Dave Brat guts to do it . it The political ascent of both Taylor Scott Taylor Brat came Congressman Dave Brat something of a surprise , and can be seen as a    indicator of the revolutionary path that led to Trump , viewed by the establishment as the ultimate interloper , winning the election . Both were grassroots efforts that saw the candidates running bootstrap campaigns against formidable opponents . Taylor , a former Navy SEAL , was outspent almost twelve to one by    Congressman Randy Forbes . Against all the odds , Brat famously defeated former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor in the 2014 GOP primary . According to Brat , Brat Americans are so jaded by the political climate that outsiders are being embraced . He sees   Congressman Randy Forbes similarities between his own   Congressman Randy Forbes rise and Trump ’s . " The outsider deal is huge , " Brat told Brat Jerusalem . " We ’re running against the establishment . Against Washington , DC . The system is broken and everyone knows it . The system Both Taylor and Brat expressed Brat support Taylor and Brat free trade . According to Brat , Brat Trump has Trump changed the dialogue on trade . " " In the U. S. right now you have $ 2 . 5 trillion in regulation for small business and on top of that you have Obamacare with healthcare costs increasing 20 or 30 percent a year , all on the back of small businesses . The problem is we do not have any free markets inside the U. the U. S. a result , countries that do n’t have prohibitive regulatory burdens like India and China are " clobbering us " when it comes to competition . " And Trump tapped into all that , " he continued . " Trump underlying message he ’s trying to Trump through is we need a level playing field . " Within the first few weeks of office , Brat said , Trump can undo President Trump Obama ’s executive orders that are imposing huge costs on businesses , such as fiduciary rule , overtime rule and EPA regulations . " Before you do all these massive trade deals you need to first create a level playing field and only then can you get to free trade , " he added . For Trump ’s part , he intends to advance Trump that ensures every negotiated trade deal has a sunset clause . " It ’s crazy that they go right on until infinity , instead of forcing Congress to revisit the deals to see whether they ’ve actually helped they " The congressman and    joined conservative leaders from all over the world for the    event at the Waldorf Astoria in the Israeli capital . The convention ,    by , among others , the International Leaders Summit and the Heritage Foundation   —    a    think tank that has been instrumental in shaping the Trump transition   —    saw members of the European Parliament and business leaders from the U. S. Israel , Europe and India convene to discuss global challenges , including threats to security and the weakening rule of law . Regarding the Middle East , Taylor takes umbrage with the quixotic approach of the last administration , believing that " we have to take the region as it is , not as we wish it to be . " While " Iran is one of the biggest threats to the region , " the region " places of mutual interest , " such as Iran ’s opposition to Sunni Iran " With a coalition of Israel and some Arab states   —    and even engaging with the Russians because you have to know they ’re a world power   the Russians    I think Iran can be tempered , " Iran said . " I think Trump will be very strong for Israel , " he added , Israel to Trump he choice of campaign managers Trump nomination of David Friedman to he the role of U. S. ambassador to the Jewish state .   " It all bodes very well for Israel . " 
 Israel 