A large cohort of Americans have reservations about the presidency of Donald Trump , who lost the popular vote by 2 . 9 million , strikes many who did vote for Donald Trump, who lost the popular vote by 2 as a highly flawed " lesser of two evils , " and has a dismal 37 percent approval rating . These ideologically diverse skeptics must cooperate if These ideologically diverse skeptics hope to minimize the damage These ideologically diverse skeptics believe the Trump Administration will do to America if left unopposed . But so far , These ideologically diverse skeptics are easily divided . In fact , These ideologically diverse skeptics can not even refrain from attacking or alienating one another on matters where These ideologically diverse skeptics are mostly in agreement . This    approach was illustrated earlier this week when Never Trump conservatives who fully believe that Donald Trump is a bully watched Meryl Streep level that criticism . Rather than embracing a rare moment of narrow convergence with a Hollywood liberal , Rather than embracing a rare moment of narrow convergence with a Hollywood liberal let the mutual antagonism between Rather than embracing a rare moment of narrow convergence with a Hollywood liberal cultural tribes drive their cultural tribes reaction and wound up furiously attacking the actress over perceived hypocrisy . Doing so advanced none of Rather than embracing a rare moment of narrow convergence with a Hollywood liberal ends . It was a missed opportunity . Another immediate example concerns the upcoming Woman ’s March on Washington , D. C. where critics of Donald Trump will protest the day after Donald Trump inauguration .   Here ’s how a New York Times article on preparations for the event began : Many thousands of women are expected to converge on the nation ’s capital for the Women ’s March on Washington the day after Donald Trump ’s inauguration . Jennifer Willis no longer plans to be one of them . Many thousands of women Willis , a     wedding minister from South Carolina , had looked forward to taking her daughters Jennifer Willis the march the Women’s March on Washington she read a Jennifer Willis on the Facebook page for the march that made her feel unwelcome Jennifer Willis she is white Jennifer Willis The post , written by a black activist from Brooklyn who is a march volunteer , advised " white allies " to listen more and talk less . It also chided those who , it said , It only now waking up to racism because of the election . " You do n’t just get to join because now you ’re scared , too , " read the post . " I was born scared . " Stung by the tone , Ms. Willis canceled her trip . Ms. Willis This is a women ’s march , " she said . Ms. Willis We ’re supposed to be allies in equal pay , marriage , adoption . Why is it now about , ‘ White women do n’t understand black women’ ? " For many , this was yet another illustration of identity politics undermining the effectiveness of leftist activism . There are discrete features of some identity politics that frustrate me too . Many manifestations of tribalism are doing dangerous harm to liberal democracy . And I certainly think it is foolish for a political organizer collaborating on a protest to tell anyone , " You do n’t just get to join now because you ’re scared . " " Yes , we can ! " works much better . But I find fault with Ms. Willis , too . The wedding minister from South Carolina apparently believes that Donald Trump threatens sound policy on a host of vitally important issues , and that marching on Washington will help diminish his power to The wedding minister from South Carolina harm . Given those beliefs , it seems rather small to cancel her attendance because The wedding minister from South Carolina Brooklyn activist wrote a Facebook post that she found wrongheaded The wedding minister from South Carolina To stand up for their beliefs , those beliefs defied a king by signing their names to parchment Americans could ’ve been a death warrant , parachuted into Germany to fight fascists to the death , and braved Bull Connor ’s attack dogs . Are we now too fragile to attend a march of many thousands when one of them hurts our feelings their the we ? To borrow advice that Nicholas Christakis once sagely offered , if you do n’t like someone ’s behavior , " look away , or tell them you are offended their Talk to each other . " Do n’t withdraw to a safe space , abandoning much that is more important than stung feelings . The New York Times article offered more examples of    tension , then added that " no one involved with the march fears that the rancor will dampen turnout even many of those who expressed dismay at the tone of the discussion said they still intended to those who expressed dismay at the tone of the discussion what is sure to be the largest demonstration yet against the Trump presidency . " If that is indeed the ultimate outcome it will be blessedly rational . There is no reason that people who disagree , even deeply , on the wisdom or optimal contours of intersectional feminism can not also agree to cooperate fully in opposing Trump . Which faction Trump correct need not affect this cooperation . Yet large swaths of the right and left , including extremely thoughtful ,    observers of the American scene , are behaving as if such cooperation is impossible . Even those who purport to reject all kinds of identity politics are unwittingly presuming its supremacy in their identity politics . Comparing Even those who purport to reject all kinds of identity politics Streep , who delivered a message to a room full of Hollywood liberals who were certain to applaud it , and Mark a message , who published a broadside against identity politics in the New York Times that many on the left were sure to attack , Rod Dreher writes , " Meryl Streep is not a brave liberal . Michael Eric Dyson is not a brave liberal . Mark Lilla is a brave liberal . " There ’s a salvageable insight there . Only Lilla risked the Mark Lilla his own tribe , and Mark Lilla does require admirable traits . Still , is it more brave to suffer the zings of woke Twitter than to humiliate a famously vindictive personality poised to be the most powerful head of state on the planet ? Odds are the actress and the academic will both be fine , but fearing criticism from a faction that holds most of its power on social media the planet than a combative leader in a world where such people sometimes keep enemies’ lists makes no sense . Meanwhile , down in the comments of that same post , a leftist Rod Dreher reader declares that he ’s glad the woman a leftist Rod Dreher reader ’s no longer attending the    rally will stay home : No one is mourning the loss of the woman you quoted . She was never truly " the woman you quoted our side . " She was , very likely the woman you quoted the kind of    person who was happy to go along with the removal of industrial employment and it ’s replacement with    the removal of industrial employment jobs for reasons of economic efficiency . She was likely the kind the woman you quoted person who was so afraid of minorities doing crimes that she was prepared to countenance the woman you quoted warehousing of all those surplus men in the American gulag . She is not a loss the woman you quoted any movement aimed at historical rectification in favor of equality . Perhaps if this individual marches alone down the street the unprecedented purity of his demonstration will persuade all who see him that his politics are his only his forward . But I ’d place my bets on a massive    march full of hopelessly impure rogues . There is no crisis caused by debating identity politics or anything that falls under its rubric from any direction . But a crisis will come if that debate is weighted so heavily that those on opposite sides proceed as if they could not possibly share those on opposite sides values , agree on any goals , retain any respect for one another , or cooperate at all , even as their shared political opponent , those on opposite sides exercises orders of magnitude more power than all of them combined , behaves in those on opposite sides that all regard as catastrophic for the United States . A large , diverse cohort of Americans have reservations about the presidency of Donald Trump , who lost the popular vote by 2 . 9 million , strikes many who did vote for him as a highly flawed Donald Trump, who lost the popular vote by 2 lesser of two evils , " and has a dismal 37 percent approval rating . They should treat those reservations A large, diverse cohort of Americans if they matter commensurate with their A large, diverse cohort of Americans , breaking ingrained A large, diverse cohort of Americans war habits that are no longer rational . 
 