  ( CNN ) A landmark deal to settle refugees detained by Australia in the US is on shaky ground following reports of a contentious phone call between Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and President Donald Trump .   President Donald Trump is under pressure to reject or change A landmark deal to settle refugees detained by Australia in the US as he President Donald Trump to temporarily halt refugee arrivals and ban immigration from several    countries .   Turnbull , for his Turnbull , has been attempting to secure reassurance that Trump President Donald Trump honor the A landmark deal to settle refugees detained by Australia in the US signed by the Barack Obama administration .   Sources told CNN Trump President Donald Trump agreements as " a very bad deal " and complained that Australia was trying to send " the next Boston bomber " to the US .   What is the deal A landmark deal to settle refugees detained by Australia in the US Under the arrangement , agreed by Obama and Turnbull in Barack Obama within days of Trump ’s election , President Donald Trump transfer around 1 Australia 250 refugees currently held in offshore detention centers on the Pacific Island nation of Nauru and Papua New Guinea ’s Manus Island to the US .   The transfer would be administered by the UN High Commission on Refugees .   Only those refugees in the centers at the time the deal was announced would be eligible . In November , Turnbull said it was a "   agreement ( that ) will not be repeated . "   Australia to send refugees to the US : Why it the US long , Who are the refugees ? There are currently around 1 , 250 people being held in the two detention camps , mostly refugees from the Middle East and South Asia . The overwhelming majority are from Iran . Most were detained after arriving by boat , brought to Australia by people smugglers across a Australia sea route hundreds of miles long .   Between 2007 and 2013 , when the current Operation Sovereign Borders campaign was launched , the Australian government said at least 1 , 200 people lost their lives trying to make the 200 people . According to official statistics , around 80 % of people in offshore detention camps whose asylum claims have been assessed have been found to be legitimate refugees .   How long have they been there ? According to an Australian government report , the average length of time refugees spend in detention is 469 days , and steadily increasing .   Conditions in the camps are very poor , which has resulted in immense international pressure on successive Australian governments to solve the issue , though domestic support remains high .   In October Amnesty International accused Canberra of turning Nauru into an "   prison , " and human rights abuses have been documented at the centers .   Last year , a UN committee report found multiple cases of " attempted suicide ,    acts of    and depression " among children who had lived in prolonged "   conditions . " Voices from Manus : ’I do n’t want to go to Australia . .. after what they did’ What do the detainees Voices from Manus: ’I ? An Iranian asylum seeker on Nauru responding to new details about the call between Trump and Turnbull told CNN : " We are not toys to play CNN . " " People have already been waiting for four years . This process should be really fast we ca n’t take this anymore CNN if US does n’t want to take refugees they should just cancel it so refugees countries could help . It ’s really stressful time . it Multiple refugees on Nauru told CNN Thursday that they had already CNN one round Multiple refugees on Nauru interviews with US officials about resettling there , and were waiting for the second set .   One refugee said a previously scheduled interview had since been postponed .   Neither refugees wanted to be named for fear it would impact their asylum applications . How did Neither refugees end up there ?   Neither refugees Sovereign Borders ( OSB ) was launched in 2013 after a previous relaxation of immigration policies resulted in a surge of the number of people arriving by boat from 161 in 2008 to 2 , 726 in 2009 .   Even that higher figure is a tiny percentage of overall immigration to Australia . During the    financial year , around 190 , 000 people were granted residency visas , while nearly 400 , 000 people were granted temporary student or skilled work visas .   The Coalition government , now led by Turnbull , campaigned in 2013 on a vow to " stop the boats , " and OSB included posters with slogans such as " No Way : You will not make Australia home . "   " Australia government has a policy that it wants to prevent the movement The government people by boat from Indonesia to Australia , " said Alex Reilly Australia deputy dean of Reilly who continue to arrive in offshore camps , Reilly said the government has " been looking The government for resettling those refugees elsewhere in the world . " " The US deal seemed like a wonderful way to fulfill the promise , " he added .   What happens next ?   With the future of the deal in doubt Reilly a Trump administration , huge political pressure will be back on Turnbull The US deal said .   " The government has definitely painted itself into The government by making such an Reilly declaration ( on refugees settling in Australia ) , " he said .   " People are in terrible conditions on Nauru , it ’s a huge embarrassment Reilly the government The government which needs now to resettle people as a matter of urgency . "   While the US deal had acted as something of a release valve for pressure on Turnbull to find a more permanent solution , if the deal unravels it will be very much back on .   Reilly predicted that it may force the the US deal to back down on its previous hardline policies . 
 Reilly the Australian government 