DALLAS , TEXAS   —    Donald J. Trump and the Republican National Committee chairman were greeted by an overflow crowd as DALLAS, TEXAS  —   Donald J. Trump and the Republican National Committee chairman came to the Lone Star State . The two came for fundraising events and to rally Texans for the November showdown with Hillary Clinton . Outside the event were hundreds of protesters , including the usual motley assortment of agitator groups , and a heavy contingent of Mexican    activists . [ The protesters’ views and actions ranged from the radical to the ridiculous and everywhere in between : from    clowns running amok to Black Bloc vigilantes   —    from incoherent Aztlan advocates to Islamic apologists .   The Best Shirt from a protester at tonight ’s Dallas    event . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 17 , 2016 ,   More from genius white woman : I ask genius white woman where @HumaAbedin is from . Answer : Trump is a Nazi . Because Germany pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan) June 17 , 2016 , Another genius    protester : the white woman who thinks white people are terrorists . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan @stranahan) 17 June 17, 2016 asked the guy with the Sensible Gun Rights shirt a couple of questions outside Donald Trump rally . Well , watch . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) @stranahan) , 2016 , It ’s become routine to see Mexican flags at    protests , particularly in southwestern and western states . Dallas was no exception , as a large contingent of protestors organized by the Vote Latino Project came out with preprinted signs and a sizable group of people waving Mexican flags . The protest organizers appeared to have wised up to the fact that many American voters are confused and turned off by the sight of Mexican flags waving , so they Mexican made sure to throw The protest organizers flags into the mix . Dude in Mexico serape explains why he likes Mexico . pic . Dude in Mexico serape . Mexico —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 16 , 2016 , Make America Mexico Again ? I asked why of protestors outside Donald Trump rally . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 17 , 2016 @stranahan) with the " Make Texas Mexico Again people . Meet the brilliant into Donald Trump protesters . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 17 , 2016 , @stranahan) typical at these protests , there were clashes with both the police and some    activists , but the Dallas police did an excellent job of The Dallas PD protestors from the Americans trying to attend the Donald Trump event . The Dallas PD has brought out horses . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 17 , 2016 , Horses at the ready . This is Texas . Donald Trump Protest . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 17 , 2016 , Lamest Molotov cocktail @stranahan) anti Trump protesters EVER pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 17 , 2016 , NT Donald Trump protesters @stranahan) throughout downtown Dallas . You can see police in all directions , pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 17 , 2016 , There was also a smattering @stranahan) Bloc June 17, 2016 , including one young man who ’s clearly not a fan of Breitbart news . This Black Block wannabe at the Dallas Donald Trump protest is not a @BreitbartNews fan . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 16 , 2016 , Then Black Bloc guy tried to get me beat up by " warning " the other protesters at Donald Trump event . I do n’t play . pic . twitter .    —    Donald Trump ( @stranahan ) June 16 , 2016 , So far , @Nero had the bigger crowd yesterday in @stranahan) the June 16, 2016 Dallas . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 16 , 2016 , Despite the recent tragedy in Orlando , apparently some gay activists @stranahan) not gotten the idea June 16, 2016 to kill them and that Democrat policies will not Orlando them . The    protestors included a notably large contingent of LGBT activists and others who seem some gay activists misunderstand who their real enemy is . some gay activists at    protest there was this guy . Think of him as the   @Nero . Clearly does n’t The   protestors . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 17 this guy 2016 , I do n’t think being gay is a choice , but acting like this Trump hater edefinitely is . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 17 , 2016 , Another    Protestor who completely denies that most terrorism in the world today is from Muslims . pic @stranahan) .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 17 , 2016 , Trump has a busy weekend of rallies in the southwest ahead of him , with scheduled appearances in Houston @stranahan) Vegas and Phoenix . 
 Trump 