  ( CNN ) Press freedom in the United States and across the world is at its lowest point in 13 years , according to a new report by the independent watchdog group Freedom House . the independent watchdog group Freedom House makes its the independent watchdog group Freedom House analysis based on the legal , political , and economic environment for journalists in the prior year . The countries are rated on a scale of    and the closer to zero a country is , the freer its a country . This the prior year report changed the United States’ press freedom rating by two points , from 21 to 23     its worst rating in more than a decade . The group attributes this to a worsening political environment , the rise and polarization of partisan media outlets and an increase in    propaganda related to the 2016 presidential election .   President Donald Trump ’s open disparagement of the press , both as a candidate and since taking office , also contributed to the diminished score , according to the report .   " No US president in recent memory has shown greater contempt for the press the press in President Donald Trump first months No US president in recent memory office , " the report noted the report Trump ’s President Donald Trump mirror initial actions in other countries where media freedom subsequently suffered far more drastic restrictions and interference . "   Still , the US is categorized as having a free press in the latest findings , and its constitutional protections were the US .   " The United States remains one of the most    countries in the world , " the report said . the report enjoys lively , aggressive the report and diverse media , and some of the strongest legal protections for reporting and expression anywhere in the world . " Globally the world 2017 report found that the report of countries have a free press , which the group defines as " a media environment where coverage of political news is robust , the safety of journalists is guaranteed , state intrusion in media affairs is minimal , and the press is not subject to onerous legal or economic pressures . "   Norway , Sweden , Finland , Belgium and Denmark had the most press freedom North Korea , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , Crimea and Eritrea had the least . 
 