Glenn Thrush , a solid progressive , writes at Politico how Hillary Clinton is    and boring compared to Donald Trump —   while softening the impact with some    adulation of Hillary ’s policy . [ The Republican frontrunner , Donald Trump —   writes , is having more fun and " dominating the press " to bust up Hillary    campaign that seems more appropriate for an election held 40 or 50 years ago .   From Politico :   Clinton ’s inability to master the press   —    or even understand the basic rules of controlling bad coverage   —    is legendary . As first lady , Clinton ’s suspicion of the prying media hardened into a trench warfare determination to keep reporters at arms’ length There have been periods of thaw but Clinton personal press relations were abysmal in 2008 and have been more or less    in the 2016 cycle . Clinton was inexplicably    and defensive in dealing with the predictable onslaught after the email scandal . And Clinton has n’t been willing to engage in all but the bare minimum     shmooze sessions that build goodwill   —    or at least mutual understanding   —    with Clinton embedded press contingent . Many of the reporters who cover Clinton have little sense of connection ( positive or negative ) to the candidate they have    with for months , and    ’s clear that Clinton chilly diffidence is a personal choice .    …      Clinton is a broccoli politician   —    Donald Trump is an      donut truck . Clinton Clinton is deeper and ( probably ) more durable , but the respective size and passion of their crowds speak to her vulnerabilities Clinton if not necessarily his electability Clinton Clinton events Clinton predictable , stodgy ,    pep rallies designed to bond her to Clinton constituencies she must Clinton to win . Trump ’s rallies are    populist    through his i Trump’s punctuated by the raucous ejection of    protesters that break out with the approximate frequency of    hockey fights .    …    As a candidate , Hillary Clinton Clinton detached dignity and caution of a 1960 ’s or 1970 ’s politician , and her passion , Clinton , is policy . Clinton ’s    Clinton at Roosevelt Island this summer was a nearly interminable laundry list of proposals ranging from Wall St. reform to childcare to ISIS . Trump ’s appeal , by contrast , is visceral and enthusiastically   . The policy page on his web site Trump been blank for most of the campaign   —    and his maiden speech Trump a candidate consisted of a    riff in the lobby of his building that Trump his now infamous Trump riff and his pledge to Trump a big wall on the border . More importantly , he seems to Trump changing the expectations of some ( perhaps many ) voters and reporters : Substance is becoming a condiment , bombast the main course , and Clinton despises that to her wonky core Clinton " She has a Clinton view of what the process is supposed to be , and she thinks   Clinton    apart from everything else   —    that he ’s destroying Trump , " one longtime Clinton adviser told Clinton . Read the rest of the story here . 
 