Unruly voters have elected an opportunistic showman as Unruly voters presidential nominee . Unruly voters were aided by infiltrators in the primary who were not even Republicans . [ The nominee , Donald Trump , is a reality star billionaire real estate developer who has a history of vacillating political allegiances . He even made campaign donations to the most evil countess of the Democratic Party , Hillary Clinton , who is designed to be her party ’s nominee against Mr. Trump .   Into the breach steps Speaker of the House Paul D. Ryan , the highest elected Republican in the land . He declares He is not ready   —    in good conscience   —    to support He own party ’s nominee for president because Mr. Trump has not demonstrated He is a good and principled conservative . And , once again , the Washington political punditry begins another wildly premature funeral dirge for Mr. Mr. Trump , the Republican Party ’s hold on power in Washington . Meanwhile Washington loyal and thoughtful conservative voters who do not care for Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump harbor justifiable concerns about his devotion to Republican Mr. Trump principles " are despondent . There goes the White House , they say , the the White House , the House and the Supreme Court . And , with socialist Democrats running amok , there goes the republic and the world ’s greatest beacon of hope and freedom . Or , perhaps we are seeing something entirely different . Maybe this is a rekindling of the finest dreams envisioned by our founders . In a time of great economic distress with high unemployment and a sluggish economy , a    businessman is pitted for the presidency against an insufferable and strictly partisan hack who has been an integral cog in the broken political system for three decades . The businessman will win a   businessman the party hag will be sent off to a    retirement of bitterness and scorn . On Capitol Hill , Republicans will keep the House and   —    if they do n’t screw it Republicans   —    keep the Senate . Yet , with the Supreme Court in the balance , these Republicans in Congress will maintain a skeptical eye down Pennsylvania Avenue at their new leader . They these Republicans in Congress question his motives these Republicans in Congress pick apart his proposals . When his his wobble too far his proposals conservatism they are now vowing to these Republicans in Congress , lawmakers can reign him in . If he his someone to the his Court who is not worthy to replace the late , great Justice Antonin Scalia , they can reject the nominee . the late, great Justice Antonin Scalia the voters will reward them for it ! The democratic the late, great Justice Antonin Scalia our the nominee envisioned will be restored ! For too long , both parties have fallen into the deep rut of partisan blindness . On both sides of the aisle , party politics comes before American interests at every turn . Both Democrats and Republicans in Congress have unilaterally surrendered vast amounts of power to the presidency . Congress   —    the first Congress of government closest to the will of the people   —    as been neutered . Former President George W. Bush had his Republicans in Congress and President Former President George W. Bush has his Congress . As a result Former President George W. Bush Americans have been saddled with a vast expansion of the federal government into every aspect of our personal lives . The debt burden is , literally , unfathomable . Donald Trump may terrify Democrats and horrify Republicans in Washington . He may be a vulgarian to Donald Trump professional Beltway punditry that has blithely ignored the devolution of the American dream . But , looking down from the clouds painted inside the dome of the U. S. Capitol , the founders are smiling and see the first hope in decades for returning power to the people . Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com . Follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . Charles Hurt 