New Jersey Governor Chris Christie surprised reporters at a press conference with Donald Trump in Texas , endorsing the billionaire presidential candidate for president . [ " I ’m endorsing the person I believe is the best person to defeat Hillary Clinton and restore American jobs , restore American prestige around the world , and restore the faith and confidence of the American people again in the fact that we are an exceptional and great nation , " Christie said during Christie press conference .   Trump used Christie appearance with him Trump remind reporters of Rubio ’s disastrous debate performance against the New Jersey governor in New Hampshire . " He Trump done a really good job , totally destroyed Marco Rubio other day    …      I was standing next to Marco Rubio Rubio melted    Rubio      I really gave Chris credit for that , he Trump a real talent , " Trump said . Trump strategically deployed Trump to respond to Rubio after the Rubio Senator attacked Trump this morning Trump a " . " After reporters asked him about this Rubio ’s attacks this morning motioned for Christie Trump respond . Christie dutifully filled the Christie of an attack dog for Trump , resuming his Trump on Rubio by raising his inexperience . Rubio Desperate people in campaign do desperate things , " Christie replied . " Christie punches in the last days of a losing campaign . Fact of the matter is , no one is going to get in this guy ’s head . " He added that Rubio " this guy’s shows up Rubio work " at the Senate and was " wholly unprepared " for the presidency . Christie also criticized Marco Christie as a freshman Rubio the DC establishment who would n’t be able to fix Washington D. C. " Time to turn away from the amateur acts from Washington D. C. and turn to a professional strong leader . That ’s who this man is , " Christie Rubio Christie Christie he sat Christie with Christie wife and children Christie discuss the endorsement and said that they supported his decision . He Christie his wife and children ultimately Christie Trump Christie he was a friend Christie the family and was best suited to keep Hillary Clinton out of the White House . " Our family is one that prides loyalty the family fact is that we ’ve been have good friends with Donald Our his family for many years and there was Donald choice in my mind , " he said . Christie said he sat with Donald and finalized the endorsement Christie morning before the debate . 
 