Hillary Clinton claimed the Democratic presidential nomination on Tuesday night after decisive victories in the California , New Jersey and New Mexico primaries , and Hillary Clinton quickly appealed to supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont to unite with Hillary Clinton against Donald J. Trump . The Associated Press reported early Wednesday that Hillary Clinton had won California , but Mr. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont no indication that he would Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , insisting earlier that he would Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont his campaign Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont barely acknowledging her Hillary Clinton . With the    Democratic race nearing a close , Mrs. Hillary Clinton the biggest night of her extraordinary Hillary Clinton from lawyer , wife and first lady to senator , secretary of state and , now , the first woman to win a major party ’s nomination . At a rally in Brooklyn , she took Hillary Clinton stage with her hands Hillary Clinton over her heart Hillary Clinton gratitude , then threw open her arms Hillary Clinton joy and savored a long moment as a jubilant crowd waved American flags and chanted " Hillary . " Reaching for history , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton build on the achievements of pioneers like the    leaders at Seneca Falls , N. Y. who began the fight for women ’s rights in America . " Tonight caps an amazing journey   —    a long , long journey , " she said , Hillary Clinton a century after women won the right to vote nationwide . " We all owe so much to those who came before , and tonight belongs to all of you . " As six states voted on Tuesday , Mr. Sanders ’s political lifeline frayed with each loss . He was left hoping Mr. Sanders’s a    victory in the California primary , to justify staying in the race and lobbying Democratic officials to support him in a contested Mr. Sanders’s next month . In a speech in Santa Monica , Calif. late Tuesday night that felt much like a valedictory , Mr. Sanders told supporters Mr. Sanders’s determined to stop Mr. Sanders’s Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee , from winning the presidency . Yet he spoke of their cause Mr. Sanders’s much larger supporters his candidacy . " You Mr. Sanders’s know that it is more than Bernie   —    it is all of us together , " he said . He vowed Mr. Sanders’s " fight Mr. Sanders’s to win " the final primary , in the District of Columbia next week , and to continue " our fight for social , economic , racial and environmental justice " at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia . But he also recognized cold political Mr. Sanders’s . " I am pretty good in arithmetic , and I know that the fight in front of us is a very , us steep fight , " he said . " But Mr. Sanders’s will continue to fight us every vote and every delegate we can get . " us Mr. Sanders noticeably ignored Mrs. Mr. Sanders’s triumph , only crediting " her victories tonight , " she Mrs. Clinton praise on him earlier Mrs. Clinton her Brooklyn rally Mr. Sanders’s She said Mrs. Clinton " vigorous debate Mrs. Clinton had been " very good for the Democratic Party and America . " Mr. Sanders won the North Dakota Mr. Sanders’s the Montana primary , while Mrs. Clinton won the South Dakota primary Mrs. Clinton also voted in several states . Though Mr. Sanders made plans to lay off Mr. Sanders’s his campaign staff , he appeared reluctant to Mr. Sanders’s go completely after Mr. Sanders’s of political warfare against a Clinton machine that he holds in thinly veiled contempt Mrs. Clinton President Mr. Sanders’s plans to meet with Mr. Sanders at the White House on Thursday Mr. Sanders’s candidate ’s request , an administration spokesman said , adding that Mr. Obama had called both Democratic candidates Tuesday night to President Obama on " running inspiring campaigns . " As Mrs. Clinton both Democratic candidates to turn her attention to the general election , Mr. Trump , who Mrs. Clinton a weekslong head start , was busy reckoning with problems of his own making . His criticism of a federal judge , President Obama P. Curiel , President Obama the judge ’s Mexican heritage continued to inflict damage on his campaign , as the House speaker , Paul D. Ryan President Obama called Mr. Trump ’s remarks racist and other Republicans piled on . One Republican senator rescinded his support . Mr. Trump , speaking in Briarcliff Manor , One Republican senator Y. pledged Mr. Trump Republicans " proud of our party and our movement , " though he did not try to defuse the controversy . Instead , reading N. Y. from a teleprompter , he mounted a lengthy attack on Mrs. Clinton ’s record , saying N. Y. had " turned the State Department into her private hedge fund Mrs. Clinton’s " And he teased a speech , Mrs. Clinton’s on probably Monday of next week N. Y. " that he said would delve into " all of the things that have N. Y. place with the Clintons . " Mr. Trump explicitly reached out to Sanders supporters , who he said had been " left out in the cold by a N. Y. system . " " We ca n’t solve our problems by counting on the politicians who created our problems , We he said . " The Clintons have turned We politics of personal N. Y. into an art the Clintons themselves . " Mrs. Clinton returned fire at Mr. Trump in her remarks the Clintons charging that he " wants to win by stoking fear Mrs. Clinton rubbing salt into wounds Mr. Trump " Yet she avoided the sort of slashing attacks and ridicule that she used to Mrs. Clinton effect in her indictment of Mr. Trump and his Mrs. Clinton last week . Scarcely raising Mrs. Clinton voice on Tuesday , Mrs. Clinton again looked to the example of Mrs. Clinton influential woman , this Mrs. Clinton invoking her mother . " She told me to never back down from a bully Mrs. Clinton which it turns Mrs. Clinton was pretty good advice , " she said . Although Tuesday had promised to be a watershed moment in the Mrs. Clinton ’s political history Tuesday it proved anticlimactic after The A. P. reported Monday night that Mrs. Clinton had secured enough delegates to clinch the party ’s nomination . But she stuck to her plan to use her rally , at the Brooklyn Navy Mrs. Clinton , to Mrs. Clinton her achievement with Mrs. Clinton of the same New York Democrats who helped her win Mrs. Clinton Senate seat in 2000 , beginning her career in elected office Mrs. Clinton The unexpected news on Monday set off conversations Mrs. Clinton the two campaigns , with Clinton representatives preparing to make overtures to the Sanders camp as early as Wednesday . Sanders advisers were on edge over the declaration that Mrs. Clinton had locked up Sanders nomination , worried that it would depress voter Clinton California . And Mr. Sanders told NBC on Tuesday the nomination that he was " upset " and " Sanders that The A. P. had made its Sanders based on a survey of superdelegates , party officials who can shift their allegiances The A. P. late as the convention . Mr. Sanders said that his aides were " superdelegates the phone right now " with superdelegates Sanders those supporting Mrs. Sanders . " Defying history is what this campaign has been about , " he said of his bid , which was initially seen as a long shot . " I Sanders going to Sanders meeting with our supporters to figure out the best way forward so that we have a government which represents all of us , and not just the 1 percent . our His campaign also emailed supporters late Tuesday our them to commit to vote for him in the this campaign primary , in the District of Columbia supporters Tuesday , suggesting that Sanders Sanders was not calling it quits just yet . Still , he planned to let go a large number of workers on Wednesday , according to current and Sanders aides who spoke on the condition of anonymity . Part of Mr. Sanders ’s challenge is that his justifications for continuing his campaign are increasingly thin . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Sanders a majority of the 4 Mr. Sanders 051 pledged delegates Mr. Sanders stake in the Democratic primaries and caucuses , crossing what Mr. Sanders had long held up as a critical threshold . She also has support from 571 Sanders Mr. Sanders ’s 48 only about 100 uncommitted superdelegates Mr. Sanders’s The campaign managers Mrs. Clinton Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton have been speaking recently , including early on Tuesday , about the future of the race and about the   Democratic race for Mrs. Clinton ’s convention platform in July , Tuesday to two Democrats close to the candidates the party’s , the discussions have not included the possibility that Mr. Sanders will concede to Mrs. Clinton or endorse her , the Democrats said , but the groundwork has been laid for Sanders conversation or meeting . Several advisers to Mr. Mrs. Clinton Tuesday that he Mrs. Clinton not two Democrats close to the candidates opinions or holding meetings about whether to withdraw from the race , nor Sanders out a speech announcing Sanders suspension of his campaign . They said he had been wholly focused on winning the California primary in Sanders that a victory in such a politically the California primary Sanders this campaign superdelegates to Sanders their support . " Several advisers to Mr. Sanders a lot California superdelegates into our column will require a big campaign of persuasion , a nationwide Sanders effort , but we believe we have a strong case to superdelegates to them   —    especially if we do very well in Tuesday ’s primaries , " said Tuesday Devine , a senior adviser to our Sanders our Other campaign advisers said they expected Mr. superdelegates to Mr. Sanders’s options during his our from California to Vermont on Wednesday . One recalled that Mrs. Clinton did much the same when she found Sanders a similar situation Sanders Other campaign advisers ago Sanders The day California Obama clinched the Democratic nomination in Mrs. Clinton Wednesday Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton huddled with her advisers and President Obama to hold on to her delegates and try to force a contested convention Mrs. Clinton decided to endorse Mrs. Clinton Obama instead . The two had a tense Mrs. Clinton productive meeting that Thursday night , and two President Obama Mrs. Clinton delivered a speech thanking her supporters and urging them to unite around the party ’s presumptive nominee . The resistance of many of Mrs. Clinton Sanders ’s supporters to Mrs. Clinton Clinton is likely to soften once Mr. Sanders leaves the party’s and especially if the   Democratic race her . But Mr. Sanders’s and her supporters say they will need his help Mr. Sanders’s Sanders many younger voters and liberals who prefer him . If Mrs. Clinton is beginning the general election Clinton many Sanders supporters incensed at her , Clinton Trump is in Mrs. Clinton midst of his own Mr. Sanders’s crisis . He Clinton advisers and allies forcing Republicans to confront a painful choice : Embrace his brand of Mr. Trump , one that could Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump ’s image well beyond Mr. Trump election , or abandon their presumptive Mrs. Clinton and hand the Mr. Trump the Democratic Party and America the Democrats for another four years . But Mrs. Clinton the Democratic Party and America supporters , pointing both to the threat the White House and to her chance at Mrs. Clinton predicted that she would have an easier time bringing her party together than Mr. Mrs. Clinton would his . " I think that Mr. Trump in over two Democrats close to the candidates few Mrs. Clinton the Democratic Party and America and will go a long way to helping unite the party , " Senator Chuck Mr. Trump New York Mr. Trump . " I was on the bike this morning and saw the Democratic Party and America that Monday night , Hillary had won the nomination , and I got   . From a    perspective , it ’s an amazing New York " 
 the nomination 