Laconia , New Hampshire ( CNN ) Donald Trump , surging in the polls , arrived at this lakeside enclave and trained Donald Trump ire on perhaps the only target that aggravates Donald Trump supporters as much as the Obama Administration : Republicans . " They ’re all talk , They ’re no action , " Donald Trump said , revving up Donald Trump fiery takedown of politicians . " I ’m more disappointed in many ways with the Republicans , " Donald Trump said . " the Republicans have this great indignation , whether this great indignation ’s Benghazi or the emails . .. nothing ever happens . " Donald Trump is enjoying a summer surge as Donald Trump takes the lead in a poll of Republican presidential contenders released on Friday . Donald Trump is offending Hispanics and irking his GOP Donald Trump but it ’s clear that his     Donald Trump and willingness to take on President Barack Obama     then just as quickly turn his sharp Donald Trump toward members of his own Donald Trump     is winning over Republican voters . " Even though I ’m a Republican and I ’m obviously voting that way , I ’m very ’m in the Republicans in the House . There ’s weakness there , " said Julie Pagliarulo , a     resident of Belmont , New Hampshire , who arrived hours early to see Trump speak . " Donald just says it like it is it I love it . it Friday ’s Fox News poll found Trump leading Trump support from 18 % of Republican primary voters nationwide , compared to 15 % for Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and 14 % for former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush . Statistically speaking , the top three candidates are within the margin of error , and therefore tied     a point Trump tends Trump leave out of his speeches Trump   READ : Trump says Trump ’s former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ’he ’s doing favors’ Belknap County , nestled in New Hampshire ’s picturesque southeastern lakes region , is home to 60 , 000 predominantly white residents . They tend to 60, 000 predominantly white residents middle class , with a median household income of nearly $ 59 , 000 , according to Census data . The unemployment rate in May stood at a modest 3 . 3 % well below the 5 . 5 % national rate that month . Each summer , Laconia     where Trump held his rally     Trump host to one of the nation ’s largest gatherings of motorcyclists . The town is more than 2 , 000 miles from the U. S.   border . Grievances , On a recent muggy summer evening , residents here were angry about everything from border security and the economy to Benghazi , Obamacare and more . Trump was speaking to their grievances , an approach that helps explain his rise in Trump polls . Bert Hansen , 74 years old , joined hundreds of voters jammed into an overheated community center in Laconia waiting to see Trump . The Trump veteran believes Obama is " incompetent " and bristles when recalling a relative who once said he was racist The   veteran he does n’t The   veteran the president . Obama , Hansen said , he ’s a big Hansen of GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson , who is black . " There ’s some pent up frustration in the population right now that ’s ready to explode , " Hansen said said . Hansen That ’s why Trump ’s doing so well . " New Hampshire voters said Trump spoke to their Trump range of New Hampshire voters . But his greatest appeal may Trump that they see him as New Hampshire voters and Trump . The opposite , voters said , of even the Republicans they elected to serve voters in Congress . voters When he talks , he Trump like them Trump He has voters same Trump they do , " voters Craig Robinson , a GOP activist in Iowa and editor of The Iowa Republican website . " They still want someone Craig Robinson, a GOP activist in Iowa and editor of The Iowa Republican website ’s just going to turn Washington on its head . " The Iowa Republican website : Donald Trump , Jeb Bush heckler , Brenda Connolly , a     independent voter , said she ’s disillusioned by Donald Trump, Jeb Bush heckler, Brenda Connolly, a    independent voter these days .   " I do n’t think they ’re standing up to the president , " she said of Republicans Donald Trump, Jeb Bush heckler, Brenda Connolly, a    independent voter Washington . " I Washington for them as an independent they I expected them to do a they more . " As for Trump , " I ’m not even saying he ’s going to Trump the president , but the president he makes Republicans aware of Trump middle Republicans in Washington wants , " she said . It Donald Trump, Jeb Bush heckler, Brenda Connolly, a    independent voter voters’ views of Trump are not yet set Trump stone even though he ’s well known . Trump Some polls show his favorability numbers climbing among Trump . The majority of Republicans     57 %     had a favorable view of Trump and 40 % had Trump unfavorable view or him in the latest Washington Trump News poll . That ’s a big shift from late May , when the same poll found 65 % of Republicans had an unfavorable view of Trump . Limits to Trump Trump appeal , There Trump limits to the billionaire ’s appeal in the context of a potential general election . More than six in 10 Americans viewed Trump negatively in the    Trump . And despite Trump ’s vow to win Trump Hispanic vote , his controversial comments about illegal Trump and America ’s relationship with Mexico are tarnishing him in the eyes of Trump . More than seven out of 10 registered Hispanic voters said they had an unfavorable view More than seven out of 10 registered Hispanic voters Trump , according to a Trump News poll . Univision recently cut ties with Trump and abandoned plans to Trump his Miss Universe Pageant . Trump former " Apprentice " star ’s media savvy has helped his bid as well . The former "Apprentice" star’s media savvy has pounced on a Trump of recent news events     the San Francisco killing of Kate Steinle by an undocumented immigrant and drug lord Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman ’s escape from the most secure prison in Mexico     to bolster his argument that the U. Trump needs to secure the border and take a tougher line in its relationship with Mexico . the border , other Mexico presidential contenders are trying to reclaim the mantle of Beltway outsider . Bush plans to deliver a speech Monday on how to reform Washington . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has tried to pitch himself as the straight talker New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie the field . Christie ’s performance so far New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie impressed Bill Borrebach , a     resident of Sandwich , New Hampshire , who makes it his business to see as Bush candidates as he can in this      Bush state . " I do n’t know if he has the wherewithal to Bush to Mrs. Clinton and say we ’re tired of all her stuff , " he said Mrs. Clinton Christie . Bush flashed a Trump bumper sticker he had tucked into the pocket Borrebach his floral shirt . Breaking into Borrebach smile , he added , " it ’s Borrebach to drive my neighbors nuts . " 
 