WASHINGTON   —    Elaine L. Chao , a veteran cabinet secretary who has served under two Republican presidents , offered remarkably few specifics but many promises of cooperation on Wednesday as she cruised through she confirmation hearing to become transportation secretary . Democrats on the Senate committee charged with reviewing Ms. Chao ’s nomination by    Donald J. Trump made it clear that Democrats on the Senate committee have no objections to   Donald J. Trump , suggesting that   Donald J. Trump will be easily confirmed in a full Senate vote . Senator Bill Nelson of Florida , the top Democrat on the Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation , praised   Donald J. Trump for acting with " grace and excellence " in her   Donald J. Trump government service . " I certainly look forward to you , in this new administration , doing the same , " he   Donald J. Trump . Senator John Thune , Republican of South Dakota and the committee ’s chairman , called her   Donald J. Trump an ideal candidate . " Ms.   Donald J. Trump most of the    hearing promising to examine and learn more about drones , fuel efficiency standards , air traffic control services and many other subjects that may soon be part of her portfolio   Donald J. Trump With most of the spotlight falling on Mr. Trump ’s desire for a major infrastructure overhaul   —    in his own Mr. Trump , a priority for his first Mr. Trump days in office that could cost $ 1 trillion   —    Ms. Chao   Donald J. Trump keep senators informed of emerging plans . She called the   Donald J. Trump " a major infrastructure overhaul   " that would require cooperation both between the parties and between Congress and the administration . " As the infrastructure proposal is being put together , we will certainly be in great discussion with the Congress , because , Congress , we ca n’t do it on we own , " she said we The selection of Ms. Chao Chao to lead the Transportation Department and its $ 75 billion budget stands the Transportation Department in the lineup of largely billionaire business executives Mr. Trump has nominated to populate his cabinet . She served as Mr. Trump secretary for Ms. Chao duration of George W. Bush ’s administration and as a deputy transportation secretary under the elder George Bush . Ms. Chao vowed on Wednesday to Ms. Chao lawmakers on a host of transportation issues   —    including maritime infrastructure and positive train control , a safety system intended to prevent collisions . Emphasizing the need to revitalize the nation ’s transportation infrastructure , Ms. Chao called for creativity to fund Ms. Chao Asked whether Mr. Trump would support including federal spending in his infrastructure package , she said , " Mr. Trump believe the answer Ms. Chao yes . " Support for federal infrastructure funding could put the Trump administration on a collision course with congressional Mr. Trump , who have been reluctant or even openly hostile to increasing domestic spending in recent years . Ms. Chao offered few other funding solutions , Ms. Chao did propose turning to more    partnerships , Ms. Chao the potential capital available from " equity firms , pension funds and endowments . " That seemed to raise concern from Mr. Nelson , who cautioned against the privatization of government services , alluding to a possible point of friction between Democrats and the incoming Trump administration . Since leaving public service , Ms. Chao has joined the boards of Wells Fargo , News Corporation and Vulcan Materials , among others   —    positions she said she would resign from if confirmed . Ms. Chao , Ms. Chao to documents she filed with the Office of Government Ethics , Ms. Chao Chao will continue for a time to receive Ms. Chao financial agreements with Vulcan , which makes construction supplies , and Wells Fargo as she severs her ties with them the payments from Wells Ms. Chao stocks Ms. Chao continue through Vulcan, which makes construction supplies 2021 . She Wells Fargo to recuse herself from matters involving those Ms. Chao . Though Wells Fargo Ms. Chao under fire late last year for its business Wells Fargo senators did not ask her to elaborate on Wells Fargo continued ties with the embattled Ms. Chao . There was Ms. Chao notably cozy , familiar tone Wells Fargo the hearing , as senators questioned a nominee with close ties to one of their own : Ms. Chao is the wife of the Senate majority leader Ms. Chao senators , Republican of Kentucky . Praising Ms. Chao Mr. McConnell endorsed Mr. Trump ’s pick . " She ’s got really great judgment , on a whole variety of Ms. Chao , " he said . To capture his feelings , Mr. McConnell turned to the words of a previous Republican senator whose spouse was a transportation and labor Mr. McConnell , paraphrasing what Bob Mr. McConnell once said Mr. McConnell wife , Elizabeth . " I feel a little bit like Nathan Hale , " Mr. McConnell said . " ‘ I regret that I have Bob Dole one wife to give for my country . ’ " Ms. Chao said , " Mr. McConnell be working to lock in the majority leader ’s support tonight over dinner . " 
 