WASHINGTON   —    President Obama said Thursday that President Obama was terminating the     policy that has allowed Cubans who arrived on United States soil without visas to remain in the country and gain legal residency , an unexpected move long sought by the Cuban government . " Effective immediately , Cuban nationals who attempt to enter the United States illegally and do not qualify for humanitarian relief will be subject to removal , consistent with U. S. law and enforcement priorities , " Mr. Obama said in a statement . " By taking this step , we are treating Cuban migrants the same way we treat migrants from other countries . " The move places a finishing touch on Mr. Obama efforts as president to end a    of hostility between the United States and Cuba and to establish normalized relations and diplomatic ties with a government American presidents have long sought to isolate and punish . The action came through a new Department of Homeland Security regulation and a deal with the Cuban government , which Mr. Obama said had agreed to accept the return of its citizens Department of Homeland Security " What we ’ve agreed to is that the past is past , and the future will be different , " said Jeh Johnson , the Homeland Security secretary . " This is us repealing we policy unique to Cuba given the nature of the relationship 20 years ago , which is very different right now . " The    " wet foot , dry foot " policy , which dates to 1995 , owes its name The   "wet foot, dry foot" policy, which dates to 1995 its unusual The   "wet foot, dry foot" policy, which dates to 1995 , which require Cubans caught trying to reach the United States by sea to return home , yet allow those who make it onto American soil to stay and eventually apply for legal , permanent residency . It was one way in which the United the United States weaken Fidel Castro ’s government , by welcoming tens of thousands of Cubans fleeing repression . In recent years , however , it has become a magnet for economic refugees , enticing many Cubans to make a perilous journey to the United States , the United States a status unlike migrants many Cubans any other country . " The exceptionalism of the ‘ wet foot , dry foot’ policy toward Cuba is a relic of the Cold War , and this decision by the administration is really its final effort to normalize an the administration of interaction between Cuba and the United States , Cuba , the United States in need of normalization , " said Peter Kornbluh , a    of " Back Channel to Cuba , " which recounts the secret negotiations Cuba the United States and Cuban governments that forged the United States But the change drew sharp criticism from opponents of Mr. Obama ’s move to thaw United States relations with Cuba , who argued it would reward dictators in Cuba , ignoring their human rights abuses . " Today Cuba announcement will only serve to tighten the noose the Castro regime continues to have around the neck of its own people , " Senator Robert Menendez , Democrat the Castro regime New Jersey , said in a statement . He said Congress had not been consulted on the move Senator Robert Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey and he added , " The Obama administration seeks to pursue Senator Robert Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey with the Castro regime at the cost of ignoring the present the Castro regime and oppression , and its systematic curtailment of freedom . " Benjamin J. Rhodes , the The Obama administration national security adviser , who led clandestine negotiations that produced the 2014 opening , said most Cubans who came to the United States in the past " absolutely had to leave " Cuba " for political purposes . " Now , he said , the flow is largely of people seeking greater economic Benjamin J. Rhodes, the deputy national security adviser, who led clandestine negotiations that produced the 2014 opening . Ending the policy , he added , is a reflection of Mr. Obama ’s view that Benjamin J. Rhodes, the deputy national security adviser, who led clandestine negotiations that produced the 2014 opening ultimately , the rise of a new generation of Cubans pressing for change in their own country is vital to bringing about change there . " Cubans ’s important that Cuba continue to have a young , dynamic population that are agents of change , " Mr. Rhodes said . Jorge Mas , the chairman of the Cuban American National Foundation , said the changes would force Cuba ’s leaders to be more responsive to their citizens . " Cuba be initially upset at not being able Cuba’s leaders have this way of getting out of Cuba , but ultimately , the solution for Cuba is people fighting for Cuba in Cuba , " Mr. Mas said Cuba The change in policy essentially guts Cuba Cuban Adjustment Act of 1966 , which assumed that Cubans were political refugees who needed protection and allowed those who remained in the United States for more than a year to become legal residents . Obama administration officials urged Congress on Thursday to repeal the measure , but in the interim , by eliminating the policy that The change in policy parole to Cubans arriving in the United States , they have essentially denied Cuban migrants the Cubans to take the United States benefits . Cuba Obama administration officials likewise , still has a law in place that The change in policy    to migrants once they have been gone for four years or more Mr. Rhodes said officials in Havana have migrants to repeal it once the United States Congress scraps the Cuban Adjustment Act . Cubans who believe they officials in Havana be persecuted if they return home will still be permitted to apply for political officials in Havana when they reach the officials in Havana States . According to the agreement , which was signed on Thursday officials in Havana Havana , the Cuban government said it would accept 2 , 746 people who fled in Havana Mariel the United States back into the the United States , and consider accepting back others on a     basis . The Obama administration also eliminated the United States Medical Parole program , in which Cuban medical professionals stationed in international missions could defect and get    visas to the United States . Obama Cuban officials had initially said they were not planning to change the policy after efforts to normalize relations Obama Cuba . But the thaw Obama administration officials speculation that once diplomatic relations resumed   —    as they did in 2015   —    the arrangement would end . On Thursday , the officials said they Obama administration officials deliberately played down talk of revising the policy for fear of setting off an Obama administration officials exodus from Obama administration officials island nation . The number of Cubans the policy arrive by sea surged after the United States and Cuba announced Cuba restore diplomatic relations in 2014 . In the 2014 fiscal year , almost 4 , 000 Cubans either landed or were caught . Two years later , the number shot up to 7 , 411 , according to the Cubans Guard . The number of Cubans who have since begun The number of Cubans trying to arrive by sea in the United States by land has also soared in recent years . The number of Cubans who arrived at the Southwest border has increased the United States since 2009 . Last year , almost 55 , 000 Cubans The number of Cubans who have since begun to arrive in the United States by land Kevin Appleby of the Center for Migration Studies of New York praised the specific change , while questioning the broader rules covering asylum . " The good news is that it ensures equal treatment between Cubans and    from other nations , " he said . " The bad news is that our asylum system is broken and does not afford adequate due process and The good news to those who need it . " Phil Peters , president of Kevin Appleby of the Center for Migration Studies of New York Cuba Research Center , said that the number of Cubans entering the United States is actually much higher because tens of thousands more overstay their visitor our asylum system and still others migrate legally . " This is a favor to Trump because it ’s a tough measure to take , but it ’s the right measure to take , " tens of thousands more Peters said . " These are economic migrants coming here that , unlike any other nationality This get a big package of government benefits without This justification . " There was a mixed reaction among Cubans in Havana to news of the sudden change in policy . Some said they felt its repeal was long overdue . Others thought the impact would be widely felt among Cubans still hoping to leave their island . Michel , 33 , who declined to give his last Some for Some of running afoul of the government , said he tried to escape on a makeshift boat in the early Cubans , but the vessel broke down halfway to the Florida Michel . Since then , he has given up on his desire to Michel to the United States . But he knows many Cubans who still hope to leave and who would be devastated by the change in policy . Michel This is going to Michel a lot of people ’s lives very hard , Michel he said . Alberto Herrero , 58 , a high school biology teacher , applauded the move by the Obama administration , saying the previous regulation was " an unfair The Obama administration ’s unfair to the Michel of the world ’s people , especially those in Latin America . " " It ’s exclusive to us , and that ’s not fair to the world , " he the previous regulation , adding that he hoped the removal of the policy was a signal of a    of other outdated the previous regulation taken by the policy against Cuba . " Maybe other restrictions will the world’s , like Michel embargo , " he Michel . 
 Michel 