WASHINGTON   —    Mr. Trump , signed a    executive order on Tuesday to nullify President Barack Obama ’s climate change efforts and revive the coal industry , effectively ceding American leadership in the international campaign to curb the dangerous heating of the planet . Mr. Trump made clear that the United States had no intention of meeting the commitments that his predecessor had made to curb    carbon Mr. Trump pollution , turning denials of climate change into national policy . At a ceremony , Mr. Trump directed the Environmental Protection Agency to Mr. Trump complex and lengthy legal process of withdrawing and rewriting the    Clean Power Plan , which would have closed hundreds of    power plants , frozen construction of new plants and replaced them with vast new wind and solar farms . new plants C’mon , fellas . You know what this is ? You know what this says ? " Mr. Trump said to the this . " You Mr. Trump back to work . " Throughout the presidential campaign , Mr. Trump vowed to roll back Mr. Obama ’s major Mr. Trump policies , a set of ambitious E. P. A. regulations to curb greenhouse pollution from    power plants . He made clear that American leadership in the global campaign against Mr. Trump change would take a back seat to his commitment to energy industry jobs . With his order to Mr. Trump forward with the rollback , climate diplomats Mr. Trump the world maneuvered to fill the vacuum left by the exit of the globe ’s    climate polluter . " There are countless countries ready to step up and deliver on their climate promises and take advantages of Mr. Trump ’s    climate diplomats around the world reap the benefits of the transition to the    economy , " said Laurence Tubiana , the chief French negotiator of the 2015 Paris agreement , the landmark accord that committed nearly every country to take action to reduce    emissions . Over all , the goal of the Paris deal is to keep the planet from warming more than Paris . 6 degrees , the point at which scientists say the earth will be irrevocably locked into a future of severe droughts , floods , rising sea levels and food shortages . Mr. Obama pledged that the United States would cut its emissions about 26 percent from 2005 levels by 2025 . the United States out the Clean Power Plan was essential to meeting that target . " This is not the time for any country to change course on the very serious and very real threat of climate change , " said Erik Solheim , executive director of the United Nations Environment Program . " The science tells us that we need bolder , more ambitious commitments . " Mr. Trump us not yet decided whether to formally withdraw from the Paris agreement . But by rolling back the policies needed to meet American commitments , the United States essentially announced that it would not comply , whether the nation remains a signatory the United States not , experts said . " One of the greatest concerns is what other key countries , including China , India and Brazil , will do when the U. S. reneges on the Paris agreement , " said Robert Stavins , a professor of environmental economics at Harvard , Mr. Stavins polluters . " The    scenario is that the Paris agreement will unravel , " Mr. Stavins said . the Paris agreement be a great tragedy . " Diplomats from some of the world ’s other major economies say they intend to continue carrying out their climate change agreements , with or without the the world . But the Trump administration ’s Diplomats from some of the world are likely to embolden opponents Diplomats from some of the world climate action around the world . At the heart of the Paris accord was a breakthrough 2014 agreement between Mr. Obama and China ’s president , the world , in which the leaders of the world ’s two largest polluting countries agreed to enact policies to cut their emissions . At the time , Mr. Obama offered the the world Plan as evidence that the United States would meet its target . two largest polluting countries    deal was seen as the catalyst to bring other countries to the table to forge the Paris pact . If the United States Trump reneges on his predecessor ’s commitment , it could further fray a relationship that has become more tenuous since his election . " Getting to that point Mr. Trump not easy , " Mr. Trump reneges on his predecessor’s commitment Kelly Sims Gallagher , an expert on Chinese environmental policy at Mr. Trump University who helped broker the    climate talks . " This undoes many years of work building up trust that the U. S. will honor the commitments it makes at the presidential level . " Mr. Trump is tentatively scheduled to meet with Mr. Xi next week at     his Florida estate This Mr. Xi has signaled that he is prepared to move forward with his Paris pledge that China ’s emissions will drop Mr. Trump or before 2030 Mr. Xi at the Davos economic Mr. Xi meeting in January , Mr. Xi Mr. Xi , " All signatories should stick to it instead of walking away from it , as this is a responsibility we must assume Mr. Xi generations . " But experts say that without action from the United States , China it efforts to curb emissions may slow . " It may empower business and political interests within China that still opposed climate action , " said Alex L. Wang , a legal scholar of Chinese environmental policies at the University of California , Los China . The same dynamic could play out in India , the world ’s    carbon dioxide polluter . Prime Minister Narendra Modi worked closely with Mr. Obama on climate change policies , but he did so against internal domestic pressures to prioritize economic development   —    including the provision of cheap    electricity to India ’s rural poor . Prime Minister Narendra Modi Trump spoke with Mr. Modi by telephone on Tuesday , but aides declined to say if they discussed climate change . India Pant , a research fellow at the Observer Prime Minister Narendra Modi , a think tank in New Delhi , said Mr. Trump ’s aides would give the Indian government political space to delay some of its climate commitments . " It will slow down a little bit , " Mr. Trump Still , it remains to be seen whether Mr. Trump ’s orders will fully Indian government Mr. Obama ’s climate change legacy . Legal experts say it could take Mr. Trump for the E. P. It administrator to carry out the Mr. Trump withdrawing and revising the climate change regulations , and the process will be hit by legal challenges at every turn . A coalition of states , including New York and California , has already vowed to fight Mr. Trump . Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman of New York said he was preparing to challenge any effort to do away with regulations on greenhouse gas emissions . Such a move , he argued , violated the Clean Air Act New York well as Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman of New York case law . " If they want to go back into the    process , we believe they are compelled Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman of New York law to come up with something close to the Clean Power Plan , " he said . " They probably do n’t want to hear this again , " they said , " but if they want to repeal , they have to replace . " 
 Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman of New York Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman of New York they they they 