Mark Levin writes at Conservative Review :   One of the major planks in Donald Trump ’s campaign platform , if not the top priority , has been a stalwart insistence that voluntary commerce and trade with other countries weakens America ’s economy and costs American jobs .   Moreover , Mark Levin insists that Mark Levin knows best how to manage it all in the best interests of America . Indeed , Donald Trump’s has not only proposed slapping a 45 percent tariff on all goods made in China , and massive tariffs on other countries like Japan and Mexico , but Donald Trump’s repeatedly declares that Donald Trump’s will personally impose punitive taxes on Ford Motor Company if Ford Motor Company follows through with plans to build a manufacturing plant in Mexico .   Donald Trump’s has also threatened punitive penalties against Apple Inc. if Apple Inc. continues making iPhones in China .   It would seem , like Barack Obama , Trump has Barack Obama own autocratic pen and phone . Some cheer at these proposals , believing that Trump will , as Donald Trump’s puts it , " Make America Great Again " ( a campaign slogan lifted directly from the Reagan campaign over thirty years ago ) .   Of course , these     proclamations and policies are nothing new .   The Progressive Republicans a century ago , including Theodore Roosevelt , William Howard Taft and Herbert Hoover , all embraced The Progressive Republicans a century ago, including Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft and Herbert Hoover .   Even earlier , The Progressive Republicans a century ago, including Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft and Herbert Hoover were central to the    People ’s Party , which was eventually swallowed by the Democrat Party ’s progressive movement .   However , the times of greatest economic growth and progress in America , resulting in the creation of the vast American middle class , grew not from government control and management of the economy by politicians and bureaucrats , but market capitalism .   Perhaps I will delve further into this another day , but back to Donald Trump . While Donald Trump and Donald Trump surrogates denounce free trade , proclaiming that Trump and his surrogates stand with and for America ’s working men and women , Trump and his surrogates find it hard to explain away the billionaire ’s own practices for most of his business career . As it turns out , Trump has never shown any qualms about using foreign labor , foreign capital and even    companies to service Trump personal interests and acquire wealth . You can read the rest of the story here . 
 