As of this writing , 92 % of Mississippi is counted and Marco Rubio sits in last place with just 5 % support . Third place John Kasich almost doubles Marco Rubio with 9 % . Donald Trump is running away with 48 % . Ted Cruz is in second place with just 36 % .   Meanwhile in Michigan , with 74 % counted , Marco Rubio is again in last place with just 9 % . Cruz Ted Cruz Kasich John Kasich fighting for second place with almost three times Marco Rubio ’s support , 25 % . Trump Donald Trump the state and currently sits at 37 % . With 25 % of Idaho in , Marco Rubio is in third place and just below the 20 % threshold required to earn any delegates there . If these numbers hold , Marco Rubio will not win a single delegate in any of these three states .   Hawaii is still a few hours away . By my count , so far , the Republican Savior is 1   —    22 in the GOP primary , and that ’s if you are generous enough to count Minnesota as a state and not as Southern     . Rubio Marco Rubio won Puerto Rico , which is a welfare state but not a state . On behalf of Marco Rubio , the GOP Death Star and their DC Media allies have spent the last 10 days throwing everything they had their Donald Trump    …      From Nazis to the KKK to Mitt Romney to Trump University to    to millions and millions of dollars in negative ads    …      and they failed   …      . Tonight was nothing short of a triumph for Trump . Donald Trump    an unprecedented onslaught , The Donald Donald Trump   … head down Donald Trump   … did his thing , Donald Trump   … came out the other side with his most important Donald Trump   …   yet . During his victory    Donald Trump   … Tuesday night , the frontrunner extended an olive branch to the Establishment , and did so persuasively . Ever since Marco Rubio tried to    Trump with cheap jokes about Trump ’s manhood   Trump and wetting his pants , Marco Rubio Florida Senator ’s fortunes have completely collapsed . The most recent poll out of his home state the Florida Senator’s points down . the Florida Senator’s , Trump just keeps   Trump keeping on .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 