Tel Aviv , Israel   —    Tweets from Billionaire Saudi Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal have already delivered a knockout blow to Donald Trump ’s presidential hopes , according to a Saudi newspaper . [   " Knockout : Billionaire Saudi Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal caused a decline in Trump ’s Donald Trump " said the headline , with a photoshopped picture of Trump glaring at Donald Trump Saudi Royal .   ‘ The American people now realize that Donald Trump is Donald Trump not particularly clever , made many misguided decisions , and unless the Saudi prince came to his rescue he would the Saudi prince up the Saudi prince , " the Sabq newsite reported . " The last thing they want is a The American people who would sell off everything to cover his debts . " the Saudi prince article follows a second round of    between the two billionaires . Trump started the second round Jan. 28 by retweeting an image of Fox News personality Megyn Kelly photoshopped into a picture of bin Talal and his sister . " bin Talal : @Drudge_Report _ @realDonaldTrump pic . twitter . "   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 28 , 2016 ,   That tweet was likely aimed at Fox , not Alwaleed . Prior to the debate , Breitbart reported that Google and Fox had invited a Fox , female    plus a young attractive female 1994 illegal immigrant , to pitch questions , likely aimed at Trump . The top leaders of Fox, not Alwaleed But Trump dodged the Google and Fox and instead hosted a benefit for veterans Trump a nearby building . But the Saudi responded with a taunt that he had earlier saved Trump from bankruptcy . Trump : You base your Trump on photoshopped pics Trump I bailed you Trump twicea 3rd time , maybe ? https :   .   https :   .    —    الوليد بن طلال ( @Alwaleed_Talal ) January 28 , 2016 ,   The first    happened in December , when the Saudi used Twitter to demand the Trump quit the race after Trump the Saudi Saudi bar Islamic immigration Trump Trump jihadi problem has been Trump . Trump @realDonaldTrumpYou are a disgrace not only to the GOP but to all America . Withdraw from the U. S presidential race as you will never win .   —    الوليد بن طلال ( @Alwaleed_Talal ) December 11 , 2015 ,   In response , Trump dismissed   ’s bankruptcy claim . Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U. S. politicians with daddy ’s money . Ca n’t do it when I get elected . # Trump2016 ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) December 12 , 2015 ,   Alwaleed did not respond to Trump ’s " daddy ’s money " tweet . In an Jan. 28 interview with Trump Mail after the taunt from Alwaleed , Trump also shoved back at Alwaleed ’s new bailout tweet . ‘ No , no,’ Trump Trump . ‘ He did Alwaleed me out . Let me tell you Trump    he needs bailing Trump right now , if you look at where he ’s going . He Trump bailing out . He needs big bailouts . ’‘Nope . Never Trump a fan of Trump . Never been a Trump . Never liked him . ’Asked if he had ever met Trump personally , the man on whom he had Trump heaped a helping Trump billionaire scorn , Trump Alwaleed for a moment . ‘ Trump . Never liked him . Never met him,’ he said . ‘ Do n’t know him , just never liked him Trump Never liked his style.’ Trump February 2015 , Alwaleed sold almost Trump of his shares in Trump ’s companies , Trump still holds a 1 percent Alwaleed in Murdoch ’s News Alwaleed and a 6 . 6 percent Alwaleed in Murdoch ’s entertainment business , 21st Murdoch’s . Alwaleed also owns roughly 5 percent of Twitter . Murdoch 1991 and 1995 , Alwaleed also bought parts Alwaleed Trump ’s business . " In 1991 , when Donald Trump was in Alwaleed , Alwaleed bought the real estate mogul ’s yacht Trump Princess   —    Trump James Bond prop Alwaleed —    for $ 281 million . In 1995 , the prince bought a majority stake in the Plaza Hotel as Trump was sinking into bankruptcy , " the Mail reported . Despite polls that show Trump with a huge lead Trump polls , the    Sabq news website insisted that Alwaleed ’s tweets have devastated Trump billionaire ’s White House prospects . " Prince bin Talal ’s tweet , in which he said he bailed Trump out twice and will probably do so a third time , was covered extensively in Prince bin Talal US Prince bin Talal , Trump Sabq claimed . " They realized that the candidate is not financially robust and may end up penniless again . " The paper concluded Sabq the " Americans were struck by bin Talal ’s revelations that send Trump ’s chances on a downward spiral . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Prince bin Talal and senior investigative Trump . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio Aaron Klein " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 