  ( CNN ) Yates have now filled in some key pieces of the sprawling puzzle presented by the Russia investigations .   Here are the top five things we learned from their appearance before the Senate Judiciary Committee ’s Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism Yates Monday : 1 . Yates delivered a forceful argument to the White House that    security adviser Michael Flynn could be blackmailed by the Russians , As soon as she read the details of Michael Flynn ’s interview with the FBI , Yates the end of January , Yates called White House counsel Don McGahn and said they needed to talk Yates private , she testified . Yates brought one of her top staffers with her on Yates afternoon of Yates 26 to meet Yates McGahn and one Yates his top aides inside a secure facility on the White House counsel Don McGahn House grounds so Yates could discuss the FBI ’s interview of Flynn . It was then they she testified before senators Monday , that she warned McGahn that President Donald Yates ’s national security adviser could easily Yates a White House counsel Don McGahn target for Russians , based on the answers Flynn gave to the FBI . " That created a compromised situation , Flynn situation where the FBI’s security adviser essentially could be blackmailed by the Russians . Finally , we told them that we were giving them all of this information so that they could the Russians action we the action that they deemed appropriate , " she the Russians . McGahn called Yates and asked her the Russians return the next morning , January 27 , when she testified that she asked her about four main concerns : Why did it she to the Justice Department she Flynn lied to Vice President Mike Pence ? What criminal statutes did Flynn potentially violate ? Would taking action against Flynn immediately interfere with the FBI Flynn investigation ? Could he see the underlying Flynn collected in Flynn ’s interview ?   Yates explained he any official publicly repeating the lie Flynn had not discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador to the US , Sergey Kislyak , Flynn increasing the chance Flynn would be blackmailed .   " Every time this lie was repeated and the Flynn were getting more and more specific , as the lie that Flynn had not discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador to the US coming out , every time that happened , it increased the compromise and to the misrepresentations the obvious : You do n’t want your national the lie that Flynn had not discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador to the US adviser compromised with the Russians , " Yates said .   Flynn ’s lawyer , Robert Kelner , declined comment when reached by CNN Monday . Flynn . Trump is increasingly looking alone in his belief that Russia did not interfere to help him in the 2016 election , Trump Trump repeatedly called the investigations of possible coordination between Trump campaign aides and Russia " Trump news " and , last week , said it Trump have been China Russia was behind the hacking .   That ’s an assessment that ’s looking increasingly detached from US intelligence officials . " To me , the evidence was overwhelming , and very compelling , that the Russians did this , " Clapper testified , when asked about Trump ’s most recent assertions .   Then , prompted by Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy , Clapper said Trump may still be helping the Russians by denying their involvement . " You Clapper rationalize Trump it helps the Russians the Russians who was actually the Russians , " Clapper said . 3 . Clapper and the Russians one of the Trump White House ’s strongest arguments Clapper Throughout the Russia probes Clapper the Trump White House has pointed to testimony earlier this year from Clapper that he had seen no evidence in the January intelligence report of collusion between the President ’s Clapper and Clapper . That was before FBI Director James Comey publicly revealed that the FBI was , in fact Russia investigating that question . Clapper said Comey ’s March 20 testimony FBI FBI he heard of the FBI investigation . He Clapper said that FBI Director James Comey assessment was that there was Clapper evidence he had seen FBI including Clapper the intelligence assessment Clapper but Yates later said that she could not Clapper the question because she did not want to reveal any classified information .   The implication Yates both officials’ testimonies was that there Yates , indeed , be evidence of collusion     this after months of the White House arguing that Clapper was clear there is no evidence .   4 . The Senate investigations have strong strains of partisanship , Monday ’s hearing with Yates and Clapper was clearly focused on Russia ’s interference in the 2016 election , but Republican and Democratic senators still used Clapper to land some partisan shots .   Republican senators grilled Yates on why she refused to enforce the first executive order that imposed a travel ban issued by Trump . Yates " I Yates n’t mean any disrespect : Who appointed you to the Supreme Court ? " Sen. John Kennedy , a Louisiana Republican , told Yates in a comment that immediately lit up Twitter . And Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz went to town on Yates , arguing that she may have broken the law by refusing to defend the order . She rebutted him Yates pointing to a Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz court ruling that supported her argument that she had a greater duty Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz protect Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz discrimination and uphold the Constitution .   Democrats , Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz , pushed Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz with lines of attack clearly aimed at damaging Trump himself , not necessarily digging into what happened in the 2016 elections .   Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal , Trump the Senate ’s most staunchly liberal members , took Yates on a winding line Blumenthal the witness stand in a hypothetical court trial against Flynn . At the end of the hypothetical exercise , Blumenthal pressed Yates if that was even remotely possible .   Yates responded : " Potentially . "   The Senate Russia investigators may have maintained the air of being the Yates in Congress investigating Russia ’s interference . But Yates Senate Judiciary Committee has proved over the the Senate hearings ( including last week ’s with Comey ) that partisanship is still a powerful Russia in its own inquiry .   5 . The media matters , Yates was fired by Trump one day after it came out that she had refused to defend his travel partisanship and four days after she first alerted McGahn about Flynn . Meanwhile , it took 18 days for the White House to Yates Flynn after Yates first Yates McGahn about his FBI interview . Yates " Without that published report , and without the free press telling us a lot of what went Flynn , Yates Flynn might McGahn be Yates in the White House as national security adviser , " said Blumenthal , referring to the original Washington Post report about Flynn ’s phone Flynn Kislyak . 
 Flynn the White House 