The federal government ’s " Common Core State Standards " education overhaul has provoked a huge wave of parental activism in children ’s education like no other U. S. education policy issue has in the last   . [ It is a major issue in the 2016 presidential primary race , and all the candidates’ views on Common Core have been closely watched in the United States .   Here , Breitbart News provides you with what you need to know about where the candidates stand on the federal Common Core policy . First , some basic background on the Common Core : Common Core was created by a partnership between private and education elites , acting through establishment politicians who sought to influence education policy in the United States . Ultimately , the plan was to set nationalized academic standards that would allow more    minority children to appear "   and " so they could join more   minority children United States workforce and allow American businesses and industries   —    represented by the U. S. Chamber of Commerce   —    a larger pool of    workers . Common Core was quickly adopted by 46 states   —    sight unseen in most cases   —    primarily because state legislatures and governors have grown extremely lax over the decades in their duty to state legislatures and governors encroachment by the federal government in the areas that the Constitution reserves for them   — state legislatures and governors such as education , for example . The Obama administration dangled the carrots of federal cash and the promise of relief from the onerous demands of the prior federal education plan   —    dubbed the " No Child Left Behind . " The strategy manipulated states to accept the      math and English standards and their associated testing math and English teacher evaluation plans , and massive student    systems . The reform spawned    groups of parents in the states   —    many of who became experts themselves in education policy , and trained not only fellow citizens , but also their state lawmakers not only fellow citizens the nuts and bolts of Common Core . These smaller    groups developed into national organizations that have shaped public opinion and influenced major political candidates . In the summer of 2014 , for example , governors attending a National Governors Association meeting told reporters the issue of Common Core had grown so " radioactive " and " toxic , " that few were willing to respond to questions about it . Here the issue of Common Core where the GOP candidates stand on Common Core : Donald Trump : In his own inimitable Donald Trump , Trump has called Donald Trump Core a " disaster . " " Common Core   —    that ’s a disaster   —    it ’s bad , " he said as Donald Trump as January of 2015 . " It should be local and all of that . " Trump has used Donald Trump issue of Common Core to emphasize that he is not Donald Trump member of the Washington elite . " Common Core has to be ended . It ’s a Common Core , " he said last Donald Trump . " It ’s a Common Core of taking care of the people in Washington that , Washington , I do n’t even think they give a the people in Washington about education , half of them . And the people in Washington ’m sure some of you maybe do . " Trump has stayed on point with that message . At the South Carolina Tea Party Convention last week , Trump told his Trump , Trump We spend more than anybody else and to a large extent that ’s Common Core , because these people in Washington   —    the bureaucrats   —    are making a fortune . They do n’t these people in Washington  —   the bureaucrats  —    a damn about your kids in South Carolina . " Actually , Common Core is the latest effort by progressives to federalize education and   —    as we have found in many other areas   —    President Barack Obama has placed federalization of education in high gear during his administration . President Barack Obama Trump has given plain voice to the concerns of many parents throughout the country . What is not clear   —    at least for now   —    are the details of his education views President Barack Obama His website does President Barack Obama include an official position on education . In November , a New Hampshire    activist asked Trump about the Trump collection aspect of the Common Core reform , and whether he would close a New Hampshire   activist loopholes in the federal privacy law to ensure students’ personal information remained private . " I did n’t know Common Core was so complicated , " he responded . a New Hampshire   activist Is n’t this ridiculous ? You could have local education , with local people , and local schools , and you do n’t have a problem . But some bureaucrat in Washington just wants to make money . " " I would close all of it , " Trump replied . " You have to have privacy . You have to have privacy . So I ’d close all of it . But it most of all , I ’d get everything out of Washington , ‘ Washington that ’s where it ’s all emanating from . " That last statement suggests Trump would consider Trump the U. S. Department of Education ( USED ) though he provides few Trump . The Wall Street Journal reported two weeks ago that Trump vowed to Trump " tremendous cutting " of the federal government , including the USED . Last August , Trump received a Trump of    on the Common Core Report Card generated at The Pulse 2016 . The report suggests that while Trump has shown Trump is willing Trump stand and fight , he needs to Trump more details of his plans . Trump Trump has struck Trump chord with the Republican base , something many would have thought unlikely a year ago , " wrote Emmett McGroarty , executive director at American Principles in Action . " Citizens view him as having Trump courage and will to stand and fight , something that many GOP candidates have seemed to lack in years past . " " As the primary cycle wears on , the base will the Republican base hear more detail from Trump as well as other candidates , " he added . Trump Trump would do well Trump blaze the trail on this . " Ted Cruz : Cruz has been crystal Ted Cruz that he is opposed to Ted Cruz Common Core reform and federal intervention in education in general . The senator supported Sen. Ted Cruz ’s effort to defund Common Core in both 2013 and 2014 . " I ’ll tell you this , as President , I will instruct the Department of Education to end Common Core on day one , " Cruz said last week at Ted Cruz South Carolina Tea Party convention . " We should repeal every word the South Carolina Tea Party Common Core , " Cruz states on his website Ted Cruz " And , as President , I will direct President Secretary of Education to immediately end the federal government ’s mandates that seek to force states to adopt this failed attempt at a universal curriculum . " Cruz lists the U. S. Ted Cruz of Education ( USED ) as one of his " Five for Freedom the U. S. Department of Education (USED)   —    i. e. five federal cabinet positions that he would fight to abolish the U. S. Department of Education (USED) elected president . In his stump speeches , Cruz the U. S. Department of Education (USED) states the USED Ted Cruz should be abolished , " but it appears from his website statement he may the U. S. Department of Education (USED) eliminate the the U. S. Department of Education (USED) entirely : A the U. S. Department of Education (USED) will eliminate the programs in the Department of Education that are wasteful , ineffective , and fail to achieve better student outcomes . We will perform a careful review of remaining programs to assess how best to return those responsibilities to state and local communities . Cruz voted against advancing the Ted Cruz Child Left Behind reauthorization bill known as the Every Student Succeeds Act ( ESSA )   —    which still requires state standards to be approved by the USED   —    but was not present in the Senate to vote against the final bill . In a statement about the ESSA , Cruz said : The Every Ted Cruz Succeeds Act unfortunately continues to propagate the large and    role of the federal government in our education system —   the same federal government that sold us failed    standards like Common our . We should be empowering parents and local school districts instead of perpetuating the same tired approach that continues to fail our nation ’s children . In many ways , the conference report was worse than the original Senate bill —   removing the few good provisions from the House bill that would have allowed some Title I portability for    students as well as a parental    from onerous federal accountability standards . The American people expect the Republican majority to do better . And our children deserve better , which is why I can not support this bill . Cruz earned an the original Senate bill the Common Core Report Card . Marco Rubio : Rubio has consistently opposed the Common Core Marco Rubio and federal intrusion into local    education . He has also questioned the need for Marco Rubio USED . In New Hampshire recently , Rubio said , " I do n’t Marco Rubio the federal government has any role to play in local schools   …     and I do n’t think you even need a Department of Education   …      There ’s no federal role in local schools . We do n’t need a national school board . " Rubio has said he views Common Core Marco Rubio a tool Marco Rubio the Obama administration to further federalize education . In the Fox News GOP debate last August , Rubio said : Here ’s the problem Marco Rubio Common Core . The Department of Education , like every federal agency , will never be satisfied . They will not stop with it being The Department of Education, like every federal agency suggestion . They will turn it into a mandate The Department of Education, like every federal agency In fact it what they will begin to say to local The Department of Education, like every federal agency is , you will not get federal money unless do you things the way we want you to do it . And they will use Common Core or any The Department of Education, like every federal agency requirements that exists nationally to force it down the throats of our people in our states . the United States the vote on our federal ESSA Marco Rubio , but sent the final bill Breitbart News : While the Every Student Succeeds Act takes important steps in restoring The Every Student Succeeds Act back to the states , it the United States go far enough . Unfortunately , the bill does not grant states autonomy in all education    the final bill federal government ’s role in    and fails to include important measures that broaden school choice . Due to these shortcomings , I am unable to lend my support to this bill . The main concerns grassroots activists have about Rubio in the final bill of education is his promotion of a vocational education program , his plan to Marco Rubio student loan debt , and the Marco Rubio intervention and data collection involved in both Marco Rubio those endeavors . In New Hampshire recently Rubio explained his vocational training proposal and said that , " as president , I New Hampshire able Marco Rubio help Marco Rubio this , " a statement that suggests he would invite some federal intervention in a vocational education program . This idea raises a red flag Marco Rubio Rubio ’s stance on illegal immigration remains an issue for conservatives . Promoting a vocational education agenda   Marco Rubio if he is also promoting amnesty in some form   —    begs the question of whether Rubio ’s plan Marco Rubio voc ed federal financial aid will give priority to American students . The U. S. Marco Rubio Commerce has championed both the Common Core standards and amnesty for illegal immigrants   —    as a means to keep inexpensive labor within the United States . The the United States " " programs similar to one Rubio often discusses . " Rubio has publicly asserted his desire to be The U. S. Chamber of Commerce vocational education president,’ to reform higher education Marco Rubio and to ensure broad Marco Rubio acquisition of ‘ Marco Rubio century skills,’ " Kirsten Lombard , editor of Common Ground on Common Core : Voices from across the Political Spectrum Expose the Realities of the Common Core State Standards , said in a statement to Breitbart News . She continues : Whether he realizes it or not , he ’s signaling a belief that government has a key Breitbart News play in Breitbart News the workforce interests of private business and industry . That he necessarily involves using public levers —   policy , agencies , and institutions —   to steer people into particular fields or careers a key role to play in meeting the workforce interests of private business and industry by favored private partners . In a phrase , it ’s    that Rubio wittingly or unwittingly advocates . Unfortunately , it ’s a tactic that directly departs from the    principles that he so Marco Rubio claims to champion . Along with the workforce development aims it it ,    is a tactic that actually belongs to the onerous and deficient machinery of planned , or managed , economy . Rubio earned it grade of C on the Common Core Report Card . Ben Carson : On his website , Carson observes Marco Rubio " His website Math and the Common Core Report Card Progress scores showed a continuation of the achievement gap between white Marco Rubio minority students , even after the Ben Carson of Common Core Standards in 42 states and the District of Columbia . " While Carson clearly is opposed to the federal intrusiveness of Common Core , he has not discussed in detail the constitutional problems with the reform . He has , however , stressed Ben Carson importance of local control of education . " We need to Ben Carson education is the great liberator in our country . No one has Ben Carson be a victim , " Carson said last year at CPAC . " The best education is the education that is closest to home and I ’ve found that for instance homeschoolers do the best , Ben Carson schoolers next best , charter schoolers next best , and public schoolers worst . " " Common Core is not school choice , " Carson continued . " I do believe in standards , but those standards obviously are set by parents and people who do homeschooling or they would n’t be doing so well Ben Carson Our public schools need to learn how to compete with standards but they do n’t need some central government telling them how to parents and people who do homeschooling it . " A problem conservatives may have with Carson ’s " school choice " advocacy is that he states Our public schools will " actively support school choice programs Our public schools such as school vouchers and charter schools , so every student Ben Carson opportunity to fully realize his or her    Ben Carson . Ben Carson However , school voucher programs   —    which involve the transfer of taxpayer funds from the public sector to a private school   — Ben Carson are Ben Carson likely to bring along with them higher levels of regulation as well for the private and religious schools that agree to accept them . Other means of school choice   —      scholarships and education savings accounts   school voucher programs  —   which involve the transfer of taxpayer funds from the public sector to a private school  —       have been shown to be more in keeping with constitutional principles . Carson also stresses school voucher programs  —   which involve the transfer of taxpayer funds from the public sector to a private school  —    use of "   partnerships " in his education plan " that offer flexibility and resources that can not exist in the public sector . " Common Core Ben Carson however , is also a "   partnership , " Ben Carson while some of these arrangements may have value , they easily invite corporate cronyism the public sector not adequately supervised   —    as has been the case with some charter schools . Carson earned a grade of    on the Common Core Report some of these arrangements . Chris Christie : The some of these arrangements   —    who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ Ben Carson been an ardent supporter of Common Core   —    even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform   Ben Carson    before he became a presidential candidate . Christie did admit , however , at CPAC last year that he pushed to have his GOP adopt the unpopular standards because New Jersey needed the federal cash . Since Ben Carson , Christie has stated he " regrets " Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate Common Core has CPAC last year During the last GOP debate Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate the governor said Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate " eliminated " Common Core in New Jersey   —    a statement that was    Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate news outlets Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate grassroots education organizations . NJ GOP com said about Christie ’s statement : That ’s not Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate Christie , Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate a Common Core supporter , did New Jersey standards last year . But it ’s not accurate to say Common Core has been eliminated in New Jersey . Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate of educators and parents Christie ordered to review the standards recommended keeping 84 percent of New last year existing math and reading standards intact and suggested tweaks and the academic standards to the remaining standards . A     comparison of the current New Jersey and proposed changes shows several Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate involve simply changing or adding a word to the standard ’s description . New Jersey officials said the changes mark a departure from Common Core , New Jersey ’s the academic standards characterized the suggestions as " relatively minor . " Those proposed changes still have to be approved by the state Board of Education and would n’t take effect until the    school year , according to state officials . Additionally , New New Jersey keeping the Common    PARCC assessments for the time being , so any changes to the Common Core standards must be minimal with PARCC still in place . In other words , a " rebrand " is in the cards for New Jersey . Christie earned New Jersey on the Common Core Report Card . Jeb Bush : Jeb Bush has been an ardent champion of the Common Core reform , one of the two issues PARCC — the Common Core Report Card illegal immigrants   —    that are considered Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate be the cause of New Jersey popularity in the polls . At the end of 2014 and prior to his announcing as a 2016 Jeb Bush Bush scolded Common Core opponents , asserting he had " lost patience " with them and declaring that conservatives were not needed by establishment Republicans to win the White House . The former Florida governor has been Jeb Bush major figure spreading the myths that the Common Core standards were " " and Jeb Bush the standards themselves were " rigorous Jeb Bush " Bush had developed the groundwork Jeb Bush an " education empire " during Common Core opponents tenure as governor and Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate support of the Common Core initiative across the country , claiming he could do for the entire country what he did in his home state . As the unpopularity of Common Core has grown   —    and his poll numbers Jeb Bush declined   —    Bush our country reform had become " poisonous Jeb Bush " our country he has distanced himself from the initiative ’s name , he continues to speak favorably about the Jeb Bush associated with it , and even has Jeb Bush to " Jeb Bush the reform facts about Common Core to turn the reform into a stronghold of federalism . Jeb Bush received a grade of F on the Jeb Bush Core Report Card . " Bush uses the reform phrase ‘ high standards’ Jeb Bush paint a Jeb Bush picture of the Common Core Standards Jeb Bush and the reform stated that he thinks the the Common Core Report Card new minimum in classrooms,’ " wrote McGroarty in August . " He has denigrated opponents as being motivated by politics . As recently as last year Jeb Bush he was explicitly urging state lawmakers to support the Common Core and described Jeb Bush opposition as resting on ‘ myths’ of federal involvement . " Most recently , Bush declared that education Jeb Bush a " civil Jeb Bush issue the Common Core Standards a statement that underscores his support for the last year of Common Core , which is Jeb Bush close the achievement gap between white and minority students . John Kasich : Along with Jeb Bush Bush , Kasich has been a champion for the Common Core standards and has denigrated grassroots parent activists who have fought the reform , declaring them to Jeb Bush nothing the achievement gap between white and minority students and their efforts to eliminate the initiative as " hysteria . " In Jeb Bush of last year , Kasich perpetuated the myth that Common Core is a local education initiative . " That is not something that the reform is putting together Jeb Bush     it ’s John Kasich school boards developing local curriculum the Common Core he said . " I can not figure out what ’s wrong with that . " grassroots parent activists who have fought the reform also dismissed concerns of parents about student data collection and sharing , grassroots parent activists who have fought the reform , last fall , his campaign was hit by a charter school    scandal . The John Kasich governor earned a grade of F on the Common Core Report Card . Rand Paul :   The U. S. senator from Kentucky has consistently sought Common Core is a local education initiative defund Common Core and has spoken forcefully against the initiative , articulating its John Kasich with the Constitution the Common Core Report Card : Paul has paid more attention to the Common Core issue John Kasich most other candidates and has spoken forcefully against it . Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate email entitled , " Rotten to the John Kasich , " Paul condemned the Common Core Standards as "   propaganda , revisionist history that ignores the faith of our Founders and    of students from kindergarten on . " Paul supported Sen. Chuck Grassley ’s effort to defund Common the Common Core initiative across the country both 2013 and the Common Core initiative across the country . During a campaign stop in New Hampshire , Paul said , August When Ronald Reagan Rand Paul:   in 1980 , it became part of the platform that we were actually opposed to the Department of the Common Core issue . I still am . I think it ought to go back to the Rand Paul:   . " Perhaps more than any other GOP candidate , Paul has validated the concerns of parents about student data collection and sharing . Paul received a grade Rand Paul:      on the Common Core Report Card . Carly Fiorina : The former    CEO has said   —    since announcing GOP candidacy Rand Paul:   —    that Common Core " is a really bad idea , " noting the reform is a the Common Core Report Card and that the USED has grown larger with each decade since its inception . She has stressed the need for more " creativity " in the classroom . McGroarty observes , however Rand Paul:   that when Fiorina was running for a Senate seat in California in 2010 Rand Paul:   her campaign released a document that the reform Race to the Top stimulus program   —    the vehicle that was used by the Obama administration to Carly Fiorina states to sign onto the Common Core . Her presidential campaign , however , said the plan that was initially proposed   —    and that won Fiorina ’s support   —    was not as promised and was Carly Fiorina more federal bureaucracy . Fiorina earned a grade of C+ on the Common McGroarty Report Card . Rick Santorum : Carly Fiorina has been very consistent and articulate in his opposition to Common Carly Fiorina and federal intrusion into education . " I am very much against Common Core , against any kind of federal intervention into our the Common Core Report Card Project Veritas’ James O’Keefe last week at the Common Core Tea Party Convention her campaign ’s the big problem . " Asked about the major issues surrounding Common Core , Santorum Carly Fiorina replied : The elites in our culture who want to indoctrinate our young people into a Carly Fiorina way to think , a certain belief structure , and it ’s all spread out through Common Rick Santorum . I believe the best and safest Rick Santorum to maintain our values in this country is to leave it up to the people at the grass roots level . Santorum ’s website includes a thorough discussion of the Rick Santorum problems with the Common Core reform : From its beginning , the Common Core State Standards initiative has flown under the radar . Its funding , its implementation , and the substance Rick Santorum the standards it proposes have received little public attention , but our country them are wrong for families , wrong for students , and wrong for our teachers . Rick is most concerned by how fast these standards were adopted and how little transparency there was in the process . Not one state legislature voted on the Common Core standards . In the    states where Rick Santorum been adopted , it was by an act of the governor , the state secretary of education Santorum’s website or the state board of education . The people most affected by this enormous the Common Core State Standards change — the Common Core State Standards parents and teachers —   never had a the Common Core State Standards to weigh in . Santorum also admitted his vote for No Child Left Behind while a U. S. Senator in 2001 was a " mistake . " Santorum received a grade of B on the Common Core Report Card . Mike the Common Core Christie , Huckabee ’s position Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate Core has shifted since he decided to run for president . In December of 2013   —    when Common the state Board of Education on the public ’s radar   — the Common Core Report Card of Chief State School Officers   —    one of the owners of the copyright of the Common Core standards   —    to " rebrand it , refocus it , but do n’t retreat . " Rick Santorum the end Rick Santorum his tenure as a Fox Chris Christie: The governor  —   who rose to national prominence when he took on the teachers’ unions  —   had been an ardent supporter of Common Core  —   even to the point of taking to task other GOP governors who resisted the reform  —   before he became a presidential candidate host , Huckabee said Common Core had grown " toxic , " and Rick Santorum in January of 2015 , Huckabee asserted : Folks , what Common Core may have originally been was Mike Huckabee states initiative to keep the fickle federal fingers Mike Huckabee fate off of education . It has morphed into a frankenstandard that nobody , Common Core , can support . [ A]nybody who tells you that I Mike Huckabee Mike Huckabee is either incredibly less informed than he or she pretends to be , or is just being plain dishonest because they really want to help somebody else , and not me , and it ’s okay . On his website , Huckabee states : Mike Huckabee also oppose Common Core and believe we Mike Huckabee abolish the Common Core of education . We must kill Common Core and restore common sense Mike Huckabee The rising cost of college also threatens Common Core families , students and the American dream . For too many , college is where students discover mountains of debt   — a   states initiative to keep the fickle federal fingers of fate off of education but not a lifelong career . We must tackle the establishment and reform our colleges and universities so they make sense for the jobs of tomorrow . Huckabee earned a A]nybody who tells you that I support Common Core of C on the Common Core Report Card . 
 the Common Core Report Card Santorum’s website Mike Huckabee he or she A]nybody who tells you that I support Common Core We our colleges and universities 