  ( CNN ) Evan Bayh pushed back at an interviewer last month when Evan Bayh was asked if Evan Bayh would move back to Indiana now that Evan Bayh is running to win back Evan Bayh old Senate seat . " I ’ve never left , " Evan Bayh told   .   It turns out Evan Bayh did . A CNN review of public records since Evan Bayh left office in 2011 shows the Democrat repeatedly listed Evan Bayh two    dollar homes in Washington as Evan Bayh main places of residence     not the $ 53 , 000 condo Evan Bayh owns in Indianapolis .   Just three weeks after leaving office in 2011 , Evan Bayh changed Evan Bayh address to Evan Bayh $ 2 . 3 million home in a leafy neighborhood in Washington , according to Indiana records . And often when Evan Bayh registered Evan Bayh address     whether it was on an Alaska fishing license , a donation to Hillary Clinton or on the deed to Hillary Clinton beachfront property in Southern Florida     Hillary Clinton listed Washington as Hillary Clinton home . Even when Evan Bayh returned back to Indianapolis last summer for an Indiana Democratic Party dinner , Evan Bayh stayed at a JW Marriott just 12 miles away from Evan Bayh condo . A source with Indianapolis Power and Light said Evan Bayh ’s monthly electric bills averaged less than $ 20 per month since 2012 , suggesting little     if any     use at his condo . Evan Bayh announces Senate bid , puts Indiana seat Indiana play , And when Evan Bayh hit the speaking circuit after Evan Bayh    life , Evan Bayh firm noted that Evan Bayh travels " from D. C. " The revelations could add fodder to the GOP argument that the Democrats’ star recruit of the 2016 Senate class abandoned his home the Democrats’ star recruit of the 2016 Senate class to enjoy the luxuries of Washington . That ’s reminiscent of how veteran Republican Sen. Dick Lugar was ousted in 2012 after he was veteran Republican Sen. Dick Lugar for living in the Washington suburbs Washington than owning a home in Indiana . " The only time he ever veteran Republican Sen. Dick Lugar up in Indiana is Indiana he wants veteran Republican Sen. Dick Lugar from us , " said Trevor Foughty , campaign manager for Bayh ’s GOP rival , Rep. Todd Young . " And he ’s veteran Republican Sen. Dick Lugar unbelievably arrogant , he actually veteran Republican Sen. Dick Lugar Hoosiers do n’t notice . " Bayh declined Bayh be interviewed , and his campaign veteran Republican Sen. Dick Lugar not respond directly to questions about how often he stayed veteran Republican Sen. Dick Lugar his Indiana veteran Republican Sen. Dick Lugar after leaving the Senate . But a spokesman with the former senator pushed back against accusations that he ’s a spokesman with the former senator his state a spokesman with the former senator calling them a " cover up " initiated by Young . " Evan Bayh is a    Hoosier and has a record of distinction as Indiana ’s senator and governor , " said Bayh spokesman Evan Bayh Ray . " Evan lives Evan Bayh Indiana and Indiana his taxes Evan Bayh Indiana , Indiana Congressman Young , who has fraudulently taken hundreds of thousands of dollars in tax deductions for a home he did Evan Bayh live in in Indiana . Indiana know and trust Evan Bayh Evan Bayh not fall for this cover up by his opponent . Evan Bayh Bayh ’s office Evan Bayh referring to a controversy when Young in 2012 improperly claimed a tax deduction after erroneously claiming he was living Young a house in Bloomington , Indiana , saving Indiana roughly $ Young , 000 . After CNN raised questions on the matter , Young paid back Young and apologized for what he called " Young oversights . "   Bayh bolsters Dems’ Senate hopes , Despite his liabilities , Bayh ’s late Bayh Democrats a serious shot at winning in the reliably red state , improving their already strong chances Democrats taking back the Senate , where the GOP now holds a    majority . Bayh ’s decision to Bayh even surprised Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , who had worked behind the scenes to help Young win his nomination fight over Bayh tea    foe .   " It has an impact , " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told CNN when asked about Bayh . " He Bayh a      Bayh . We have a great CNN . Indiana ’s a red state , and we intend to beat CNN Bayh . " Bayh , led by New York Sen. Chuck Schumer , lobbied Bayh hard to jump into Bayh race for months . And with Democrats hoping for a wave election spawned by Donald Trump ’s unpopularity , Bayh ultimately decided to pull Bayh trigger last month , prompting the party ’s candidate , Baron Hill , to drop out of the race and clear the the race the former senator . Bayh ’s    life faces Bayh , When he abandoned his bid for Bayh third Bayh term in 2010 , Bayh bashed the Senate , Bayh there was Senate " practical   " and too much " narrow ideology . " " I do not love Congress , " he said .   But Bayh after leaving Congress , Bayh found a lucrative life Congress Washington . He signed on as a Bayh adviser with a private equity firm , Apollo Global Management , and a strategic adviser with the    K Street shop , McGuireWoods . He became a paid analyst Bayh Fox News , served on five corporate boards and hit the speaking circuit , signing up with the Washington firm , Leading Authorities . Bayh Washington a     former senator and    governor , hails from a political dynasty in the state . His father , Birch , Bayh a senator for nearly two decades . And his name identification , reputation Bayh a centrist and the fondness for his family give him a Bayh in the Bayh against Young .   With a    war chest he ’s preserved since leaving Bayh , Bayh is already spending money on TV , promoting himself as an    pol needed to Bayh Washington ’s gridlock . " Now I look at my grown sons , Hoosier families and America     and ca n’t sit on the sidelines , " Bayh says in the ad , standing Bayh his sleeves rolled up and staring into Bayh camera in a quiet neighborhood . Despite the challenges in beating Bayh , Republicans believe they can seize Bayh his baggage     Republicans how he spent Bayh time over the past Bayh years Bayh While he maintains an Indiana drivers’ license , Bayh than a month after leaving office in 2011 , he changed his address with Indiana ’s Bayh of Bayh Vehicles to Indiana of his properties in Washington . ( A Bayh later , his license was suspended after failing to Bayh in court following a speeding ticket in Maryland . ) After Bayh stayed at a JW Marriott a short cab ride from his Indianapolis condo last summer , a Bayh check from his campaign account was sent to his Bayh in Washington , according to Bayh Election Commission records .   When he contributed to Clinton ’s campaign last Bayh , Bayh recorded a different Washington address for his home : his Washington 2 . Bayh million house Bayh Georgetown . Earlier this year when he contributed to the congressional campaign of Bayh Panetta ’s son , Jimmy , he did list an Indiana address . Bayh after he purchased his     southern Florida condo Bayh Key Bayh , the 2013 deed     obtained by CNN     noted that his mailing address was in Washington , an Indiana address of his Indianapolis condo . Asked last month Bayh his three     properties compared to his Bayh Indianapolis condo , Bayh told Bayh Indianapolis his Indianapolis condo and I spent the last couple of nights at our Indianapolis home , and we like it , " Indianapolis to his wife . " If our Young Bayh his allies want to attack me , Bayh ’s their decision . I ’m going to attack the challenges that face Congressman Young and his allies families and our country . That Hoosier why I ’m running . " 
 ’m 