Washington ( CNN ) One of    Donald Trump ’s top advisers said Sunday that top advisers loyal supporters across the country feel " betrayed " that top advisers is considering one of top advisers most vicious critics , Mitt Romney , for secretary of state .   " I ’m all for party unity , but I ’m not sure we have to pay for that with the secretary of state position , " Kellyanne Conway , Trump ’s campaign manager , told CNN ’s Dana Bash on " State of the Union . "   Dana Bash added : " It ’s just breathtaking in scope and intensity the type of messages I ’ve received from all over the country . .. the number of people who feel betrayed to think that Gov. Romney would get the most prominent Cabinet post after Gov. Romney went so far out of Gov. Romney way to hurt Donald Trump . " Gov. Romney first opened a window on the infighting in Donald Trump ’s transition over who should win the powerful role as the nation ’s top diplomat , when Gov. Romney tweeted on Thanksgiving about concerns with Romney .   " Receiving deluge of social media   private comms re : Romney Some Trump loyalists warn against Romney as sec of state , " Gov. Romney tweeted , including a link to a Politico story . Romney has been scrapping behind the scenes with Rudy Giuliani for the post , although alternative options have emerged , including former Gen. David Petraeus and Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker . Conway said Sunday that much of the anger , which has boiled over in public , stems from the personal attacks Romney lobbed at Rudy Giuliani .   " There was the Never Trump movement and then there was Romney he Romney speeches against Donald Trump , he Romney his Romney , " Conway Conway .   Ana Navarro , a Republican Trump critic and CNN political commentator , registered her surprise at the interview on Twitter , saying : " Astounding to hear K. Conway , who has the ability to tell Trump Trump , trash possibility of Romney as Sec of State publicly on @CNNSotu . " But Conway fired back : " I did tell him Conway . And I ’ll respect his Conway . Point is the volume   intensity of grassroots resistance to Romney Romney breathtaking . " The fight between Romney Romney the Republican Party ’s 2012 nominee , and Trump was nasty and personal . After Romney Romney he Romney n’t expect Trump Trump win the GOP nomination and called some of the real estate mogul ’s past comments " childish in some respects , " Trump Trump : " . @MittRomney can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his Romney " choke " loss to Obama ! "   A few months later , Romney Romney on Trump Trump calling him Romney " phony , a fraud " and asking Republicans to unite against him Romney   Trump Trump back , saying that he Trump have forced Romney Romney his Trump in 2012 when Romney Romney his Romney .   " He Romney begging for my his endorsement I could have said , ’Mitt , drop to your knees’     he Romney have dropped to his his knees " Trump Trump . Romney Romney sparked a furious     that only ended after the election when , in a stunning turn , the two met to discuss Romney becoming Romney of state . Since that meeting , conservative backers of Trump have Trump openly bashing Romney , Romney former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich . Reince Preibus , Trump ’s Trump chief of staff , downplayed any fighting behind the scenes , suggesting that picking Romney would Romney for a good " team of rivals " for Trump . Trump He ’s Romney to be making the best decision for the American people . It is n’t a matter of warfare . I mean , there ’s a lot of opinions about this and , yes , it is sort of a ’team of rivals’ concept if you were to go towards the Gov. Romney concept , " Priebus said on Fox News’ " Fox News Sunday . " Priebus declined to say Priebus Romney should publicly apologize Romney his attacks on Trump Romney He also spoke highly Romney Petraeus , as a possible third option .   " I do n’t think anyone could say that David Petraeus is n’t Petraeus bright , calculated , smart person , and these are the types of conversations that I think the American people would expect of an incoming president that ’s trying to make the best decisions possible for everyone out there across the country , " Priebus said . Petraeus was sentenced to two Petraeus probation last year after he revealed he had provided Petraeus secret Petraeus to his biographer , whom he Petraeus having an affair Petraeus . Trump often held out Petraeus on the campaign trail Petraeus evidence that Hillary Clinton should face prosecution for her use of a private Hillary Clinton server . 
 