Washington ( CNN ) Republican and Democratic vice presidential picks Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine have at least one thing in common : Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine ’re Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine are proud parents of officers in the US Marine Corps . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence ’s son , Lt . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , is currently undergoing pilot training at Whiting Naval Air Station Field in Florida , according to a statement from the the US Marine Corps He the US Marine Corps the Marine Corps in 2015 the US Marine Corps Kaine ’s eldest son , Nathaniel , is a First Lieutenant based out of Camp Lejeune , North Carolina .   " My son is an infantry officer who takes control of his first platoon Monday so these are My son that matter to me personally , " Kaine told a crowd of about a Kaine veterans at the Culpeper VFW Post 2524 back in 2014 . A Kaine aide told reporters Saturday that the Kaine senator ’s son is deploying to Europe on Monday . On stage at a campaign event with Hillary Clinton Saturday , Kaine said his son was Saturday " Kaine uphold the Virginia senator’s son commitment to our NATO ally , " a thinly veiled swipe at Donald Trump , who has spoken of diminishing US commitment to the longtime European alliance . While none of the four candidates on the ballot in November have military experience , making this the second election in a row with no veterans on a major party ticket , candidates with children in the armed forces has become a recent trend . Vice President Joe Biden ’s late son , Beau , was a JAG officer in the Delaware Army National Guard , having been deployed to Iraq in 2009 . And in the 2008 election , Arizona Sen. John McCain ’s two sons were in the Marines and Navy , while his running mate , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Arizona Sen. John McCain ’s son was in the Army Reserves . McCain , a Vietnam veteran and retired Navy Captain , was the last person with military experience to be on the ticket of a major party .  
 