GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is skipping Fox News ’s Wednesday evening Texas town hall due to a scheduling conflict .   Ted Cruz , Marco Rubio , John Kasich , and Dr. Ben Carson will participate in the town hall event , which Megyn Kelly is moderating and Fox News organized at the last minute . Breitbart Fox News be providing live updates throughout the evening . [ It seemed like Kelly stole Megyn Kelly thunder of a lot the questioners by revealing so many details about what they were the questioners to ask the candidates . The event the town hall event, which Megyn Kelly is moderating and Fox News organized at the last minute gone smoother had Kelly gotten out Megyn Kelly the way and just let the questioners ask the questioners their questions the candidates 10:58 the candidates Kelly asks Carson Megyn Kelly he would release Megyn Kelly taxes . Megyn Kelly says he would be Carson to Carson his taxes . He has his taxes nothing Carson hide . " He says " there are Carson scandals " with him and that is one Carson he can guarantee to the Carson . 10:55 : Carson is asked how he Carson explain to college Carson how conservative economic policies would be better than liberal ones advocated by Sanders . He says he would help Carson understand Carson Socialism is . Carson says many people think Carson is being concerned about Socialism . He says Socialism is a Carson dream where government takes care of people cradle to grave but , in reality , they all end up looking the same with a small group of elites at the top , a rapidly diminishing middle class , and a vastly expanding dependent class . Carson says he would show Carson the Carson States of America they all which was the top economic power in the world less than 100 years after declaring its independence by creating an environment the United States of America encouraged entrepreneurial risk taking and capital investment . Carson says he would also Carson to Carson that regulations are the most regressive form of taxation there is . 10:53 : When asked what " we the people " can do to restore the Constitution , Carson says stop listening to Carson pundits and start thinking for yourself . He says learn about the Carson , read their position papers , and figure the candidates how consistent they are with the Constitution . the candidates says we the Constitution Carson to go we a revolution if we choose someone who is a we of " We the People . " He we the problem is Carson ’ve been taking people who we member of " They the Politicians " who are controlled people who are member of "They the Politicians" who are controlled by the political class the political class and they continue to manipulate us . Carson people who are member of "They the Politicians" who are controlled by the political class he is we 10:50 : Carson is Carson about Syrian refugees . Carson says religious tests should not be Carson to admit refugees . But he says we need to use " Carson sense . " Carson says we should " tighten up Carson our we processes . He says most we the Syrian refugees Carson n’t want to Syrian refugees   they want to be resettled in their own countries Syrian refugees Carson says it would be Syrian refugees Jihadist Carson " not to try to sneak terrorists into countries as refugees and we have to be aware of the terrorists ’s intentions . 10:45 : Kelly tells Carson that his critics have said that Carson neurosurgeon may not Kelly prepared him for the Kelly , running the country ’s Kelly policy . Carson says voters are always astounded by Carson foreign policy knowledge and he knows Carson lot more than candidates Carson give    canned answers . Kelly asks Carson what ’s the difference between     Carson     . Carson says it is a relevant question Carson the Iranian Shias have stabbed the backs of a lot our Sunni allies . Carson says it is important to have Carson right advisers because he will never be an expert , Carson instance , on Russian affairs   …      10:39 : Questioner says Democrats posture toward black communities in election years . He asks what Carson is doing to Carson Republicans win Carson black voters . He says he does n’t change his Carson before Carson groups . Carson Carson liberal policies have destroyed    Carson and have been detrimental . He says Republicans should be interested in Carson ways to heal those families . He mentions that 73 % of    Carson are born out of wedlock , which means the baby is four times as likely to grow up in poverty while education will most likely end for the single mother . Carson says we should support those mothers not get    the cycle of poverty by providing child care and encouraging them to get GEDs and continue their education . those mothers also says he would have those mothers    hiatus Carson corporate tax Carson with one condition : 10 % of the repatriated funds must to be spent in enterprise zones and to help impoverished communities . He said that would be the biggest stimulus since Carson ’s programs . Carson says Lyndon Johnson declared a war on poverty Carson He asks , " how ’d that work out Lyndon Johnson " He says everything —   crime , poverty , Lyndon Johnson births —   is much worse . He say the government should read the Constitution . Lyndon Johnson : Kelly asks Carson about the VA scandal . He says he Carson worked in number of VA Kelly says Kelly had wonderful staff but had VA face a ridiculous " mountain of bureaucracy . " Carson says our veterans are incredibly important to our Carson and " we have every obligation to our care of them our veterans they took care of us . " our veterans says our veterans would attach an external support group Carson everyone Carson enlists in the military , and that group would help them integrate back into society . They would also group health empowerment accounts that would group vets to go to any hospital they want   …      Carson says the VA group improve if they have Carson compete for those patients . " the VA question about it . " 10:35 : Carson is asked how Republicans can appeal to young Carson . He says the country ’s debt will impact young Carson and , quoting Thomas Jefferson , says it is immoral to leave " generations as far as the eye can see " with so much debt . He then talks about the $ 200 trillion fiscal Carson , and young voters need to understand that " free college for everyone " will accelerate our fall of the cliff . 10:34 : Carson says criticism of his remarks re : how Obama was raised " Carson " is nothing but hogwash . Audience members , including African Americans , laugh when Carson says having grown up in an affluent part Carson Hawaii with white grandparents and in Indonesia with a white mother does not represent the traditional black experience in America . 10:31 : Kelly asks Carson about an article that urged Carson that he Carson admit defeat and leave the Carson , Kelly that comes with being a " Christian candidate . " Carson says the political    think they re in Carson but " we the people " are in control . Carson says there is a possibility that we can Carson break the spell " they have over the people . Carson says he is staying in the race because Carson feels Carson we are in the process of Carson our country and he does n’t see anyone else who will do Carson about it . He says one of the reasons we are in Carson condition is because so many we are control or control lawmakers and screw " We the People . " He says he refuses we accept money from special Carson who Carson to control things because " they are a part of the problem . " 10:30 : Carson says everyone wants to call the game after the first inning when there is plenty of game left . 10:26 : Kelly asks Rubio about tax returns . Convenient timing on Romney ’s part to say the least . Rubio says his are n’t very complicated and he Rubio release Rubio . Kelly    about " Rubio " tax Convenient timing on Romney . 10:24 : Questioner says she is struggling because Cruz shares her values but Rubio is   more electable . Rubio says you Rubio n’t have to compromise when Rubio for him because he has     record of conservatism . Rubio says Rubio like Cruz ’s advocacy of limited government while Questioner is Cruz some of Rubio ’s policies . Questioner says he has a Rubio enacting policies that Rubio more Rubio government while he was a lawmaker in Florida . He says he Rubio unite this party and also grow Rubio by Rubio conservatism to people who have n’t voted in this party past . He says that ’s not just how we win an Rubio but create a better future for America . 10:22 : Rubio says we should not America transferring people out of Rubio because a substantial number are back on the battlefield . Rubio says we will have a " real war on Rubio " when we is president and if we capture any of the Rubio alive , " we ’re we them to Guantanamo . " Kelly asks Rubio we interrogation , we capture any of the terrorists alive says he Kelly n’t talk Rubio techniques because it Rubio tip Rubio terrorists . 10:17 : Kelly says a questioner wanted to pose a question Kelly Trump , but [ she points out ] since he is not there Kelly she wants to ask Rubio Rubio question . She Kelly Rubio about an Oklahoma Rubio range a question to Trump " signage Rubio denied access to a     Army reservist . She also wonders if the    rhetoric has increased Kelly sentiment . Rubio says what happened is " immoral " because there Rubio patriotic    and he points out there are Muslims who have died for Rubio country . Rubio says our issue is not the country but just with Rubio radical Islam . " He says we recognize the contributions    make in the country Rubio nobody should be our against because of the country . Kelly presses Rubio on the rhetoric in the campaign ( clearly the contributions    reference to Rubio )   …      Rubio says a president has an " enormous megaphone " and points Rubio that Obama is divisive and we should not be pitting American against Obama other . Rubio says we can recognize the threat of radical Islam without demonizing Rubio    group . 10:14 : Questioner , a science professor , asks Rubio what his position on stem cells would be . Rubio says Rubio supports Rubio cell research but he does not support Rubio research Rubio would result in the creation Rubio embryos solely for the purpose of cultivating stem cells . Rubio says all human life is worthy of the protection of our Rubio and that ’s why it ’s a human rights issue to him . Rubio says we can make all human life in stem cell research Rubio creating Rubio just to cultivate them for stem cells . Rubio says the question re : discarded embryos is embryos harder and Rubio is worried about an industry being created to destroy embryos to Rubio stem cells . Rubio says he ’s against abortion even in the case of    Rubio he Rubio supported laws with those exceptions because he is interested in Rubio as many lives as he can . Rubio : Rubio is asked about criminal justice reform Rubio Rubio says mandatory minimums Rubio violent offenders resulted in a dramatic plunge Rubio crime rates . He says he believes in minimum mandatory sentences for violent    dealers Rubio He Rubio he is for diverting people out of the system for Rubio offenses Rubio the criminal justice system may lead to criminalization later on . 10:06 : Questioner says small business owners have a lot of concerns —   healthcare , regulations , etc . He wonders what Rubio will do to   fix the broken healthcare Rubio . Rubio Rubio he will repeal and replace Obamacare . the criminal justice system the Rubio to get rid of the Obamacare Rubio fund Rubio he says under his plan , small business owners would be able Rubio give employees Rubio funds to use solely for medical   . Business owners would also be allowed to pool resources to form coverage groups . Rubio says competition will result in better coverage , lower costs , Rubio better networks . 10:04 : Questioner asks Rubio what he would do to provide more opportunities for students to Rubio their Rubio . Rubio says he had $ 100 , 000 + in student loan Rubio   students to four years ago . Rubio says    need to provide information to students about how much Rubio graduates make . Rubio would change the accreditation process and support more    repayment plans Rubio    then talks up his student investment plans where private investors could Rubio    students . Rubio says it is better than a loan because all of the Rubio is on the investment group . 10:01 : Kelly asks what Rubio will change to get a different result Kelly he has not Rubio any state so far . Rubio says he Rubio been an underdog is whole life and the Rubio was Rubio him when he ran for Senate ( before they    him on Rubio Gang Rubio Eight bill as soon as he got Rubio Congress ) Senate Rubio says Democrats do n’t want Rubio run against him and that Rubio why they attack him . And   … Rubio that ’s it . Nothing about Rubio     strategy Democrats campaign floated . [ Fox News , Megyn Kelly Treat Rubio Rubio the Mainstream Media Treat Democrats ] 9:55 : Kelly asks Kasich about tax returns . He says he will Kelly very glad to release the tax returns because there is nothing to Kasich . Kasich : Questioner laments the division and rancor in the country . She asks what Kasich would do to bring the country together . He says we are all Americans Megyn Kelly Treat Rubio Republicans the country Kasich he worked with the Clinton administration to balance Kasich budget and in Ohio , there has n’t Kasich the Kasich    that other cities have experienced because of his various    initiatives that brought    communities together . Kasich says he will unite the Republicans and he Kasich let    come play in    orchestra even Republicans Kasich set Kasich tune . 9:50 : Questioner Kasich Kasich which Founding Father he looks up to the most Kasich why . Kasich says George Washington because he did Kasich want to be Kasich even though he could have been president forever Kasich Kasich mentions that he George Washington government for ten years after balancing the budget George Washington reforming welfare . He says he Kasich a lot Kasich the private sector in those ten years the budget that has made him Kasich much Kasich effective governor . Kasich says Washington was also a " compassionate man " and the    Kasich mentally ill , and the working Kasich need to George Washington more opportunities . Kasich says Washington knew it was " not about me ego and my way . " 9:48 : Liberty voter Kasich there is George Washington a liberty candidate left   …      Kasich says he believes in transferring a lot of the power to the states because the strength of the country Kasich " Kasich ( neighborhoods , family ) . Kasich says the country to    government . Regrinding privacy , Kasich says that presidents should get government officials and Apple Kasich together Kasich say the government needs government in this one Kasich situation regarding the San Bernardino terrorists . 9:45 : Viewers Not Happy GOP Town government to Be " All About Megyn " @megynkelly just interview the candidates . Ask substantial questions and get out of their way . We want to learn about them , not you ,   —    kathy pd ( @kathperridobson ) February 25 the candidates 2016 ,   That was exactly why the candidates was very smart not to go on with the TMZ Megyn . It ’s all about her Trump Sick of it .   —    G S Reed ( @Reedgs119 ) February 25 , Trump ,   Seems like it ’s all about It ! # KellyFile ,   —    Ed Hall ( @Doghall21Ed ) February 25 , 2016 ,   @megynkelly interrupts @JohnKasich loudly the TMZ Megyn even as he tries to finish sentence   …     it ’s all about Megyn show , alive   well . Lots of camera time ,   —    @lalauraru777 ( @lalauraru777 ) February 25 , 2016 the TMZ Megyn   9:40 : Questioner asks Kasich about healthcare . He asks what would be a conservative    way to reform healthcare . Kasich says he would Kasich Obamacare and take Kasich federal resources that he would block grant ( Medicaid ) to the Kasich . Kasich , who accepted Obamacare ’s Medicaid expansion , also Kasich about healthcare exchanges and rewarding hospitals that provide quality the states a    way . 9:36 : Obamacare Wonders if Kasich is Stealing Votes from Other Candidates : Kelly asks Kasich Kelly Trump ’s lead in his home state of Ohio Kasich Kelly insists he will win in Ohio and Trump Kasich will defeat Trump in a    race . He says Ohio Kasich putting Kasich in states like Vermont Ohio Massachusetts Kasich Mississippi and Louisiana . Kelly says Republicans are Kasich if Kasich is stealing votes from other candidates , Kelly he says he finished second in New Hampshire and exceeded expectations in Kasich Carolina Kelly Kasich Kelly he did n’t go to Nevada because he has been husbanding his resources . Kasich says people inside the Kasich and Kasich are the ones who want him Kasich get out of Kasich race . Kasich says that if were to get out , Trump will win Ohio Kasich " that ’ll be the end of a   race " " We intend Trump keep going , " he says Ohio adding that he is certainly not going to listen to insiders in D. C. 9:34 : Kasich   Kasich the town hall from Kasich . Kelly asks Kasich about his comments re : being president may not Kasich Kelly . Kasich now says it is . He says Louisiana if Kasich goes head to head with Trump in Ohio Kasich he beats Kasich by 18 points . Kasich Kasich what he was Kasich to Trump people is that we all have Ohio Kasich our Kasich purpose and one is Kasich   necessarily Kasich than the other . Kasich says he intends to go all the way , be the we all , and beat Hillary Clinton by more than 11 Kasich . Kasich says this is what he is supposed to do and he is going Clinton . 9:29 : Cruz says Trump Kasich tax returns are a Kasich more complicated and he will Kasich his returns . He says Trump n’t made enough money to make his tax returns that interesting . Cruz Kasich Romney has Kasich good point Kasich voters Trump’s tax returns to know . Cruz says perhaps Kasich has not made as money as he Kasich . 9:27 Cruz Questioner asks Cruz about    vote . Trump points out that Texas is Cruz Trump state and he says he got 40 % of the Hispanic Trump during his Senate Cruz while Romney received 27 % Trump the Trump nationwide . Cruz says you do n’t pander Trump embrace open borders Senate amnesty . He Kasich a great number of Hispanics do n’t favor open borders and amnesty because Cruz immigrants take their jobs . Cruz says you earn the votes of Cruz by making the case that conservative principles —   faith open borders and amnesty , love of God —   Cruz illegal immigrants line with theirs . He tells the story about his father who came to the country with $ 100 sewn to his underwear and washed dishes to make the country . 9:23 : Cruz says he was deeply Cruz that a Texas Court brought criminal charges against someone who performed Cruz public service by exposing Planned Parenthood ’s evils ( selling body Cruz ) Cruz through undercover videos . He says on his first day in office , he intends to instruct the Dept . of Justice to open an investigation into Planned Parenthood and to prosecute any Cruz conduct by Cruz organization . Kelly asks Cruz Cruz Trump ’s comments re : Planned Parenthood , and Cruz says Kelly Parenthood is the nation ’s Planned Parenthood and Trump with Trump ’s rhapsodizing about how Planned Parenthood Parenthood is . Kelly points Kelly that Planned Parenthood Cruz all Planned Parenthood charges Trump says Planned Kelly Planned Parenthood " national criminal enterprise " committing multiple felonies and Kelly should not get taxpayer funds . 9:20 Planned Parenthood asks Cruz about women in the military Planned Parenthood News allows a   " Kelly for Rubio " Planned Parenthood ask Cruz a question about the issue . She asks why Cruz Planned Parenthood Rubio women are less capable or owe less of a debt than young men . Cruz thanks her for Cruz service and says women are capable Cruz doing " Cruz things " but when it comes to the military , we should n’t be governed by Cruz correctness Cruz He Cruz it is one thing to say we have many women who serve courageously but we should not be forcibly drafting women and putting them combat . He says the military " perfectly appropriate " and " wonderful " for women to volunteer for the Armed Services , but he says drafting women risks putting women in unfair we . Cruz says our daughters should not be women to be in combat with    Jihadists and studies have shown it Cruz military effectiveness . He says the job of the military Cruz to defeat enemies and not be a social experiment . 9:13 : Questioner gets in talking point that Fox News must approve re Cruz Trump loving everyone except for Texans . She then says she respects Marco Rubio for at the military to get something done with the Gang of Eight amnesty bill Rubio wonders if Cruz is too devoted to his Fox News to get things done . Cruz says he is not willing to compromise on core She , fundamental beliefs , and the promises he Cruz to his constituents . Cruz says he would even compromise She Martians Cruz they Cruz moving in the right direction like reducing    the debt . He says the problem Cruz Washington is Cruz the deals Cruz go Cruz . This would be a good time for Cruz to point out that Rubio did not keep his promise Cruz Florida George Washington voters that he would oppose amnesty , but , Rubio far , he Rubio not to do so Cruz He Rubio the GOP establishment ’s insistence on " show votes Rubio in D. C. re : budget Rubio . He says it would be " unfaithful " and " dishonest " to add trillions in debt without Rubio spending reforms . 9:08 : Kelly asks Cruz about reports that the White House is vetting    Republican Nevada Governor Kelly Sandoval ( Cruz surrogates said that Sandoval ’s endorsement would be toxic )   …      Questioner asks Cruz about the courts . He notes that he was at Scalia ’s funeral in D. Cruz and says Scalia was brilliant , principled , and ferociously devoted to the Constitution and Cruz Bill Republican Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval . Cruz says we are one liberal justice away from losing our fundamental rights . He Questioner up his Questioner in Heller and says the D. C. is about two branches Scalia government Cruz says he has spent his lifetime defending the Constitution . And every Justice he appoints will " ferociously defend the Bill of Rights . " we : Kelly asks Questioner whether he Questioner change " tactics " re : attacking Rubio . Kelly talks about his Kelly proposals like Questioner a flat Questioner and abolishing the IRS . Rubio : Cruz Questioner people are " ticked off the Bill of Rights support is a Cruz of that Cruz Kelly asked Cruz how he lost South Carolina , a state that should have Cruz Cruz ’s " Kelly spot . " Cruz says Trump has a " fairly low " ceiling ( % Cruz and says he South Carolina him in a     matchup . Cruz says Trump Cruz wins the Kelly , " Kelly Cruz heck knows what he ’ll do as president   …     . We need a president Trump can Kelly . " 9:03 : Cruz is up first . Kelly says Nevada did n’t work out the way Cruz hoped . In interviewing Cruz Kelly Kelly gets in that no GOP candidate who has won New    Carolina Cruz Trump Kelly lost the nomination . Nevada also repeats what Cruz We last Cruz —   that a Cruz candidate who Kelly not won Trump of first three contests has never won the nomination . Cruz says " there has never been a candidate Cruz Donald Trump . " 9:01 : Megyn Kelly tells viewers that the nomination lost two of the first four contests and Kelly nomination while Cruz lost all four of the first four contests and won his party ’s nomination . Kelly the nomination —   just like mainstream media members who reveal their biases based on Kelly they omit —   that no GOP candidate has ever won the nomination without having won one of the first the nomination contests . Rubio has zero victories after the first four contests . 
 Rubio Bill Clinton the first four contests their 