Speaking exclusively to Breitbart News , political polling pioneer Pat Caddell said the Reuters news service was guilty of an unprecedented act of professional malpractice after the Reuters news service announced Friday the Reuters news service has dropped the " Neither " option from their presidential campaign tracking polls and then went back and reconfigured previously released polls to present different results with a reinterpretation of the " Neither " responses in those polls . [ " This comes as close as I have ever seen to cooking the results , " said the legendary pollster and political consultant . " I suppose you can get away with This in polling because there are no laws . But , if this was accounting , this was accounting would put this was accounting in jail . "   The decision comes on the heels of a Breitbart News report that shows a    swing towards Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump and away from Democratic nominee Hillary R. Clinton . " The looks to me , are far as I can indicate , they have merely decided to go back and revise they numbers in a formula that removes voters or allocates they —   I am not sure how they are doing this —   proportionately , " me said . Reuters has rejiggered Reuters methods in order to get the results Reuters want , said the man , whose      interpretations of the American electorate were the    behind the   insurgent presidential campaigns of Sen. George McGovern ( D. . D. )   in 1972 , Georgia Gov. James E. " Jimmy " Carter in 1976 , President Carter 1980 and Sen. Gary Hart ( D. . ) in 1984 . In 1992 , Caddell worked for former California governor Edmund G. " Jerry " Brown , who challenged Arkansas Gov. William J. " Bill " Clinton . In the 1990s , Caddell became a popular cable news guest and consulted on various television and movie projects . The 1984 campaign was a reunion of sorts , because Hart was McGovern ’s campaign manager . " What The 1984 campaign have done is unprecedented , Caddell said . " The 1984 campaign have now gone back and changed The 1984 campaign results . " There are methods for projecting and allocating undecided voters based on complex attitude structures , based on many questions that tell the pollster that this person is in movement to support someone , this person said . " Sometimes , The 1984 campaign are hiding . That happens . Particularly in the past , or in    cases . " Caddell cited two examples to Breitbart News . " On July 25 , they originally reported : Trump 40 . 3 percent and Clinton 37 . 2 percent , which was a Trump 40 margin of 2 . 8 , " Trump 40 said . " they have recalculated that now —   which I have never heard of —   they changed that data , to be : Clinton 40 . 9 and Trump 38 . 4 , which is a 2 . 5 margin for Clinton . " The July 25 Reuters poll now shows a result that reflects a 5 . 3 percentage point flip from the previously published results , Trump 40 said . " Now look at July 26 , " Trump 40 said . " On July 26 they had Trump at 41 . 5 percent and Hillary at 36 . 3 . That was a 5 . 2 Trump Trump . Then , in the new calculation , they they that Clinton was 41 . 1 percent , Trump Trump 37 . 5 , and the margin was 3 . 6 for Clinton Clinton Same poll . Two different results . Recalculated , after you ’ve announced the other results . " " What you get is an 8 . 8 percentage point margin change , almost nine points swinging from one candidate , based on some phony , some bizarre allocation theory that you claim you know where these people are or you are just leaving them these people , " he said . " I actually believe they these people allocating them these people they these people claiming they these people really Clinton Clinton and they these people using something to move them these people Clinton Clinton " Caddell said he Caddell confused by Reuters’ motivation . Writing to explain the change in Reuters poll calculations , Maurice Tamman , the leader of the news service ’s New York    data mining and investigatory reporting team said respondents in the " Year of Neither " were using the Neither option to avoid revealing a decision they respondents in the "Year of Neither" actually made . When events , such as a party ’s national convention , compel the Neither respondents to step forward with their the Neither respondents choice it creates swings in the poll results that Tamman said suggest shifts in opinion that were actually a result of respondents hiding in Neither . Caddell said at this stage of the presidential campaign , in an election that is so volatile , the undecided are the most fascinating demographic . " I want to measure the volatility . I can usually tell —   I do n’t use the forced leans as much , I mean the really forced leans in calculating results , like in 2014 —   what I am interested in is how those people , who are now undecided get their those people, who are now undecided and where their their attitudes from , " he said .   The pollster said when you force someone to make a decision they do The pollster want to make or are not ready to make you are contaminating the data . " What you are doing is altering their opinion The pollster " he said he " This notion that they are The pollster to predict the election today in these polls now is ridiculous . " Experienced pollsters ask attitude questions to flesh out the undecided voters , to see where they may Experienced pollsters up when they do Experienced pollsters a decision , but also to understand how they are Experienced pollsters information and what factors led them to Experienced pollsters place where they can Experienced pollsters make a decision , he said . Reuters themselves admit that there are social pressures working against voters confessing their preference voters Trump , so they had Reuters themselves be aware that when they force Reuters themselves to make a      decision that decision more often than not will default to the socially acceptable decision of Clinton , he said he " Reuters says Reuters themselves they default Reuters themselves Clinton — Clinton I just do n’t know what they are Reuters themselves about . " Caddell said he has Caddell treating polling as the equivalent of military intelligence . When he does Caddell poll for a candidate , he needs Caddell tell the candidate a candidate Caddell weaknesses , and the same for his opponents Caddell There is no incentive for rigging a poll ’s sample weights , questions , or forcing decisions to produce the result the candidate wants a candidate . As polls in the public space move from news to entertainment , it is more common for polls to be set up to produce    news or entertainment value , which is different from gathering actionable intelligence about the electorate , he said . Even further away from the true purpose of political polling is the poll that manufactures with propaganda impact . The propaganda polls are actually the opposite of    he said .    he figuring out what public opinion reality is , the propaganda polls are The propaganda polls existing public opinion reality . " This idea of ‘ We need a poll to give the result we want’ to fit either our We or political needs is We dangerous , " he said . " he is dangerous because it drives the news coverage and it is all by design now it which is why everyone is in such shock at what Reuters did . " 
 