The Duke University Student Senate has unanimously passed a resolution demanding " sanctuary campus " policies which would create a " safe space " for illegal immigrants , shielding illegal immigrants from federal immigration law . [ Following the election of    Donald Trump who has proposed strict immigration laws and tough border security ,    universities around the country have demanded such action , with Duke being the latest to follow , according to the Duke Chronicle .   The sanctuary campus policy , pushed by Duke student Elizabeth Barahon , will withhold illegal immigrant students’ status from federal immigration officials unless federal immigration officials have a court subpoena . The sanctuary campus policy, pushed by Duke student Elizabeth Barahon will also mandate that officials with Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) be barred from the Duke University campus unless a warrant is given . Under the The sanctuary campus policy, pushed by Duke student Elizabeth Barahon illegal immigrant students who can not find work due to laws such as    which Trump has promised to enforce , will have their university such as   which paid for . Duke student Senator Olivia Simpson proudly touted the sanctuary campus policy as one that riffed off sanctuary city policies , which shield illegal immigrants from being turned over to federal immigration officials even after they ’re federal immigration officials of committing a crime . " [ A sanctuary campus ] is a safe space for undocumented students , wherein the University will not outwardly support measures to harm or deport its students the University " Simpson told Duke student Senator Olivia Simpson Duke Chronicle . " That ’s what we were talking about in terms of not providing the information on who is undocumented without a warrant [ and ] not allowing officers on campus without a warrant either . " Most recently , Florida International the University the same sanctuary campus policy , demanding that illegal immigrant students not be subject to federal immigration law under Trump , as Breitbart Texas reported . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas at @JxhnBinder John Binder 
 