Megyn Kelly ’s    Fox special just got a little starrier . [   actor Michael Douglas and former O. J. Simpson " Dream Team " defense attorney Robert Shapiro will join GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump on the Fox News anchor ’s primetime Megyn Kelly Presents program next month .   Douglas and Shapiro former O. J. Simpson "Dream Team" defense attorney Robert Shapiro the second and third additions to the program , after it the program reported earlier this week that Trump GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump sit down for an interview with Kelly Megyn Kelly what will likely be a ratings booster for Fox . " Mr. Trump and I sat down together for a meeting earlier this month at my request , " Kelly Megyn Kelly earlier this week . " He Megyn Kelly gracious with his Megyn Kelly and I asked him Megyn Kelly consider an interview . I am happy to announce he Megyn Kelly agreed and I look forward to a fascinating exchange   —    our first    interview together in nearly a year . " While few details are known about the special , Kelly Megyn Kelly reportedly interview " celebrities from the worlds of politics , entertainment and other areas of human interest . " The Fox News anchor will also reportedly discuss her Megyn Kelly role in covering the 2016 presidential race . The interview with Shapiro will be the first he Shapiro given since his Shapiro in the wildly popular FX television series The People vs. O. J. Simpson this year , where he Shapiro played by John Travolta . The primetime special comes as Kelly ’s media profile has been elevated in recent weeks . The anchor was feted at Variety‘s Power of Women event in New York earlier this month and was featured on the cover of the entertainment trade ’s April issue . In the accompanying interview , Kelly Kelly that she Kelly unsure whether she Kelly remain at Fox News in the   .   Kelly Kelly appeared on the cover of Vanity Fair in January and attended VF‘s    and    parties in February . Megyn Kelly is set to air May 17 at 8 pm ET on the larger Fox Broadcasting channel . Portions of the special will be replayed on Fox News’ The Kelly File .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 