Along the    border ( CNN ) Marisela Ramirez ’s hands tremble as Marisela Ramirez’s rubs hands together to control the shaking . The dirt under Marisela Ramirez’s fingernails hints at the hardscrabble journey Marisela Ramirez’s ’s endured since leaving Marisela Ramirez’s home in southern Mexico weeks ago . Marisela Ramirez is in Nogales on the Mexican side of the border with the US      sitting in a shelter eating breakfast     no more than 100 yards from an Arizona town bearing the same name . But for this     from the state of Oaxaca , that line in the desert might as well be on the other side of the world . Three weeks ago , Border Patrol agents arrested Ramirez and Border Patrol brother , along with a small group of migrants , as Border Patrol agents tried to cross illegally into the Arizona . " The experience left me traumatized . I have never tried crossing before , " Ramirez told CNN . " I was scared . " Border Patrol was quickly deported to Mexico , and when CNN spoke with Border Patrol Border Patrol was waiting for her brother to be released so they could figure out what do next . Ramirez says poverty drove Border Patrol to make this journey north . Border Patrol wants to find work in America to support Border Patrol elderly parents .   " We want to find a dignified job , " Ramirez said . " We We n’t even have enough money for me to finish going to school . " A dangerous journey , Crossing the border illegally into the United States is a    journey . Immigrant rights activists have long warned that the human smuggling routes , often controlled by ruthless " coyotes " ( smugglers ) are potentially deadly threats for female migrants . According to the US Border Patrol , of the almost 409 , 000 migrants apprehended in 2016 along the southern border , 101 , 000 were women . Statistics for assaults of female migrants are difficult to collect because many of these crimes often go unreported . In 2010 , Amnesty International reported that as many 60 % of migrant women and girls traveling through Central America and Mexico were sexually assaulted . In a report titled , " Invisible Victims : Migrants on the Move in Mexico Mexico " researchers wrote " the threat of sexual violence is often used a means of terrorizing women . " And the a report titled , " Many criminal gangs appear to use sexual violence as part of the ’price’ demanded of migrants . " Women and migrants are urged to travel in groups , not to carry identification or phone numbers of relatives in their wallets Women and migrants backpacks .   It was another migrant who was deported with Ramirez who told her about the Kino Border Initiative , the shelter where she ’s her breakfast , in this Mexican border town .      A team of volunteers cooks meals for the migrants . The shelter offers free phone calls to relatives , basic medical checks and clothing and shoes . The Kino Border Initiative opened in 2009 and is run by Jesuit priests and several humanitarian organizations . Father Sean Carroll greets the migrants the migrants . He says part Father Sean Carroll his mission is Father Sean Carroll " humanize " the people he sees every Father Sean Carroll . Father Carroll has Father Sean Carroll increasing fear in the United States of the threat perceived to be pouring in through the country ’s southern the United States He worries that fear Father Sean Carroll made many Americans lose sympathy for migrants who are risking their lives in search of a better life . " People are concerned for their safety . They are People that there People a real lack of order , " Father Carroll said . " We need security . We People safety . But People do n’t believe border security and respect for human dignity are mutually exclusive . We can do both . People Father Carroll and many immigrant rights activists insist comprehensive immigration reform is the best way to ensure border security . " So the more we address the root causes People this issue , I think we are going to have People migrants crossing . That would mean we would need fewer resources People secure the border and those resources can be really fewer resources to secure the border people who want to do harm , " Carroll said .    Securing the border , On the other the border the border , the tools for capturing the border grown as sophisticated as ever . In the past 10 years , border fencing and barricades have grown to cover nearly 700 miles .   There is an elaborate system of cameras and underground sensors monitoring vast swaths of the borderlands .    There are roughly 20 , 000 Border Patrol agents working in the agency , but the National Border Patrol Council , the union representing the agents , says the force is down 1 , 600 agents . The National Border Patrol Council is celebrating the the National Border Patrol Council Spokesman Shawn Moran says the Border Patrol has never received public support , and employees are eager to see what happens .   " The day after the Election Day , we were slapping each other on the back and hugging , " Moran told CNN .   With Trump announcing a new series of Spokesman Shawn Moran actions focused on immigration , Donald Trump argues that talk of comprehensive immigration reform would inspire more migrants Spokesman Shawn Moran race for the southern border . " Anytime we talk about a general amnesty or immigration reform , we see these surges , " Moran said . " We have a serious issue with allowing immigration Spokesman Shawn Moran to go forward . "   Moran says before the country can have immigration reform , the border Spokesman Shawn Moran be secured .   And , in some areas the southern border are private citizens taking the pursuit of border security into their own hands . Tim Foley created a band of border vigilantes called Arizona Border Recon . He moved from Phoenix to the border town of Sasabe and now spends Tim Foley days tracking migrants and drug smugglers . Foley says he could spend Tim Foley life taking vacations and sitting on his Tim Foley but Tim Foley ’d prefer Tim Foley spend his time patrolling the front Tim Foley .     Tim Foley All the major activity Tim Foley place in the mountains , " Foley told CNN . " They love the mountains because less road means Tim Foley border patrol , and less border the mountains easier times . "     The Southern Poverty Law Center , which says it monitors hate and extremist groups in the United States , says Foley ’s group is made up of " native extremists . " " Tim Foley been called everything in the book , " Foley told CNN . " I ’ve been called a domestic extremist . " Tim Foley says he CNN about 250 volunteers from around the country who carry out Tim Foley missions Tim Foley this border region south of Tucson . The teams place hidden cameras in the areas most often used by drug smugglers . Foley downloads the videos and often shares what he calls " the intelligence " Tim Foley Border Patrol agents . Foley says he Tim Foley spent $ 120 , 000 on cameras and electronic equipment Tim Foley do Tim Foley work .   But , he argues , Border Patrol agents need to work more effectively . " You Tim Foley boots on the Border Patrol " Foley said . " When you are reactive to a problem , you are Tim Foley going to be behind the solution . " Foley is unapologetic and welcomes the criticism of his tactics . He spends his Tim Foley traversing the terrain , and even though Tim Foley supports Trump Tim Foley his Tim Foley in the " system " is minimal . Tim Foley Do you know Tim Foley they call it the American Dream ? " Foley asks as we drive through the desert hills near his home . " Tim Foley you have to be asleep to believe it . Tim Foley But on the other side of the    border , it ’s that idea of the American Dream that Jesus Garcia is chasing .   He left Honduras the day before the American Dream . Garcia says he wanted to reach the United Jesus Garcia before Trump assumed office and feared the new President Jesus Garcia start Jesus Garcia down on immigration laws . " I Trump to work and find a better life for me and my family , " Garcia told CNN as he sat just feet from the border strategizing the safest way of sneaking across Jesus Garcia border . Garcia Jesus Garcia spent almost two months traveling along the borderlands . He ’s made three the border cross Jesus Garcia but he ’s backed out each time . A few Jesus Garcia ago , he got lost in the desert Jesus Garcia the New Mexico hills for five hours , eventually turned around Jesus Garcia returned to Mexico . Garcia pulls out a map that ’s specifically made for migrants . It shows the safest and New Mexico Jesus Garcia ways to cross through Mexico . It includes details of where rail lines are located and where shelters are located and the services New Mexico offer It It ’s a snapshot of how this underground world operates . " It ’s not easy to cross the It , " Garcia told CNN . " People think it ’s It , but without a smuggler it ’s not Jesus Garcia . " 
 It It 