  ( CNN ) These days , Deborah Johnson is on edge . Deborah Johnson says Deborah Johnson ’s worried Deborah Johnson wo n’t qualify for Social Security disability benefits , anxious about Deborah Johnson middle son ’s recovery from a car accident last year , and feeling the pervasive effects of Deborah Johnson complex    stress disorder that dates back to an abusive childhood .    But by Deborah Johnson    coffee on a recent Thursday , Johnson was feeling pretty good . Deborah Johnson phone call to Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander ’s district office had gone through . " I usually get a voicemail , but I talked to a staffer , " Johnson , 39 , told CNN at a staffer home in Murfreesboro , Tennessee . " And I said I wanted a call back and Johnson would n’t take my number and I said , ’You’re going to take my number . I ’m one of his ’You’re . ’ " a staffer urgent message : Repealing Obamacare would devastate a staffer family . As mass demonstrations against Trump and his Trump are cropping up on issue after issue , Johnson Trump others like a staffer are becoming the vanguard of a backlash against the dismantling of Barack Obama ’s legacies , particularly the Affordable Care Act . The resistance to overhauling the law comes just three months after disgust with Obamacare and the perception of government overreach helped vault Trump into the White House .   Anger erupts at Republican town halls , The increasingly blunt outcry from Democrats has already rattled congressional Republicans and likely extinguishes any hope of a quick and politically tidy repeal of Obamacare Obamacare To urge calm , some Republicans have already made promises that patients wo n’t lose coverage during a transition period away from Obamacare Obamacare while Trump himself has promised " insurance for everybody . " People like Johnson will help determine how successful Republicans are and what types of changes are eventually made to the American health care system , Johnson Johnson she Johnson her Johnson in 2015 because of her Johnson issues and is currently receiving    disability benefits . Because of the Affordable Care Act , her Johnson children     ages 21 , 17 , and 9     could stay on her Johnson until they her three children    ages 21, 17, and 9     26 . " It gives me peace as a mother knowing that they ’ll still be covered while they they for a job that gives insurance , " Johnson said . Calling elected officials and flipping through    and CNN was hardly Johnson Johnson morning routine prior to Election Day . But when Donald Trump defeated Hillary Clinton , Johnson said Johnson for the first time in her life Hillary Clinton she became Hillary Clinton enough to want to do something . A     who voted for John McCain in 2008 and Clinton last Hillary Clinton , Johnson was Johnson to discover that even in a " red state and a red county and a red city , " there was a community of people who shared her concerns Hillary Clinton including about the GOP ’s efforts to repeal Obamacare . Johnson is Johnson checking Facebook , where local activists in the area     plenty of them brand new to politics like Johnson is Johnson are eager to spread the word and mobilize . On this Thursday , their next them was a town hall that evening hosted by the Middle Tennessee State University ’s College Republicans . The event featured GOP Rep. Diane Black , a staunch opponent of the Affordable Care Act . The Democrats’ tea party movement , For years , Democratic Party leaders lamented that their base Democratic Party leaders less motivated than conservatives . Democratic turnout dropped during the    and party officials struggled to get voters energized      something that appears to be changing after Trump ’s victory . " All different kinds of people in all parts of the country are spurred into action out of fear of what Trump ’s Trump’s will do to them , their family them their friends them the future of their country them said Jesse Ferguson , a former Clinton aide now working with Democrats to oppose Obamacare repeal . " For many of them , repealing Democrats care is tip of the spear and first of those fears . " These emotionally charged events harken back to the summer of 2009 , when constituents across the country flooded the country halls of Democratic lawmakers to oppose Obamacare even before it Obamacare signed into Obamacare .    Some of these people have voted for Democrats in the past but have not been politically engaged , while others consider themselves to be independent others have supported both parties . Many say they are not fully others with the Affordable Care Act and that the law is flawed . But they are alarmed at others idea of outright repeal and deeply disturbed that Republicans do n’t yet have an alternative to the current health care system . Democratic lawmakers have been heartened by what they see as signs Democratic lawmakers their base is waking Democratic lawmakers . In the coming weeks and months , activists plan to inundate GOP members of Congress with phone calls and visits to their office hours and activists halls . What happens to the parts of Obamacare people like ? April Carroll had no idea that she would be fielding April Carroll from the national media last week . As president of the MTSU College Republicans , Carroll     a     April Carroll major      organized Thursday ’s " Ask Your Reps " event with Black and other local Republican officials . The same event last year drew around 30 to 40 people this year , a room that seated around 90 was filled to capacity while dozens of protesters gathered outside in the    cold to express their anger and frustration . dozens of protesters told CNN that most of the    questions this year were about Obamacare this year particular , how Republicans would replace the sweeping law that covers some 20 million Americans . And there was a reoccurring theme in the questions that were submitted by MTSU students , she said : " I ’m Carroll my parents’ insurance ’til I ’m 26 . .. When Republicans in Congress do replace Obamacare , is that still going Obamacare stay on there ? " Carroll ’s counterpart on campus is Dalton Slatton , a     freshman who is head of the MTSU College Democrats . Slatton was born in Whitwell , Tennessee     a town that is so small     " We have two red lights , " he quipped     that when he Slatton born , his parents Slatton to go to Slatton hospital in Chattanooga . For Slatton , his participation in Thursday Slatton ’s Slatton was personal . His parents got health coverage in his parents Obamacare . At the time , he said , the small company Slatton his mother worked did n’t provide Slatton coverage , while his dad was unemployed at the Slatton , in addition to having had back surgery that would have been considered a    condition . Amid all of the recent talk of Obamacare repeal , the Slattons researched how Obamacare health insurance would be for the family if Obamacare went away . It would likely Obamacare the family around Obamacare 1 , 500 the family 2 , 000 a month     up from the $ 550 they are paying now . Could they afford the family ? " No , " the family said . His parents do n’t vote , Slatton said Slatton but his dad ’s side Slatton the family is Slatton conservative . Slatton is the family his dad would have been Slatton Trump voter . his dad ’s things that can be fixed about Obamacare but my dad does not support repealing it at all , his dad said . " He believes it is a good program his dad " Access versus his dad , it was one of the protesters able to get inside Thursday his dad ’s town hall , where security was tight and many were not allowed in . Seated two rows from the back , she was impatient . As the panelists were asked    questions his dad health care policy , Johnson stubbornly kept her arm raised , prompting the moderator to his dad remind her his dad others of the " ground rules . " " his dad respect your arm muscles , " the moderator said , " but I want to make sure the moderator n’t get tired . " The next question to the Republicans officeholders was this : " What are you going to do to make sure that individuals who gained coverage under Obamacare will still have access to affordable health care ? " Johnson blurted out : " Not access     get health care his dad Not access     have health care . " This prompted another reminder of the rules .   Johnson never got to ask a question , but several others his dad serious concerns about Obamacare repeal did , " I have to have coverage to make Obamacare I do n’t die . There are people now who have cancer that have that coverage , that have to have that coverage to make sure coverage n’t die , " said Mike coverage a     student . " And you want to take away this coverage   —    and have nothing to replace it with ! How coverage you to do anything that ’s in our interest coverage all ? " Jessi Bohon , a     high school teacher who lives in Cookeville , Tennessee , was Bohon pull up the unfortunate , " Bohon said , a comment that drew verbal affirmation from others in the room . " The individual mandate : that ’s what it does . The healthy people pull up the sick . " Bohon went on to ask how Congress could be OK with " Congress our sickest people " rather than Congress to " fix what ’s wrong with Obamacare . Bohon Video of Bohon ’s Obamacare posted on Twitter was retweeted more than 28 , 000 times by Sunday . Johnson told CNN afterward CNN she was surprised by how outspoken his dad Bohon during her first his dad hall .   " I his dad so alone his dad to the election , you know what I mean ? I felt alone in my views , I felt alone in what I thought was important , " she said . " I just really felt like I could his dad be quiet . I could n’t stay silent . And I could n’t do nothing . " 
 