GOP nominee Donald Trump took apart malfunctioning teleprompters at a rally in Charlotte , N. C. and turned the scene into a demonstration of GOP nominee Donald Trump promised ability to make government less costly . [ " Many people in this room are making less money than 20 years ago , 18 years ago , 25 years ago , in real wages , " GOP nominee Donald Trump told the cheering crowd . " the cheering crowd ’re working harder —   so am I , so I do n’t feel so guilty about that , " GOP nominee Donald Trump joked . " This is good work , because we ’re getting to a position where we can win North Carolina , and we ’re leading in Ohio    …      And we ’re doing great in Florida , doing great . we are doing so great in Florida . "   " By the way , these teleprompters have n’t been working for the last 20 minutes , " GOP nominee Donald Trump said . " And I actually like my speech better without teleprompters . And this way , what I like about my speech —   wait a minute , let me see how this   …     " GOP nominee Donald Trump trailed off and appeared to pull one off my speech stand . " You know what ? I like it better without the teleprompter , " GOP nominee Donald Trump said . " And I notice , every time I look up , they ’re trying , it ’s straining , it ’s straining , " GOP nominee Donald Trump said . " Hey ! Get this thing out of here , will you ? Get this thing out . I like this thing much better without the teleprompter . " " You know , it the teleprompter very funny . I went through 17 professional politicians , top people , and I went without any teleprompters , " GOP nominee Donald Trump continued . " Then , all of a sudden . they said : ‘ they , now you are running in the election , you need teleprompters,’ And I like teleprompters , they they fine , but it ’s sort of cooler without it it Right ? " he said as his he cheered . " And it ’s a little strange with this glass , " he he , gesturing towards the teleprompters " I watch Hillary and she ’s Hillary the biggest pieces of glass . They ’re painted black on the other side because you see better . And she always Hillary reads off the teleprompter . And it ’s the teleprompter , and then she goes Hillary and goes to sleep . " She ’s Hillary , she ’s Hillary going to campaign anymore until after [ the debate ] because she ’s Hillary prepping for the debate.’ Now , the last time she prepped Hillary a week also , let ’s face it , I have to say , I really beat her easily Hillary That was an easy one . " Trump then walked to the other side of the stage and unscrewed the glass top of the remaining teleprompter . He smiled Trump the crowd , walked back to the podium , and held the glass up to his face Trump setting it on the glass ground . " So here ’s the story —   here ’s the way government works , Trump said Trump " So the telemprompter is a bummer . It does the telemprompter work . That means the company doing the telepromompter is in the back . That means they did n’t do a good job . So I wo n’t pay them . they wo n’t pay them . they " And tomorrow , I ’ll have a story in the newspaper : ‘ Donald Trump Trump pay a contractor who put up the teleprompters,’ " he said in Trump mocking , pompous voice . " Well , why should I ? They do n’t work ! And they ’ll make They [ out ] like a bad guy , like I ’m a bad person , right ? " " But when you have a bum contractor —   now here ’s the thing . You have a bad contractor , do n’t pay or cut the price . If you have a good contractor , get that money out fast . But the country should do the same thing . " 
 