  ( CNN ) The Joint Chiefs of Staff are finalizing a classified military strategy The Joint Chiefs of Staff plan to present to    Donald Trump detailing the military challenges to the US , Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein said Saturday . The classified report has been underway for months , and is spearheaded by General Joseph Dunford , chairman of The Joint Chiefs of Staff . Key commanders such as General Joseph Votel , head of Central Command and others have also been involved . The report The classified report created specifically ffor Trump , but for whomever the next president would be .   The five threats     posed by Iran , North Korea , China , Russia and violent extremism     are detailed in annexes to the classified report The classified report no formal military responses and options detailed . The idea is that this will lay the groundwork for key decisions on spending , size of the military and readiness that Trump will have to make . The report was being prepared The classified report whom won the election . " Under the leadership of General Dunford and all the chiefs and combatant commanders , have come together over a period of the last several months and have produced a classified national military strategy that will be presented to the President and the new team , " Goldfein said , speaking at the Reagan National Defense Forum . " It ’s one of the first times we actually done a classified military strategy with an annex that we have focused on the five we challenges . " It is not clear if the final version will be presented to President Barack Obama before he leaves office in January . President Barack Obama gave remarks at thenational defense forum as well , saying that Trump has indicated he wants a review of the Trump against ISIS and that he and other officials met with Trump transition team Wednesday to begin the conversation about possible changes .   Dunford told the audience that " Dunford there is anything I ’ll tell you is that we are never complacent about where we are against the threat of we Islamic State . "   He also said while " significant Dunford " has been made against ISIS limiting the territory it holds and disrupting its external ISIS " there are ISIS things that we would probably bring in to the new administration for consideration . " Goldfein ’s comments were in response to audience questions about growing concerns about North Korea ’s nuclear weapons development program . " That work is now approaching completion , " Goldfein said . " There is Goldfein North Korea annex that is a North Korea’s that strategy that we are putting forward that the    will have a chance to look at . " " It is troubling to see the continuation of movement towards trying to get access to a nuclear weapon , " Goldfein added . Goldfein would not Goldfein on indications Goldfein Korea may be planning an underground North Korea’s . " We do n’t know if we have that framework exactly right , because We could suggest that perhaps we are not the best at predicting the We war , what we found as Joint Chiefs is that if We are ready for these then we are We ready as a pacing option We ensure that this military is ready to be able to support the President with whatever decisions he chooses to make . " On Iran the President Goldfein underscored US military concerns go beyond any potential Iranian nuclear program . " With respect to Iran specifically , we are quite concerned with Iran continued malign activity that Iran is engaged in across the region . Iran When asked his view about what might happen if a the President Administration backs out the Iran nuclear deal , Goldfein noted there will Iran be    options Goldfein deal with Iran . " Very often we tend to Iran through the military lens first and we ask the question through what the military could do , " Goldfein said , suggesting there could still be Goldfein and economic pressure applied to Iran . He offered no opinion on whether Iran thought Goldfein deal should be scrapped . Goldfein the Iran nuclear deal 