New York   ( CNN ) The Trump administration ’s order banning passengers from major airports in the Middle East and North Africa from flying with electronic devices on board is not even a day old and board impact is already being felt . Through WhatsApp and iMessage , New York  (CNN) asked travelers who would be coming in from the 10 airports covered by the ban how travelers who would be coming in from the 10 airports covered by the ban ’d be affected . This is what travelers who would be coming in from the 10 airports covered by the ban said :   travelers who would be coming in from the 10 airports covered by the ban ’re worried about long flights with restless children , Marissa and Adam Goldstein are from Boston but live in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam . travelers who would be coming in from the 10 airports covered by the ban ’ll be flying with travelers who would be coming in from the 10 airports covered by the ban twin daughters , Eyva and Noa .    " travelers who would be coming in from the 10 airports covered by the ban ’ll be flying Emirates on Monday through Dubai with travelers who would be coming in from the 10 airports covered by the ban twin     daughters . This will be hard as I was going to have our twin    daughters use travelers who would be coming in from the 10 airports covered by the ban iPad to keep our twin    daughters occupied . Also , travelers who would be coming in from the 10 airports covered by the ban use travelers who would be coming in from the 10 airports covered by the ban laptops for work on these long flights ! "   Others said the same thing : " I ’m flying with TWO toddlers on a    flight through Morocco from Italy and now Others can have no iPad ? No Kindle to read ? I mean this is ridiculous , " one wrote . Others fret about lost productivity , Syed Hussain lives in the San Francisco Bay Area . Syed Hussain travels regularly to the United Arab Emirates and said Syed Hussain normally works 10 hours of the    flight . " [ This ] sends a very negative message to people like Syed Hussain who want to explore business opportunities between North America and Middle East , " Syed Hussain said . Another person wrote : " Will the US government pay for the day of work I will lose when I fly ? Do n’t think so ! ! ! " the US government worry about the safety of sensitive info on the US government electronic devices   People have entrusted Matthew Schweitzer with People lives Matthew Schweitzer takes that responsibility very seriously .   On Matthew Schweitzer laptop , the American researcher for the Education for Peace in Iraq Center has days of interviews and testimony from Iraqis living under and fighting ISIS .   " interviews and testimony from Iraqis living under and fighting ISIS , if leaked , could put those ( people ) in grave danger for reprisals and exploitation , " Matthew Schweitzer said .   " I can not risk these data being stolen or falling into the wrong hands . " It ’s common policy for businesses to require employees with confidential or sensitive information on their businesses to keep the devices with them businesses all times .   " My company ’s policy requires that we take company laptops as    to prevent theft , " said Morgan , who works in the oil and gas industry .   CNN is not using her full name because she her not authorized by her her to speak to the media .    Her her ’s travel policy says employees must take the cheapest and most direct route it Her company’s travel policy unclear if the electronics ban will change that . In an industry in which success is tied to volatile oil prices , increased travel expenses could reverberate through a company ’s bottom line . They ’re wary of lost items , Tugbek Olek , a Turkish entrepreneur , attends the E3 Expo in Los Angeles every June and brings a lot of electronics . He said he He he He go this year if the ban remains in place . " We ’re not going to check in 20 K worth of electronics , " he He .    Warren , an employee at a New    travel agency , said his He clients are very upset .   CNN is not using Warren ’s full name because he Warren not authorized by his Warren to speak with the media .    " One concern is they are not going to be able to work , " he Warren by phone .       One concern Warren have     as do many others reaching out to CNN CNN is that their items may be lost , stolen or damaged in their checked baggage . their James Buck , a professional photographer currently in Beirut , planned to board his flight home to Vermont with his camera equipment : his values it at his his year ’s salary his Buck has only a his case for the equipment . Checking his camera equipment he needs a hard his to try to protect it during baggage handling . it Despite his best efforts , his could not find his hard case and had to settle for a Tupperware box .    They do n’t know how family members with autism will cope   In a couple of weeks , Nayef ’s     sister     who has autism     will now have to board a flight without her laptop , DVDs and Nayef’s     games . Nayef , who asked that his last name not be Nayef’s     , said the electronics help " keep her emotional problems relatively at Nayef’s     . " The   ban includes exemptions for medical devices , but it ’s unclear if Nayef The  ban sister ’s electronics could be considered medical .    They just have a lot Nayef’s sister’s electronics could be considered medical questions , Dozens of travelers have contacted us asking if they are going to be Dozens of travelers . " I have a connecting flight through Dubai , will I be affected ? " " I ’m a US citizen . Does this apply to me ? " " I never check in luggage , am I going to have to check in a bag just for my laptop ? For some answers , check out our story on what you us to know . Share your story : WhatsApp or our story at +   
 