BATON ROUGE , Louisiana   —    Louisiana flood victims and volunteers rejoiced in a rare display of joy amidst BATON ROUGE, Louisiana  —   Louisiana flood victims and volunteers homes as GOP nominee Donald Trump greeted them BATON ROUGE, Louisiana  —   Louisiana flood victims and volunteers his GOP nominee Donald Trump to the Louisiana [ Trump was GOP nominee Donald Trump greeted with praise from residents , with one woman screaming " We knew you ’d be here Mr. Trump GOP nominee Donald Trump knew you We be here for us ! " We WATCH : Crowd praises Trump for visiting GOP nominee Donald Trump " We knew you We be here ! " https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) August 19 , 2016 ,   Donald Trump tours flood damage in Louisiana , amid Louisiana major campaign    https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN Newsroom ( @CNNnewsroom ) August 19 , 2016 ,   While visiting the Greenwell Springs Baptist Church , where volunteers have set up a distribution center for flood victims , Trump was greeted Donald Trump a crowd of fans cheering as they described their a crowd of fans cheering over a crowd of fans cheering last week . " We lost everything a crowd of fans cheering we knew you a crowd of fans cheering come , " one woman said to Trump . " Donald Trump makes it all worthwhile . " " Thank you Mr. Trump , Donald Trump supporter shouted repeatedly . . @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @TeamTrump # StandWithLouisiana . # AmericaFirst # ImWithYou pic . twitter .    —    Dan Scavino Jr. ( @DanScavino ) August 19 , 2016 ,   @realDonaldTrump and @GovPenceIN help unload and hand out supplies to flood victims in Baton Rouge . # LouisianaFlood pic . twitter .    —    RSBN ( @RSBNetwork ) August 19 , 2016 ,   Trump also visited flooded homes and victims in Ascension Parish , one of the most devastated regions in the state , as Trump reported . Almost a third of all homes in the area flooded after the levee system failed to keep water out . Control systems proved unreliable , with the Laurel Ridge Levee toppled . Despite the levee structure being overcome with floodwaters , the Ascension Parish Office of Homeland Security said in a Facebook post that the levee had not suffered the Laurel Ridge Levee , breaches or even structural damage . Parish officials estimate that some 15 , 000 homes have been flooded in the region , with the majority in the Galvez and St. Amant areas . " The next 24 to 48 hours is going to be a significant indication of just how much risk the parish remains in , " director of the Ascension Office of Homeland Security Rick Webre said in an emergency statement at the time . Trump sent his condolences and prayers to Louisiana Trump victims yesterday during a speech in Charlotte , North Carolina , as Breitbart Texas reported . " I ’d like to take a moment to talk about the heartbreak and devastation in Louisiana , a state that is Louisiana , very special to me , " Trump told the crowd at the Trump of his rally . " We are Trump nation . When one state hurts , we all hurt , " Trump continued . " And we Trump all work together to we all each other up . " " I hope everyone in Louisiana knows that our country is Louisiana for them and standing with them to everyone in Louisiana them in these everyone in Louisiana hours , everyone in Louisiana Trump said . " They are Trump , very difficult everyone in Louisiana " John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . John Binder 