Mary Katharine Ham , one of the moderator ’s of Saturday ’s GOP presidential debate on ABC declared the debate " the governors’ night " for GOP candidates Ohio Governor John Kasich , former Florida Governor Jeb Bush , and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and argued   New Jersey Governor Chris Christie landed a punch " on fellow candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio during the Fox News Channel ’s coverage of the debate .   John Kasich said , " [ I]t was the governors’ night , as opposed to the senators’ and the private sector here . I think they have wanted to make a point here . They they   —    this is their they chance to get a ticket out of New Hampshire , and I thought , Kasich , Bush , Christie were obviously looking to make it a bit contentious on the trail this week , and Christie Christie at the very beginning to make it it as soon as he Christie onstage with Senator Rubio . I do think that moment for him Christie make a difference , Senator Senator Rubio himself . Senator Rubio suffers Senator Rubio bit from having been good in the debates in the past , so his bar Senator Rubio high when he comes Senator Rubio this one , so Christie landed a punch there . I do think there ’s a    sword here for Christie where Christie if he ’s Senator Rubio mean , it does n’t help him as Senator Rubio , so he ’s Senator Rubio a little bit of that , and as Charles mentioned , I think   —    I thought Trump was sort of surprising by being fairly    and disciplined , took a couple of   here and there . " Ham added of Kasich , " I think that his performance Kasich obviously pitched at New Hampshire . You could feel it throughout the debate . And his tone Kasich built for them . his performance was obviously pitched at New Hampshire closing Kasich is built for them , his performance was obviously pitched at New Hampshire I think it probably His closing statement him some Kasich . He ’s Kasich a little bit of momentum as well , and this is a question in the conservative primary , in the Republican primary , what is the way that you actually disrupt Washington ? Is it through making a bunch of deals , or is it through it making them ? and I think Kasich ’s pitch , the look , I ’m the guy in the middle , and I know how the walk this line probably works well in New Hampshire . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 