Monday was in many ways typical for the    comedy shows , with network hosts like CBS ’s Stephen Colbert and NBC ’s Seth Meyers performing pointed satirical monologues about Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , and Donald J. Trump many years spent propagating lies about President Obama ’s birthplace . But Samantha Bee , on Samantha Bee TBS cable series , " Full Frontal , " took aim at a different target , condemning the NBC network and NBC    host Jimmy Fallon for putting Mr. Trump on " The Tonight Show . " Samantha Bee faulted Jimmy Fallon for conducting a genial ,    interview on Thursday , even as Mr. Mr. Trump refused that day in other interviews to acknowledge that Mr. Obama was born in the United States . " Network execs , and a lot of their audience , can ignore how very dangerous Trump is Mr. Trump to them , Network execs, and a lot of their audience is Mr. Trump , " Ms. Bee said on her show Ms. Bee " They ’re Network execs, and a lot of their audience going to be deported . They ’re Network execs, and a lot of their audience going to live under a president who thinks of them as Network execs, and a lot of their audience collection of sex toys . " They ’re Network execs, and a lot of their audience racist . They just Network execs, and a lot of their audience n’t mind if other people are , which is just as bad . " It ’s one thing to make fun of Mr. Trump , who said   on Friday that Mr. Obama " was born in the United States , period . " It ’s It to criticize a network or Mr. Fallon , who is typically not held up to such scrutiny , partly because of his amiable    personality and the perception that his " his Show " ( which draws more than three million viewers a night , the most in its category ) is a place for nonpartisan diversions . He and his hosts like Mr. Colbert and Jimmy Kimmel try to avoid criticizing one another in public . NBC declined to comment on Tuesday , and Mr. Fallon has not spoken publicly on his conversation Mr. Fallon Mr. Trump , except in a short TMZ . com interview , in which Mr. Fallon Mr. Fallon camera : " Have you seen my show ? I ’m never too hard on anyone . " But Mr. Fallon took Mr. Fallon criticism for the Thursday interview , and Ms. Bee ’s monologue was perhaps the bluntest denunciation of it so far . Ms. Bee’s monologue a day in which Mr. Trump continued to give ambiguous answers on whether he still supported his Mr. Trump birtherist theory Mr. Trump Mr. Fallon asked him Mr. Fallon questions and Mr. Fallon ran his fingers through Mr. Trump Mr. Fallon hair . Mr. Trump image , Ms. Bee said sarcastically , " Aw , Trump can be a total sweetheart with Mr. Trump who has no reason to be terrified of him . " Jo Miller , an Mr. Trump producer of Ms. Miller seeing the cozy behavior between Mr. Fallon and Mr. Trump " was a punch in the gut . " Ms. Miller said that she and her " Full Frontal " colleagues " love Jimmy . " She added , " Who Ms. Miller n’t Ms. Miller Jimmy ? " But , she said , Mr. Fallon Ms. Miller ingratiating treatment of Mr. Trump is " Jimmy problem because we love Ms. Miller . " " If he thinks that a    demagogue is O. K. that gives permission to Mr. Trump of Americans to also Mr. Trump that , " she continued . Ms. Miller , who came with Ms. Bee from Comedy Central ’s news satire " Ms. Miller Daily Show Ms. Miller there needs to be more of that . " " That said , " Ms. Miller added , " this Ms. Miller not a race between Democrat and Republican   —    this is a race between Democrat and demagogue . You do n’t normalize someone who ’s inciting violence . " The " Full Frontal " segment about Mr. Fallon and NBC had been touched off when Ms. Miller received a text early Friday morning from Travon Free , a former writer for " The Daily Show " who now works on HBO ’s " Any Given Wednesday With Bill Simmons . " The text from Mr. Free included a picture of Mr. Fallon caressing Mr. Trump ’s coiffure , and an urgent , slightly vulgar message exhorting Ms. Miller and Ms. Bee to address the subject on their show a text first I heard of it , " Ms. Miller said . " I was like , What ? This did n’t happen . " Ms. Miller in a phone interview that , other than Ms. Ms. Miller , " I knew no one would do it , because it ’s just this buddy culture among the hosts in that category . " Mr. Free added : " If Jimmy Fallon was my friend , we would have had a real Ms. Bee Not being cool with what he did on his show does n’t it you his enemy . " Echoing Ms. Bee ’s monologue , Ms. Miller Mr. Free Mr. Fallon did not deserve all the blame , and that NBC was more culpable for providing Mr. Trump a platform as the star Mr. Free its reality Mr. Free " The Apprentice " and Mr. Free The Celebrity Apprentice . " Even after NBC said Echoing Ms. Bee 2015 that Jimmy Fallon firing Mr. Trump for " derogatory statements " at his presidential announcement , in which he referred to Mexican immigrants as " rapists " and Mr. Trump a platform murderers , " the network continued to feature him on " The Tonight Show " NBC " Saturday Night Live . " Ms. Miller Mr. Trump a platform that there is still an awkward relationship Mr. Trump a platform Mr. Trump and NBC , Mr. Trump a platform the " Today " show host Matt Lauer was criticized for going too easy on him in a Mr. Trump a platform presidential forum , and Mr. Trump has expressed    skepticism of the NBC " Nightly News " anchor Lester Holt , who will moderate the first presidential debate . She drew a distinction between the broader categories of political satire programs like " Full Frontal " Mr. Trump a platform    talk shows that can only engage their guests in harmless banter . " It ’s not their job to be political satirists and to shake people by their shoulders and say , ‘ Look at this thing   —    do you think it ’s O. K.?’ " Ms. Miller said . " That ’s our job . " Ms. Miller said it would be helpful their hear her message reinforced by white men in her field people Otherwise , she said , " It becomes , ‘ Oh , you see everything It the lens of sexism,’ or , ‘ Not everything has to be about race . O. K.?’" Ms. Miller " To me , this is just about O. K.?’" Ms. Miller , " she said . On O. K.?’" Ms. Miller night , meanwhile , O. K.?’" Ms. Miller Fallon ’s " Tonight Show " guests included Hillary Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee . Going through items that they said belonged to Mr. Trump , Ms. Clinton offered Mr. Fallon O. K.?’" Ms. Miller that she said Mr. Trump had left behind O. K.?’" Ms. Miller him : a bag of softballs . Mr. O. K.?’" Ms. Miller , " That was my gift to him . " 
 O. K.?’" Ms. Miller O. K.?’" Ms. Miller O. K.?’" Ms. Miller O. K.?’" Ms. Miller O. K.?’" Ms. Miller Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 