’   ’ ’    Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin failed to disclose    about $ 100 million in assets and a number of business    directorships to the Senate until the night before ’  ’ ’   Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin    confirmation hearing . ’ "    Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee jumped on this mistake    during Mnuchin ’s confirmation hearing , saying that ’  ’ ’   Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin was    attempting to hide assets from ’  ’ ’   Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin disclosure forms . " ’    Among the assets that Mnuchin failed to disclose included real    estate in New York City , Los Angeles , and Mexico . ’ ’    Additionally , Mnuchin failed to disclose Mnuchin role as director of    a number of investment funds including a subsidiary of Mnuchin hedge    fund based in the Cayman Islands and another in Anguilla . ’ ’    Democrats used the disclosure to question both Mnuchin’ ’s honesty    as well as Mnuchin’ qualification as a representative of the American    public , contrasting Mnuchin’ with Trump’ ’s repeated promise to " drain    the swamp . " ’ ’’ "    Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said that Mnuchin failed to disclose    these holdings until Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden ’s staff brought Mnuchin to the nominee ’s    attention . " ’    " This was not   . The only reason it came to light    was Wyden’s staff found it it told you that it it to be corrected , "    said Wyden , the ranking member on the committee . ’ ’    Mnuchin defended himself Mnuchin saying that the omission was due to    the complexities of the disclosure forms . ’ ’    " I think as you all can appreciate filling out these government    forms is quite complicated , " said Mnuchin Mnuchin " There were many    things I expected in this job including having to sell       , but the amount of paperwork in filling out the forms    . .. was quite a job . " ’ ’    Mnuchin Mnuchin on to say that " any oversight was unintentional " in       to omitted assets . ’ ’    Additionally , Mnuchin Mnuchin the Cayman Island and Anguilla    holding companies by saying the shell companies were created for    his Mnuchin fund to allow certain types of investments for pension    funds and nonprofits . The Treasury nominee said he The Treasury nominee not       from the setup . ’ ’    " Let me just be clear again : I did not use a Cayman Island entity    in any way to avoid taxes for myself The Treasury nominee " said Mnuchin . " I paid US    taxes on all that income . So there was no benefit to me The Treasury nominee the    Cayman entity . " ’ ’    The rest of the hearing was equally as contentious with Democrats    and some Republicans hitting   at a bank owned by his    ,     and   ’ "    This is also the second day in a row a Trump nominee was    questioned for investment disclosures . Trump Trump Health and Human    Services secretary nominee Tom Price was   in healthcare companies    during his Health and Human   Services secretary nominee Tom Price in Congress during his Health and Human   Services secretary nominee Tom Price on Wednesday . " ’Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 