  ( CNN ) House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy has said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy assertion last year that Russian President Vladimir Putin was paying President Donald Trump was merely a bad attempt at humor . " It was a bad attempt at a joke , " House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters leaving the House floor Wednesday , minutes after The Washington Post reported House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy comments from a private Capitol Hill conversation during the 2016 campaign . " That ’s all there is to it , " House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy added . " No one believes it to be true . " But his comments from a private Capitol Hill conversation during the 2016 campaign take on new resonance in the wake of a blockbuster week on Capitol Capitol Hill which news out of the White House is constant and Republican leaders are struggling to protect themselves , Republican leaders     themselves, Republican leaders being swallowed up by the news of the day , The Post reported McCarthy said in a conversation with fellow Republican leaders in 2016 that " there ’s two people I think Putin pays : ( Rep. Dana ) Rohrabacher and Trump , " according to a recording of the June 2016 exchange . Lawmakers laughed at McCarthy ’s 2016 comment McCarthy Post reported before McCarthy added , " swear McCarthy God . " McCarthy and House Speaker Paul McCarthy ’s aides initially denied the story , the Post reported , which Post was because " McCarthy one even remembers it transpiring . " " You no one n’t have a sense of humor anymore ? People are n’t supposed to be able to laugh ? " McCarthy said Wednesday when asked McCarthy he ’d joke about that McCarthy " There ’s a reason why I ’m not a comedian . " The surfacing of the audio Wednesday was just one of several Wednesday stories to break Wednesday . The Post story was Wednesday almost simultaneously with the news that the Department of Justice was appointing former FBI Director Robert Mueller was named as special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election . It followed a long week of The Post story that has gripped the Capitol . On Monday , reports surfaced that Trump had apparently leaked classified information to the Russians during an Oval Office meeting . On Tuesday , the contents of   a memo by former FBI Director James Comey surfaced , alleging that Trump had encouraged Comey to let Trump of an former FBI Director James Comey into Trump ’s former national security adviser Trump Flynn go . On Wednesday , in a closed door meeting with the GOP conference , Ryan encouraged his members to remain " sober " Ryan answering questions about various breaking news reports related to the ongoing investigation into the Trump campaign ’s ties to Russia and Republican     have admitted the volume of news has become distracting at times . RELATED : Frustration with Trump     even among Republicans     mounts on Capitol Hill , During his news conference Thursday morning , Ryan Trump     reporters that " It ’s always nice to have less drama . " " People in the country need to know that we ’re busy at work trying to solve their problems so I realize that there People in the country a lot in the media these days that does n’t seize up Congress . That does n’t stop us from doing our jobs to work on people ’s us , " Ryan said . 
 