WASHINGTON   —    In Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. ’s 11 years on the Supreme Court , his unfolding legacy has been marked by a debate over whether his very occasional liberal votes in major cases were the acts of a statesman devoted to his institution , a traitor to his principles or the legal umpire his said his aspired to be at his confirmation hearings . This election could settle a debate over whether his very occasional liberal votes in major cases were the acts of a statesman devoted to his institution, a traitor to his principles or the legal umpire he said he aspired to be at his confirmation hearings . If Donald J. Trump becomes president and follows through on his Donald J. Trump to appoint a conservative to replace Justice Antonin Scalia , Chief Justice Roberts will continue to lead a court dominated by five conservative justices . But the absence of Justice Scalia , the court ’s longest serving and in some ways most dominant member when he died in February , means Chief Chief Justice Roberts lead Chief Justice Roberts a more assertive way . Were a liberal to replace Justice Scalia   —    whether it was President Obama ’s pick , Judge Merrick B. Garland , or someone named by Hillary Clinton should she win the Hillary Clinton   —    a majority of the justices would be Democratic appointees for the first time in almost 50 years . That would open a new chapter at the court , and leave Chief Justice Roberts , a Republican appointee with a generally conservative voting record , in the minority in many closely divided cases . And it could force him to choose between becoming a marginal figure or concluding that a new era on his court requires him kind of leadership   —    and a move to the left . " It ’s been a long time since there was a chief justice who was in dissent across a wide range of important issues , " said Pamela S. Karlan , a law professor at Stanford . As a practical matter , a chief justice in perpetual dissent would give up a crucial tool : assignment power . When the chief justice is a chief justice in perpetual dissent , he gets to choose who will a chief justice in perpetual dissent the majority opinion . Much can turn on that choice . The alternative is to find ways to vote more often with the majority , and that could the majority toward a liberal outcome . Recent history provides an analogy . Chief Justice Roberts served as a law clerk to Justice William H. Rehnquist in 1980 and 1981 , and he saw a shift in his old Chief Justice Roberts ’s voting patterns after Chief Justice Roberts Ronald Reagan elevated him to chief justice in 1986 . President Ronald Reagan Chief Justice Rehnquist , when he was Justice William H. Rehnquist , was often on Justice William H. Rehnquist losing end of    votes , " said David Strauss , a law professor at the University of Chicago . " When he became chief , he moved conspicuously to the Justice William H. Rehnquist . " Lee Justice William H. Rehnquist , a law professor and political scientist at Washington University in St. Louis , said the data supported that view . Before his elevation , Justice Rehnquist dissented 21 percent of Justice Rehnquist time . Once he became chief justice , the rate dropped to Justice William H. Rehnquist percent . The difference is statistically significant . " Perhaps in an effort to keep control of opinion assignment , Rehnquist dissented less frequently and , as a result Justice Rehnquist moved to the left , " Professor Epstein said . Chief Justice Roberts has used his power vigorously and strategically . He has kept Chief Justice Roberts opinions for himself , partly Chief Justice Roberts shape and hone them and Chief Justice Roberts because it seems fitting for the major opinions for himself justice to speak for the court in big cases . He has assigned other important majority opinions to trusted Chief Justice Roberts , notably Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. If the chief justice is in the minority , the the chief justice to the senior justice in the majority , meaning the one with the longest tenure . That role would fall to Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg on a court with five Democratic appointees in cases where justices split along ideological lines . " We may have , de facto , the first female chief justice , " said Akhil Reed Amar , a law professor at Yale . In an interview in July , Justice Ginsburg seemed eager to take on a larger role should Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg another Democratic appointee join the court . " It means that I ’ll be among five a court than among four , " she said . That notion can not cheer Chief Justice Roberts , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Karlan said . " On a court with five liberals , the chief justice faces the prospect of assigning cases involving the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the Bankruptcy Act , " she said , " while Justice Ginsburg assigns the cases that make Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg front page of The Times . " Professor Strauss said Chief Justice Roberts would not tolerate that sort of irrelevance . " I do n’t think this chief justice will accept being in a permanent minority on the court , " he said . With two notable exceptions , Chief Justice Roberts ’s voting Professor Strauss in major cases has been generally conservative since he Chief Justice Roberts the court in 2005 , succeeding his old boss . He Chief Justice Roberts’s in the court conservative majorities that decided District Chief Justice Roberts’s Columbia v. Heller Chief Justice Roberts’s which established an individual right to own guns Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , which amplified the role of money in politics and Shelby County v. Holder , which gutted the core of the Voting Rights Act . And he dissented when a narrowly divided court ’s rulings meant liberal victories on gay Chief Justice Roberts’s , abortion rights and affirmative action . Chief Justice Roberts has been the subject of withering criticism from the right for twice voting to sustain Mr. Obama ’s health care law . But those votes were exceptions , especially for major cases . In     cases , Chief Justice Roberts voted in a conservative direction 85 percent of the time , Chief Justice Roberts than Chief Justice Roberts of any other member of the court , according to a study last year in The Journal of Legal Studies and to related data . The study was prepared by Professor Epstein William M. Landes , a law professor and economist a study last year in The Journal of Legal Studies and to related data University of Chicago and Judge Richard A. Posner of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in Chicago . " He is a reliable conservative in the most closely contested cases but moderate when Chicago vote can not change the outcome , " the authors wrote . " This is consistent He a chief justice ’s interest in being on the winning side in most cases otherwise it looks as if he can not control his court . " That pattern would most likely continue were a President He to name the He Supreme Court justice . Mr. Trump has released a list of potential nominees , all reliable conservatives , and none of a President Trump to name the next Supreme Court justice shift the essential balance of power on the court . In any event , Chief Justice all reliable conservatives is unlikely to compromise on his core his court said Erwin Chemerinsky , the dean of the law school at the University of California Chief Justice Roberts Irvine . " There Professor Chemerinsky and affirmative action , and he will Chief Justice Roberts in dissent if Justice Scalia is replaced by a Democratic president , " Professor Chemerinsky said Chief Justice Roberts In other areas , he added , " I think Roberts will do all he can to steer the court into narrow rulings whenever possible . " Much will Chief Justice Roberts on the docket Chief Justice Roberts The run of blockbusters Professor Chemerinsky marked the Roberts court ’s first 11 terms is unlikely to be matched anytime soon . " We should n’t assume Chief Justice Roberts the cases of the next decade or two will precipitate the same ideological the court ’s cases , " Professor Strauss said . He added that the court could soon face hard questions on national security and police conduct . " Issues like that could scramble the lineups we ’re accustomed to , " he said , " and Professor Strauss would make the court for the chief justice to maintain a leadership role . " More vacancies are likely , too : Justice Stephen G. Breyer is 78 , Justice Anthony Professor Strauss Kennedy is 80 and Justice Ginsburg is 83 . That means the next president could not only shift , but also cement , the direction of the court for a generation . It also means that there is a fair prospect that Justice Sonia Sotomayor , 62 , will soon be the senior member of a    liberal bloc . Chief Justice Roberts is just 61 , and he is likely to preside over many iterations of the Roberts court . If a Democratic president chooses not only Justice Scalia ’s successor but also several others , Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dispiriting choices . " He ’s a Justice Anthony M. Kennedy man , " Professor Amar said about the the court " so for the foreseeable future it might very well be that his vision will be in Justice Anthony M. Kennedy rather than ascent . " 
 Justice Anthony M. Kennedy Justice Anthony M. Kennedy the chief justice 