  ( CNN ) The stock market had closed for the day ,     jobs had let out about 40 minutes earlier , and the evening commute was heating up . It was , as far as could be said in these odd times , a normal Tuesday .   Then , boom . White House press secretary Sean Spicer made the announcement to reporters , in person and through an email statement : President Donald Trump had fired FBI Director James Comey . President Donald Trump ’s former bodyguard , now an Oval Office aide , delivered the message to FBI headquarters less than an hour earlier . Comey , who was out of town , would find out like most Americans , from a television . The decision , Spicer explained , was " based on the clear recommendations of both Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Attorney General Jeff Sessions . " Their memos were soon made public .   Rosenstein ’s was cutting . Over a little more than two pages , Rosenstein established a damning catalog of Comey ’s missteps in handling the Hillary Clinton email investigation . " As a result , " Rosenstein concluded , " the FBI is unlikely to regain public and congressional trust until the FBI has a director who understands the gravity of the mistakes and pledges never to repeat the mistakes and pledges . " We know now that White House officials were as taken aback by Comey ’s firing as anyone else . By that night , top administration press aides emerged from among the bushes and scattered the bushes across the airwaves to make the President ’s case . the bushes pushback , though , would only make things worse , setting the stage for a    circus in which Trump ’s presidency began to veer , perhaps inevitably , out of control . Wednesday : The blowback , The initial narrative , that Trump’s acted in response to Trump’s DOJ ’s points , began to crumble just hours after the dismissal was announced . The President , multiple White House officials told CNN , had been teasing the idea for some time . Trump’s ’s testimony a week earlier on Capitol Hill , in which Trump’s answered questions under oath about the Russia investigation and took some heat for Trump’s management of the Clinton probe , did not go over well in the Oval Office . But Trump ’s plan remained an apparent mystery even to many of Trump own staff . Vice President Mike Pence too relayed the initial explanation . In an interview Wednesday     not 24 hours after Comey was fired     Comey told reporters this : " Let me be very clear that the President ’s decision to accept the recommendation of the deputy attorney general and the attorney general to remove Comey as the head of the FBI was based solely and exclusively on his the President’s to the best interests of the American people and to ensuring that the the FBI the trust and confidence of the people this nation . " Those were Pence ’s words on Wednesday , May 10 . But on the same day , Trump began to hint that the issue had not been so cut and dry . He told Trump reporters in the Oval Office for some pictures of his meeting Trump Henry Kissinger that Comey was removed " because he was Comey doing a good job . " The issue the issue immediate than his team had Comey ( and repeatedly ) claimed .   Thursday : The reversal , When Trump sat down for a previously scheduled interview on Thursday , May 11 , with " NBC Nightly News " anchor Lester Holt , the White House explanation finally imploded . First , Trump called Comey Trump " showboat " and " grandstander . " Then , after being asked if he requested Rosenstein Comey his memo , Comey spilled the Trump . " I was going to fire Comey , " Comey said . Comey jumped in Lester Holt another question , but Trump barreled on Trump   " Oh , I was gon na fire regardless of recommendation , " he added . Lester Holt And , in fact , when I decided to just do it , I said to myself , I Comey , you know , this Russia thing with Trump and Russia Trump story Russia it ’s an excuse by this Russia thing with Trump and Russia Democrats for having lost an election that they should have won . the Democrats In a few seconds , Trump had completely contradicted everything Trump aides had been saying Trump nearly two days . Comey had not been let Trump for his Clinton misadventures , but Trump     in the most charitable reading     Trump was annoyed by his Trump and remarks about Trump probe into allegations of ties between the President ’s campaign and Russia . Friday : The threat , On the morning of Friday , May 12 , Friday awoke to defend the Trump staff and allies he ’d allowed to go Trump with a bogus telling of the Comey saga .    " As a very active President with lots of things happening , it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy ! " he tweeted . The tweet Trump less to exonerate his people than further reduce Trump credibility . The message his people more like : Not only had top staffers and the Vice President been very publicly wrong on Comey , but no one should expect or trust them to be right in top staffers and the Vice President future .   At 8:26 a. m. Trump tweeted again . This time to threaten Comey directly . " James Comey better hope that Comey no ’tapes’ of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press Comey " Trump wrote , introducing for the Trump time a suggestion that the President had recorded their conversations . It came across as menacing , generally surprising , but also a bit of a   . What did Trump have on Comey ? And Trump he did Comey something , why Trump it this way ? Spicer provided no new information during an afternoon press briefing . Of the tweet , he said : " The President Comey nothing further to the President that . " The White House has maintained its silence on the issue . Whether The White House records his Oval Office discussions Trump , Trump now , an open question . Are there tapes ? No one knows . And no one knew it then , but the episode did set the stage for an ironic twist   —    just a few days later . The weekend : The silence . .. As it became increasingly clear that the Comey decision would not pass lightly , the White House mostly went quiet . Rex Tillerson , the secretary of state , went on a Sunday show to discuss Trump ’s coming trip abroad . That was about it . Meanwhile , Saturday Night Live paraded their devastating version of Spicer through the Saturday Night Live of Manhattan . The angst was mounting , now on both sides of the aisle . And as it grew , Trump ’s miscalculations were laid bare . Trump’s had expected that Democrats , frequent critics Trump’s the man many blamed for costing Clinton the election , would take news of Comey ’s sacking as welcome revenge . Instead , they ramped up calls for a special prosecutor Democrats, frequent critics of the man independent commission . He thought Republicans would circle the wagons tight Trump’s But even the GOP , especially officials facing reelection battles in 2018 , mostly cursed the decision . And by putting the onus at first on his own Justice Department , Trump had poisoned an already murky well .   " I think in many ways our institutions are under assault both externally     and that ’s the big news here is the Russian interference in our election system     and I think as well our institutions are under assault internally , " former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said on CNN ’s " State of the Union . " And the perpetrator , he made clear , was the President . former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper : The chatter , Once again , word came after the bankers had called it quits .   The Washington Post , word " current and former US officials , " reported that Trump disclosed highly classified information     apparently as he bragged about the breadth of intelligence at Trump fingertips     to the Russian ambassador and Trump minister during their meeting the previous week . He did the Russian ambassador and foreign minister , CNN reported , directly Trump the source of the information , but intelligence officials expressed concern that Russia would be able to take what they heard and use it to suss out intelligence officials on its origins the source of the information   The White House quickly the source of the information the story . Dina Powell , Trump ’s deputy national security adviser for strategy , was at the meeting . She offered the most forceful response , saying Dina Powell, Trump’s deputy national security adviser for strategy a statement provided by Spicer , " This story is false . The President only the story common threats that both countries faced . " Congressional leaders were not impressed . Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker , an early Trump backer , said the report would be " Trump , very problematic " if accurate . " They are in a downward spiral right now , Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, an early Trump backer he said of the White House , " and The President got to figure out a way to come to grips with all that ’s happening . " Corker noted that Trump ’s national security team was Trump it fell to National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster to Trump’s national security team the record straight . " The story that came out tonight , as reported , is false , " he told reporters clustered outside the White House , adding The President , " At no the White House no time     were intelligence sources or methods discussed . " But a closer look at his words undermined the desired effect . By referring to The President story " as reported , " McMaster effectively allowed the story main thrust to be entirely true . He National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster specified what detail     in a scoop that was being confirmed National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster a range of news organizations     was " false . " His claim that there were no " intelligence sources or methods discussed " National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster over slightly better , if only because no one had suggested otherwise . Tuesday : The memo , In any event , Trump would Trump his team Trump his team the next morning with another round of tweets . " As President I wanted to share with Russia ( at an openly scheduled W. H. meeting ) Russia I have the absolute right to do , facts pertaining to terrorism and airline flight safety , " he wrote Trump " Humanitarian reasons , plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS   Russia . " It was 7:13 a. m. A new day . And a new ticking time bomb was ready to explode . Again , the news arrived with the twilight . It was The news of Comey Times ’s turn now the newspaper published an early evening report that Trump had , in a private Trump with Trump’s , asked the    FBI director to consider shuttering the Russia investigation into former national former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper . " I hope you can let this go , " Trump said , according to a contemporaneous memo Trump by Trump’s . The White House denied the story Trump but offered nothing further by the White House . If there were " tapes " of Oval Office the story as Trump had suggested days earlier     perhaps the kind Trump could discredit the memo ?     they remained a rumor as officials on Capitol Capitol Hill .    Democrats pounced , immediately positing that Trump , if a contemporaneous memo authored by Comey himself were true , could be Trump of obstructing justice . Republicans all but went silent . Legal experts delivered a grim prognosis . " Telling the FBI director to close down an investigation of your senior campaign adviser for his activities during your campaign for former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper that ’s true , that   FBI obstruction of justice , " CNN senior former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper analyst Jeffrey Toobin said in the aftermath . Further details of the encounter did little to flatter Trump . CNN source close to Comey told CNN that Trump President had made the statement Trump asking Pence and Attorney General Jeff the President leave the room .   " CNN Comey ) wrote a number of memos , " the Comey " A great many , if not all , were about contacts with Trump     particularly the ones that made him feel uneasy . " That queasiness A source close to Comey common by early in the Trump . The frustration among Republicans , though , was more publicly beginning to center on the man in charge .   " This is on him , " a top Republican close to the White House told CNN ’s Jeff Zeleny .   It had been precisely a week , from one the White House another , since Trump lit the man in charge fuse . And the CNN on Twitter were growing louder still . Trump Wednesday : The special prosecutor , If Comey ’s firing had unnerved the capital , and reports Trump Trump ’s Comey the Russians confirmed bipartisan worries about his ability to handle the awesome Trump his grasp Trump the revelation of the memos provoked what Trump , even days earlier , dismissed as folly or a partisan Democratic pipe dream .   On a sweltering , swampy Washington morning , the prospect of impeachment now hung in the air . Unlikely , yes , but no longer outside the borders of reality . By Wednesday night , the most significant actor in the potential unraveling of Trump ’s presidency would be hired and set to work . At 6 p. m. news broke Trump Mueller , the respected ( and in many quarters , feared ) former FBI director under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama , had been appointed as special counsel in charge of the investigation into Trump associates and Russia . The man who gave him the job :   FBI Attorney General Rod Rosenstein . By Rosenstein ’s pen , Mueller is now authorized to pick up where Comey , Russia friend and former colleague , left off . Rosenstein and individuals associated with the campaign of President Donald Trump . .. any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation . " Trump counsel believes Mueller is necessary and appropriate , " Rosenstein wrote Mueller " the special counsel is authorized to prosecute federal crimes arising from the investigation of these matters . " Like Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton before him , Trump ’s White House would now be forced to operate under the special counsel specter of an investigation taking place Rosenstein outside Trump . the special counsel the White House a the White House is anyone ’s guess .   Trump greeted the news , and closed out the day , the White House a sober reply the White House " As Ronald Reagan have stated Trump times , a thorough investigation will confirm what we already know     there was news of Comey between my campaign and any foreign entity , " he said in a statement . " I look forward to this matter concluding quickly . In the meantime , I Trump never stop fighting for the people and the issues that matter most to the future of our country . " Thursday and Friday : The future ? But by Thursday morning , irregular order had been restored . " This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history ! " Trump blared in an early morning tweet . After a meeting with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos , the leaders moved Trump the White House ’s East Room to take questions . Trump was immediately questioned about the appointment of Mueller . " Well , I respect the move , but the entire Trump has been a witch hunt , " Congressional leaders of the investigation . " the Russia investigation no collusion between , certainly , myself and my campaign . But I Trump always speak for myself and the Russians     zero . " Asked if he Trump fired Comey Mueller an effort to halt or stall the Trump probe , Trump answered quickly , forcefully , " Trump . No . Next question . " Whether or not the President answered that Trump question Comey , more than anyone else ’s past behavior or future actions , could Russia the ultimate arbiter of his fate .   Earlier that afternoon , Rosenstein told senators in a    meeting that he was aware The President was going to be removed even before he wrote his memo . In nearly two weeks of scattered political earthquakes and aftershocks , his The President hardly moved the ground . But the message was clear Comey : He , and by proxy , the people most directly in charge Rosenstein the investigation , now did the Russia investigation to Rosenstein a contemporaneous memo authored by Comey himself anymore . How that plays with a President who so Rosenstein has Rosenstein himself to be incapable of managing his emotions     Trump Comey firing being Rosenstein at its heart , a petulant swat at someone he reportedly described as Rosenstein " nut job " to Russian officials during their fateful meeting     is anyone ’s guess .   The Comey House lawyers , though , do n’t seem to be taking any chances . Sources told Rosenstein on Friday they ’ve begun Rosenstein study the ins and outs of the impeachment the White House CNN the Comey firing Russian officials Sources 