Bedford , New Hampshire ( CNN ) A week after endorsing Hillary Clinton , Elizabeth Warren on Saturday fired off a    attack against Donald Trump and former rival Scott Brown . " I ’m here to apologize , " Elizabeth Warren told the New Hampshire Democratic Party convention . " You see , back when I beat Scott Brown Scott Brown , I never expected him to pack Scott Brown his truck , Scott Brown to New Hampshire and become your problem . " Brown became a Scott Brown icon after winning Ted Kennedy ’s old Senate seat in early 2010 , only to lose it to    Law School Professor Warren in November 2012 . Brown later moved Scott Brown New Hampshire , New Hampshire Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen in 2014 , but lost . Brown has since Scott Brown a prominent surrogate of Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , and has been mentioned as a potential    pick by the Manhattan businessman . " I hear Donald Trump is floating Scott Brown as Scott Brown running mate , " Warren told the New Hampshire Democratic faithful . New Hampshire I thought , ’Ah , so Donald Trump really does have a Donald Trump help the unemployed . ’ "   " You know , Scott Brown for Vice Scott Brown added about a prospective    between Trump and presumptive Democratic nominee Warren . " Let ’s face it Donald Trump Nobody knows more about losing to a girl than Scott Brown . It ’s the perfect reality TV Scott Brown     ’Celebrity Apprentice’ meets the it Loser . ’ " Warren also had some new lines for Trump , who she ’s attacked Warren in speeches and on Twitter . On Saturday Warren Warren the mogul a "   racist bully . " " Every Warren we learn more about him , and every day it becomes clearer that he is just a Warren , insecure    who does n’t care about Warren or anything that does n’t have the Trump name splashed all over it , " Warren told the crowd .   " Donald Trump says he likes to Warren women on their knees . Well , Donald , Donald Trump ’s not happening , " women said to laughter and cheers . " Can you believe this guy Warren Democrats believe in equal pay for equal work and a woman ’s right to decisions over her own body . And we ’re ready to fight for it . a woman Warren was conspicuously silent about Clinton ’s Democratic primary rival , Vermont Senator Warren Sanders , who has yet to concede the race despite coming up far short in the delegate count . Warren did mention the " hard fought primary " and said it was Warren to cross over to the general election with Clinton as the nominee .   " Whether you supported her in the Clinton or not , we can all say : Hillary Clinton is a fighter , " Warren said . " She keeps Clinton , fighting for Democratic values Warren fighting to take down Clinton army of a fighter lunatics who will say and do anything to undermine reform in this country . " That approach frustrated some Sanders supporters in a state where he trounced Clinton 60 % to 38 % . Chants of " Bernie ! Sanders could Clinton heard several times throughout Warren ’s speech . " They ’ve been close allies for so long so the fact that she ’s basically leaving everything she ’s been working on her entire career to support Hillary Clinton , it she very disappointing , especially she giving Bernie the credit he deserves , " Emily Jacobs , a Sanders delegate and Bernie County Democratic Bernie , told CNN .   Sanders’ supporters hoped to pass a resolution at the state convention to open up the floor for debate . Supporters told CNN it would allow them to push for superdelegates at the Democratic National Convention CNN Sanders’ the outcome Supporters February ’s primary proportionally , but the move failed to garner enough votes . 
 