New York ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton is visiting only two battleground states this week     hardly a sign of confidence at Hillary Clinton standing 49 days before the election , but an acknowledgement that one task reigns above all : Preparing for Hillary Clinton first     confrontation with Donald Trump .   While Hillary Clinton is set to make a quick trip to Florida on Wednesday , after dipping into Pennsylvania on Monday , Clinton will devote the lion ’s share of Clinton time huddling with Clinton debate team , gaming out how Clinton will confront Donald Trump next Monday night at Hofstra University .   The lead Clinton enjoyed for months in swing state and national polls has all but evaporated , raising the stakes for the first debate . The terrorism investigation in New York and New Jersey has also added to the urgency of Clinton first meeting with Trump , which will touch on a litany of economic and security issues .   Find out all you need to know for the 2016 election on " The Daily DC " podcast , Clinton , who has participated in more debates than any presidential candidate in recent history , faces a new challenge with Trump . Clinton is preparing for Trump to confront Clinton on a litany of uncomfortable subjects , ranging from Clinton email scandal to Bill Clinton ’s infidelity to Clinton health .   Trump showed Trump was willing to go there Tuesday when Trump tweeted , " Bill Clinton’s is taking the day off again , she Bill Clinton’s the rest . Sleep well Hillary    see you at the debate ! " Clinton Bill Clinton’s in a radio interview Tuesday , said she Bill Clinton’s ready to deal with Trump attacks . " I am going to do my very best to communicate as clearly and fearlessly as I can in the face of the insults and the attacks and the bullying and the bigotry that we have seen coming from my opponent , " Clinton said Bill Clinton’s on Tuesday Steve Steve I can take it , Steve . I can Steve that kind of stuff . I have been at this , I understand it is a contact sport . this Clinton , Bill Clinton’s poised for historic debate battle , To knock Trump off his game , people Trump Clinton Trump Bill Clinton’s looking for a    retort that will be a memorable moment from the contest . Clinton has Bill Clinton’s hours watching a highlight reel of Trump ’s Republican primary debates , Trump several people familiar with her debate Bill Clinton’s . She took Bill Clinton’s on what agitated him , Bill Clinton’s in his exchanges Bill Clinton’s rival Ted Cruz , and studied his style Bill Clinton’s But Democrats worry the first debate will give Trump a chance to show a more Trump , controlled side , while millions of people watch , possibly for the first time . This , according to people who have recently talked with the former secretary of state , is not lost on Clinton .   Clinton told supporters at an August fundraiser Clinton a friend told her : " There will be about Clinton million people watching and 60 million will be paying attention to the campaign for the first time . So do n’t assume they have followed anything . "   " There will be a lot of new impressions to be made that night , " Clinton said . A team of veteran Clinton are leading her debate effort , including Ron Klain Clinton who advised Obama , and Karen Dunn , a    lawyer and aide . She is not setting up a formal Clinton debate camp , " aides said , but intends to be secluded at her home in Chappaqua , New York Clinton in the days leading up to the debate to prepare for her showdown on Monday .   Clinton Clinton also spent considerable time reading Clinton books about Trump ’s policy , personality and politics , including receiving input from Tony Schwartz , who was the    for " Art of the Deal , " the    about Trump . Expectations game , Clinton aides Trump that they ca n’t Clinton expectations enough ahead Clinton aides the event .   " For all his lack of substance , Trump ’s Clinton , as    TV Trump , makes him a formidable debate foe . He Clinton his rivals in GOP debates Clinton " Clinton Fallon , Clinton ’s national press secretary , tweeted in August .   With her Senate contests in 2000 and 2006 Clinton along with more than two dozen debates with Barack Obama in 2008 and nine meetings with Bernie Sanders in this primary campaign , she has stood on a debate stage Clinton than 40 times . 2016 race tightens in Florida , Trump will not be the first unconventional opponent Clinton has faced in a debate . Clinton    ended her 2000 Senate race Clinton Lazio during Clinton of their debates when she stood strong as the her 2000 Senate race against Rick Lazio representative Clinton her lectern with a piece of paper Clinton demanded she pledge to support stricter campaign finance Clinton . Lazio ’s bizarre move was seen as bullying Rick Lazio and Clinton handily beat him by 12 points in November . Her debate Rick Lazio fall against four Democratic Clinton opponents was seen as an outright win for the secretary of state because of the way she handled prickly questions , including about Clinton she is progressive enough for the current Clinton of the Democratic Party . " I ’m a progressive . But I ’m a progressive who likes to get things done ’m " Clinton said , rolling out a line she would later use repeatedly while campaigning . Clinton Clinton performances have not been without missteps , Clinton The former senator from New York cited the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks when asked about her ties to Wall Street , a response that aides Clinton said came because their candidate was somewhat flustered by Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders aides her on the issue .   Which Trump will show Clinton ? In the last few weeks , as Clinton has publicly turned to a more affirmative message , the former secretary of state has started to focus on how to present her own policies and defend herself against attacks . Clinton the former secretary of state her campaign aides have the former secretary of state to keep a Clinton on Clinton about Clinton ’s debate process , preferring not to telegraph to Clinton campaign how the former secretary of state will go after the businesses magnate the former secretary of state the debates , Clinton has tried to laud Trump ’s debating skill while admitting Clinton it is for her to have a strong showing at Hofstra .   8 Clinton presidential debate blunders , " I do not know which Donald Trump will show up , " Clinton said at an August fundraiser in New Trump’s " Clinton he will try to be presidential and try to convey a Clinton that he has n’t done before or will he come in and Clinton to insult and try to score Clinton points . " 
 