Washington ( CNN ) Sen. John McCain said Russian    hacks threaten to " destroy democracy " and faulted the American response as " totally paralyzed . "   McCain , the Arizona Republican who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee , again called for a select committee to investigate the CIA ’s finding that Russia hacked Democrats’ emails in a bid to help    Donald Trump defeat Hillary Clinton .   " This is the sign of a possible unraveling of the world order that was established after World War II , which has made one of the most peaceful periods in the history of the world , " McCain told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union . " " We ’re starting to see the strains and the unraveling of it , and that is because of the absolute failure of American leadership . " " When America does n’t lead , a lot of other bad people do , " McCain added . McCain calls so far have been rejected by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan , who have backed investigations but said they investigations to see them investigations through    Senate and House House .   " This is serious business . If they investigations able to harm the electoral process , they investigations destroy democracy , which is based on free and fair elections , " he said . McCain further ratcheted up pressure on McConnell Sunday , sending a letter to the majority leader asking him McCain allow for a Senate select committee to probe Russian hacking . " Cyber is the rare kind of    challenge for which the Congress ’s jurisdictional boundaries are an impediment to sufficient oversight and legislative action , " McCain wrote to McConnell in a letter , cosigned by fellow GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham , incoming Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and Sen. Jack Reed , the top Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee .   " Only a select committee that is      and    can address the challenge of cyber , " wrote the bipartisan quartet of senators . " We believe it is justified by the extraordinary scope and scale of the cyber problem . " McCain told Tapper on " State of the Union " responsibility for    is spread too broadly today .   " The responsibilities for cyber is spread over about four different committees in the Senate , and each doing their each thing , frankly , is not going to be the most efficient way of arriving at a conclusion , " he McCain .   In the interview , McCain spoke about the Russian hacking     as well as China ’s seizure of a US underwater drone and the Syrian government ’s slaughter of the citizens of Aleppo     in dire terms .   In making another call for a select committee to investigate Russian Russian , McCain mocked President Barack Obama ’s statement Friday that he McCain personally told Russian Russian Vladimir Putin to " cut it out . "   " We need a select committee . We We to get to the bottom of this . We We to find out exactly what was done and what the implications of the attacks were , especially if they the attacks an effect on our We , " McCain said .   " There ’s no doubt they the attacks interfering and no doubt it was a   . The question now is how much and what damage and what should the United States of America do ? And so far , we ’ve been totally paralyzed , " he McCain . " I ’m sure that when Vladimir McCain told quote ’cut it out’ when Vladimir Putin was told quote ’cut , I ’m sure ’m Vladimir Putin McCain all   . The truth is , they are hacking every single day . " 
 