Washington ( CNN ) Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg says Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg does n’t want to conjure up the possibility of Donald Trump in the White House . " I ca n’t imagine what the country would be     with Donald Trump in the White House as our president , " Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg told The New York Times in an interview published Sunday . " For the the country it could be four years . For the court , it could it     I do n’t even want to contemplate that . " Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , on the high court since 1993 , told the Times The New York Times of a Trump Donald Trump in the White House reminded her Donald Trump in the White House the type of wry comment her Donald Trump in the White House husband might have made .   " ’Now it ’s time for us to move to New Zealand,’ " Justice Ginsburg said . Ginsburg ’s concerns Justice Ginsburg presumptive Republican nominee echoed comments made in an interview with The Associated Press published Friday .   " I do n’t want to think about that possibility , but if it should be , that possibility everything is up for grabs , " Ginsburg told the AP Justice Ginsburg But the leader of the court ’s liberal wing did n’t sound too concerned about the possibility     referring to the next president with the pronoun " she . " " It ’s likely that the next president , whoever she will be , the next president with the pronoun "she have a few appointments to make , " Ginsburg , told the Justice Ginsburg , a thinly veiled reference to presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . The     Ginsburg is Justice Ginsburg oldest justice , the court Kennedy and Stephen Breyer are also in their 70s     and the potential retirement of Justices Anthony Kennedy and Stephen Breyer three justices during the next president ’s term has made Supreme Court nominations a cornerstone of the 2016 campaign . But Ginsburg gave no indication to the Justice Ginsburg that she plans to step down in Justice Ginsburg future . RELATED : Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg : 8 Supreme Court a good number , Following the death of the late Justice Antonin Scalia , Senate Republicans have refused to consider President Barack Obama ’s nomination of Merrick Garland .   This leaves the court with eight members , which Ginsburg has said " is not a good number Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg "   The Supreme Court has emerged as a key issue Supreme Court race , with both Clinton and Trump emphasizing the next president ’s role in shaping the ideological direction of the high court . In a meeting with House Republicans this the court repeatedly stressed the importance of a Republican winning the White House because Trump the balance of power on the Supreme Court . South Carolina Republican Rep. Mark Sanford , a Trump the court has n’t decided if he will back his party ’s presumptive Trump , suggested Friday that the issue might Trump enough to Trump him to vote for Trump , something initially he did n’t think he would do Trump 
 Trump Trump Trump 