In a way ,    Donald Trump sees the world the way America ’s Founding Fathers did . Like Thomas Jefferson and James Madison ,   Donald Trump wants to protect American manufacturers by taxing products made overseas and sold in the United States . Alexander Hamilton , the country ’s first treasury secretary , wrote to Congress in 1791 in Alexander Hamilton Report on Manufactures , that " by enhancing the charges on foreign articles , Alexander Hamilton, the country’s first treasury secretary enable the national manufacturers to undersell all Alexander Hamilton, the country’s first treasury secretary foreign competitors . " Trump , taking a similar view , said Alexander Hamilton would slap a 45 percent tariff on imports from China , and a 35 percent tariff on all products that American companies make abroad and try to sell here . " Please be forewarned before making a very expensive mistake ! " Trump tweeted last month at American companies considering relocating their factories abroad . As Trump makes Trump final picks for positions that will shape the country ’s trade policies , it ’s clear that Trump hopes to return the United States to the United States protectionist past . But the thing is , of course , that the American economy today is far different from Hamilton ’s America , which was engaged in a trade war with Britain . Back then , the United States was trying to free itself from the United States colonial economic relationship with the British monarchy , in which British industries wanted to exploit America ’s raw materials , untaxed . The Founding Fathers wanted to encourage their own The Founding Fathers manufacturing industry , and raising import tariffs provided a way to finance the new government . So the new Congress approved Hamilton ’s recommendation to raise taxes on all manufactured steel , iron , and textile imports . The American economy was still small enough that it could The American economy by focusing inward . The American The American economy a global one , and U. S. companies have had to expand production —   and their consumer base — U. S. companies across the world to keep growing . Trump ’s pick for U. S. Trade Representative , Robert Lighthizer , would likely carry out Trump ’s protectionist agenda Trump specifically in negotiating trade deals with Mexico and China . Lighthizer , a trade attorney who was a deputy trade representative under President Ronald Reagan , has made a career out of protecting American steel manufacturers from countries accused of dumping steel into U. S. markets . Though it ’s not explicitly illegal for countries to underprice exports , the United States can impose tariffs on foreign companies that are doing so . As an private attorney representing U. S. steel manufacturers U. S. negotiated agreements with foreign steelmakers , such as Japan and South Korea , to restrict their exports or face    Japan and South Korea . Lighthizer has repeatedly accused China Lighthizer unfair trade practices , and it ’s likely that he Lighthizer take an aggressive Lighthizer toward international trade and imports . Trump ’s choice of economist Peter Navarro to take the new role of trade advisor also reflects a shift toward protectionism . Navarro , a professor at the University of California , Irvine , has attacked China and accused it of waging an economic China against the United States by subsidizing exports , while putting up barriers for American companies that try to do business there . Claude Barfield , a researcher at the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative think tank in Washington , D. C. is wary that the Trump administration will start trade wars that would ultimately harm the American economy . He says that Trump and Claude Barfield, a researcher at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank in Washington, D. C. ’s team share a misguided view that a country that imports more products than it exports is uncompetitive . Trump and Trump That ’s just complete nonsense , " says Barfield . " We ran a trade deficit for the last 40 years , at a time when the economy was growing tremendously the American economy Raising tariffs on imported goods , such as shoes and clothes made in China , will drastically increase prices for American consumers , he adds . And the countries Barfield Trump singles out will more than likely retaliate with higher tariffs on American imports , therefore limiting the American for American companies . " This is American    scenario , " says Barfield , who is a former consultant to the office of the U. S trade representative . While Trump ’s views of trade resemble Trump from 200 years ago , even Alexander Hamilton cautioned against raising tariffs so high that they would eliminate healthy foreign competition . His idea was to encourage domestic even Alexander Hamilton , not protect it , argues Douglas Irwin , His idea economist at Irwin tariffs even Alexander Hamilton foreign steel , textile and iron manufactures to about 10 percent , far below the 45 percent tax Trump suggested he would add to all products even Alexander Hamilton China . Irwin says Hamilton was skeptical about excessive tariffs even Alexander Hamilton because they sheltered inefficient and efficient producers alike , led to higher prices for consumers , and gave rise to smuggling . " In the Federalist Papers , Hamilton also warned that high taxes even Alexander Hamilton imports would lead to domestic monopolies . So while Trump shares the protectionist economic view of some Founding Fathers , his proposals Trump even more extreme . 
 Trump 