’   ’ ’      Donald Trump spoke with the president of Taiwan    by phone on Friday , in a move likely to infuriate Beijing and    hinder    relations . ’ ’    "   Donald Trump spoke with President Tsai    of    Taiwan , who offered Donald Trump congratulations , " according to a readout    of the call released by Trump’ ’s transition team . ’ ’    " During the discussion , Taiwan, who offered her congratulations noted the close economic , political ,    and security ties " between Taiwan and the United States , the    statement continued . "   Trump also congratulated    President Tsai on becoming President of Taiwan earlier this    year . " ’ ’    Trump also   late Friday , saying " The    President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on    winning the Presidency . " ’ "    The call , first reported by the   is the first time a US president has    directly spoken with Taiwan leadership in more than 30 years .       White House was not made aware of the The call after it    The White House    an administration official told Business Insider . " ’    The US suspended formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan Taiwan 1979    after establishing a One China position   —    which states that    " there is but one China and China Taiwan part of China " China —    in an    effort to establish diplomatic channels with Beijing . ’ "    Beijing views Beijing Taiwan a province of China , China Taiwan Taiwan —      which has its Taiwan democratically elected government   —    has a more    complicated view of the nations’ relationship . " ’    " There is no change to our longstanding policy on      issues , " said Ned Price , a spokesman for the White House’ ’s    National Security Council . ’ ’    " We remain firmly committed to our ’’ one China ’’ policy based on    the three Joint Communiques and the Taiwan Relations Act . Our    fundamental interest is in peaceful and stable      relations , " he added Our   fundamental interest ’ ’      who was elected the first female president of Taiwan in    May ,   over the summer that she hopes    Chinese President Xi Jinping " can appreciate that Taiwan is Taiwan    democratic society in which the leader has to follow the will of    the people . " ’ ’ ’ ’    quick to point out that the phone call will likely    infuriate Beijing . ’ ’    " Trump has phone call w Taiwan President Taiwan 1st by US Pres or      since 1979 , " geopolitical expert Ian Bremmer . " Beijing will be    Beijing incensed . " ’ ’    " ’ ’    unaware of    Trump before    taking President’ ’s call , " Bremmer added . " They don’’t yet have       expertise on team . " ’ ’    Evan Medeiros , former Asia director at the White House national    security council , told the Financial Times that " the Chinese    leadership will see this as a highly provocative action , of    historic proportions . " ’ ’    " Regardless if it was deliberate or accidental , this phone call    will fundamentally change China ’s perceptions of Trump ’s    strategic intentions for the negative , " he said . " With this kind    of move , Trump is setting a foundation Trump enduring mistrust and    strategic competition for    relations . Trump ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump has apparently been considering building a luxury hotel    chain     the Shanghaiist reported last Trump . ’ ’    Henry Kissinger   —    who , as secretary of state , arranged President    Richard Nixon’ ’s initial trip to Beijing to establish ties in 1972     —    is . Kissinger met with Trump at Trump    Tower after the election and told reporters that Trump Henry Kissinger has    Trump no Trump " ’ ’    " He has no obligation Trump any particular group because he has    become a president on the President   Richard Nixon’ of his own strategy and a program    President   Richard Nixon’ put before the American public that his competitors did President   Richard Nixon’    present , " Kissinger said President   Richard Nixon’ " So that is a unique President   Richard Nixon’ . " ’ ’    Still , the Washington Post’ ’s Glenn Kessler said news of the phone    call will likely give Kissinger " a heart attack . " ’ ’    " Years of careful diplomatic winks and Kissinger in smoke , " he    tweeted . ’ ’    Ari Fleischer , the White House press secretary under George W.    Bush ,     on Friday that he " wasn’’t even allowed to refer " to the    government " of " Taiwan when serving in the Bush administration . ’ ’    " I could say gvt ’’ on ’’ Taiwan , " he noted . " China will go nuts . " ’ ’    Sen. Chris Murphy , a he from Connecticut ,    that while " it’ ’s Trump’ ’s right to shift policy , alliances ,    strategy . .. what has happened in the last 48 hours is not a    shift . These are major pivots in foreign policy    any plan .    That’ ’s how wars start . And if they aren’’t pivots   —    just radical    temporary deviations   —    allies will walk if they have no clue what    we stand for . Just as bad . " ’ ’    allies added : " It’ ’s probably time we get a Secretary of State nominee    on board    Preferably w experience . Like , really really soon . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump risked damaging the US ’’ relationship with India earlier    this week after telling Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif in    a phone call that he would " love " to visit the country soon . ’ ’    " It sends a Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif message to the people of a India the    president of the United States goes to visit , " White House press    secretary Josh Earnest said when asked about India    Sharif . " That ’s true whether it ’s some of our closest allies , or    that ’s also true if it ’s a country like Pakistan It with whom our    relationship is somewhat more complicated . " ’ ’    It ’s communications director , Jason Miller , told our    Friday before reports of the phone call between Trump and      emerged that Trump and Vice    Mike Pence    are " briefed in advanced of their calls " with foreign leaders . He Trump and      did not comment on whether the State Department has had any    Trump and Vice   Mike Pence    in briefing Trump and Pence , however . ’ ’ Brett LoGiurato contributed reporting . ’ 
    