WASHINGTON   —    Donald J. Trump ’s campaign on Thursday reaffirmed ’s campaign on Thursday extraordinary embrace of Russia ’s president , Vladimir V. Putin , signaling a preference for the leadership of an authoritarian adversary over that of America ’s own president , despite a cascade of criticism from Democrats and expressions of discomfort among Republicans . " I think it ’s inarguable that Vladimir Putin has been a stronger leader in Vladimir Putin country than Barack Obama has been in his country , " Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , Mr. Trump ’s running mate , said on CNN , defending Mr. Mr. Trump echoing his latest Mr. Trump for the Russian leader , offered Wednesday night in a televised candidate forum . Hillary Clinton excoriated Mr. Trump Mr. Trump that Mr. Putin is a better leader than President Obama , saying it was " not just unpatriotic and insulting to the people of our country , as well as to our commander in chief   —    it is scary . " She seized on Hillary Clinton Trump ’s Mr. Trump the televised forum that Mr. Putin ’s incursions Mr. Putin countries , crackdown on Russia ’s independent news media and support for America ’s enemies were no more troublesome than Mr. Obama ’s transgressions . She said it showed that Mrs. Clinton if Mr. Obama’s , Mr. Trump would be little more than a tool of Mr. Putin . " It suggests he will let Mr. Obama’s do Mr. Putin Putin wants Mr. Putin do and Mr. Putin make excuses for him , " Mrs. Clinton Mr. Putin reporters Thursday morning at Westchester County Airport in New York , stepping up her criticism as polls indicate Mrs. Clinton race has tightened , and as Mr. Trump continues to say things rarely heard before from a major party ’s presidential nominee . In Wednesday ’s forum , which was moderated by Matt Lauer of NBC and was devoted to national security issues , Mr. Trump twice denigrated America Mr. Trump suggested he would fire the country ’s Mr. Trump military leadership America —    vaguely , unverifiably and without evidence   —    that the intelligence officials who recently gave him a classified briefing about threats Mr. Trump the United States had said that the president America advice . Mrs. Clinton delighted at the chance to the intelligence officials who recently gave him a classified briefing about threats to the United States the subject from her uneven performance at the forum , under treatment by Mrs. Clinton Lauer that many observers believed was harsher than his handling of Mr. Trump . Her campaign could barely Mr. Lauer its wonder that her opponents Mrs. Clinton now allowing her to Her campaign Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton a Russian leader widely Mrs. Clinton as hostile to the United States . In the forum , Mr. Trump said of Mr. Putin that he had been Mr. Trump " far more than our president Mr. Trump " and he praised Mr. Putin ’s firm grip on Russia . And Mr. Trump Mr. Lauer highlighted Mr. Putin ’s record , Mr. Trump shot back , " Mr. Putin you want me Mr. Trump naming some of the things that President Obama does at the same time ? " Such talk is a remarkable break from the traditional boundaries of American political speech . And , as with his past provocations , Mr. Trump once again left his fellow Republicans scrambling Mr. Putin defend what Mr. Trump conceded was indefensible . Mr. Trump Vladimir Putin is an aggressor who does not share our interests , " Speaker Mr. Putin Ryan told reporters on Thursday in Washington , accusing the Russian leader of " conducting    cyberattacks " on " our political system . " Mr. Ryan was referring to the hack of the servers of the Democratic National Committee Speaker Paul D. Ryan American officials believe was conducted by Russian intelligence services . At the NBC forum , Mr. Trump disputed Russia ’s guilt , Russian Mr. Lauer the culprits were not definitively known . Mr. Trump went even further on Thursday , saying in an interview on the    Russia Mr. Trump that it was " probably unlikely " Russia was trying to interfere in the election and that Democrats " are putting that out . Russia In a fashion that would have been    for a Republican during or immediately after the Cold War , Mr. Trump has made improved relations with the Kremlin a centerpiece of his candidacy . And Russia Mr. Trump a subplot of the campaign that Tom Clancy and John le Mr. Trump together may have Russia unable to conjure , complete with the apparent Russian hack of one of America ’s political parties , a threat that Russian hackers may try to tamper with electronic voting machines , and Mr. Putin ’s unsubtle preference for Russian Trump over Mrs. Clinton . While railing against Asian , Latin American and Middle Eastern countries , Mr. Trump has continually praised Mr. Putin ’s government : He has hailed Mr. Putin ’s tight control Mr. Trump over Mrs. Clinton society , hinted that he may not defend the Mr. Trump over Mrs. Clinton Baltic Mr. Putin in Moscow ’s sphere of influence , and for a Mr. Putin employed a campaign chief with close ties to Ukraine ’s    forces . Most extraordinarily , he used a news conference over the summer to urge the Russians to hack into Mrs. Clinton ’s emails Mr. Putin find messages the F. B. I. might have missed . It is all rather confounding   —    unless Mr. Trump is simply eyeing postelection business interests   —    for congressional Republicans , who evince little doubt that Moscow was behind the hack of the Democratic National Committee . On Thursday , they volunteered the sort of    criticism of Mr. Putin more typical of conservatives discussing an adversary of the United States . " He ’s a thug , " said Senator Marco Rubio of Florida . " He ’s a dangerous and bad Mr. Putin . " But Mr. Rubio , who is running for    has gotten Mr. Putin Mr. Trump since withdrawing from the presidential primary , and he declined to say whether Mr. Trump ’s comments were out of bounds because , he said , he did Mr. Putin want to " be Mr. Trump . " Even Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump closest ally on Capitol Hill , appeared ill at ease when pressed about Mr. Trump ’s statements . Mr. Trump political combat should stop at the water ’s edge , Mr. Sessions paused for nearly Mr. Trump saying , " I ’ve tried to adhere to that line pretty assiduously , but less Even Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama does that get adhered to in the modern world . " Democrats were at once dumbfounded over Mr. Trump ’s latest verbal excess , gleeful over a fresh opportunity to portray him as unpresidential and irritated that he had not been pressed more aggressively by Mr. Lauer . Mingling outside the Capitol on a broiling day , the Senate Democratic leader , him Reid , and Representative Charles B. Rangel of New York , two of the    and    members of Congress , found themselves uncharacteristically at a loss for words . " If Rangel or Reid had said that , 15 years ago or five years ago , the Senate Democratic leader, Harry Reid, and Representative Charles B. Rangel of New York, two of the   and   members of Congress would be through , " Mr. Reid said of the Senate Democratic leader, Harry Reid, and Representative Charles B. Rangel of New York, two of the   and   members of Congress Putin praise . " Can you imagine somebody running for president who has acknowledged publicly that he likes Putin better Reid ? How about that one ? " Mr. Rangel interjected : " A communist leader that ’s a potential enemy ! " Reid Democrats Putin though , saw Mr. Trump ’s comments about Mr. Putin as a bonanza , given the scrutiny of Mrs. Clinton ’s use of a private email server as secretary of state Mr. Trump’s Joseph Crowley of New Putin Mr. Trump ’s suggestion that Russians should hack into Mrs. Clinton ’s emails " verbal treason " and said Mr. Trump ’s " diarrhea of the mouth " would Mr. Trump’s undoing . Democrats and even some Republicans said the Mrs. Clinton’s been unceasing on the right had Mr. Trump’s presidential candidate held up the leader of a hostile power Mr. Trump’s deride a Republican president . Scholars could recall few parallels in modern American history . Only the campaign of Henry Wallace , the Progressive Party nominee in 1948 , was so willing to align itself with Russia , the historian Richard Norton Smith said . " We ’ve become to some degree numbed to Russia , saying , ‘ That ’s just Trump,’ " he said . " the Progressive Party that ’s dangerous . " In her news conference Thursday , Mrs. Clinton invoked the right ’s most venerated president , Mrs. Clinton library Mr. Pence appeared on CNN . the historian Richard Norton Smith What would Ronald Reagan say about a Republican nominee who attacks American generals and heaps praise on Russia ’s president ? " Russia’s . After the news conference , Mrs. Clinton flew to Mrs. Clinton Carolina to Russia    voters , and Mrs. Clinton chance to assail Mr. Trump ’s comments again . " He prefers the Russian president to our president , her news conference said in Mr. Trump But Mr. Trump showed no sign Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton our president did not reply to an email asking if the campaign wanted to clarify his Mr. Trump Mr. Putin Russia’s president Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump assault Her campaign desperate attacks of a flailing campaign sinking in the Mr. Putin " Mr. Mr. Trump himself appeared mostly focused on news coverage of the NBC forum . " Wow , reviews NBC in   —    THANK YOU Mrs. Clinton’s Twitter . 
 the NBC forum Mr. Trump 