On " Fox News Sunday " when asked about his supporters former Sen. Rick Santorum ( ) and   Rep. Cresent Hardy being stumped when asked to list any of his accomplishments , Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) chalked it up to them signing up at the last second .   Partial transcript as follows : WALLACE : Let ’s talk about your record . This week , a Nevada congressman , Crescent Hardy , endorsed you . But like Rick Santorum , the former senator before his , his had some trouble listing any accomplishment of Rick Santorum, the former senator before him during your time in the Senate . Here his is . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) QUESTION : Is there one thing you could name over the last year that you ’ve seen firsthand on The Hill that his has done that demonstrates presidential character , to be able to get things done ? CRESCENT HARDY , NEVADA CONGRESSMAN : On The Hill , I have not seen that . his ’s been running for a presidential race most of this year . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) WALLACE : Senator , why ca n’t officials who support you , who come out to endorse you , name a specific accomplishment of your time in the Senate ? RUBIO : Well , in fairness to these folks , right , they these folks signing up at the last second . They these folks inspired by our message . They these folks to be a part of our our . We our n’t provided them these folks you know , all this information . I ’m more than happy to tell you about my record . I ’m ’m proud of it my record WALLACE : Incidentally , maybe you ought to start doing that , huh ? RUBIO : For example , we our sanctions   —    yes , well , we our , and we our , but we our obviously , you ca n’t make people read something . And these are last minute things . It ’s not fair to them these Here ’s the bottom line , I ’m ’m than happy to talk about our our . And I mean it It   —    it It   —    number one , I ’ve worked in the Senate where for four out of the last five years nothing happened because of Harry Reid . And yet , despite that , I actually worked with Bernie Sanders , who I do n’t agree on anything , but we our able to work together to bring V. A. accountability . You can now fire senior executives at the V. A. of my work . There are now additional sanctions on Hezbollah because I got the Senate to pass that unanimously , but the way . We our the Girls Count Act , which goes after human trafficking by   —    by leveraging foreign aid from the United States government to ensure that all kids around the world are getting birth certificates so they do n’t all kids around the world prey to modern day slavery . We our the effort to deal with the Obamacare bailout fund before anyone was talking about that . We our out there leading the effort on the effort to deal with the Obamacare bailout fund the Obamacare bailout fund is gone the Obamacare bailout fund , what   —    RUBIO : We our impose sanctions on human rights violators in Venezuela . WALLACE : Senator , one thing   —    WALLACE : And I ’m very proud of what we our done despite the fact that Washington is n’t doing anything . WALLACE : Senator , one of the things that WALLACE do n’t mention , and I think everybody would say was your biggest accomplishment , was the Gang of Eight comprehensive immigration reform bill that was passed in 2013 . Let me ask you a question , was that a good bill ? Was that a reasonable compromise on the immigration problem ? RUBIO : Not   —    not as a final package . And I said that at the time , Chris . And if you go back   —    and we ’ll provide you that   —    you ’ll see that throughout that debate in the Senate , I kept saying over and over , this is the best we can do here in this Senate , run we Harry Reid , but the Senate going to have to change when it gets to the House . It ’s not strong this . I ’ve said that this . That ’s how the process works . You know that . WALLACE : But   —    but you said you supported   —    you said you supported the bill when   —    after passage . And you said during the   —    the fight that it had important reforms that conservatives had been working for the bill for years . I mean you voted for it . RUBIO : It did . Well , sure , because it ’s the best we could do in a Senate It by Harry Reid . And we did get the Democrats to agree on a lot we things conservatives have pushed for , but it was n’t enough . And I warned about that repeatedly . I said , this is now going to go to the House and they ’re going to make it even stronger . But the House ’s the good news , when I ’m president of the United States , we ’re not going to do it that way . we do n’t need to do it Harry Reid ’s way . We can do it it way , which is , we ’re going to we our laws and we ’re we to secure our border we . And we we do that , we else is going to happen we immigration . WALLACE : Finally , let ’s talk about Super Tuesday . I do n’t have to point out to you , you have not won a state yet . WALLACE the polls of all 11 states who are people   —    will go to the polls on Tuesday , you are trailing . If you go through Tuesday Tuesday and you still have n’t won a state Tuesday Tuesday still be a viable candidate ? RUBIO : Oh , absolutely . First of all , Super Tuesday is going to award a lot of delegates Super Tuesday ’re going to pick up a lot of delegates . Here ’s the bottom line , you need 1 , 237 delegates to be the Republican nominee . Donald Trump will never have that number of delegates . I do n’t care how long I have to work . I ’ll go to all 50 states and every territory . He will never get those delegates . I am going to get Donald Trump delegates , and 237 delegates be the Republican nominee . WALLACE : 237 delegates   —    you could go the Republican nominee could still be the nominee ? RUBIO : And we ’re going to pick up a lot of delegates the Republican nominee . WALLACE : You could still be    and   —    and   —    and be WALLACE nominee ? RUBIO : Because we ’re going to pick up a lot of delegates . the Republican nominee And that RUBIO not the plan , by the way , but sure . I mean absolutely we can because we ’re going to pick up a lot of delegates . And we ’re going we pick up we’re going to pick up a lot of delegates March 15th we I expect this race will be significantly narrowed . More Americans will now know the truth about Donald Trump after we ’ve spent two weeks banging away on it , and people will see what they ’re about to fall con to , and then we are going to start winning states when the states this race awarding all of their delegates , people that includes Florida . We feel very optimistic about we , now more than ever especially . states Senator Rubio , thank people . Thanks for taking the time to we with us . Safe travels on the campaign trail , sir . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 we 