Former Arizona state Senator Dr. Kelli Ward is attacking establishment Senator John McCain for Former Arizona state Senator Dr. Kelli Ward tepid support of the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . establishment Senator John McCain and Ward are locked in a tight primary battle , and with early voting underway for the August 30th primary , Former Arizona state Senator Dr. Kelli Ward is looking to court    Republican voters who delivered Donald Trump a decisive primary victory over a large field of candidates preferred by the permanent political class . [ In a statement provided exclusively to Breitbart News , Former Arizona state Senator Dr. Kelli Ward slams McCain for supporting his Former Arizona state Senator Dr. Kelli Ward Hillary Clinton ’s globalist agenda for decades . " John McCain hardly bring himself to McCain the name ‘ Donald Trump,’ much less explain why he supports McCain the ‘ . " Former Arizona state Senator Dr. Kelli Ward it were not an Former Arizona state Senator Dr. Kelli Ward year with a close primary , I ’m sure he would have already thrown McCain under the bus in order to do his normal political chameleon routine McCain "   McCain was censured by Maricopa County Republicans for betraying Republican Party values in 2014 and has been routinely criticized for only pretending to be conservative during election years . " As leaders in the Republican Party , we are obligated to fully support our Party , platform , we its candidates , " the Party censure resolution reads , adding , " Only in times of great crisis or betrayal is it necessary to publicly censure our leaders . Today we we faced with both we For too long we have waited , hoping we McCain would return to our Party ’s values on we own . That has Senator McCain happened . " The resolution continues by stating , with " sadness and humility , " the Republicans in the county " rise and declare " that McCain " has amassed a long and terrible record of drafting ,    sponsoring and voting for legislation best associated with liberal Democrats , such as Amnesty , funding for Obamacare , the debt ceiling , assaults on the Constitution and 2nd amendment , and has continued to support liberal nominees . " Dr. Ward also drew attention to the cozy relationship between McCain and Democrat presidential nominee McCain Clinton : Nobody thinks that he actually agrees with Trump Dr. Ward common sense " America First " platform , since McCain has spent decades advancing McCain Clinton ’s " Invade the World , Invite the World " agenda of the World enemies abroad and open borders , amnesty , and    refugees at home . " McCain ’s disastrously dangerous foreign McCain are why he can not keep Arizona McCain senate seat red in November . " The winner of Arizona ’s August 30th primary is Arizona to face Congresswoman Ann Kirkpatrick in the general election . 
 