Washington ( CNN )   advocate and former astronaut Mark Kelly said Friday that Republicans should meet with Republicans constituents even in the face of uproar or unspecified security concerns . In an appearance on CNN ’s " OutFront " with Erin Burnett , former astronaut Mark Kelly responded to Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert , who cited the shooting of former astronaut Mark Kelly wife , former Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords , as a reason not to hold a town hall . " If he does n’t want to do town halls , he he just say he he n’t want to face his he , " Kelly former astronaut Mark Kelly . " He he n’t hide behind Gabby he " Giffords , who survived being shot in the head while meeting with constituents in her Arizona district in 2011 , responded to Gohmert herself on Thursday , saying : " I was shot on a Saturday morning . By Monday morning , my offices were open to the public . " " To the politicians who have abandoned their the politicians who have abandoned their civic obligations obligations , I say this : Have some courage , " Giffords said in a statement . Kelly reiterated his Kelly ’s comments and told members of Congress to be " aware " of potential threats and make sure their members of Congress are safe     but not to use her Kelly as an excuse to avoid town halls . He Kelly said Giffords Giffords to hold town meetings in 2009 as the debate over what would become Obamacare raged through the country , and Democrats faced significant    at their Democrats town hall events . Giffords Giffords voted in favor of the bill . Kelly , who stressed that he and his he are gun owners and support the Second Amendment , also called on members of Congress to support universal background checks for gun purchases . " If these representatives are really concerned about the safety of their these representatives , they these representatives join us and not side with the Washington gun lobby , " Kelly said . He Kelly that despite President Donald Trump ’s regular praise of the NRA , he Kelly he Kelly find common ground with the President Donald Trump said he Kelly like to meet to discuss the issue . Gohmert said on Friday he would Gohmert on a local news station and billed the     session as a " town hall meeting . " 
 