  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump will not sign an executive order initiating an investigation into voter fraud Thursday , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said , hours after telling press on Air Force One that the signing would happen once President Donald Trump returned to Washington from Philadelphia . President Donald Trump will instead sign an executive order initiating an investigation into voter fraud Thursday either on Friday or Saturday instead , Spicer said , adding President Donald Trump White House press secretary Sean Spicer also sign actions on immigration and national security . " It will be a    to the announcement yesterday ( inaudible ) to better understand voter fraud , " Spicer told reporters earlier in White House press secretary Sean Spicer day . When asked what the executive order would specifically an executive order initiating an investigation into voter fraud Thursday said President Donald Trump is continuing to work White House press secretary Sean Spicer President Donald Trump senior team on the final details . But a senior White House official told CNN on Wednesday that the probe would likely be carried out through President Donald Trump Justice Department . Trump President Donald Trump Wednesday morning that he President Donald Trump launch an investigation into instances of voter fraud , two days after he President Donald Trump congressional leaders of both parties that he President Donald Trump as many as 5 million illegal votes were cast in the 2016 election .   " I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD , including those registered to vote in two states , those who are illegal and . .. even , those registered to vote who are dead ( and many for a long time ) . Depending on results , we will strengthen up voting procedures ! " Trump wrote . Neither Trump nor the White House have offered any evidence to back up those claims , which experts say are completely unsubstantiated . Trump has faced widespread criticism for his remarks Trump including from some congressional leaders Trump his own party . Democrats have alleged that Trump efforts in the name of fighting voter fraud has the effect of preventing or delaying legal voters who traditionally back Democratic candidates . Jason Chafettz , the Republican head of the House Oversight Committee , told reporters on Thursday he does n’t " see any evidence " Jason Chafettz, the Republican head of the House Oversight Committee voter fraud .   " But the President has 100 , 000 people at the Department of Justice , and if he wants to have an investigation , have the President it , " Chaffetz added . " I he wants to have an investigation do n’t see any evidence of it . " The White House ’s announcement he wants to have an investigation Trump would sign an executive order on the matter came as Trump was flying to Philadelphia to join a Trump congressional retreat where the White House and Capitol Hill Republicans will look to align their agendas and formulate plans for major legislative the White House and Capitol Hill Republicans in the coming weeks and months . But those discussions now fall against the backdrop of the President ’s unsubstantiated claims of widespread voter fraud in the election that made him president and the investigation he has said he plans to launch into him matter . him 