  ( CNN ) Donald Trump said Friday Indiana Gov. Mike Pence is Donald Trump choice to be Donald Trump running mate .   " I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate . News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A. M. , " the presumptive Republican nominee tweeted .   CNN reported Thursday that Trump had called Pence and offered Trump the vice presidential slot on Trump ticket . Pence has accepted .    Nightcap : The latest news and political buzz from CNN Politics | Sign up , The pick sets up a stark clash in styles : a brash presumptive nominee with a tendency to freelance into controversies alongside a cautious former congressional leader who ’s stuck close to conservative orthodoxy since starting his career in talk radio .   Pence took to Twitter shortly after the announcement , saying , " Honored to join @realDonaldTrump and work to make America great again , " and the campaign debut a new logo featuring both names .   Pence lawyer filed paperwork with the Indiana secretary of state office officially removing him Pence’s lawyer the governor ’s race Friday morning .   The Saturday event is currently scheduled to take place in New York Hilton Midtown in Manhattan , the campaign announced , after earlier plans to hold the event in New Jersey .   Trump did his Trump to keep the drama going Thursday after a frenetic day .   " I have n’t made my final , final decision , " he Trump Fox News’ Greta Van Susteren Thursday evening . " I mean , I ’ve got three people that are fantastic . I think Newt ( Gingrich ) is a fantastic person . I think Chris Christie is a fantastic person , been a friend of mine for 15 years . Just a fantastic person . And there ’s Mike , and Mike Mike done a great job as governor of Indiana . You look at the numbers , and it ’s been great     he Mike done really a fantastic job . But I have n’t made a final , final decision . " But speaking at a fundraiser in Los Angeles later in the evening , Trump said he Trump made his Trump and the campaign was " ready to announce , " according to an attendee . Trump Trump however , did not say whom he Trump chosen . On Wednesday , Trump Trump a series of auditions with Pence and other top contenders including Christie and Gingrich . And on Thursday , despite sources indicating to CNN that Trump Trump strongly leaning toward Pence Pence others in his Trump circle     including Trump ’s son , Donald Jr.     repeatedly urged caution . But by early evening , Trump Trump the offer . 7 things Trump Trump looking for in a VP , Trump Trump initially suggested he Trump wait until the Republican National Convention to unveil his Trump presidential choice , but Indiana law forced his Trump . Candidates ca n’t run for both federal and state office after July 15 , meaning Pence had to withdraw his Trump from his Trump race for governor .   Pence Pence attorney Matt Morgan filed the paperwork Friday with the Indiana Secretary of State ’s , formally withdrawing him ’s attorney Matt Morgan the his   race for governor Pence Pence gives Trump a running mate with strong ties to the Republican base     particularly social conservatives . He was among the Trump Republicans to embrace the tea party on Capitol Hill . And as governor of Indiana , he faced Indiana political Trump over his decision to sign Trump law a " religious freedom " measure that infuriated major businesses that saw it as   . In tapping Pence , Trump adds to the GOP ticket a politician with ties to the Koch brothers and other influential donors who have so far stayed away from Trump .   Pence Trump seen as Pence safe political option for Trump , who also Trump candidates who mirror his big personality such as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich . But Pence made clear this Pence that he ’s more than his to play the role of attack dog , strongly criticizing Hillary Clinton during a rally with Trump . Clinton , Pence told Hillary Clinton applauding Pence , " must never become president of the United States . "   An endorsement for Trump ’s rival , Trump endorsed Texas Pence Ted Cruz over Trump before Indiana ’s crucial Trump May primary     a contest Trump won , knocking Cruz Trump the contest and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz the nomination .   Still , Pence heaped praise on Pence in the WIBC radio Trump where he endorsed Cruz , pointing Texas Sen. Ted Cruz Trump ’s focus on Carrier Trump the Indianapolis air conditioning company that was shipping 2 , 100 jobs to Mexico .   Trump ’s VP drama headed Trump Pence said Trump has Pence given voice to the frustration Trump millions of working Americans with the lack of progress in Washington , D. C. " " Let me be very clear on this race : Whoever wins the Republican nation for president of the United States , I ’m going to work my heart out to get elected this fall , " Pence said . He Pence n’t avoided criticizing Trump , though Trump He called Trump ’s attacks on an    Trump of Mexican heritage " inappropriate , " and said his proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering Trump United States was " offensive and unconstitutional the United States test of    chemistry , Pence and his wife , Karen , who is also Trump close adviser , met on July 2 with Trump in person in New Jersey for more than an hour .   " The Pences enjoyed spending warm , productive time with the Trumps , " said Pence spokesman Marc Lotter in a statement the following day . " They talked about policies that are working in Indiana and the future of this country . Nothing was offered and nothing was accepted . " Since then , Pence has repeatedly complimented Trump , vowing to help him Pence the general election .   " I think Trump is going to be a great president . I Trump he is someone who has connected with everyday Americans like Trump one since Ronald Reagan . I think he has spoken into the frustration and the longings of Trump American people as no one since the 40th president , and I think you ’re going to continue to see him do that , " Pence told reporters Tuesday after Trump event in Indianapolis . He also downplayed his disagreements with Trump on policy . Trump split on Trump ’s running mate , " Look , I served Trump for 12 years . I ’ve been a governor for three and a half years . I have n’t agreed with every one of my Republican colleagues or Democrat colleagues on every issue , " Pence said . " But I ’m supporting Donald Trump because we need change in this country , and Trump he represents the kind of strong America home and abroad that Trump , to borrow a phrase , make America great again . " Already , Pence ’s orbit had begun blending with Trump ’s . Kellyanne Conway Pence a    Pence consultant , recently Trump ’s campaign . And Marty Obst , Pence ’s gubernatorial    campaign Trump joined Trump ’s finance team .   Pence Pence’s ? Pence , 57 , Trump in Columbus , Indiana , a town Pence 40 miles south of Indianapolis , where his father ran a chain of gas stations .   After working as an admissions counselor at his alma mater , Hanover College , a liberal arts school in Madison , Indiana , and his a law degree , Pence campaigned for Congress in 1988 and 1990     but lost to Democratic incumbent Rep. Phil Sharp . Those campaigns featured bitter attack ads , including one from Pence ’s campaign , featuring a man clad in Arab garb thanking Sharp for America ’s dependence Pence foreign oil .   He began rehabilitating his political career with a short essay called " Confessions of a Negative Campaigner . "   He it , he argued that " your First Amendment rights end at the tip of your opponent ’s nose He "   " A campaign ought to be about the advancement of issues whose success or failure is more significant than that of the candidate , " Pence wrote . " Whether on the left or the right , candidates ought to leave a legacy     a foundation of arguments     in favor of policies upon which their successors can build . William Buckley carries with him a purposeful malapropism . ’Don’t just do candidates it says , ’stand there.’ "   In William Buckley , Pence Pence the president of the Indiana ’Don’t Review Foundation , and in 1993 began his own syndicated radio show based in Rushville , Indiana     performing as a    Rush Limbaugh William Buckley decaf .   An early tea party ally , He ran again for Congress in 2000 , and this time won     beginning the    tenure William Buckley which he ’s Congress known in Washington .   By 2009 , Pence Pence Washington to become the William Buckley Republican Conference chairman , a position he occupied as a leader of the party ’s socially the tea party on Capitol Hill .   He was an early William Buckley of the tea party , and the tea party on Capitol Hill Study Committee . But as governor William Buckley Pence Pence in the shadow of Mitch Daniels , his predecessor who backed away from a presidential campaign of his own in 2014 .   Pence , a social William Buckley , stepped into a series of controversies over LGBT William Buckley .   He advocated a constitutional    marriage ban that the    Indiana legislature decided went too far in limiting LGBT rights William Buckley Indiana Indiana became the subject of a media storm in 2010 when Indiana signed into law a " religious freedom " measure that would have Pence companies to assert that their exercise of religion had been violated as a defense if sued for turning away customers . It was championed companies social conservatives who saw it as a shield against    marriages , but drew complaints from organizations like the NCAA and Salesforce , a It Indianapolis employer , and national scrutiny . It led Daniels’ former campaign manager Indianapolis Bill Oesterle , to openly speculate about recruiting a primary challenger for Pence It Pushing through tax cuts , Pence , Pence successfully shepherded into law a series of tax cuts in Indiana     Pence reducing the state ’s income tax and speeding Indiana    of its inheritance tax . He ’s also overseen a state budget that Indiana in the black .   In addition , he persuaded President Barack    ’s administration to accept a    alternative to Medicaid as the vehicle for expanded coverage through    ’s signature health care law .   That decision led to some criticism from conservatives , but Pence cast it as a victory over Pence federal government and for    solutions . Pence has had a fraught relationship with Pence That decision     not unlike Trump     fueled in part by his Indiana abandoned 2015 plans Trump a    news outlet called Trump Just IN . " Once news of the plan broke , Pence downplayed it as little more than a clearinghouse for news released . But plans Pence by Pence staff cast it as much more than that , citing " Trump IN " as a site Pence would break state government news ahead of traditional journalists .   In joining Trump ’s ticket , he leaves Indiana Republicans to replace the first Republicans what Trump to be a Trump battle against Indiana former state Trump Speaker John Gregg . 
 