Washington ( CNN ) Protesters angry over the police killings of unarmed black men wo n’t prompt change through violence , President Barack Obama said during an interview Thursday . Speaking a day after riots erupted in Charlotte over the killing of Keith Lamont Scott , President Barack Obama said anger should instead be redirected toward pushing needed reforms . " The way we change the system requires we to be able to reach out and engage the broader American community . And that requires being peaceful , " President Barack Obama said during an interview with ABC News . " The overwhelming majority of people who have been concerned about police community relations doing it the right way . Every once in awhile , you see folks doing it the wrong way . " President Barack Obama who also offered debate advice to Democrat Hillary Clinton in the an interview with ABC News the violence that has raged in cities such as Charlotte , Baltimore and Ferguson , Missouri , should n’t distract Americans from real concerns about systemic biases within US law enforcement agencies . " I think it ’s important to separate out the pervasive sense of frustration among a lot of    about shootings of people and the sense that justice is not always always , you know , colorblind , " he said . justice has sought to encourage reforms in police departments by convening a policing commission and recommending a set of common practices . But the White House says specific reforms should be left to local forces who best understand their communities’ needs . " It ’s the the White House of local law enforcement leaders and local elected officials to determine how and whether to pursue the implementation of these best practices , " Obama ’s spokesman Obama Earnest said Thursday . " It ’s not something that can be imposed by the federal government . " Clinton spoke with Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts and Democratic North Carolina Rep. Alma Adams , whose district includes Charlotte , about Charlotte shooting and protests today , a Clinton aide said Clinton They discussed " steps we must take They ensure that everyone is respected by the law , and everyone has respect for the law , the law aide added a Clinton aide , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is considering a trip to Charlotte next week after Monday ’s debate , two aides told CNN . Campaign officials are looking at the logistics involved in such a trip , which would also bring Trump to a critical battleground Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . In his interview with ABC , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump also offered debate advice for Clinton , his preferred successor . " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump yourself and explain what motivates you , " he said . " I Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump there ’s a reason why we have n’t had a woman president before , and so she ’s having to break a woman president some barriers . There ’s a level of mistrust and a caricature of her that just does n’t a woman president with who I know . " 
 