  ( CNN ) When the world ’s most mysterious leader arrives for a parade , most mysterious leader steps out of a black Mercedes Benz and onto a red carpet . But who sold North Korea ’s Supreme Leader a brand new ,      limousine ? Despite international sanctions , Kim Jong Un continues to enjoy the good life , with recent purchases thought to include a gleaming white yacht , expensive liquors and even the equipment necessary to kit out a luxury ski resort . Those expenses soon add up : The country purchased $ 645 . 8 million worth of luxury goods in 2012 , according to a 2014 report from Kim Jong Un . To put that into context , in 2015 , North Korean imports totaled $ 3 . 47 billion . But if you remove China     Pyongyang ’s biggest trading partner     from the equation , the breakdown reveals North Korea spent more on luxury goods than it North Korea on licit imports from the rest of the world combined , according to UN data processed by the MIT Media Lab ’s Observatory of Economic Complexity . So how can the leader a country that in March of last year warned its North Korea to prepare for possible famine and severe economic hardship afford to live in such luxury ? Experts say these types of purchases are made using Kim ’s personal piggy bank , filled by Pyongyang ’s illicit dealings across the globe . North Korea has been accused of crimes such as hacking banks , selling weapons , dealing drugs , counterfeiting cash and even trafficking endangered species     operations that are believed to rake in hundreds of millions of dollars . That money also helps pay for the country ’s nuclear and missile programs , both of which Pyongyang believes it Pyongyang in order to deter any    attempt at regime change , experts say . North Korea ’s nuclear aspirations have progressed forward rapidly despite sanctions , and Pyongyang Pyongyang resisted any US attempts at negotiation that mandates    up front . " North North Korea’s blatantly violated international law with their nuclear North Korea’s , illicit sales , and the ramping up of their nuclear North Korea’s , " said Republican Representative Doug Lamborn , a member of the House Armed Services Committee and a leading advocate for missile defense in Washington . It ’s nearly impossible to track these illicit funds accurately , as they ’re these illicit funds hidden away . But a 2008 Congressional Research Service report said Pyongyang could generate anywhere from $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in profits annually from its    Pyongyang . " North Korea will sell anything to anyone as long as they pay anyone " Anthony Ruggiero , a former deputy director of the US Treasury Department and an expert in the use of targeted financial measures , said at a panel sponsored by the Foundation for Defense of Democracies last week . That money funds Pyongyang ’s pursuit of a    nuclear weapon and the lavish lifestyle of the country ’s elite , keeping them happy the country’s elite sanctions cripple the economy , according to analysts CNN spoke to . In the end , it ’s an important way for Kim to cement his power Kim prevent challenges to his authority Kim experts say . " That ’s income that goes directly into the pockets or the bank accounts of the North Korean leadership . ( Taking it away ) can actually have a disproportionately large impact compared to trade flow , " said Sheena Greitens , a professor at the University of Missouri who has been studying North Korea ’s illicit finance activities for the last 10 to 15 years . In order to really pressure Kim until he ’s Kim enough to get to the negotiating table on the US’ terms , US President Donald Trump may need to go after that money , analysts say . But cutting off that revenue may prove difficult , like playing a game of international    . " This is a regime that ’s really good at finding new , creative illicit ways to earn hard currency and sometimes that ’s coming up with new activities and sometimes it ’s This matter of shifting geographic locations of those activities , " said Greitens . " If you wanted to try to pressure and contain North Korea ’s ability to earn from these illicit activities , you ’d have to also close off its ability North Korea’s adapt . " ’A pressure campaign’ Kim ’s perceived flair for the dramatic     South Korean intelligence alleges he ’s ’A pressure campaign’ Kim    gun executions and complex assassination plots     is something he shares ’A pressure campaign’ Kim his late ’A pressure campaign’ Kim , Kim Jong Il . The elder ’A pressure campaign’ Kim noted cinephile and James Bond fan , and analysts say his fondness for spy ’A pressure campaign’ Kim appeared to influence his leadership     South ’A pressure campaign’ Kim says he tried to assassinate ’A pressure campaign’ Kim with a pen , kidnapped movie stars in order to boost the country ’s own film industry and created of what ’s known as " Office 39 . " The US Treasury Department says Office 39 is the Office 39 " provides critical support to North Korean leadership in part through engaging in illicit economic activities and managing slush funds . "   The money basically hides in plain sight , according to    North Korea specialist John Park . " North Korean overseas networks have North Korean adaptive to the combined pressures of international sanctions , in large part due to their ability to nest and disguise North Korean overseas networks illicit business within the licit North Korean overseas networks , " according to Park . Though the Obama administration   North Korea specialist John Park to target it with sanctions , Office 39 the Obama administration still believed to be in operation .    US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the United States will try to further stymie North Korean operations by punishing third parties that help Pyongyang skirt sanctions . " It ’s a pressure campaign that has a knob on it , " Tillerson told State It employees on US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson 3 . " I ’d say we ’re at about dial setting five or six right now . " Though Tillerson did not specify how those US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sanctions would work , part of the strategy involves asking countries around the globe to scale back their diplomatic relationships with Pyongyang . countries around the globe What we are more appropriately asking them we do is to take countries around the globe look at the diplomatic relations that they have with North Korea . countries around the globe North Korea , in many countries North Korea a diplomatic presence that clearly exceeds their diplomatic needs , " W. countries around the globe Murphy , the US State Department ’s deputy assistant secretary in the bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs , told reporters on a phone call .   Keeping them high and dry , North Korean diplomats around the world have been accused of using their diplomatic privileges to conducted crimes such North Korean diplomats around the world smuggling gold and running guns . Embassy staff are useful to North Korea because they are mobile and can provide diplomatic Embassy staff for shady dealings , the United Nations says . To cut off the illicit money , the US likely needs to deny North Korea the opportunity to use embassies North Korea for criminal operations , something the United Nations accused the country of doing the United Nations " North Korea has been quite wily in recent years North Korea to evade the UN Security Council resolutions . .. using diplomatic cover for some of its activities , " Murphy said . That creativity may have been on display in recent years in Southeast Asia , where local and international authorities have accused diplomatic staff in connection with a potential assassination plot and an intricate arms smuggling operation . To that end , one partner the United States says it ’s pursuing to deal with North Korea is Philippine President Rodrigo one partner the United States , who ’s serving as the chair of the Association of Southeast Nations ( ASEAN ) . Of the 10 states that belong to the regional organization , eight host North Korean embassies , according to the National Committee on North Korea . Another 39 countries around the world also host a North Korea embassy . " If you think about strategy for attacking illicit North Korean finance and pressuring illicit sources of finance , you ’d actually want to go to some of the places that are flying under the radar , " Greitens said .   Whether US pressure works remains to be seen .   " The United States has been pressuring a number of Southeast Asian states for years now to crack down or reduce the extent of their relationship with North Korea , " said The Diplomat ’s Prashanth Parameswaran .   " Southeast Asian states maintain these links with North Korea out of various considerations     diplomatic , cultural links , economic links North Korea they ’ve proven that they want to keep this going on . .. these countries these countries make their own these countries with respect with what to do with North Korea . " China these countries , The US will need more than just buy North Korea Southeast Asia for the strategy to work , analysts say . They ’ll need China too .   Beijing accounts for about 85 % of Pyongyang ’s analysts , according China UN UN . That ’s a lifeline for the North Korean economy , one which prevents the US from really putting the squeeze on North Korea . " You certainly want to The US all areas of North Korea it ’s really just sort of nibbling around the edges when you ’re going to eventually have to come back to what you ’re going to do about China , " Ruggiero , the former Treasury Department official , told The US Treasury Department CNN China to take China action that not only targets its own companies but could disrupt the power balance China the region will be no easy feat , China to David Cohen , former deputy director of the US Central Intelligence Agency .   China is most worried about Cohen own China interest , Cohen said .   But Pyongyang ’s Pyongyang on Chinese entities also reveals an area of vulnerability , according to a Cohen study from Pyongyang’s Cohen      research group focused on exposing illicit trade networks . " From 2013 to 2016 , there were only 5 , 233 companies within China that either imported goods from , or exported goods to , North Korea . To put that China in perspective , as North Korea , 67 , 163 Chinese companies exported to South Korea , " South Korea a 2008 Congressional Research Service report " Targeting specific key nodes can have a disproportionate impact . " President Trump has US President Donald Trump Chinese President Xi Jinping for his help with North US President Donald Trump . He hosted Xi at US President Donald Trump luxurious South Florida US President Donald Trump estate in April for a    summit , during which North Korea was discussed . Trump ’s language toward US President Donald Trump     on the campaign trail he said China was US President Donald Trump the United States North Korea softened since the meeting . Experts say Beijing ’s Beijing about cracking down on its unruly China may be the key to stopping Pyongyang ’s illicit Pyongyang . " It all comes Beijing to China , " said Ruggiero Beijing " In the end it ’s going to require Pyongyang’s Chinese banks and Chinese companies that are China in North Korea ’s North Korea’s " Ruggiero Chinese 