  ( CNN ) The former chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee came out swinging Tuesday night in defense of former President Barack Obama ’s plan to accept $ 400 , 000 for a speech to Wall Street in September , urging critics such as Sen. Bernie Sanders and Sen. Elizabeth Warren to mind such as Sen. Bernie Sanders and Sen. Elizabeth Warren own business .   Warren , a possible presidential candidate in 2020 , said she was " troubled " by former President Barack Obama ’s decision , and Sanders , a former Democratic presidential candidate , told CNN it was " not a good idea " and " distasteful . " After being shown both criticisms during an interview on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront , " Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz fired back that " it is none of anyone ’s business what someone who is a member of the private sector decides to accept in terms of compensation . " " With all due respect to anyone who chooses to comment publicly on what Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton , or anyone earns as a member of the private sector , " Hillary Clinton said , " it ’s just , like , MYOB     it ’s none of your business . " Wasserman Schultz said that Barack Obama and Clinton , who also faced criticism for paid speeches to Wall Street , both have " pristine " public records . " Obama and Clinton, who also faced criticism for paid speeches to Wall Street, both have "pristine" public records fought back against the big banks , and their Obama and Clinton, who also faced criticism for paid speeches to Wall Street, both have "pristine" public records , and I have every confidence in the service they Obama and Clinton, who also faced criticism for paid speeches to Wall Street, both have "pristine" public records provided . " The congresswoman also trolled President Donald Trump , who touted a government funding bill that is expected to be voted on later this week , saying " this is what winning looks like . " Wasserman Schultz agreed with the comment , but clarified that " this is what winning looks like     for Democrats , " pointing out that the a government funding bill that is expected to be voted on later this week not include funding to build Trump ’s border wall , does not provide money for additional detention officers and does not cut funding for Planned Parenthood , among other issues . " They are desperately clinging and grasping at straws here to try to define for their members They their supporters They that this is somehow a win for them , They she said . " But they absolutely They n’t want this budget to look like it does this budget " 
 