  ( CNN ) Egypt ’s President says Egypt’s President will declare a state of emergency after two deadly bombings targeted Coptic Christian churches on Palm Sunday . ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks , which were aimed at a vulnerable religious minority on one of the most important days on the Christian calendar . The death toll rose to at least 49 Monday , state media reported . At least 27 people died in a blast inside a church in the northern city of Tanta , and 78 people were injured , according to Egypt ’s    news agency   . In Alexandria , 18 civilians and four police officers were killed when a suicide bomber blew a suicide bomber up outside a Coptic church ,    said . Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    declared three days of nationwide mourning following the bombings and said a    state of emergency would come into force once legal and constitutional measures have been completed . In response to the attacks , the country will also form a supreme council to counter terrorism and extremism , Sisi said on state television Sunday after an emergency meeting of the country ’s National Defense Council .    " We have to pay attention because of Egypt and Egypt Egypt future . We We this is a big sacrifice but we We capable of facing it , " he Sisi . " The attack will not undermine the resolve and true will of the Egyptian people to counter the forces of evil , but will only harden their the Egyptian people to move forward on their the Egyptian people to realize security , stability and comprehensive development , " the Sisi in a statement . In a statement issued on the Telegram messaging platform and circulated by several ISIS supporters , the militant group identified the bombers as Egyptian nationals . Egyptian authorities Egyptian not confirmed the bombers’ nationalities .   ISIS warned ISIS more attacks in its statement ISIS " The Crusaders and their apostate followers must be aware that the bill between us and The Crusaders and their apostate followers large The Crusaders and their apostate followers and they will be paying The Crusaders and their apostate followers like a river of blood from their sons , if The Crusaders and their apostate followers is willing , " the group said in The Crusaders and their apostate followers How the attacks unfolded , The bombings came on the Sunday before Easter , the day that marks the start of Holy Week for Christians . The first blast ripped through The bombings service at St. George ’s Church in Tanta , killing at least 27 and wounding 78 others , state TV reported . An explosive device had been planted under a seat in the main prayer hall , it said .   News footage from An explosive device showed people gathering at the church Tanta singing hymns . The St. George’s Church in Tanta quickly switched to bars as harrowing screams and cries echo in the background . " Everything is destroyed inside the church , " said Peter Kamel , St. George’s Church in Tanta the aftermath of the bombing . Its marble pillars were covered with blood , he St. George’s Church in Tanta .   Kamel said that most of Peter Kamel, who saw the aftermath of the bombing injured appeared to Peter Kamel, who saw the aftermath of the bombing priests and members of the choir . Not long afterward , a suicide bomber attacked outside St. Mark ’s Coptic Orthodox Cathedral in Alexandria , according to state news outlets .   Police officers who had been posted outside the church stopped a man wearing an explosive belt from entering the church , the Interior Ministry said . Two of those officers , a man and a woman , were killed , along with civilians and other police staff . Egyptian blogger Maged Butter said he saw five or six ambulances and bloodstains 100 Egyptian blogger Maged Butter away from the site of the explosion , which happened near the church gate . He said women were crying and looking for their Egyptian blogger Maged Butter ones and were yelling at police for women not protecting " them .   " Every now and then , women see a person crying     I think they are Christian     and they keep saying : women you seen my family women Have you seen my family ? ’ " Butter said . Nile my family TV , Egyptian state outlets , aired black banners in the upper left of their newscasts to signify mourning for the victims of both Egyptian state outlets . ’Bodies and body parts everywhere’ Fadi Sami heard about the Tanta bombing as he sat in the Alexandria cathedral on Sunday . The everywhere’ Fadi Sami of Egypt ’s Coptic Church , Pope Tawadros II , was leading Palm Sunday prayers . Though no one announced the Tanta news , Sami said he could hear the sadness in the pope everywhere’ Fadi Sami voice everywhere’ Fadi Sami He left as the pope finished the sermon . Twenty everywhere’ Fadi Sami later , the pope’s bomber blew himself up at the gate of the church .    " a suicide bomber came back and the area was covered in smoke . The stores around the church were all destroyed , " he said . " the church bodies and body parts everywhere a suicide bomber outside and inside the gate . I saw a man put together what was the gate of the church his son in a bag . " Alexandria sits on the Mediterranean and a man a large Christian population . Downtown is usually busy but was relatively quiet on Sunday because of the holiday . " Thank God it is a Sunday , and many shops are closed , " Butter said .   David Saeed said he was sitting in the last row in the church when the bomb David Saeed off .   " We were just singing and suddenly in a blink of ( an ) eye , smoke , fire everywhere . I did n’t realize what ’s happening until I saw blood and organs of our friends scattered over the ground , " Saeed told CNN . He said he tried to save some of the David Saeed but could n’t David Saeed He David Saeed to carry others to ambulances in front of the church , David Saeed said .   Hours later Saeed held a bloody    that belonged David Saeed a friend who was killed David Saeed the blast . " I was shocked . But I ’m not angry because . .. we ’re used to it ( this kind of violence ) here in Egypt , " Saeed said .   " Every church in Egypt just prepares for this David Saeed " he added . " Everyone knows Egypt some time you will get bombed David Saeed you will be killed . "   A persecuted minority , Copts in Egypt have faced persecution and discrimination that has spiked since the toppling of Egypt Mubarak ’s regime in 2011 . Dozens have been killed in sectarian violence . In December , an attack at a Coptic church in Cairo killed 25 people .   Coptic churches and homes have been set on fire , members of the Coptic minority have been physically attacked , and their property has been looted , rights group Amnesty International reported in March members of the Coptic minority   Coptic Christians make up about 10 % of Egypt ’s population of 91 million . They base their theology on the teachings of the apostle Mark , who Coptic Christians Christianity Coptic Christians Egypt . Tanta is roughly 60 miles ( 96 kilometers ) north of Egypt , in the Nile delta .   Who are Egypt ’s Coptic Christians ? International condemnation , United Nations    António Guterres Egypt the attacks and offered his sympathies to the victims and to the country in a statement through António Guterres spokesman . Guterres " wishes a quick recovery to those injured and hopes that the perpetrators of this horrific terrorist act will be swiftly identified and brought to justice , " said the spokesman , Stéphane Dujarric .   The US State Department also issued a rebuke , calling the bombings " barbaric attacks on Christian places of worship . " " The United States will continue to support Egypt ’s security and stability in its efforts to defeat terrorism , " said acting spokesperson Mark Toner . Egypt The bombings came days after US President Donald Trump welcomed Sisi to Washington the bombings his support for Egypt . Among the topics of mutual concern were terrorism and US President Donald Trump . Trump Egypt Sunday ’s attacks on Twitter and said he has " great confidence US President Donald Trump will handle the situation properly . " Sisi US President Donald Trump Saturday with a US congressional delegation led by US Rep. Darrell Issa Sisi the Egyptian government said . The meeting addressed Egypt ’s counterterrorism efforts and a strategy to fight terror while encouraging religious tolerance and acceptance of others .   On Sunday , President Trump called Sisi from Air Force One to offer his condolences , a senior administration official told CNN . Egyptians mourn , but President Trump they understand ? Pope Francis is scheduled to visit Cairo this month , where Egyptians will meet with various religious leaders , including the head of the Coptic Pope Francis Church . He expressed his grief after the church attack .     Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Pope Francis called Pope Francis attacks " evil " and urged people to pray for the victims . Russia ’s Egypt’s President condemned the attacks and offered his condolences the victims , according to Russia ’s    Tass the attacks Sisi his condolences Russia 