Naxos , Italy ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s top economic and national security advisers on Saturday declined to comment on the swirl of allegations that President Donald Trump ’s     and senior adviser Jared Kushner is facing regarding senior adviser Jared Kushner contacts with Russian officials . senior adviser Jared Kushner discussed creating a secret communications channel between the President Donald Trump transition team and the Kremlin with Russia ’s ambassador Sergey Kislyak , a source with knowledge of the matter confirmed to CNN after The Washington Post reported Friday , citing US officials briefed on intelligence reports . Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster , the national security adviser , declined to say whether he would be concerned if a private citizen attempted to set up backchannel communications with a foreign government to influence US foreign policy and said he would not be concerned if a White House official attempted to do so . " We have backchannel communications with a number of countries , " McMaster said . McMaster and Gary Cohn , the director of the National Economic Council , swatted away the questions after reports surfaced that Kushner considered setting up a secret line of communication with Russia to discuss military options in Syria and other matters . A source with knowledge of the matter confirmed to CNN that Kushner first discussed creating the backchannel in a meeting last December with the Russian ambassador .   Kushner was a private citizen at the time , not a US government official although Kushner was acting on behalf of the incoming US government and in an official capacity having an interim security clearance . The details were shared with CNN as an explanation to The Washington Post reporting , which The details said was based on intercepts of conversations between Russia ’s ambassador and Moscow . Kislyak , according to The Post , told    in Moscow that Kushner suggested the proposal in a December meeting at Trump Tower     which former national security adviser Michael Flynn also attended . Kushner " suggested using Russian diplomatic facilities in the United States for the communications , " The Post reported , in an apparent attempt to try to shield discussions during the transition from monitoring . The The Post Kislyak reportedly was taken aback by the idea of having an American use Russian communications Russian at one of its facilities Russian it could Russian involved security risks for both Americans and Russians . Such a line of communication would have allowed Kushner and Flynn to talk securely with Russian military Russian , but it never Such a line of communication actually set up , the source with knowledge of the matter confirmed to CNN . Flynn apparently Flynn have been the US point person , the source the source with knowledge of the matter " That ’s something I ’m not prepared to talk about , " McMaster said when he was first McMaster about the allegations . Cohn said : " We ’re not going to comment on Jared . We ’re just We going to comment . " Pressed repeatedly on the matter during a news conference on Saturday that was kept off camera at the White House ’s insistence , McMaster also said McMaster was not McMaster involved with or have any knowledge of " any attempt on Kushner ’s part to set up backchannel communications with Moscow . The FBI , in the course of its investigation into The FBI involvement in the 2016 election , is now also looking at Kushner ’s multiple Kushner’s Trump ’s campaign operation and his contacts with Kushner officials . Kushner Russian acknowledged Kushner during the transition with the Russian ambassador to Washington Russian but Reuters , citing seven current and former US officials , reported Friday that Kushner had several Kushner undisclosed contacts with Russia ’s ambassador     including two phone calls between April and November of 2016 . Kushner ’s lawyer Kushner Gorelick , told CNN in response to the Reuters report : " Mr. Reuters participated in Kushner calls in this time period . He has no recollection of Kushner calls as described . We have asked ( Reuters ) CNN the dates of Reuters alleged calls so we may look into it and respond , but we have not received such information CNN " A White House official close to Kushner pushed back on any notion that Kushner would take leave from his Kushner Wing duties in light Kushner recent reports . This official said Kushner will keep A White House official close to Kushner down and Kushner focused on A White House official close to Kushner work . Kushner is eager to A White House official close to Kushner with any Kushner all inquiries , this official said .   McMaster was A White House official close to Kushner as he faced a barrage of questions from reporters McMaster Saturday about Kushner ’s contacts with the Russians . He Kushner to instead ask him about foreign Kushner and national security issues that Kushner have come up during the President ’s first foreign trip , which has been dogged by the incessant flow of new allegations surrounding the President ’s campaign associates’ contacts with Russian officials the President’s has been updated . 
 