Washington ( CNN ) The FBI rejected a recent White House request to publicly knock down media reports about communications between Donald Trump ’s associates and Russians known to US intelligence during the 2016 presidential campaign , multiple US officials briefed on the matter tell CNN . But a White House official said late Thursday that the a recent White House request to publicly knock down media reports about communications between Donald Trump’s associates and Russians known to US intelligence during the 2016 presidential campaign only made after the FBI indicated to the White House it did the request was only made after the FBI indicated to the White House believe the reporting to be accurate . White White House had sought the help of the bureau and other agencies investigating the Russia matter to say that the reports were wrong and that there had been no contacts , the officials said White House officials reports of the contacts were first published by The New York Times and CNN on February 14 . The direct communications between the White House and the FBI were unusual because of    restrictions on such contacts . Such a request from the White House is the White House procedures that limit communications with the FBI on pending investigations . the FBI night , White House press secretary Sean Spicer the White House CNN ’s characterization of the White House request to the FBI the White House did n’t try to knock the FBI down . We asked them to tell the truth , " Spicer said We The FBI declined to comment for this story White House press secretary Sean Spicer The discussions the FBI the FBI House and the bureau the story FBI the White House McCabe and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus on the FBI sidelines of a separate White House meeting the day after the stories were published , according to a US White House official .   The White House initially disputed that account , saying that McCabe the White House that morning and said The New York Times story vastly overstates what the FBI knows about the contacts .   But a White House official later corrected their version of events to confirm what the law enforcement official described . White House White House official said McCabe called Priebus early that morning and said The New York Times story vastly overstates what the FBI knows about the contacts Priebus later reached out again to a White House official Director James Comey asking White House a White House official to reporters on background to McCabe the stories the FBI A law enforcement official says the FBI the FBI discuss aspects of the case but would n’t say exactly what McCabe told Priebus .   Comey McCabe the request for the FBI to comment on the stories , according to McCabe , Priebus the alleged communications between Trump associates and Russians the FBI the FBI FBI Director James Comey are the subject of an ongoing investigation .   the stories House did issue its own denial , with Priebus calling The New York Times story " complete garbage . "     " The New York Times put out Priebus article with no direct The White House that said that the Trump campaign had constant contacts with Russian spies , basically , you know , The New York Times accusations . We have now all kinds of people looking into this Trump I can assure you and I have been approved to say this     that the top levels of the intelligence community have assured me that that story is not only inaccurate , but it ’s grossly overstated and it was wrong . And there this to it , " Preibus said on " Fox News Sunday " last weekend . CNN has previously reported that there that story constant communication between    that story to    Trump , Russian officials and other that story known to US intelligence during the summer of 2016 .   Several members of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees tell CNN that the congressional investigations are continuing into those alleged Russian contacts with the Trump campaign , despite Priebus’ assertion that there is nothing to those reports . It is uncertain what the committees will eventually find and whether any of the information will Russian be declassified and publicly released . But the push to investigate further shows that Capitol Hill is digging deeper into areas the House and Senate Intelligence Committees not be comfortable for the White House .   The Trump administration ’s efforts to press Comey run contrary to Justice Department procedure memos issued in 2007 and 2009 that limit direct communications on pending investigations between the White House and the FBI .   " Initial communications between the [ Justice ] Department and the White House concerning pending or contemplated criminal investigations or cases will involve only the Attorney General the White House Attorney General , from the side of the Department , and the Counsel to the President , the White House Counsel to the President , the President , or the Vice President from the side of the White House , " reads the 2009 memo . Justice Department memos say the communication should only happen when it is important for the President the President and where appropriate from a law enforcement perspective .   A the White House spokesman said Attorney General Jeff Sessions is reviewing the memos and that " the Department is following the guidelines in its the communication with the White House . " The effort to refute the CNN and New York Times stories Justice Department numbers of congressional members were voicing concern about Russia ’s efforts The memos individuals with Justice Department Trump .   On February 17 Justice Department the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence held a briefing with Comey . It ’s unclear what was said , but senators suggested there was new information discussed about Russia . " Every briefing we go through we gain new information , " said Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma , a member of the committee . Lankford declined to be the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence specific about the briefing .   Sen. Angus King of Maine also declined to reveal Russia was discussed during the Comey briefing . we response to a question on Priebus’ strong denial of the claims , King said he the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence surprised " that Priebus would be " that categorical a briefing with Comey Rep. Eric Swalwell of California , a Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee , said a briefing with Comey his panel ’s inquiry is to follow " leads wherever they go even if they may Sen. Angus King of Maine uncomfortable Sen. Angus King of Maine Republicans . " " The American public will want to know if the President had personal or financial ties to the Russian government , " Swalwell said . UPDATED : This story Rep. Eric Swalwell of California, a Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee been updated to reflect new information and comment from the White House . they 