’’ ’One of the most influential GOP donors took a big swing at Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump in an interview aired Sunday.’ " In an interview , Koch Industries CEO Charles Koch was highly critical of Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump proposals toward Muslims on the campaign trail . " ’The GOP frontrunner last year unveiled a proposal to bar most Muslim immigrants and tourists from entering the US . He also   Koch Industries CEO Charles Koch creating a database to track Muslims in the US , the US later appeared Koch Industries CEO Charles Koch back away from the idea.’ ’"Obviously that’ ’s antithetical to our approach , " he said when Koch Industries CEO Charles Koch about the proposed Muslim ban.’ ’He then went on to lambaste the suggestion of a database.’ ’"But what was worse was this : ’’ We’’ll have them all register . ’’ That’ ’s reminiscent of Nazi Germany . I mean , that’ ’s monstrous , That’ Koch said.’ ’Throughout the interview , Koch   —    who , along with his brother is a Koch  —    financial source for various conservative causes   —    did not express much apparent enthusiasm about the current crop of Republican presidential candidates.’ ’The billionaire donor explained that he and his brother his brother not his brother support a candidate in the Republican race partially because they believed that the candidates he and his brother not focus enough on concrete policy issues.’ ’"We said , ’’ Here are the issues . ’’ You’’ve got to be like Ronald Reagan and compete on making the country better rather than tearing down your opponents . Right off the bat , they didn’’t do it , " Koch said . " More of these personal attacks and pitting one person against the other , that’ ’s the message you’’re sending the country . That’ ’s the country you should that’ —    you’’re role models , and you’’re terrible role models . " ’ ’Despite being   Koch even left open the door Koch tepidly backing former Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton in a general election . He said it’ ’s " possible Koch that Clinton could be a better option former Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton a Republican candidate.’ ’’ ’One of the most influential . .. ’ 
 