Authors Larry Kudlow and Brian Domitrovic joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about Authors Larry Kudlow and Brian Domitrovic new book , JFK and the Reagan Revolution : A Secret History of American Prosperity . [ " John F. Kennedy was really the first    post World War II , " said Larry Kudlow . " John F. Kennedy was the pioneer in lowering marginal tax rates , which creates more incentives to work and invest and take risks . "    " It was very , very important for John F. Kennedy to do this . The economy was in a slump during the Eisenhower fifties , " John F. Kennedy recalled . " John F. Kennedy and John F. Kennedy Treasury man , Douglas Dillon , broke out of a slump during the Eisenhower fifties . " " The other point that needs to be made in the John F. Kennedy policy mix is John F. Kennedy wanted a strong dollar , " Kudlow said , continuing : John F. Kennedy wanted to keep the a strong dollar good as gold , at $ 35 an ounce . Now , connect the dots , twenty    years later . Ronald Reagan comes in , the economy is even worse , and he needs Ronald Reagan elixir to fix this . And Reagan and Ronald Reagan friends Ronald Reagan staff said , " Wait a minute . Why do n’t we just use the JFK tax rate cuts ? Let ’s just we it . the JFK tax rate cuts " Kennedy was Ronald Reagan the pioneer . Reagan was Ronald Reagan duplicating it , the pioneer Kudlow said . He elaborated Kudlow saying : Reagan gave Ronald Reagan all Ronald Reagan of credit , in many , many speeches , which we have in the book . So , you know , guess what , Democrats ? Guess what , Hillary ? All you want to do is jack up taxes on individuals , and on corporations , and on capital gains , and it ai n’t gon na work . You ’re not gon na tax your way into prosperity . He said Democrats have " forgotten JFK ’s    legacy . In fact , the Democrats Democrats it out of Democrats own history Democrats " Domitrovic agreed that " none too many " people are aware of how similar JFK ’s economic JFK were to Reagan ’s . " It ’s not only the liberal media it ’s also It that hijacked this history for fifty years , " he said , Domitrovic added : Because of the assassination , we got to listen to the professors who advised Kennedy to increase spending and raise taxes , that they got their the professors who advised Kennedy to increase spending and raise taxes passed the professors who advised Kennedy to increase spending and raise taxes the sixties   —    in that the tax cut was really some kind of Keynesian thing that would increase demand . Well , that was wrong . Kennedy spurned that Kennedy , and he took the Kennedy of his Republican Treasury Kennedy —    not an academic   —    Douglas Dillon . But because of the assassination , Kennedy was n’t Kennedy to correct that record , and then the academics , who write all the time , made sure that they laid down the academics, who write all the time version of the academics, who write all the time . So it ’s really high time to correct that story . That ’s what we tried to do in this book . Kudlow advised listeners to purchase and memorize the book , this book it was a mere this book pages long . " It ’s all there this book It ’s good scholarship this book It ’s good economic this book , " he said , recommending Kudlow as important policy this book for finally putting an end to the economic doldrums of the Obama years . " We had this deep recession in 2008 , 2009 , and so forth . It ’s a national this book . And Obama comes in , and he tries the exact Obama failed policy that JFK ’s liberal economists tried , i. e. lots and lots of government spending , " Kudlow said . " Remember ? Obama ’s package was Obama what , a trillion dollars , slightly less , all government spending . So it did n’t work ’s package It did n’t work ’s package and this turns out to be the worst recovery since World War II . " Kudlow said : Well Kudlow Kennedy had something quite similar , as Brian indicates . His liberal advisers   Kennedy    Samuelson and James Tobin and Walter Heller and so forth   —    they told him to His liberal advisers  —   Samuelson and James Tobin and Walter Heller and so forth  —    , Kennedy , spend in 1961 , and it did n’t work . The third of the three Eisenhower recessions spilled over into Kennedy ’s first year Kennedy Kennedy knew that if he Kennedy n’t grow the Kennedy at five percent a year , that was his target , he would Kennedy be    Kennedy it was a cat’   victory in the first place . He explained that Kennedy went Kennedy a " Kennedy direction " when he saw the liberal plan Kennedy , giving Dillon , a holdover from the Eisenhower administration , and his supporters a chance to Kennedy the President ’s ear .    " They put a package together Kennedy went in a "different direction" when he saw the liberal plan fail, giving Dillon, a holdover from the Eisenhower administration, and his supporters a chance to get the President’s ear and they said to Kennedy , Kennedy went in a "different direction" when he saw the liberal plan fail, giving Dillon, a holdover from the Eisenhower administration, and his supporters a chance to get the President’s ear No , Kennedy want a permanent reduction Kennedy went in a "different direction" when he saw the liberal plan fail, giving Dillon, a holdover from the Eisenhower administration, and his supporters a chance to get the President’s ear these outrageously high marginal tax rates.’    percent was the top rate . Can you imagine that ? " Kudlow marveled . He said : Eisenhower , Kudlow Republican , never even touched it . They followed through , and Eisenhower, the Republican after JFK ’s tragic assassination , LBJ piloted through , in 1964 , and it boomed . The economy had started booming slowly in ’62 because they had an investment tax Eisenhower, the Republican , which a decent idea . And then it really picked up steam it Everybody was talking about Kennedy ’s tax cuts . He gave speeches for the Kennedy York Economics Club . He gave speeches to the Kennedy . He said he loved how Kennedy " Kennedy said , Kennedy cut tax rates , the economy will expand , and tax revenues will come flowing in , to pay for itself . " " Now the economy that ’s Art Laffer , in the     seventies ! " Kudlow exclaimed , adding : I actually still believe that . So Kennedy is a very important Kennedy pivotal figure not just overall in the country , but for the nation view . Very important . And the fact that Reagan took that bit and ran with it is also extremely important . But my point is that Kennedy , the Democrat , Kennedy Reagan , the Republican , used Reagan reduction of marginal tax rates to promote growth . Reagan had a fabulous recovery that Reagan into the nineties . Writing JFK ’s tax cuts out of their history allows Democrats to support Hillary Clinton , whose message is , " We ’re gon na raise taxes on the    rich and rich corporations and capital gains and la de da , " in Kudlow ’s rendering . " She ought to read our book because then she might begin to understand what She ’s missing , " he She . " Hell , then she might begin to understand what she’s missing ought to talk to her She , who cut the She gains tax in the    when the Republicans took Congress . " However , Kudlow mournfully admitted that far from Kudlow JFK ’s lessons , the modern Democrat Party would have no room for a man who hailed from the conservative wing of his party , even by the the modern Democrat Party the early sixties . " Kennedy would be a Republican today JFK He would be a " he JFK . " The Democrats JFK just completely deserted that . " Domitrovic talked about JFK ’s " keen interest in history , particularly the history of the Democratic Party , " which included such figures as party founder John C. Calhoun   —    Kennedy ’s predecessor as the " JFK   " of the Democrat pantheon . " He really had an eye for the JFK    biographer of John C. Calhoun in 1950 , and that was a young woman named Margaret Coit , who Kennedy actually dated for several months JFK before he proposed to Jackie in 1953 , JFK Domitrovic said . " And then for the rest of his life , Kennedy always said that JFK of JFK favorite books of all time JFK Margaret Coit ’s John C. Calhoun : American Portrait . And Calhoun was a   . " Kudlow clarified that " the tax rate in the 19th century was the tariff rate because we did n’t have an income tax in those days . We had one briefly through the Civil we , but then it was repealed afterwards . " " So the Democrats were the   . The Republicans were the protectionist tax increasers , through the tariff , " Kudlow said , arguing there was " Kudlow reason the Democrats could n’t go back to the Democrats roots and become    again , the Democrats other than party politics shifting " so far to the Left that the Democratic Party is now waging class warfare , talking about income inequality and redistribution   —    but that is not the legacy of their party . " " If you revive the Democrats Kennedy story on lowering tax rates , it might   —    it might   the Kennedy story    send some messages the Kennedy story signals to the Democratic Party , " Kudlow hoped . the Democratic Party Reagan could never have passed his tax Kudlow in 1981 Kennedy’s tax cuts of about 70 , Reagan conservative ,    Democrats in the House . They were called " Boll Weevils " in those days . Reagan reached across the aisle and persuaded them Reagan this would be good for growth . This would be They for their regions . They were mostly Southerners   —    and they They it . They bought into it . " Now , They , This do They see politicians This people on the other side of the aisle . The atmosphere is completely changed it ’s become very the aisle " he observed . " So Republicans The atmosphere Democrats names . Democrats call Republicans This . This should change . "   " The country needs a change because the trick the nation to revive economic growth . Growth is the essence of the United States , and we ’ve been in such a lousy mood   —    cranky , you know , pessimistic   —    because we have n’t grown in 15 years plus . We have n’t had wage we in 15 years plus , " Kudlow contended we Marlow noted this was not the message Kudlow to American news consumers by media supportive of Barack Obama , much Obama way media and academia have suppressed JFK ’s history as a    to preserve a narrative JFK’s JFK eternally to the Left . In both cases , the needs of a political narrative the Left objective truth . Kudlow said the truth of the current U. S. economy was " Kudlow poor , " calling it a "   economy . " " Actually less than two percent , " he elaborated the truth of the current U. S. economy " Really , go back to the year 2000 Kudlow But under Obama ’s    recovery , Obama gets back to the issue of government spending as a failure to promote growth , he ’s running two percent . And actually , in the last Kudlow oh , four or five quarters , we ’re running closer to one percent . " Also , Kudlow said that " while it ’s true the official unemployment rate Kudlow dropped under five percent , it ’s also true that millions of people have just dropped out of the labor force altogether it " " That ’s a very bad sign , " he warned : Part of that is just discouragement , part of Kudlow is because government welfare payments have grown too large , and it all boils down to the lack of growth . You ca n’t run a great country ’s economy with one to two percent growth . You can not do it . This country has no tradition like that . We grow the nation at three to four percent , and coming out the economy deep recession , we should have gone five , six , seven percent , like we did under Reagan . He further We that " profit is falling the last five quarters , business We has Reagan up Reagan productivity is falling this is the heart of the economy . If you do n’t have healthy businesses , you the economy going to get good jobs and wages . " When Marlow noted that " aside from , literally , Donald Trump and the    community , it seems like no Marlow wants to make money anymore , " Kudlow said he was not Kudlow overcome Kudlow pessimism about the culture . " I think what we ’ve done here is , we ’ve unwound a lot of incentives to grow . I think that ’s really the biggest problem , " we said , adding : Kudlow I think taxes is a good place to start because we ’ve been raising taxes . And another place is regulations , which are tax costs by another name . If you ’re not growing , you ’re not gon na create the jobs you need . That , to me , is the biggest problem , and I do n’t know how this is gon na work out . He described Trump the biggest problem imperfect candidate , " but he praised Trump ’s tax Kudlow plan as " very much Donald Trump the    tradition . " " If he were to Donald Trump Kudlow he goes down that road Kudlow you ’re going to see big , big , big pickup in economic growth , " Kudlow predicted . " But right now , this is a lousy recovery . This Kudlow a    slowdown in the economy , and it ’s got to be fixed . It just the economy to be fixed this Otherwise , America is going to be in deep this for the long term . " this The American people love economic growth . It is in our bones . It always has been , " Domitrovic added . " It ’s as central to the American idea as anything . Economic Domitrovic is It there with the civil rights revolution , with our It freedoms , with you name it . " Of his hopes for JFK and the Reagan Revolution , Domitrovic said : So the story is , we have JFK the great tradition of economic Domitrovic . I think the readership should not only be everyone interested in this election , but even those who are a little bit disaffected by our political scene , who just want simple ,    great American prosperity that needs to be carried into the 21st century , and we be a beacon for global prosperity and freedom . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 