Moscow ( CNN ) Nine days before the US presidential election , Russian TV anchor Dmitry Kiselev ranted about America ’s " democracy : " Millions of " dead souls " voting ! Voters bused around a city , casting ballots eight to ten times ! Biggest scandal in history ! This week , Russian TV anchor Dmitry Kiselev barely mentioned the US , although Russian TV anchor Dmitry Kiselev did take a few digs at the " West " for its " boorishness " and " arrogance . " Donald Trump ’s victory stunned Russia ’s    media . media had overwhelmingly supported Donald Trump , for months , insisted the American system was so " fixed , " so corrupt , that an outsider simply had no chance of being elected .   When the impossible happened , the Russian propaganda machine temporarily froze , then pivoted , admitting that maybe , just maybe , this time the " people " had beaten the the American system With Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump to the White House , the tone in Moscow is now cautiously hopeful that Trump Donald Trump follow through on his Donald Trump words about Russian President Russian Putin , and might even become an ally . READ MORE : Russia pledges to improve US relations , Less unease over US , Channeling Donald Trump earlier " Would n’t it be nice if we got along with Russia ? " Russia , Putin this week Russian President Vladimir Putin , reassuringly , " We do n’t look for enemies and have never done so . We need friends we "   And he ’s made Russian President Vladimir Putin official : Donald Trump Donald Trump in his view , Donald Trump smart . " " Since he was successful Donald Trump business , this proves he is a Donald Trump person , " Putin said in an Russian President Vladimir Putin last week with Russia ’s NTV . " As a smart person , he ’s able to Russian President Vladimir Putin to grips quickly with another level of responsibility and we expect him to act Donald Trump this stance in mind . " Many of Putin ’s fellow Russians Russian President Vladimir Putin to be taking their cue from him fellow Russians and Donald Trump the media that exhaustively cover his remarks . Donald Trump Ekaterina and Stanislav , both young IT specialists , were wheeling their baby Victoria     Ekaterina and Stanislav, both young IT specialists up against the cold     down Kamergersky street in downtown Moscow .   " I really do think there ’s hope that relations will get better , " Ekaterina told me . Ekaterina There ’s no reason to be enemies . Absolutely none ! It ’s better to be friendly , respect each other , because we ’re all human beings . And if this tension disappears , that would be fantastic    for everyone ! " Stanislav said he ’s seeing less Stanislav about the US in the news . " Because there ’s hope , that ’s why there ’s less tension . Everyone is expecting that something good will happen . " READ MORE : Trump , Putin talk about future links , Positive media portrayal , A new poll by the Levada Center suggests more than half of Russians think relations with the US will improve the US Trump presidency .   Another Trump Center poll , published the Levada Center financial newspaper RBK , says the number of Russians who want better relations with Russians West is at its highest     71 %     the West March 2000 , the start of the Putin presidency , when 76 % expressed that opinion .   That ’s a big change from a year and a half ago a July 2015 poll found only 50 % of Russians wanted closer ties . Moscow Russians at that point , was struggling against economic sanctions imposed by the US and Europe in response to its annexation of Crimea .   Moscow explanation for the improvement , according to Levada Center assistant director Alexey Grazhdankin , is the Russian media ’s positive depiction of Donald Trump . " People in television are savvy , " says Maria Lipman ,     of Counterpoint Journal . " They know very well how to People in television their instrument , which happens to People in television the Kremlin ’s major political resource , how to tune it to further the Kremlin ’s interests in the best possible ways . " Lipman says it ’s like a Maria Lipman     Maria Lipman can turn it on and off : " it anger , less anger . They can switch from one focus More anger, less anger another , they can play down any subject More anger, less anger want to , or boost More anger, less anger , or ignore something . This is an instrument that is fully pliable and flexible in the hands of the top managers and senior editors of national television . " Moscow ’s message to its people , she says , Moscow not just that America is bad , but that the Obama administration is to blame , " which , indirectly , maybe suggests that the next administration will be better . " READ MORE : Kremlin says Trump could fix ’lousy’ US ties , Putin : It ’s not our fault , Kremlin ’s America , not Russia Kremlin that has to change , according to Moscow . As President Putin himself has said many Putin It ’s not our fault " that relations are bad .   Back out on Kamergersky street , Stanislav agrees with Putin : " To a great degree it Putin the fault of American politicians because they are pretty aggressive as a whole and American politicians ’re taking a defensive reaction , " he told me . " But I think Stanislav ’re open for a dialogue . " we has been kept at fever pitch for almost three years , ever since Russia ’s annexation of Crimea and the West ’s angry response . Some Russians we spoke with seemed relieved that the pressure might be easing .   " We were really worried , " Tatyana , we retired woman from Moscow , told me . " We wanted it to be Trump . Relations we get better . " The tone , from the Kremlin and from the media , Lipman says , is more hopeful " but in their [ the Kremlin ’s ] own deliberations , I think the Kremlin are very aware that they do n’t their what to expect . their Mikhail Fishman , news anchor for the independent TV station Dozhd [ Rain ] agrees . Putin and his administration do n’t know what will happen Putin Trump , " but the Kremlin knows that the tool it has in its hands is very effective the Kremlin and public the Kremlin can be turned in either direction quite easily . " READ MORE : Putin says Russia is ready to work with Putin , Foe turns into to partner , Trump social attitudes are very flexible and very manageable , Fishman says , especially when it comes to foreign policy .   " It ’s harder to make people think their refrigerators are full of good food . people to explain to them that this is your enemy or this people your friend , this is what works historically [ over the past 20 years ] quite well . " It ’s not that Russians want to destroy America , he says . " America lies deep in Fishman nation ’s inferiority America . It ’s the route to channel this understanding It we have not achieved what we wanted . .. what we aspired to we that many years and we basically failed . " " It ’s we and anger is a feeling that you can easily manage , " Fishman explains . " A foe can turn into a partner . And that ’s why it ’s so easy to turn it around It " Donald Trump could become It ’s     and Putin ’s     best friend . .. or not . And regardless of how it all turns out , Russia ’s state media can pivot , again Russia It can easily turn back , " Fishman says , " and I would say Fishman is very , very possible . " READ MORE : Putin says Trump agrees    ties must improve , Putin Donald Trump street , I asked Lyudmila , a homemaker from the Siberian city of Novosibirsk , whether she thinks relations with the US will improve under President Trump .   She answers slowly , Donald Trump . " We will she . We will see how things develop . How can I We that things will be better ? We will see . " 
 We 