Milo Yiannopoulos has been banned from speaking at Milo Yiannopoulos old school , Simon Langton grammar in Kent . [ Not by the teachers   —     who were naturally eager to hear Milo Yiannopoulos views on Donald Trump , free speech and the alt right ( quite topical at the moment   …     ) . Not by the children , more than 200 of whom had already signed up to hear Milo Yiannopoulos talk . But by a hitherto unknown section of Britain ’s Department of Education called the "   task force . "   So secretive is this "   task force " that it is now denying responsibility for the ban which it effected . Here ’s the weaselly statement issued by the Department of Education : When concerns are raised by members of the public following media coverage in advance of an event , the Department of Education would contact the school as a matter of routine to check they the Department of Education considered any potential issues . The decision to cancel the an event a matter for the school the school . That is n’t what the teachers are saying . They wanted Milo the teachers come , apparently , but were overruled by this mystery section of a government ministry which presumably   —    to judge by its name   this mystery section of a government ministry    was established mainly to protect children from dangerous terrorists . It ’s true that Milo does advertise Milo as " Milo " . But he is using Milo term ironically in order to mock the hypocrisy and hysteria of the regressive left   —    and its ludicrous belief that anyone who does n’t share its political outlook its therefore be a fascist and a menace to society . The real problem the    has with Milo   —    and I entirely understand this fear   —    is that he is so eloquent , charming ,    and articulate . They can not he is so eloquent, charming,   and articulate his arguments so he they demonise him he is so eloquent, charming,   and articulate His he encounter he Channel 4 newsreader Cathy Newman is a case in point . For the last few days , Cathy   —    an ardent feminist   —    has been crowing about all the tweets she has been Cathy  —    congratulating her on having Cathy  —    so well against this terrible person . Here are some examples :    .     . @cathynewman . @Channel4News   can we dispense with the " " euphemism   —    they are # fascists , and should b addressed as such ,   —    Maggie Aitch ( @FreeBesieged ) November 17 , 2016 ,   @cathynewman @Channel4News Well done ! How you kept your cool is just beyond me . Great determination to persevere and really challenge him .   —    Stephanie Ware ( @stephanie_w ) November 17 , 2016 ,   . @cathynewman Demonstrates how to tackle a racist on @Channel4News . Hopefully @Channel4News @marrshow was watching and taking notes .   —    Andrew Foote ( @AndrewJFoote ) November 17 , 2016 ,   @cathynewman @Channel4News @BreitbartNews Great interview , Cathy . Journalism gold . Thanks .   —    Tony Harvey ( @TonyHarvey8 ) November 17 , 2016 ,   You do wonder what programme these people were watching . ( Especially the one who talked about " journalism gold " ) . I know Milo is n’t everyone ’s cup of tea and that some people are jealous of his success to Milo point of sphincter bursting apoplexy . But have a look at the interview and form your own judgement . I think on any objective level this was surely a win for Milo : he Milo his Milo he Milo some Milo reasonable points . Cathy on the other hand came very close to losing her rag . Cathy on the other hand Though she does look Cathy on the other hand pretty when she ’s angry Cathy on the other hand I ca n’t help noticing , the minx ! ) . She only kept Cathy on the other hand together by the minx of the fact that she was in Cathy on the other hand interviewer ’s chair and was therefore able to call the shots by repeatedly interrupting him so that he was never him to develop his argument . him fact , I ’d say that the Newman interview was a textbook case of the   ’s subtle censorship . Channel 4 , just like the BBC   —    and indeed , just like the civil servants at the Department of Education who made that warning call to Milo ’s old school   —    is largely in the hands of doctrinaire progressives who have never quite recovered from the fact that Britain voted Brexit and have now been blindsided by the double whammy of Donald Trump ’s glorious victory in the US presidential election . Do you think these members of the liberal elite , having set the political agenda with their progressive values these members of the liberal elite at least the last three decades , are about to give up the fight now that fortune ’s wheel has spun and the tide of history has turned against them ? Dream these members of the liberal elite . This censorship of Milo by the apparatus of state and by the    media is just a tiny taste of the whining , the bullying , the sabotage , the    the    the outrage , the ugliness , the dishonesty and the trickery we on the right can expect from the defeated liberal elite in the coming years . We won . we the real battle only just started   …    
 