Dr. Ben Carson confirmed five people on presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s list of potential vice presidential running mates in a recent interview . [ Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , the 2008 VP running mate to John McCain , was one of Dr. Ben Carson said Dr. Ben Carson on the list presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s list of potential vice presidential running mates rest are all former 2016 GOP presidential candidates : Trump ’s presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s Sen. Ted Cruz , Ohio Gov. John Kasich , Sen. Marco Rubio , and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie .   Carson named Dr. Ben Carson VP contenders to the Washington Post during a car ride with his wife Dr. Ben Carson to Candy . Carson has Dr. Ben Carson traveling as a spokesman for Trump . He has Dr. Ben Carson been placed on a committee working on pinning down a running mate for the real estate mogul turned GOP presumptive presidential nominee . Candy was noted in the backseat exchange as saying Carson was Dr. Ben Carson on the list . They had been discussing a poll which named Carson as a favorable Trump running mate . The list Trump five may not be all of the names on the list . However , in the list , Trump told the Associated Press that he had whittled the VP short list Trump five or six . Trump did not , however , reveal Trump those five or six were . During an interview with Fox News host Greta Van Susteren , he suggested that the list was five Trump six or the list He also suggested former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer Trump Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin could be on the list and that there were at least the list women on the list when Van Susteren asked . He said the list one on Fox News host Greta Van Susteren that would Trump be as    as the others . Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is said to be heading up the VP selection process . The final choice is expected to be revealed at the July Republican National convention where Trump will presumably be named the official Republican nominee . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 