  ( CNN ) A football coach from Charlotte , a project manager from Florida and a teaching assistant from Iowa . Three people from three different backgrounds with a dedication to three different causes . But there ’s one thing that united Three people from three different backgrounds with a dedication to three different causes this year : Three people from three different backgrounds with a dedication to three different causes were among the thousands who took to the streets across the nation and captured the moment for social platforms . Here ’s a look at three of the year ’s biggest protests through the eyes of the three , as they reflect on that day and what came after .   Charlotte ’s night of chaos |   North Dakota ’s water warriors | Iowa ’s election angst , Charlotte ’s night of chaos , Zach Locke remembers it vividly : the pungent taste of the tear gas , the ringing sound of gunshots and the chaos and confusion of a city erupting in anger . It was September 21 and Locke , along with Zach Locke roommate , joined hundreds of others who had descended on Charlotte to protest the fatal police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott .   Before Keith Lamont Scott , there had been Alton Sterling and Philando Castile . After Keith Lamont Scott , there would be others . Frustration had been bubbling . Black lives matter , echoed the chants from Baton Rouge to Minneapolis .   Locke is a local football coach and Locke and Locke roommate were practicing when Keith Lamont Scott was shot on September 20 . Locke remembered seeing squad cars speed past squad cars and a chopper fly overhead .   " I think it kind of hit us , because it happened just down the road from us , " Locke told us . And so , Locke marched the following night . " Honestly , neither of us knew what to expect , " Locke told us . " us just kind of wanted to be there . us wanted to witness and take part in a huge moment for us city and community.’ But then , the night took a sharp turn . A peaceful protest turned into a disorderly riot .   " I heard gun shots . All hell broke loose , " Locke recalled . " I ca n’t stress enough how much the night got out of control . " One protester was shot and killed by someone and a police officer was injured . Locke saw people break into businesses . He Locke police toss tear gas and flash bangs into the crowd .   " It brings back a lot of emotions . Confusion and pain are probably amongst the two strongest , " he Locke . " There was so much pain and hurt on display that night . The whole city was on edge . I ’ll never forget those moments . " Locke wishes things had n’t ended the way they things that that night   " To be clear , these were two separate events : a peaceful protest that created a difficult and real conversation around race relations , police violence , and big societal problems . And an ugly , unorganized , and     riot that undermined the earlier protest . "   Back to top , North Dakota ’s water warriors , Sanjay Patel is a project manager for a biotech firm who lives in Satellite Beach , Florida . That ’s a good 2 , 000 miles away from Cannon Ball , South Dakota North Dakota where thousands of protesters stood this year with the Standing Rock Sioux tribe and against a proposed pipeline .   Patel and his Sanjay Patel flew Sanjay Patel three times . They had to Patel and his wife he says : Patel and his wife Our Native American Patel and his wife and sisters had put a call out for people to come stand alongside them in their people for people and clean water . As Martin Luther King once said , ’Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . ’ " They were there December 5 when the tribe won a small victory , when the Army Corp of Engineers announced it would look the Army Corp of Engineers an alternate route for the Dakota Access Pipeline     one that would n’t burrow through sacred ground .   But the moment that sticks out in Patel ’s mind is from a month earlier     November 6 .   A group of protesters defied police warnings and tried to canoe across a small river to Turtle Island , a sacred Sioux burial site . Police did n’t want that , since the island is Turtle Island the construction site . Cops and protesters met . Tear gas flew . " The water protectors were not dissuaded and eventually began approaching the top of the hill where they were met with The water protectors teargas canisters being thrown at them , " he The water protectors . " After a few tense hours , the water protectors left The water protectors no one was arrested that day . " Demonstrations against the pipeline spread , past North Dakota and across the nation . Activists united , through pickets and petitions .    " Looking back at my and many others’ Facebook live videos from Standing Rock , they evoke for me much sadness my and many others’ Facebook live videos from Standing Rock anger , " Sanjay said .   His wife , Stacey , feels Sanjay same way . But she says she prefers to nurse His wife, Stacey different His wife, Stacey : The love she felt people had for each His wife, Stacey at the site . " It was profoundly moving to watch a group of people attempting to pray at the graves of their ancestors only to be sprayed people attempting to pray at the graves of their ancestors tear gas .   I was in awe at their determination and fierce love for people attempting to pray at the graves of their ancestors ancestors and shocked by the their ancestors which the state would go to stop them from praying . " The Patels their ancestors to continue to join peaceful movements around Florida and the US . " Another takeaway I had was that not only are we going to have to truly come together in order to fight for justice , it is also possible to do so , " Patel said . " Nearly 300 Native American nations have come together at Standing Rock , some of these nations have been sworn enemies , Nearly 300 Native American nations are all standing in solidarity now     some of these nations is unprecedented in history . " Back to top , Iowa ’s election angst , For Dalina Aimée Perdomo , this election year was the most significant . It was her first time voting since her this election year from Puerto Rico . " My her who live in Puerto Rico have never been able to vote Puerto Rico president , " she said .    When the results came her , the teaching assistant joined other college students as they marched through the streets of Iowa City . My parents who live in Puerto Rico , like many across the country , chanted My parents who live in Puerto Rico my president’ and ’Love Trumps hate.’   " At first , when we met up , it was emotional with an air of disappointment , " Perdomo said . " When we started marching it was unified , determined , we . " it recalls Trump supporters yelling slurs as they passed by , but that did n’t stop Trump supporters from marching through the city for three hours slurs   " When people were cheering us on and giving us high five from cars we everyone was excited we happy , " she said .   Her most memorable moment was She they briefly blocked She a major highway in the Trump supporters . " I feel proud that students at my school feel so strongly for fighting for what they think is right , and I am glad students at my school was a part of it , " she said .   " While the protest might She have changed much , I feel now that lack of action is even more ineffective in and of itself , and at the very least we can the protest make a statement , " Perdomo said . Back to top 
 