  ( CNN ) As President Donald Trump continues to pillory House conservatives who derailed efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare , President Donald Trump took a different tack Sunday with one of the Republican senators who had been loudly egging House conservatives who derailed efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare on , inviting Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul to play golf at one of President Donald Trump eponymous courses . White House spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham confirmed that Trump was playing golf with Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul as well as White House budget director Mick Mulvaney at Trump National Golf Club in Potomac Falls , Virginia . It was the President ’s 14th trip to one of his the President’s in just over 10 weeks since taking office in January . Grisham added that health care would be a big focus at discussions during the outing .   After the game was through , Paul told reporters he Paul to be " very optimistic " about an agreement on repealing Obamacare , saying a deal was getting " closer and closer " and tweeting out the same .   The the game just more than Paul week after House Speaker Paul Ryan pulled the American Health Care Act , a    bill that would repeal and replace major parts of Obamacare , from consideration on the floor of the chamber . Paul was among the most Paul opponents of the bill , which he derided as " Obamacare Paul . " The senator visited members of Paul House Freedom Caucus to help shore up opposition to the bill . Trump has attacked the bill, which he derided as "Obamacare lite Caucus for its stance , the conservative House Freedom Caucus of its members Trump Twitter .   In the immediate Trump of the bill ’s collapse , Trump said the bill, which he derided as "Obamacare lite moving on from health care until Trump " Trump . " But Sunday morning , shortly before Paul was seen joining the presidential motorcade , Trump tweeted that talks to repeal and replace Obamacare were Trump ongoing . Separately , in an interview with the Financial Times done Friday and published Sunday , Trump said that , in the end , he did Trump want to hold a vote on the Trump bill . After House Speaker Paul Ryan came to the White House a week ago Friday to inform the President bill the bill did not Friday the votes to pass , the first bill pulled the legislation .   " I do n’t House to lose the first bill that was n’t a definitive day , " Trump said . " They are negotiating as we speak Trump I do n’t know if you know . They are negotiating right now . There was no reason to take They vote . I said , ’Don’t take a vote,’ and we will see what happens .   " But , one way or the other , I promised the people great health care , " Trump said . " We are going to have great Trump care in his country . Now , it will be in one Trump or another . It will be a repeal and replace of Obamacare which is the deal that is being negotiated now . And if we do n’t get the . .. Freedom Caucus there , that would be fine . . .. [ W]hen you have zero Democrats , zero , you need close to 100 % of the Republicans " . For years , as he contemplated a presidential run , Trump criticized President Barack Obama for his golf outings , but in the 10 weeks since taking office he the former    developer and reality TV star has played on his own courses numerous times . Sunday ’s trip marks the ninth he Trump has visited one of his namesake properties as President . White Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer Trump defended the trips , saying Trump has talked about how to use the game to build relationships Trump people . Spicer has also pointed out that Trump has not played golf every White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer he visited one of his Trump , instead conducting official business in White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer clubhouses , such White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at his     resort in Florida and meeting with some Cabinet officials and White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer staff at his Virginia golf course . The White House ’s comments Sunday providing White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer details about the President ’s game with Paul and Mulvaney came in contrast to its previous reluctance to discuss Trump ’s time at his properties and Mulvaney the golf course specifically . 
 his Virginia golf course his Virginia golf course Trump 