Scott Adams , the creator of Dilbert and a blogger who correctly predicted the rise of Donald Trump , wrote Thursday that Hillary Clinton ’s use of medication and alcohol make Hillary Clinton thought process less consistent than Donald Trump ’s . [ On Donald Trump personal blog , the author described Hillary Clinton as " part human , part pharmacological " while Donald Trump —    who does not drink or take drugs   —    is " not a chemical cyborg with a personality that is driven by big pharma , " in Adams’ view .   Trump Donald Trump n’t drink . He Donald Trump has . He Donald Trump n’t take illegal drugs either . He Donald Trump the same guy at night that he Donald Trump in the morning . He Donald Trump not a chemical cyborg with a personality that is driven by big pharma . Clinton , on the other hand , is part human , part pharmacological   . Her Clinton is at least partly determined by whatever cocktail of meds and wine are in her Clinton at any given moment . In   other words , she Clinton just like most adults . Our personalities are the product of the drugs in our system , for better or for worse . Do you make the same decisions when you are tired ? Do you make the the same decisions you ’re angry , depressed , or in pain ? Probably not . So if meds are fixing those conditions , those meds are meds your decisions . And that introduces risk . Trump brings with him all the risks Trump being Trump , but he does seem to Trump the same person every day . Clinton brings with her all the risks Clinton being Clinton , plus any extra risks from a glass of wine or    meds . That risk could be nearly nothing . Or not . We have no way to know . Clinton has used prescription Clinton thinners since 1998 , thanks to a history of blood clots . The latest public information from her physicians says that Clinton is on Coumadin Clinton Talk show host Drew Pinsky , better known as Dr. Drew , told Breitbart News that Clinton ’s Coumadin regimen Clinton out of the ordinary . But , when you read she had a history Clinton previous deep venous thrombosis in 1998 and 2009   —    she ’s had twice Clinton clot in her leg   — Clinton these are serious clots that lead to something called pulmonary embolism , which can also cause sudden death . So , she has an underlying Clinton blood clot in her leg , a Clinton in her transverse sinus   Clinton     why is she clotting ? And Clinton why would you leave her on the oldest Clinton sort of most treacherous anticoagulant ? If you ’re going to leave somebody on an anticoagulant , why the oldest , old fashion anticoagulant   —    which by the way I ’m a fan of Coumadin , I ’m a fan of ’m   —    but for kind of spurious reasons , would n’t you think somebody who ’s a candidate for president [ would ] have one of the newer anticoagulants that are safer , and the indications for her staying on anticoagulants somebody who’s a candidate for president kind of spurious   …     it makes me worry about the sophistication of the healthcare she is getting . somebody who’s a candidate for president the campaign trail , Clinton has suffered repeated coughing fits   —    some lasting several minutes . The press has noticed that cough drops and lozenges are now a regular step in her    ritual . somebody who’s a candidate for president campaign and physician somebody who’s a candidate for president , however , that she is in good somebody who’s a candidate for president and ready to serve as    . Adams , best known for his syndicated comic strip Adams is also a trained hypnotist and expert in the field of persuasion . Long before the world of political pundits took Trump seriously as a candidate , Adams wrote that his Adams persuasion skills Trump help him win the presidency Trump —    as early as the first Fox News debate . Now , Adams predicts that Trump Adams beat Clinton Trump a " landslide " come November . He often caveats his Adams of Trump Adams technique , Trump should not be construed as an endorsement of his policies . 
 Adams 