  ( CNN ) It turns out Donald Trump is a politician , after all . After spending nearly a year bulldozing the Republican primary field , the party ’s unlikely nominee has found the general election campaign a less hospitable ground . the party’s unlikely nominee blunt pitch has mostly flopped during a    run that has seen the party’s unlikely nominee poll numbers plummet amid a series of controversies and damaging feuds .     Confronted with electoral mortality , Trump has again     but in the most dramatic terms to date     done what anxious candidates have been doing for decades : the party’s unlikely nominee replaced the party’s unlikely nominee top staff . Trump campaign    The decision to bring aboard Breitbart executive Steve Bannon as Breitbart executive Steve Bannon chief executive was greeted with a mix of surprise and curiosity , a Trump specialty , and an expectation of    tactics . At the same time , the elevation of seasoned GOP operative Kellyanne Conway from senior adviser and pollster to campaign manager signaled a more intriguing possible move toward normalcy .   And the initial sidelining of campaign chairman Paul Manafort foreshadowed Friday ’s news : campaign chairman Paul Manafort brought in to impose some discipline on the candidate and his campaign chairman Paul Manafort would no longer be a part of it his campaign seasoned GOP operative Kellyanne Conway promise on Thursday morning to " sharpen the message " and " win the argument everyday , " while hinting at debate prep details , were biting for their blandness . Mitt Romney , who has set himself up Mitt Romney year as a moral and political foil to Trump , might even recognize some of the catchphrases and tactics being floated in the past 48 hours . His campaign Mitt Romney was flailing into the fall , constantly resetting , promising " More Mitt " and pointing to the debates as the turning point to come .    Meet the woman tapped to help save Trump ’s campaign , First , though , Trump had Trump’s deliver a shock to the narrative .   He did Trump’s in Charlotte Thursday night , delivering a very public     if equally vague     acknowledgment of any " personal pain " caused by his past Trump’s . The goal ? Give supporters and wavering allies a jolt and hope that this latest shakeup , reset and pivot would be different than the four or five that had fallen by the wayside , usually not more than a day or two after they began this latest shakeup, reset and pivot would be different than the four or five that had fallen by the wayside   It certainly caught the eye of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , which moved quickly to stamp out any discussion of a " new Trump . "   " Donald Trump a "new Trump his campaign by a "new Trump people , " Clinton spokeswoman Hillary Clinton’s Reynolds said in a statement Thursday night . " He has continued Clinton spokeswoman Christina Reynolds do so through each of the 428 days from then until now , without shame or regret . We learned tonight that his speechwriter and Clinton spokeswoman Christina Reynolds knows he has much Clinton spokeswoman Christina Reynolds which he should apologize Clinton spokeswoman Christina Reynolds " Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill sounded the alarms , too , tweeting , " It ’s not inconceivable that he gets away Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill this . We all need to do our part to We all sure he does n’t Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill Unreal . " News Manafort had resigned Friday morning     he did n’t Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill to be a " distraction , " said Trump ’s son , Eric     failed to step on the emerging plot .   Around the same time Friday , Trump and running Trump’s son Mike Pence arrived in Louisiana to survey the state ’s    region , quietly touring a number of    neighborhoods . Later in the day , Trump asked    Trump’s son in Michigan to take a chance on him .      What the hell do you have to lose ? " he asked them Trump’s son departing voters in Michigan his prepared remarks Trump’s son He ’s also Trump’s son out a first round of television ads while sticking to those promises of more targeted messaging , supplemented by regularly scheduled policy addresses , in the weeks to come . Trump will remain Trump’s son , the Trump’s son campaign hierarchy says , but this time will be different .   The track record for that kind of promise is not very good     not for past candidates looking for a late    and certainly not for Trump . From Trump’s son introduction of a teleprompter in the spring to his decision to fire campaign manager Corey Lewandowski in favor of the more polished Manafort in June     while promising to tamp down the rhetoric and offer a leaner cut of red meat to his supporters     his Trump operation has Trump’s son been able to overcome or match the candidate himself . But with the first debate general election debate with Clinton on the horizon , Trump ’s last Trump’s son chance to reshape the race before the current dynamic hardens is here     if it ’s not already too late . 
 