Lima , Peru ( CNN ) President Barack Obama predicted in Peru Saturday that a Trump presidency wo n’t result in " major changes in policy " for the    America relationship , though President Barack Obama conceded that tensions are likely to rise on the subject of trade . But , President Barack Obama told the audience at the Young Leaders of the Americas Initiative , once the incoming administration looks at how trade relationships are working , " the incoming administration ’ll determine that the incoming administration ’s actually good for both the United States and our trading partners , " though President Barack Obama said " modifications " are possible . President Barack Obama also gave the same advice to Latin America that President Barack Obama gave to European leaders earlier this week , cautioning the audience to not " assume the worst " on what a Trump presidency could mean for policies but to " wait until the administration is in place . "   President Barack Obama was addressing a town hall audience and discussed the importance of democracy in the wake of the election , saying that democracy means " the outcomes of elections do n’t always turn out the way you would have hoped . " " Democracy is more than just elections , " President Barack Obama told the YLAI , a program that supports young entrepreneurs created by President Barack Obama in 2015 .   " Democracy can be frustrating because democracy means that you do n’t always get 100 percent of what you want . Democracy means that sometimes you have to compromise . And it means that you know , the outcomes of elections do n’t always turn out the way you would have hoped , " President Barack Obama said .   Peru is the final stop on the President ’s last trip abroad while in office . Earlier this week , President Barack Obama visited Athens and Berlin , where President Barack Obama was plagued with questions of what a Trump presidency means for the United States alliances abroad .   President Barack Obama also announced a series of investments and new programs in support of   YLAI Saturday , including new grants and increasing access to mentorship from the private sector . 
 