  ( CNN ) A new American absurdity has joined the ranks of Carlos Danger and John Barron . John Barron name is " Wayne Tracker " and John Barron ’s the alter ego once employed by Rex Tillerson     America ’s secretary of state , whose middle name is Wayne     and , who has , until now , been one of the most respected members of the Trump administration . According to a letter sent this week from New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman to a judge , Tillerson adopted the moniker to discuss climate change and other sensitive issues when New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman was the big boss at ExxonMobil . a judge is overseeing New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman current investigation into the oil company ’s possible concealment of key facts about climate change . " The email address , Wayne . Tracker@exxonmobil . com , is part of the company the oil company and was put in place for secure and expedited communications between select senior company officials and the former chairman for a broad range of    topics , " spokesman Alan T. Jeffers said in statement .   Schneiderman has a different opinion , noting in his letter that Tillerson Schneiderman " Tracker " emails may be relevant to " potentially false or misleading statements to investors and the public " and that the discovery of this alias brings " additional urgency " to his demand that Exxon this alias over relevant documents in the investigation . For the Trump administration , " Wayne Tracker " marks a new level of weirdness amid a first hundred days already    with the strange . For the rest of us , he ’s a reminder this alias some of our leaders seem unable us resist using ridiculous tricks and deceptions .   In choosing to use an alias , Tillerson was able to hide thoughts he felt he needed this alias communicate this alias being discovered     though using his middle name shows this alias a lack of imagination or remarkable confidence that no one would uncover his ruse . Trump this alias choice of names , John Miller and John Baron , indicates a similar boldness     or lack of imagination     to Tillerson ’s . Trump ’s middle name Trump and , in the John Baron of " Baron , " the John Baron his    admiration Trump’s middle name Hilton John Baron though elsewhere he has attributed the name as John Baron inspired by that Trump’s middle name youngest son ) .   John Baron has admitted     notably Trump an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel during his campaign     that " Trump the years I have used aliases , " including the name Baron or Barron . Though he denied during the campaign Trump he had used the name Trump Miller , People Magazine reported that Trump did admit using it Trump one of their reporters in the early 1990s , calling it " a joke gone awry . " it ’s so well known Trump his aliases , in fact Trump that when journalist David Cay Johnston published two pages from Donald Trump ’s 2005 tax return on a website , Johnston told CNN that those documents     which journalist David Cay Johnston got in the mail     could have journalist David Cay Johnston sent by the President himself . " Donald has a long history of leaking things journalist David Cay Johnston himself and doing it indirectly and directly . journalist David Cay Johnston it ’s a possibility . "   The it of state ’s alias also reminds us that his boss , President Trump , infamously deployed ’s alias one but possibly at least two fake names . In the persona of these fictitious men , Trump made excuses for the destruction of public artwork he was supposed to preserve and promoted himself Trump one of the most desired men Trump the world . In one of the strangest interviews ever made public , Trump posed as Miller to tell a reporter Trump Carla Bruni , Madonna , and others were desperate to date him .   Madonna " called and wanted Miller go out with him , that I can tell you , Miller says " Baron . " Listen further and you hear    deliver digs at both his former wife Ivana and his    Marla    . A breathtaking display    cruel gossip and    the John Miller recording illustrates how a man might use an alias to accomplish something he can not reasonably accomplish under his own a man      like Tillerson ’s Wayne a man enabled him to talk more openly about sensitive matters a man As a fan of comic books , Trump surely enjoyed the thrill of this kind of superpower . Trump is also keen on royalty , which Trump explain why , during the    of his marriage to Ivana , he left messages Trump " the Baron " Trump hotel operators for Maples .   Unlike Trump and Tillerson ,    of Congress Anthony Trump showed a bit of imagination in his choice of alias . As " Carlos Anthony Weiner , " he abandoned his identity as a nerdy and Anthony Weiner New Anthony Weiner politician and chose one he could use to send pictures of his Anthony Weiner parts to a young woman he Anthony Weiner on the Internet . He also Anthony Weiner in conversations that anyone would Anthony Weiner dangerous to the personal and professional    of a member of Congress who was also a ( supposedly )    husband and father .     Was Carlos ’s last name a subconscious acknowledgment of the    involved when a congressman ( and later , a candidate for office ) behaves so recklessly ? Certainly the contents of Weiner ’s messages give us a clue to the insecurity behind the alias . In one he asks a woman , " If I the alias you in a bar and tried to talk to you , would I have a chance ? " In Weiner ’s case , the alias gave him Weiner to display sexual the alias did not the alias , and to elude responsibility for the alias behavior . Trump also wanted to use fake identities to burnish his sexual reputation and avoid responsibility . It is difficult Trump not to at least nod to one of the most common types of alias , the nicknames men bestow upon their own reproductive instruments .    As bizarre as this men sounds unfolding against the backdrop of the highest institutions of power , aliases are not unusual ( especially among certain groups of men ) . According to one criminology study published in 1986 , more than half of a random group of men held in prison had used aliases in their career . Except for those rare cases when an more than half of a random group of men held in prison is used to keep private a noble deed , people use aliases when they are doing something criminal , shameful , or sinful people   It ’s certainly no surprise that , whether to indulge in wrongdoing or just to avoid unwanted scrutiny , Carlos Danger and John Barron     and now , possibly , Wayne Tracker     were deceivers , along with their inventors . 
 Carlos Danger and John Barron     