The creator of Jennifer Lopez ’s new racially diverse TV series tells industry outlet TheWrap " the white man ’s 15 minutes " of fame have expired , as networks and audiences are hungry for more    entertainment . [ In a new interview on the topic of diversity in casting , Adi Hasak , creator of NBC ’s Thursday cop drama Shades of Blue , told the outlet , " I think in general , broadcasters are realizing that the white man ’s 15 minutes are up . "   The    former    writer added : " I think everyone ’s woken up to a new reality . " Shades of Blue stars Lopez as a New York police officer who is forced to work with the FBI to unearth corruption in her unit . Hasak reportedly adjusted the show to work around Lopez ethnicity , as her Hasak Harlee Santos was not originally intended to be played by a Hispanic woman .   Hasak Hasak show is one of three new NBC shows featuring Hispanic actresses —   the others being Superstore , featuring    former Ugly Betty star America Ferrera , and Telenovela , starring actress Eva Longoria . Ferrera previously attacked Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump as " ignorant and racist " in an open letter last summer at the Huffington Post . " What you just did with your straight talk was send more Latino voters to the polls than several registration rallies combined ! " she wrote . Longoria also lashed out at Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump last summer by comparing the New York billionaire to Nazi mass murderer Adolf Hitler . The actress Longoria that Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stance on illegal immigrant crime created an " emotional poison . " " Hitler moved a Adolf Hitler with words , just words , " Longoria said . Longoria Hasak noted , NBC is not the only network convinced white talent is no longer advantageous . As previously reported by Breitbart News , CBS ’s reboot of the classic series Nancy Drew will feature a " diverse " actress in the lead role . CBS is reportedly CBS considering white actresses for the part of the iconic teen character . Netflix also announced this week it had ordered Netflix      remake of Norman Lear ’s classic series One Day At a Time , while Starz has ordered three new    television series . 
 