Hong Kong ( CNN ) Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was thousands of miles away from home , but Kim Jong Un ’s message was loud and clear     think twice before getting too cozy with the new US President . Abe , who is visiting the United States , and Japan were likely the main audience for North Korea ’s Sunday missile launch . " This is clearly directed at Japan , " said Carl Schuster , a professor at Hawaii Pacific University and former director of operations at the US Pacific Command ’s Joint Intelligence Center . Though North Korea’s worries about any developments in Pyongyang ’s missile and nuclear capabilities , experts note that the rhetoric from the North has been much quieter and less hostile since the impeachment of President Park   . " For the last month or so they ’ve been very careful not to do things that could be provocative in South North Korea’s "   former US Ambassador Christopher Hill told CNN . " The usual betting is when North Korea North Korea’s this kind of way , the harder line , the     tends to benefit in ( South ) Korea . " Abe called the test " absolutely intolerable , " while Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said it was " a clear provocation to Japan and the region . " South Korean officials say analysis suggests the missile is a modified    ballistic missile ( IRBM ) a    missile . It flew 500 the missile ( 310 miles ) before crashing in the Sea of Japan , also Japan as the East Sea , sources said . IRBMs typically have a range of 3 , 000 to 5 , 500 kilometers ( 1 , 864 to 3 , 417 miles )     much farther than needed to hit South Korea , but not long enough to hit the lower 48 states ( though Guam is in its range . Guam Abductions and conquerors , Japan and North Japan do not have active diplomatic relations , but there has been progress to normalize them in recent Abductions and conquerors, Japan and North Korea .   One of the big holdups has been the cases of Japanese citizens who were abducted by North Korea in North Korea and 1980s .   Pyongyang has admitted and apologized for the incidents , but it ’s yet to Pyongyang an explanation that was acceptable to the Japanese     who say that diplomatic relations ca n’t be normalized until the abduction issue is resolved . North Korea ’s hostility North Korea stems from its close relations to South North Korea     which Japan calls its " most Japan neighbor North Korea     and the United States . But North Korea demonizes Japan domestically North Korea World War Japan characterizations focusing on the occupation of the Korean peninsula , according to Schuster .   Just a show ?   There ’s two aspects to every North Korean military test : the technical and the political . Even if a test is called a failure , there ’s a lot the North Koreans     and its adversaries     can learn . What can be learned by not shooting down a North Korean missile , " There North Korean lot of things that those who fire missiles are testing whenever they do these kinds of things , those who fire missiles says retired US Lt . General Mark Hertling .   " They ’re trying to get distance , those who fire missiles ’re trying to read things like those who fire missiles the missile fall apart . They may have been testing some type those who fire missiles heat shield on the reentry vehicle . They may have been testing whether the those who fire missiles could withstand G ’s ( the missile ) given a payload . " The political aspect is both domestic and international . At home , it ’s a way for Kim to prove to his base that he ’s a strong leader Kim progress on Kim promises . Abroad , they serve as Kim messages to Pyongyang ’s adversaries , reminding foes about North Korea ’s military capabilities . And they ’re usually timed to hammer the message they and maximize media coverage . " They do things as much for political reasons they they do for military reasons , " Schuster they . " The launch is more significant politically than operationally     it ’s the first shot since Trump took The launch , it comes just 10 days after ( current The launch of defense and retired ) Gen. Mattis promised the Japanese and the South Koreans against the North Korean nuclear threat . " If it was an IRBM , the launch distance means it was likely a failure technically     but not geopolitically , according to Schuster . " It ’s very likely that the IRBM they wanted to launch was n’t ready , so they shot what they had . Political intent they the same they operational test probably did n’t meet their expectations , " he said . The they that really keeps Schuster defense officials up at night is the intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) which     if working properly     could deliver a nuclear payload to the United States . US and South Korean officials told CNN in January that North Korea might be readying two ICBMs for a test launch in the near future . Though Kim says his country is in the " final stages Kim readying the missile for a test launch , many analysts believe it ’s a ways away     Schuster said he North Korea it will be another five years before Schuster get one .   The THAAD question , Preparing for a potential ICBM attack     and hopefully being able to shoot it down     is a key pillar of US a potential ICBM attack     policy with regard to North Korea . And every launch by Pyongyang is an impetus for Japan and South Korea to improve missile defense systems . " North Korea Korean government will secure the lives of citizens and the national security from North Korea ’s threat based on a strong joint defense system between the South Korea and the US " Cho    a North Korea South Korean Foreign Ministry , said after the Sunday missile launch .   He ’s likely referring to the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system Cho    THAAD ) . THAAD is designed to detect an ICBM and take it down before THAAD can hit a target .   South Korea an ICBM in July an ICBM it planned to deploy the system North Korea County , about 155 miles North Korea 250 kilometers ) southeast of Seoul . " When the North Koreans provoke , more and more Koreans say we need that system , " Hill said . " We ( the the North Koreans ) the system in Seongju County get those fielded . We need to do whatever we can to support our allies , South Korea and Japan . We need We really step up We kind of cooperation . " THAAD is We deployed in Japan , but there have been reports that Tokyo is considering it . That Japan draw the ire of China and Russia , who are Tokyo vehemently opposed to the missile system . Both countries believe that the US is playing up the defensive nature of the missile system and using its deployment to geopolitically box them in     if the missile system North Korea ’s missiles the missile system could n’t it stop Both countries ’s and Russia the US too ?    " Americans only talk about it the US a tactical Russia , it ’s a useful tool alongside a bunch of others the US deter North Korea or stop the US missile " says Professor John Delury of Yonsei University . " North Korea look at THAAD in strategic terms , and what they see is THAAD as part of a bigger picture of a missile defense network along its Chinese . " THAAD the US 