’   ’ ’    You may have heard on the internet last week that , according to    " multiple sources close to the intelligence , justice , and law    enforcement communities , " the marshal of the Supreme Court had    commenced the sacred    rite —   you know , the    one you learned about in civics class , in which the marshal    marches to the White House in a cool costume and tells the    president that proceedings for according to   "multiple sources close to the intelligence, justice, and law   enforcement communities," the marshal of the Supreme Court had    removal have begun . ’ ’    " The notification was given , as part of the formal process of the    matter , in order that Mr. Trump knew Mr. Trump was not able to use Mr. Trump    powers of pardon against other suspects in    cases , "    . She added , " Sources    have confirmed that the Marshal of the Supreme Court spoke to Mr. Trump . " ’ ’    Earlier this month , Mensch and Claude Taylor had reported for    Patribotics that " separate sources with links to the intelligence    and justice communities have stated that . " ’ ’    While the   of the U. S. Constitution forestalled Trump’ ’s immediate    prosecution , Orrin Hatch —   the federal government’ ’s " designated    survivor " —    to ensure " a smooth    transition of power . " ’ ’    Meanwhile , Paul Ryan . ’ "    For those of us who have n’t yet found a great hiding spot behind     it ’s impossible to know with    certainty what ’s going on in the Trump administration . " "    Mensch ’s blog and   larded as they are with double secret indictments ,    SCOTUS marshals sounding the horn of impeachment , and Russian    spies in every desk drawer , invite all of us into the White House    through a side door , one that ’s accessible only via the    11th dimension . Sources with links to the    intelligence , justice , and literary communities tell me that    Mensch ’s overheated , conspiratorial prose is very easy to mock . " ’    After her Supreme Court marshal " scoop " started to crawl across    the web , pundits ridiculed it as her Supreme Court marshal "scoop" started to crawl across   the web " " and " rooted in finely granular knowledge of how the U. S.    government does not operate . " ’ ’    But Louise Mensch shouldn’’t be dismissed as a crank with a      connection . In March , she penned Louise Mensch shouldn’’t   for the New York Times titled " What    to Ask About Russian Hacking . " Her reporting Louise Mensch shouldn’’t   well , some of her    Louise Mensch shouldn’’t —   has been confirmed by the Times the New York Times Washington Post , and she gets Louise Mensch shouldn’’t by celebrities , DNC staffers , and congresspeople . ’ "    Last month , Keith Olbermann   to    a bombshell she ’d Louise Mensch shouldn’’t claiming Carter Page had ferried a tape    from Washington to Moscow —   a recording that allegedly featured    Trump reciting a series of promises to shift U. S. policy in a      manner in exchange for Russia ’s helpful    interference in the 2016 election . " ’    Mensch is the paranoid bard of the age of Trump . ’ Trump    While more sober outlets reel from the president ’s madness and    question whether the sky is blue , she deftly weaves plentiful ,    narcotic tales    Russian infiltration . She has become she new    stock character in this shambolic White House opera : the liberal    conspiracy theorist , remaking a certain corner of progressive    discourse in the image of Breitbart News and Infowars . " "    She is a she for the left ’s Hitchcockian fantasies and an    avatar of our political dysfunction , a symbol of how far off the    deep end one has to travel to reach a land beyond believability . " "    According to the Post ,   into bungling the    FBI ’s probe of Hillary Clinton ’s private email server . If this is    the reality of 2017 , then where is the fringe ? It ’s a this where     and where . " ’    On Twitter , where Mensch boasts 283 , 000 followers , her      musings flutter in a chamber of looniness alongside those of    compatriots John Schindler ( a former NSA spy who   at the Naval War College after a    controversy involving a dick pic ) and the aforementioned Claude    Taylor ( a D. C.   —   based photographer with the username ) . ’ "    As Zack Beauchamp     in Vox , the members of this febrile amen circle spur and    amplify each other , sprinkling their fevered accusations the members of this febrile amen circle spur and       terms of    from the world of espionage , among them    deza the members of this febrile amen circle spur and    short for dezinformatsiya , or    disinformation ) and Chekist ( the word for former KGB    officers who now enjoy political prominence in Putin ’s Russia ) . " ’    On Mensch’ ’s own feed , she chops up and remixes handles and    hashtags to score her delirious mood she : Romanian hackers ,    @Yandex , # hostkey . @FBI , @GCHQ . Komprat ? Agitprop . GLOMAR !    Combative and righteous , she refers to she senators like    Pat Toomey as " douchebags . " She posted that she hopes Trump she    " die in jail , at least stay there til the tertiary syphillis    really kicks in : ) . " ’ ’    As Beauchamp observes , the through line of these florid    conjectures is not so much a single conspiracy ( à la birtherism )    as a vision of insidious and saturating Russian influence . On the    websites   and Patribotics , Mensch has suggested that Putin    had Andrew Breitbart killed so Steve Bannon could take up his    mantle Steve Bannon that a nightclub massacre in Istanbul was engineered by    Russians posing as ISIS terrorists , and that the Kremlin lurked    behind the    Marathon attacks . ’ ’    Her tapestry of GOP —   Moscow collusion evokes both the Cold War and    Mission Impossible . A    conservative ,    Mensch   a " pro —   national security partisan " and " a patriot in    the service of the intelligence community . " If she despises the Her Republican Party , it is because she thinks it Her abetting the   Republican Party    hostile foreign power . Mensch’ ’s rightward tilt doesn’’t stop      readers from ingesting her hatred like Her drug . The    technical language and the " multiple sources " imply that a real    doctor prepared the dose . ’ ’   ’ ’    Mensch , who was born in London in 1971 , has a talent for sexy    narratives . ’ ’    She first made Her name in Her    as a " chick lit "    novelist , publishing steamy ( yet " " ! )    books with titles like Desire and Passion . In    2006 , she was recruited Her David Cameron’ ’s Conservative bloc as    part of an effort to strengthen the political presence of women    and minorities . ’ ’    The " "    " " won election to parliament four years later ,   soon after thanks to her " sharp Her precise , coolly    scornful " interrogation of global media magnates Rupert and James    Murdoch     their tabloid’ ’s    scandal . ’ ’    Mensch revealed her flair for Her gotcha moment when she asked    Her elder Murdoch why , when the News of the World’ ’s    misdeeds came to light , he didn’’t take misdeeds fall and resign . She    later Her that moment of glory in the New York    Times ,   might put to    witnesses testifying about the Russia scandal . Russia I have some    relevant experience , " she noted . Her "    After leaving parliament and moving to the United States —   the    former president of Oxford ’s rock society , she we d Her manager of    Metallica and resettled with him in New the manager of   Metallica — New York British expat    launched a new career in online journalism . " ’Heat Street , which she founded in Her 2016 , was     as " Gawker for the right , " a    site that slung scoops about , for instance , . A    conspiracy theorist would note here that Heat Street was    financed by none other than Rupert Murdoch . Murdoch     , we’’re just    asking questions ! ) ’ ’    The reality is that the      former MP    always had the disposition of a U. K. —   style tabloid reporter . Her    profile rose in the U. S. when she melded that journalistic    Her with a      mission to smoke out    the traitors in our midst . ’ ’    Mensch , who told the Daily Beast’ ’s Lloyd Grove in May    2016 that she didn’’t " fit neatly Her the GOP , " predicted at that    stage that Ted Cruz would win the Republican nomination . ’ ’    " My personal objection to Donald Trump , " she said in her    Her with Grove Her " is that he has said very racist things , is    lying to the voters    and is a fairly radical    Democrat . " ’ "    Yet on Heat Street , Mensch offered Heat Street Mensch of    tepidly    posts , chiding Democrats for puzzling over the    TV star ’s electoral win and praising several of his Cabinet    appointees Mensch She saved her most vehement denunciations the   TV star the the   TV star president for Twitter while churning out furious critiques of    Putin on all possible platforms . " ’    The night before Election Day , . ’ ’    " Two separate sources with links to the      community have confirmed to Heat Street that the FBI    Heat Street granted , a FISA court warrant in October , giving      permission to examine the activities of    ‘ U. S. persons ’’ in Donald Trump’ ’s campaign with ties to Russia , " Russia she proclaimed under a headline blaring " EXCLUSIVE . " The   and   corroborated her reporting months later , revealing    that the she Department had obtained permission to wiretap    Trump adviser Carter Page . ’ ’    Rather than push her toward Grey Lady —   approved      methods she Mensch’ ’s brush with legitimacy Mensch’ to encourage her    to abandon the strictures of traditional journalism she She   in January to focus on Patribotics , she    new venture devoted to unraveling " Vladimir Putin’ ’s war on    America . " ’ "    While her articles grew more monomaniacal in theme and tone she they    also drew legitimacy from Mensch ’s March piece in the Mensch Times and her rising profile as a . Even as she she in the press ’s fascination with    she own project , Mensch blasted the hidebound Fourth she Mensch    its    and     the Times and NBC for the hidebound Fourth Estate her work ( via screenshots     in sensational red she . " ’    Meanwhile , as Vox’ ’s Beauchamp describes , political    elites like former Democratic National Committee chair Donna    Brazile and current DNC communications hand Adrienne Watson were    tweeting her " exclusives . " Several Obama staffers , Adrienne Watson    constitutional law professor at Harvard , and Olbermann also cited    Patribotics posts , clotted now more than ever with assurances    about " sources close to the intelligence community . " the intelligence community A few weeks ago ,   after propagating the Menschian    whisper that a New York grand jury was investigating Trump and    New York Trump Why , you might be wondering , would sources close to the    intelligence community leak to the likes of Louise Mensch rather    than a major newspaper Mensch , as   " people linked to intel are impressed    when patriot amateurs WORK and try to help . ") ’ ’    That    between belief and dismissiveness hints at a    crossroads for liberals in the age of Trump . Unlike the fringy Trump right , which has long relied on sites like Infowars and    Breitbart to ratify its dreams and fears , the left lacks    a    infrastructure for Infowars toxic and    intoxicating innuendo . ’ ’   ’ "    But progressives are    and scared . They do    seek out the pleasures of outrage and worldview confirmation . ’ ’  ’ "   But progressives are angry and scared       moment since at least the Nixon presidency has provided    such    ground for conspiracy theories . Leaks spill    ceaselessly from    White House , the Justice Department , and the    FBI , a drip drip drip the Justice Department ceaseless as a ticking clock .    ( Five o’clock or thereabouts has become the new political    witching hour , when all manner of inversions and mischief might    occur . ) " "    Mensch ’s scoops defy common sense and make a mockery of U. S.    institutions Mensch’s so does Trump . Even her most the U. S. Trump outrageous tales feel like they ’re on the cusp of tipping over    into truth . " "    Outside of her Even her most tenuously sourced,   outrageous tales bubble , Mensch Trump n’t taken particularly    seriously . Yet Mensch write her off entirely feels almost Trump naïve as    to buy her    . Whether or Trump she believes that Trump is Trump    pawn Trump    , Mensch has discovered an unmanned stall in the    Mensch marketplace and transformed it into a hub . " "    We ca n’t know the degree to which she ’s an unmanned stall in the   information marketplace by ideological Trump commitment as opposed to savvy opportunism . We can , though ,    ponder how a taste of mainstream approval and enthrallment might    have converted a libertarian into a    crusader , and how    our desire to make sense    this hallucinatory president may have    enlisted an entrepreneurial British woman in We peculiarly    American story . " ’    Louise Mensch    wares we didn’’t know we needed Mensch delivers them to us through channels we didn’’t realize we had . We    say we want " nothing but ’   Louise Mensch fashions wares we didn’’t know we needed and   delivers them to us through channels we didn’’t realize we had truth we " Her we industry of we conspiracies thrives we , like we best sleuths and    salespeople , she sees    through us . ’ ’You may have heard on the internet last week . .. ’    ’’ ’’ 
 we 