  ( CNN ) The family of American college student Otto Warmbier objected to an autopsy , leaving the former North Korea detainee ’s official cause of death a mystery for the time being .   The Hamilton County Coroner ’s Office in Ohio confirmed that The Hamilton County Coroner’s Office in Ohio received and examined the    ’s body after    death on Monday . The Warmbier family ’s " objection to an autopsy was honored , " The Hamilton County Coroner’s Office in Ohio said , and only an external examination was performed .    The Hamilton County Coroner’s The Hamilton County Coroner’s Office in Ohio from the University of Cincinnati Medical Center and the air ambulance service that helped bring Warmbier from Pyongyang to Cincinnati after 17 months . " Extensive " conversations with his treating physician took place , too .    " No conclusions about the    and manner of Mr. Warmbier ’s death have been drawn at this time as there are additional medical records and imaging to review and people to interview , " the statement said . His death led to strong condemnations Mr. Warmbier’s death regime and speculation about the implications . Politicians renewed calls for the regime to release three US citizens being held in the country . RELATED : The tour company that took Otto Warmbier to North Korea halts trips for Americans , Warmbier visited North Korea in January 2016 Otto Warmbier a North Korea . He was arrested for allegedly stealing a Otto Warmbier sign from a restricted area and sentenced to 15 years of hard labor .   US President Donald Trump ’s administration worked to secure his return . He died less than a US President Donald Trump after returning US President Donald Trump North Korea . He could not speak or North Korea and his US President Donald Trump said he suffered extensive brain damage . US President Donald Trump treating physicians US President Donald Trump he suffered from unresponsive wakefulness US President Donald Trump a condition also US President Donald Trump as persistent vegetative state . In a news conference before Warmbier ’s death , they said they could not speculate on the cause His treating physicians his His treating physicians . But they found no evidence that US President Donald Trump had contracted botulism His treating physicians casting doubt on North US President Donald Trump ’s claim that he fell into a coma after contracting botulism and US President Donald Trump a sleeping pill .   " This pattern of brain injury is usually seen as result of cardiopulmonary arrest where blood supply to the brain is inadequate for a period of time , resulting in the death of brain tissue , " Dr. Daniel Kanter said last week . A funeral will be held Thursday at Warmbier ’s alma mater , Wyoming High School in Ohio . 
 