  ( CNN ) Top congressional Democrats have strongly pushed back against approving any money for President Donald Trump ’s proposed border wall with Mexico as part of a    government funding bill .   At the same time , Democratic leaders restated Democratic leaders openness Monday to providing some money for other types of border security improvements , suggesting a possible way out of the contentious standoff . Facing a Friday deadline to keep the government open , congressional and administration negotiators are searching for ways to resolve congressional and administration negotiators differences over what was a central campaign promise of Trump ’s . Notably , Republicans on the Hill and many top White House officials are not outright demanding that a down payment on the border wall     which could cost tens of billions of dollars over time     be made now .     Providing some money for border security     personnel or equipment designed to crack down on illegal crossings     but not for the wall itself , could provide a    way for both sides to end for now both sides dispute on the issue and could clear the way for the massive government bill to pass both chambers ahead of Friday . WH officials : Busy week , but no health care vote or shutdown , For instance , Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin speaking in the White House briefing room Monday declined to say if the President would insist on border wall funding in a final bill saying only that " the President is working hard to keep the government open and addressing various issues . " And when Press Secretary Sean Spicer was asked if Trump specifically expected there to be funding for the border wall in the funding bill , he Press Secretary Sean Spicer n’t lay down the gauntlet and instead replied , " I do n’t want to get ahead of the negotiations they Trump specifically expected there to be funding for the border wall in the funding bill ongoing . But the the President have been very clear from the beginning . " Knowing they face unified Trump specifically expected there to be funding for the border wall in the funding bill to the wall by the border wall in the funding bill Republicans in the administration may now be getting the message that even Hill GOP members have been telegraphing throughout the negotiations     it ’s not worth risking a shut down over the controversial issue .    " It is a divisive it , " Rep. Mike Coffman , a Republican from a swing district in Colorado , said in an interview on CNN .   " I certainly support securing the border but I also support keeping the government open and I think this would cause the kind of showdown that would lead to a shutdown . " Despite these signals of a willingness to compromise by GOP negotiators , the President may be undermining their efforts     or GOP negotiators least sending mixed messages     by blasting out tweets , touting the wall . Trump The Wall of mixed messages ahead of shutdown fight , " The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth ( and many others ) !   If the wall is not built The Wall it will be , the drug The Wall will NEVER be fixed the way it should be ! " Trump the drug situation Monday on Twitter . A senior Democratic aide familiar with the negotiations complained that the two sides on Capitol Hill continue to make progress , but Trump administration officials are the ones interjecting and holding things up , refusing to respond to an offer from Democrats on Capitol Hill to accept a package Capitol Hill more money for border security efforts , but does not include any resources to construct a wall .   " Congressional Republicans appear frustrated by the    White House interventions , which have undermined their ability to achieve an agreement , Congressional Republicans the aide told CNN . " Speaker ( Paul ) Ryan and Leader McConnell will need to step up and get involved in the process directly in order to move the ball forward at this stage . " RELATED : Bipartisan group wants clean spending bill to avoid shutdown , Sen. Chris Van Hollen , a Democratic member of the Senate budget committee , said in an interview on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront " that he was fine with including some money to support border security , but chastised Trump over failing to live up to his campaign promise to make Mexico pay he the wall . " Border security is fine , " Hollen said . " Wasting taxpayer dollars on a wall ? No . " Van Hollen also stressed that the onus Hollen shutdown would be on the Republican Party , saying that Trump sounded like " an extortionist " Trump demand funding for his wall in the shadow of a Trump shutdown . " Republicans have the White House , " Hollen said . " They have both houses Hollen Congress . I Republicans it ’s going to be a big mistake for them to shut down the government because the Republicans could n’t get Mexico to pay for the wall . . .. He told the his wall that we would n’t the President to waste our money on the wall . " In a we call with his wall House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ,    criticized Trump ’s late push for some funding for the wall now , which she said would be wrong his wall was budgeted for at    expense of government programs like those that help young people , the elderly and the environment .   " He did not promise that he would take food out of    mouths of babies and    and education , clean air , clean water , scientific research off the table in a significant way in order for him to pay for his immoral , ineffective , unwise proposal    a wall ,    Pelosi said .    But she said she was open to some technology and other improvements Pelosi the Pelosi so long as they were not related in any way to the planning , prepping or building of the wall itself .    Welcome to the biggest week of a wall presidency , " So yes , if we have needs for the technology or the rest to help protect our border , let ’s see what that is , " she said we " Our appropriators we well on a path to resolving their differences and finding their common ground , respecting each other ’s priorities Our appropriators the White House Our appropriators . " Democrats have publicly expressed support for more resources for border security as the two sides have worked on the    funding measure . Since this package rolls together all the spending bills for various agencies they want to show that they back what many Americans views as a various agencies security issue . But various agencies earlier backing has been for the bipartisan process that appropriators have been various agencies on     not any talk about helping Trump pay for a wall that he argued Mexico would ultimately pay for during the 2016 campaign .    Trump the President may be working now to add something to show progress on the issue as he nears the    mark of his tenure in office a national security issue on the the President are making it clear it the President a nonstarter . RELATED : These are the    accomplishments Trump is it , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Trump had thrown a " monkey wrench " into the sensitive budget talks when Trump White House demanded last week that border money be included in the government spending bill . Schumer said if Trump left congressional negotiators to cut a deal they could meet Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer Friday deadline Trump    " In my view if the congressional negotiators stepped out of it , we could get a budget done Friday , " Schumer said . Schumer urged Republicans to push the debate on the wall to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer future bill Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer though he does n’t think it will pass then .   " We believe the Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer leaders should tell a future bill Trump we can do this at a later time . I do n’t think it the Republican leaders pass , " Schumer said " So instead of risking shutdown by this this wall down Congress Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and the American people ’s throats , the President the wall let us come to an agreement and we ’re happy to debate this wall in regular the Republican leaders down the road once he the Republican leaders a plan . There the wall a plan now . " Sen. John Cornyn the President Texas , the    Senate Republican , opposes Trump ’s plan for a massive wall all the way across the border . But he does support building some physical barriers as called for by the Secure Fence Act , the President 2006 law that was supported by many Democrats including Schumer . " I think border security is important and certainly completing or at least making a down payment on something they ’ve already voted for and supported seems to me to be kind of a " Cornyn told reporters in the Capitol explaining that that there are still about 100 miles of the flexible fencing to be funded and built . Cornyn was asked if that approach would save face for Democrats who could say they did Cornyn fund the " wall " and save face for Republicans who can say Democrats boosted border security . " It sounds like everybody is looking to save face in Democrats way or another . I do n’t really think that kind of posturing is necessary , " he said . " I think they ought to just do our job , which is everybody is looking to save face in one way or another fund the government through the government of the fiscal year and quit looking for reasons not to do so . " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , welcoming senators back from a    recess , said bipartisan talks were continuing but stopped short of predicting when a deal might be reached . " Bipartisan talks continued through the state work period on the way forward on government funding legislation , bipartisan talks Kentucky Republican said . " Those discussions continue this week so we can complete our work on that issue very soon . " Negotiators are still working through issues on legislation that we wrap all the spending bills for the last five months on this fiscal year into one " omnibus " package . The fight over border wall money emerged as the most contentious issue , especially after Trump ’s budget director , Mick Mulvaney , floated an idea to link one dollar of Obamacare Trump’s to one dollar of border wall funding , a proposal flatly rejected by Democrats .    Aides from both parties appear confident that remaining policy issues can be resolved , but leaders from either side will need to brief     members on any deal before moving ahead with votes before the deadline , and both agree they may need a stopgap bill to avoid any disruption of funding . Pelosi and Schumer spoke on a both call with Tom Perez , the Democratic Pelosi Committee chairman Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer that was designed to discuss Trump ’s first 100 days in office .  
 Trump’s 