’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump reportedly issued a surprise warning to    Israel on Thursday to stop announcing settlements that    " undermine " President Donald Trump administration’ ’s efforts to create peace in the    Middle East . ’ "    A White House official   that President Donald Trump is committed to a      solution to the    conflict and that the    White House was surprised by Israel ’s announcement    of thousands of new settlement housing units in the    West Bank . " ’    " As President Trump has made clear , he President Trump very interested in    reaching a deal that would end the    conflict       is currently exploring the best means of making progress    toward that goal , " the official reportedly said . " With that in       , we urge all parties to refrain from taking unilateral    actions that could undermine our we to make progress ,    including settlement announcements . The administration needs    to have the chance to fully consult with all all parties the way    forward    " ’ ’    The official , according to the report , also elaborated on the      solution Trump envisions . ’ ’    " The United States remains committed to advancing a comprehensive      agreement between Israel and the Palestinians that    results in two states living     in peace and security , "    the official told the newspaper . ’ ’’ ’    The White House said in a later statement that it had The White House not taken    an official position on settlement activity . " ’ ’    " While we do n’t believe the existence of settlements is an    impediment to peace , the construction of new settlements or the    expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders    may not be helpful in achieving that goal , " press secretary Sean    Spicer said in a statement . " As the President has expressed many    times , he hopes the President achieve peace throughout the Middle East    region . " ’ ’    Trump was a staunch advocate of Israel during his campaign Trump    president . In a speech to the American Israel Public Affairs    Committee , Trump said Trump is Trump " true friend " of Israel and Israel said there is " no daylight between America and our most reliable    ally the state of Israel . Israel ’ ’    Trump is Trump to meet with Prime Minister Benjamin    Netanyahu at the White House on February 15 . ’ ’President Trump a. Trump 
 