( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . A Senate showdown over Judge Neil Gorsuch : The Judiciary Committee approved his Supreme Court nomination in a    vote , which moves the issue to the Senate floor . But Democrats appear to have secured enough votes to filibuster . So Republicans are planning to use the " nuclear option "   —    changing longstanding Senate rules . Judge Neil Gorsuch could be confirmed by the end of the week . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . President Trump warmly welcomed Egypt ’s authoritarian president , Abdel Fattah    to the White House . The moment underscored a fundamental shift in focus in American foreign policy , from human rights to counterterrorism . Mr. Sisi had been barred from such visits since he Mr. Sisi to power in a military takeover four years ago because of his Mr. Sisi suppression of domestic dissent . " We agree on so many things , " Mr. Trump said . " I just want to let everybody know in case there was any doubt that we We very much behind President   . " _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Mr. Mr. Trump busy diplomatic week peaks when he hosts Mr. Trump Chinese Mr. Trump , Xi Jinping , in Florida on Thursday and Friday . The top agenda item will be pressing China on economic sanctions on North Korea over its weapons China   —    which may have expanded to include thermonuclear weapons . Back in China , China Trump Mr. Trump surprisingly strong fan base among a    fringe , Maoists , who admire his focus on Mr. Trump workers . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Jared Kushner was in Iraq , for what the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs said was an update on the fight against the Islamic State . It ’s the latest example of Mr. Trump using his     and Mr. Trump as an envoy to foreign leaders , creating something of a parallel structure to the State Department . Also Monday : Conservative news outlets reported that Susan Rice , Mr. Obama ’s national security adviser , requested the identities of Americans who were cited in intelligence reports about surveillance of foreign officials , and who were connected with Mr. Trump ’s campaign or transition . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . More trouble for Fox News : Another woman came forward with allegations of sexual harassment involving its former chairman Another woman Roger Ailes . Julie Roginsky , a current Fox News contributor Fox News left , said she faced retaliation for Another woman his sexual advances and for refusing to disparage another accuser . Over the weekend , we published an investigation that found that five women have received payouts for agreeing not to sue or speak out publicly about their allegations of sexual five women or inappropriate behavior against the Fox superstar Bill O’Reilly . One of the reporters discussed the findings on The Daily podcast . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . The final game in a thrilling N. C. A. A. tournament : The men ’s final begins at 9:20 p. m. Eastern . ( CBS , or live stream ) We ’re breaking down what the Gonzaga Bulldogs and the U. N. C. Tar Heels need to do to win , and we ’ll have live We all night . And congratulations to the women ’s champions , the South Carolina Gamecocks . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Among our    articles today : an    report on Uber ’s use of psychological tricks to control drivers . The company is pairing Uber in behavioral science with video game design in an extraordinary     experiment to get drivers to work longer and harder . And in a demonstration of how tech is transforming the auto industry , Tesla is now worth more than Ford . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Devastating scenes after an explosion in Russia and a mudslide in Colombia : In St. Petersburg , a bomb tore through a subway train midafternoon , killing an estimated 11 people and injuring dozens more . President Vladimir Putin was a few miles away at the time . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . And in Mocoa , rescue workers arrived to an almost unrecognizable city . At least 254 people have died after heavy flooding set off a mudslide on Saturday . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . The starting gun went off on application season for    visas , known as    which allow American employers to bring in foreign workers . For the last few years , the government has been so overwhelmed by applications that it has stopped accepting them the government a week of opening day . This year , the rush has escalated to an    frenzy , because the program ’s future is unclear . _ _ _ _ _   10 . Finally , our new food writer , the    British chef Yotam Ottolenghi , invited the Easter bunny to his Seder . So to speak . In his latest column , he his recipes for each his , and reflects on how a meal can be " the bridge between generations and the signifier of a story " that allows us to connect personally with history , and make our own . " Such us my story and the story of my family : In order to live on , traditions need to be braided together to become something new . " Have a great night . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted Your Evening Briefing a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 