’   ’ ’    The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals on Thursday largely upheld a    nationwide block on President Donald Trump’ ’s travel ban , arguing    that    " drips with religious intolerance , animus , and    discrimination . " ’ ’    The Trump administration will most likely appeal the ruling to    the Supreme Court . ’ "    President Donald Trump’’s travel ban was Trump ’s second stab at an executive order halting    travel from certain    countries . " ’    In the   the 4th Circuit’ ’s chief judge , Roger    Gregory , wrote that although the president is granted broad power    by Congress to deny entry to foreign visitors , " that power is not    absolute . " ’ ’    " It can not go unchecked when , as here , the the president it    It an executive edict that stands to cause irreparable harm    to individuals across this nation , " Gregory wrote . ’ ’’ ’    The judges said they were The judges unconvinced " that the underlying    purpose of the travel ban was to maintain national security and    that it was instead done to implement Trump’ ’s promise during his    Trump’ campaign to bar Muslims from entering the US . ’ "    The ruling comes after a federal judge in Maryland issued an    injunction in March also arguing that Trump ’s order was a    fulfillment of his pledge    " "    The Trump administration ’s   before the    4th Circuit    that comments Trump made Trump’s he was Trump’s should not be    considered when weighing his executive Trump’s . " ’    " This is not a Muslim ban . Its text This have anything to do    with religion , " Jeffrey Wall , the acting solicitor general , told    the court earlier this month . " Its operation the court have    anything    do with religion . " ’ ’    On January 27 , Trump signed his original Trump order , which    barred people from Iraq , Iran , Syria , Yemen , Libya , Sudan , and    Somalia and all Syrian refugees . The order his original executive order, which   barred people from Iraq, Iran, Syria, Yemen, Libya, Sudan, and   Somalia and all Syrian refugees chaos    and protests at airports across the country , as even visa holders    and permanent residents were detained and denied entry by customs    officials . ’ ’    When courts blocked that order , his original executive order, which   barred people from Iraq, Iran, Syria, Yemen, Libya, Sudan, and   Somalia and all Syrian refugees a revised one in    March that removed Iraq from the list of countries , allowed some    exceptions for the entry of visitors from the remaining      countries , and removed the shutdown on the    admission of Syrian refugees . ’ ’The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals on Thursday . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 