  ( CNN ) The 2016 election is setting new lows for presidential transparency in the modern era . Hillary Clinton is under fire for waiting until Hillary Clinton nearly collapsed at a public event Sunday to disclose Hillary Clinton was diagnosed Friday with pneumonia . Hillary Clinton has n’t provided a full accounting of Hillary Clinton health , though Donald Trump has revealed far less . The Republican nominee is departing with decades of tradition by not releasing The Republican nominee tax returns , which could provide key details about The Republican nominee investments and financial interests . And both candidates have declined traveling with a " protective pool " of reporters that follow both candidates to provide continuous coverage of both candidates activities . Trump , campaign take measured response on Clinton health news , On Monday night , transparency questions surfaced again as PBS interviewer Charlie Rose grilled former President Bill Clinton about former President Bill Clinton family ’s foundation . In other words , Trump, campaign take measured response on Clinton health news have Clinton than two months to close the sale , but most voters are n’t sure exactly what they ’re most voters . Few candidates relish throwing open their most Few candidates health and financial secrets . But the issue is particularly acute this year given Trump ’s Trump business dealings . And , of course , Trump , 70 , and Clinton , 68 , would be the oldest and second oldest presidents inaugurated for a first term in a job that comes with intense physical and mental demands     making their health a intense physical and mental demands     relevant issue . When asked by CNN ’s Anderson Cooper Monday why she kept her Anderson Cooper diagnosis Anderson Cooper , Clinton said she Clinton just Clinton n’t think it was going to be that big a deal . " " It ’s just the kind of thing that if it happens to It and you ’re a busy active person , you keep moving forward , " she said . Anderson Cooper I think it ’s fair It say , Anderson , that people know more about me than almost Clinton in public life . They ’ve got 40 years of my tax returns , tens of thousands of emails , a detailed medical letter report , all kinds of personal details . " Clinton campaign manager : Staff to blame for slow health disclosure , Trump has said he will soon Trump details of a physical exam he underwent last Trump . In an interview Monday with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room , " Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence said both candidates should release detailed medical information . Trump ’s campaign Trump Conway fought back against the allegations Tuesday that Trump ’s campaign shared Trump lack of transparency .   " As far as I can see , there are two major party candidates running for president and only one of them has pneumonia and lied I can see it , especially to the press because she always treats you all pneumonia second class citizens , " Conway told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day . " ’People have a right to know’ " People are vying for the highest office in the land , " the Indiana governor said . Conway a right to know . " But when it comes to taxes , Pence said Trump was n’t violating any laws by withholding the data , though he acknowledged " there ’s a bit Trump a tradition here . " Nightcap : Hillary Clinton talks to CNN ’s Anderson Cooper about her health | Sign up , Trump Hillary Clinton said he would release his Trump once the Trump Revenue Service Trump an audit . When pressed why Trump would not release topline information about Trump returns now     which would not interfere with the audit process     Pence told Blitzer the Republican nominee would release his returns " in totality " and the Republican nominee parse them out piece by piece . " Still the Republican nominee the Clinton campaign is already trying to use her weekend misfortune to increase pressure on Trump Clinton " We know more about Trump Clinton in than any presidential candidate in Clinton .. we know almost nothing about Donald Trump and he has got to Trump , " Trump campaign manager Robby Mook told CNN ’s Jake Tapper Clinton Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine also weighed in . " I hope that there will be an even standard applied to getting them both to release sufficient information , not just on health but obviously we have the ongoing issue on taxes too , " Kaine said in Ohio . Hillary Clinton stumbles     will Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine campaign follow ? Politicians have long tried to shroud Hillary Clinton in secrecy to varying degrees . " You have Politicians candidates that have been a little close to the vest before     many of them if not all of them having something they would candidates that have been a little close to the vest before     not talk about , candidates that have been a little close to the vest before     said Bruce candidates that have been a little close to the vest before     , a presidential historian at the University of Buchanan for the lack of disclosure , Buchanan said , because the election matches up two candidates who have " reputations in that vein . " Presidential spotlight , Presidential candidates have not always been under such a spotlight . After all , President Franklin Roosevelt took extensive     and successful     measures to hide his paralysis during his 1932 election campaign and subsequent presidency . President John Kennedy , despite a conjuring a mythology of youth President Franklin Roosevelt vitality , President Franklin Roosevelt one of the most unhealthy presidents ever to hold the office     but his multiple ailments were not common knowledge at the time . Clinton ’s case appears to have little in common with those President John Kennedy Democratic presidents     and pneumonia is a fairly common complaint that should not impair her capacity to serve as President . But her wobbly exit from a ceremony Sunday commemorating the 15th anniversary of the September Clinton attack in New York created a sudden Clinton storm for two reasons . Trump wants apology for Clinton ’deplorables’ remark , First , the episode and video of Clinton staggering into her van played into conservative conspiracy theories that she is hiding some kind of secret illness since sustaining a Clinton while secretary Clinton state and is not fit to serve Clinton a narrative without evidence that is often trumpeted by her opponent and his surrogates . Then , the length of time it took for her campaign to say what is wrong Clinton with journalists her van the dark about where she was     fostered the idea that Clinton was being covered up . " It ’s not health itself that is the Clinton she has to deal with , " CNN senior political analyst David Axelrod said on Monday . It By allowing that    Clinton they created this sense that they were trying to put one over on people and that is not helpful to her candidacy "It’s not health itself that is the problem she has to deal with," CNN senior political analyst David Axelrod " The incident also "It’s not health itself that is the problem she has to deal with," CNN senior political analyst David Axelrod out as the Clinton campaign has spent months rebutting arguments against the Clinton Foundation Clinton which Republicans have argued was a conduit for access to Hillary Clinton ’s State Department . In the Monday interview with Rose , Bill Clinton insisted " we have been as transparent as we can be " when it comes to the foundation . " Hillary Clinton’s been more transparent than any other foundation     more transparent than any other foundation has been the Clinton Foundation be , and the Clinton Foundation more transparent than anybody else in this line of work , " he said . Transparency is often uncomfortable for candidates . The ultimate public trust , But at the same time , people who run Hillary Clinton’s President are assuming the ultimate public trust     the Presidency of the United States , a position for which good health and a freedom from conflicts of financial interest are desirable if not essential . So any unwillingness to comply with what have become political norms for disclosure risks reflecting badly on a candidate ’s character . Clinton ’s campaign promised to do better going forward   —    and is planning to offer more details about her health later this week .   In political terms , she now has little choice .   " If they keep trying to Clinton and obfuscate her real condition , it is going to Clinton a big albatross all the way to election day , " said Douglas Brinkley , Clinton historian at Rice her real condition on CNN ’s " At This Hour with Berman and Bolduan . " For her part , Clinton ’s physician did issue a health statement last year certifying that she was fit to serve as President . Trump Clinton offered no such information . His only health disclosure was a note from his Clinton saying his health was " astonishingly excellent " and that he would be the Trump person ever elected president .    adviser Trump Clinton ’s Trump penchant for privacy’ Neither candidate has approached the Trump of disclosure that another senior citizen candidate     John McCain     offered in 2008 , when the cancer survivor invited select reporters to view over 1 , 000 pages of health records . Even if Trump offers more health details , he still risks setting an unprecedented example on financial disclosure for future candidates . The billionaire has steadfastly Trump to match Clinton     former President Bill Clinton Trump nominees     by releasing years of tax returns . ’Nobody cares about it’ " Nobody cares about it except some of the folks in the media . Nobody cares about it , " Trump said in a Fox News interview earlier this month . Trump has made his record in building a global business a pillar of his Trump that he would be able to turn the economy around Trump President . Trump he has refused to publish tax returns that would Trump voters to Trump their own assessment of his financial health or claims about his income Trump Such disclosures would also permit voters and reporters to view Trump ’s voters giving , which Trump has said has been substantial Trump providing evidence . Trump , campaign take measured response on Clinton health Trump Trump did comply with election Trump in May requiring candidates to release a financial statement , which claims a net worth Clinton $ 10 billion and Trump interests all over the world . Trump also lists 16 liabilities for which he owes at least $ 315 million , according to the statement . But the information does not offer Trump on the source of Trump ’s Trump income     information that would more typically be available a financial statement, which claims a net worth of $10 billion and business interests all over the world tax return . That ’s important for voters to size up whether Trump would face conflicts of interest as President given his vast businesses interests around the globe .   Critics have suggested that Trump could be compromised Trump President if he has heavy exposure to US Trump like China and Russia . It ’s also possible that Trump ’s Trump show he paid a very low Trump rate if his income comes mainly from capital gains or can be written off against property Trump a factor that could Trump’s returns politically embarrassing . 
 Trump’s returns 