Philadelphia ( CNN ) The Democratic    on Wednesday cast Donald Trump as a threat to the American dream     and Hillary Clinton as the nation ’s only chance to save the nation .   President Barack Obama called Donald Trump a " homegrown demagogue . " Michael Bloomberg dismissed President Barack Obama as a " con . " And Vice President Joe Biden , in rejecting Donald Trump , declared that " Americans have never , ever , ever , ever let Americans down . "   How Obama President Barack Obama some    Republicans jealous , They Republicans the frame for the Democratic National Convention ’s most important moment : Clinton ’s speech Thursday night .   Here are six takeaways from the third night in Philadelphia :   Obama President Barack Obama ’the America I know’   Obama President Barack Obama the 2016 election as a choice between two visions for the country : The one he President Barack Obama on the Democratic convention stage when he President Barack Obama to stardom 12 years ago in Boston against a dark and dystopian view from Trump that Obama President Barack Obama does n’t match " the America I know . "   " It ’s not just a choice between parties or policies the usual debates between left and right , " he President Barack Obama . " This is a more fundamental choice     about who we are as a people , and whether we we true to this great American experiment in   . " In a direct shot at Trump , Obama said : " Our power does n’t come from some    savior promising that he Obama can restore order as long as we Our things his Obama . " If Democrats wanted to frame the election as their Democrats against Trump ’s darkness , the Republican nominee was eager to help . As Obama spoke , Trump Trump’s emailed reporters a statement with the subject line : " OWNING THE 3RD TERM : VIOLENT CRIME RISING ACROSS THE COUNTRY . " Obama passes Obama baton , Obama sought Obama lend Clinton every ounce of credibility he has Obama telling delegates that no man or woman has ever been    for the presidency than his former Obama of state .   " Not me , not Bill , not nobody , " he said Bill   Bill Clinton Clinton applauded     two Democratic icons at once saying : This is Hillary Clinton ’s party now .   From a video introduction that focused on the work left to do to achieve Obama ’s vision , the President made Clinton Clinton is the only Clinton capable of solidifying his legacy . " Clinton have confidence , as I leave this stage tonight , that the Democratic Party is in good hands , " Obama said as he Obama .   Clinton Obama ’s final line Obama designed to underscore his vision of Clinton Obama his heir . " Obama you for this incredible journey , " he said . " Obama ’s keep it going . "   Obama got as close Obama a literal    as possible , with Clinton joining him    Clinton soon Clinton he finished his speech Clinton The Clinton held hands and waved , and then both Clintons and Obama met privately   Obama   Nightcap : The latest news and political buzz from CNN Politics | Sign up , Joe Biden ’s pep rally for America   Want to know what Vice President Joe Biden Joe Biden the 2016 presidential campaign , had he decided to run ? Rewind his Joe Biden speech Wednesday night .   Joe Biden    speech was half     and his   speech for the middle class .   " He is trying to tell us he Joe Biden about the middle class . Joe Biden me a break . the middle class bunch of malarkey , " Biden said . " This guy does n’t have a clue Joe Biden Middle Class . Not a clue . "   In what the middle class Biden ’s swan song , Biden     or "   Joe , " he Biden himself     made an argument that could penetrate Trump ’s base of Biden     in Biden     way Clinton and Obama ca n’t . " Biden just did what Obama and Clinton do n’t do effectively . .. he Biden American Exceptionalism , Obama tweeted Clinton Stutzman , a California Republican strategist Biden   Tim Kaine : America ’s dad , His job was never going to be easy : Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine dad up after Biden had brought down the house and while the crowd was eagerly anticipating Obama Biden    Tim Kaine ’s convention speech : 5 moments that made a splash on Twitter Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine was n’t chosen by Clinton to light up a room . On social media Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine Kaine was compared to a dad : Slightly embarrassing , yet relentlessly nice , even Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine he was trying to be mean . He even did an impersonation , mocking Trump Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine the billionaire ’s reprise " believe Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine . "   " By the way , does anybody in this massive auditorium believe that Donald Trump ’s been paying his fair share of taxes ? " Kaine asked . Trump " No ! " Trump built toward a Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine close ,    a list of icons of the progressive Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine . And his biggest applause lines came in Spanish     a reminder of his fluency in the Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine , which could help the Democratic ticket reach Latino voters Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine Trump might have alienated .     ’ myopia , Democrats have largely been able to snuff out any real damage from the     crowd     but their chants over former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta blew a moment the party had planned all day Democrats Panetta was the designated hitter on the controversy over Donald Trump ’s suggestion that Russia release Clinton ’s former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta . And he dropped a couple sharp lines as he made the broader case that Trump is unfit to lead former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta nation ’s military .   Bernie former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta protests interrupt California delegation breakfast Donald Trump " As someone who was responsible for protecting our nation from    it is inconceivable to me that any presidential candidate would be that irresponsible . I say this out of a firm concern Bernie Sanders the future of my children and my grandchildren : Donald Trump can not become   " Panetta said . Yet the     stepped all over the moment by chanting " No more wars ! " over him . It was bad enough that Democrats had to dim the lights over the rebelling delegations to Donald Trump to get back   . Afterward , television anchors focused on the protests     not Panetta ’s    message .   Bloomberg : Trump ’s a ’con’ Former New York City Mayor Michael Panetta     the       curiosity of the Acela Donald Trump     delivered a     assault on Trump ’s business record .   He quipped that unlike Trump , he did n’t start his business Donald Trump a "   check from the      curiosity of the Acela corridor     father . " Donald Trump , the      curiosity of the Acela corridor     mused about an the      curiosity of the Acela corridor     run for president himself , endorsed Clinton     but , as one of the few political figures with the business experience to match Trump ’s , he was most effective undermining the core selling point of Trump ’s candidacy : His competency Donald Trump compared to the      curiosity of the Acela corridor     political establishment ’s ineptitude .   " Trump has left behind a    the      curiosity of the Acela corridor     of bankruptcies , thousands of lawsuits , angry shareholders and contractors who Donald Trump cheated , and disillusioned customers who feel ripped off , " Bloomberg said . " Trump says he wants to run the nation like he ’s run his business . God help us . Donald Trump   Donald Trump I ’m a New Yorker , Donald Trump he said Donald Trump " I know a con when I see one . " 
 Donald Trump 