Hillary Clinton delivered a lacerating rebuke on Thursday of Hillary Clinton likely Republican opponent , Donald J. Trump , declaring that he was hopelessly unprepared and temperamentally unfit to be commander in chief . Electing he , Hillary Clinton said , would be a " historic mistake . " Speaking in a steady , modulated tone but lobbing some of the most fiery lines of Hillary Clinton presidential campaign , Hillary Clinton painted Mr. Donald J. Trump a reckless , childish and uninformed amateur who was playing at the game of global statecraft . " This is not someone who should ever have the nuclear codes , " she Hillary Clinton , " because it ’s not hard to imagine Donald Trump Donald J. Trump into a war just because somebody got under his very thin Donald J. Trump . " Mrs. Clinton , whose campaign had grappled for weeks over how to handle Mr. Trump , seemed to find her Hillary Clinton as she Hillary Clinton an audience in San Diego that laughed and cheered as she Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump ’s foreign policy pronouncements . They were , she Hillary Clinton , " not even really ideas , just a series of bizarre rants , personal feuds and outright lies . " The speech , which mixed biting sarcasm and somber assessments of the foreign crises of the Obama years , unfurled what is likely to be the core argument that Mrs. Clinton will carry into the general election . Her remarks were Mrs. Clinton as a major foreign policy address , and she was flanked Mrs. Clinton a row of 19 American flags as majestic as those that often back Mr. Trump at his public events Mr. Trump Yet the speech was devoid of new policy prescriptions , and she skipped over Mrs. Clinton episodes during her tenure as Mrs. Clinton of state , including the NATO intervention in Libya and its bloody aftermath Libya Benghazi . Instead she borrowed a Mrs. Clinton from President Obama , reeling off zingers that are catnip to    channels . It won her the kind Mrs. Clinton sustained live coverage that Mr. Trump has enjoyed routinely but Mrs. Clinton has Mrs. Clinton though the announcement by Speaker Paul D. Ryan that he planned to vote Mr. Trump Mr. Trump stole her Mr. Trump the Mrs. Clinton moments of the    address . She said she imagined Mrs. Clinton Trump Mrs. Clinton " composing Mr. Trump " about her even as she Mrs. Clinton . And Mrs. Clinton he was : " Bad performance Mr. Trump Crooked Hillary Clinton ! " Mr. Trump wrote . " Reading Mr. Trump the teleprompter ! She does n’t even Mrs. Clinton presidential . " But Mrs. Clinton sought to turn Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton Twitter habit into Mr. Trump point demonstrating that he was " unfit " for the presidency , Mr. Trump she put it . Mrs. Clinton twice referred to Mrs. Clinton scene in the the presidency House Situation Room where as secretary of state , she advised Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton the raid on a compound in Pakistan that killed Osama bin Laden . " Imagine Donald Trump sitting in the Situation Room , making     decisions on behalf of the United States , " Mrs. Clinton said , Mrs. Clinton of " No ! " from her audience . " Imagine Mrs. Clinton he had not just his Twitter account at his disposal when he ’s angry , he America ’s entire he . " he an interview with The New York Times during Mrs. Clinton ’s speech , Mrs. Clinton that Mrs. Clinton ’s performance was " terrible Mrs. Clinton pathetic . " He added : " I ’m not    at all . I ’m the opposite Mr. Trump   . " For Mrs. Clinton , whose formal speeches tend to be earnest and laden with policy prescriptions , it was a striking departure   —    a rollicking political indictment that doubled as Mrs. Clinton ’s first    response to Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton of criticism about her ethics and judgment during a    in public life Mrs. Clinton The speech came after weeks of study by Clinton aides to determine which attacks by Mr. Trump ’s Mrs. Clinton rivals had not worked . It was studded with punch lines : Mr. Trump " does n’t have a clue what he The speech talking about , " Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump one point . " Donald does Mrs. Clinton the Mr. Trump , " she said at another . " This is n’t reality television Mr. Trump " she said of a Trump presidency . " This is actual Mrs. Clinton . " After her campaign had initially issued a tepid response Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton proposal of defaulting on the national debt , calling the idea " risky , " Mrs. Mr. Trump that such action would lead to " Mrs. Clinton catastrophe . " " He believes we can treat the U. S. economy like one of Mrs. Clinton casinos , " she said . The speech was roughly 10 Mrs. Clinton in the making Mrs. Clinton written by Mrs. Clinton ’s speechwriters , Dan Schwerin and Megan Rooney , and top policy aide , Jake Sullivan , with outside advisers including Mr. Obama ’s former chief speechwriter , Jon Favreau , reviewing a late draft . Ms. Rooney , a former State Department speechwriter , was perched on the arm of Mrs. Clinton ’s chair on a flight from Boston to San Diego on Wednesday night , making revisions on her laptop and Mrs. Clinton’s the lines echoed Mrs. Clinton ’s sardonic humor . The address was a meaty rebuttal to Democrats who Mrs. Clinton’s expressed concern that Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign lacked gumption in going after Mr. Trump , particularly because Mr. Obama and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts have Mrs. Clinton’s skewer him . By turns mocking and stern , Mrs. Clinton derided Mr. Trump for suggesting that Japan should acquire nuclear weapons to deter North Korea , that the United States should have walked Mrs. Clinton’s the nuclear Mr. Trump Iran , and that " maybe Syria should be a free zone for ISIS . " " He says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant in Russia , " Mrs. Clinton said . " And to top it Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump believes America is weak . Mr. Trump embarrassment . He called our military a disaster . He said we are , and I quote , a ‘ Mr. Trump country the United States ’ " In vivid strokes , Mr. Trump Clinton the United States not just her case Mr. Trump Mr. the United States but the broader    debate in the election : She cast herself as the defender of an Mrs. Clinton order against an insurgent Mrs. Clinton did not understand , let alone respect , the network of alliances the Mrs. Clinton States Mrs. Clinton after World War II to safeguard its interests . Mrs. Clinton presented herself as a    commander in chief , a fervent believer in America as an exceptional country , tested by her time the United States the Situation Mrs. Clinton She highlighted Mrs. Clinton ability to go " toe to toe " with leaders in Beijing and Moscow , contrasting that with what Mrs. Clinton said was Mr. Trump ’s " Mrs. Clinton fascination Mrs. Clinton dictators and strongmen who have no love for America . " " I ’ll leave it to the psychiatrists Mrs. Clinton explain his affection for tyrants , " she said . " I just wonder how anyone could be so wrong about who America ’s real friends are . " Even as she excoriated Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton Clinton kept a close eye on domestic politics . She noted , for example America she understood the deep qualms that voters Mrs. Clinton with trade deals . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump ’s threats to impose tariffs on Chinese Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton said , would Mrs. Clinton off a trade war of the kind that deepened the Great Depression in the Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton recited a handful of highlights from Mrs. Clinton at the State Department , including her role in brokering a    between Israel and Hamas in Gaza in 2012 and Mrs. Clinton world to impose sanctions on Iran over Mrs. Clinton nuclear program . But she failed to Mrs. Clinton out her proposals for dealing with the Islamic State or the civil war in Syria . To Mrs. Clinton , such policy details were not Iran important as Mrs. Clinton     differences between her Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump . " He has said that he would order our military to carry Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump murder of civilians who are related to suspected terrorists , even though those Mrs. Clinton war crimes , " Mrs. Clinton said . " He says He does n’t have to listen to our generals or our admirals Hillary Clinton ambassadors and other high officials , because he has , quote , ‘ a very good brain . ’ " " He also He , ‘ I know more about ISIS than the our do , our me.’ You know what ? " she He . " I do n’t believe him . " Mrs. Clinton ended her He ISIS a more solemn Hillary Clinton , arguing that Mr. Trump ’s proposals , like barring Muslims from entering the United States , " could fuel an ugly narrative about me.’ Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump Trump Mrs. Clinton she said , would undo decades of statecraft by Republicans and Democrats the United States Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton recalled an advertisement Mr. Trump took out in newspapers in 1987 , during the Reagan administration , " saying that America Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump and that the world was , you guessed it , laughing at us . " " Mrs. Clinton got to wonder why somebody who fundamentally has so little confidence in America the United States has felt that way for at least 30 years wants to be our president , the world said . 
 the United States us 