Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s super PAC almost raised more money in August than all of Donald Trump ’s super PACs have combined during the entire 2016 campaign , collecting more than $ 20 million in what super PAC called their super PACs successful month so far . Priorities USA raised $ 21 . 6 million from wealthy Democrats , according to spokesman Justin Barasky , more than twice what it Priorities USA during the prior month . The Priorities USA $ 41 . 5 million on hand as of August 31 , money it is Priorities USA into swing states to finance what has so far been a relentless paid media campaign against Trump , though his poll Trump remain competitive . The group , now led by Clinton loyalists , struggled at the beginning of the campaign to install donor confidence , but has over the course of the race raised more than $ 130 million from Democratic donors . The group The group, now led by Clinton loyalists $ 29 million in commitments . The names of their latest donors The group, now led by Clinton loyalists not be disclosed until later this month , but several perennial Democratic heavyweights     from Haim Saban to Donald Sussman     have cut the group checks in recent months . Trump ’s several super PACs , on the other hand , have largely sputtered , with none managing to convince donors that they are the donors place to park their cash . donors most successful group , Rebuilding America Now , has raised more than $ 13 million but has had trouble in recent months convincing major GOP donors to invest in Trump .   Trump discrepancy has led to an unprecedented advertising advantage for Clinton forces , who spent much of the summer blasting Trump on the Trump reciprocation from the Republican nominee . " Hillary Clinton and her super Clinton spent over Clinton 130 million on negative political ads , " Trump ’s finance chair , Trump Mnuchin , said in a statement earlier Thursday . " And yet we are virtually tied ( or better ) in the most recent national polls and leading in many of the important swing states . " 
 