Democratic nominee for president Hillary R. Clinton and her GOP rival Donald J. Trump are all    in the battle for Pennsylvania ’s 20 electoral votes , according to the    poll conducted Nov. 1 and Nov. 2 with 1 , 016 registered voters in the state . [ " Clinton is at 47 percent and Trump is 45 percent , inside our margin of error , but really the swing is towards Trump , " said Doug Kaplan , the managing director of Gravis Marketing , the    polling company that executed the poll . the poll carries a 3 . 1 percent margin of error with a 95 percent level of confidence .   Libertarian Gary Johnson and Green Party nominee Dr. Jill Stein were each the choice of two percent of the respondents , Kaplan said . In the Senate race , Republican Sen. Patrick J. Toomey is also in a statistical tie with his Republican Sen. Patrick J. Toomey challenger Katie McGinty , 45 percent for McGinty and 47 percent for Toomey Republican Sen. Patrick J. Toomey he Republican Sen. Patrick J. Toomey . The Pennsylvania voters were asked a series of questions to gauge the mood of the electorate in the Keystone State .    percent of the The Pennsylvania voters that Obamacare was not a success , while 33 percent said President Barack Obama ’s healthcare reform law was a success .    percent of the voters The Pennsylvania voters the country is going in the " Wrong Direction , " compared to 33 percent who said the country is the country the " Right Direction . "    percent said that the next president President Barack Obama the direction and pursue new policies , " but 40 percent said they want the next president to percent President Barack Obama of Barack Obama . " Asked : Why do you think FBI Director James Comey chose to reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server while Secretary of State after the agency recently uncovered thousands of emails on the laptop used by Clinton ’s closest adviser ?    percent of Hillary Clinton’s said Comey believed he found a significant development and FBI Director James Comey percent FBI Director James Comey they believe Comey was trying to influence the percent of respondents of FBI Director James Comey election . Twenty percent of voters said the news regarding the reboot of the FBI investigation into Clinton ’s private emails was " More Likely Clinton’s affect their vote , 21 percent said it was " private emails Likely , " but 59 21 percent of the respondents said it would have no impact on their decision . 21 percent poll participants were asked about the respondents effect on Clinton : How concerned are you that if Hillary Clinton’s Clinton were elected President her current controversies Hillary Clinton’s will continue to be Hillary Clinton’s central focus of her Presidency and detract from her ability to lead Hillary Clinton’s country ?    percent Hillary Clinton’s the respondents said they were " Very Concerned " with 14 percent " percent of the respondents , " for a combined for a total of 62 percent . Seventeen percent said they were " Not Concerned " and 20 percent said Seventeen percent were " Not Very Concerned . " The poll Seventeen percent conducted using a combination of interactive voice response polling and an internet panel of cell phone users with results weighted to match a proprietary turnout model . Pennsylvania ( November 3 , 2016 ) v2 ( 1 ) by Breitbart News on Scribd , 
 