’   ’ ’    First daughter Ivanka Trump is set to assume a " voluntary "    position in the White House described as First daughter Ivanka Trump father’ ’s " eyes and    ears , " but experts say it could put the First daughter Ivanka Trump administration in    questionable ethical territory . ’ ’    First daughter Ivanka Trump will get an office in the West Wing , security clearance , and    government communications devices , all while maintaining    ownership of First daughter Ivanka Trump eponymous fashion and jewelry brand . ’ "    The latest move by Trump ’s White House has some legal ethics    experts wondering whether the administration has breached    boundaries that govern conduct in the country ’s highest office . " "    Ivanka Trump has long been a trusted adviser to Ivanka Trump father , from    Ivanka Trump capacity as executive vice president of      development and acquisition in the Trump Organization , to Ivanka Trump    past involvement in Trump ’s administration . " ’    Before Ivanka Trump arrival in the West Wing , Ivanka participated in a    number of events with the president , including meetings with    German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Canadian Prime Minister Justin    Trudeau , and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ; trips with the    president and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe cabinet members ; bill signings in the Oval    Office ; and meetings in the West Wing . ’ "    Trump ’s decision to further involve Ivanka in Trump’s inner circle ,     is already raising red flags for scholars    who have voiced concern over the first daughter ’s growing    influence in the first daughter’s father ’s administration . " ’   ’ ’    The first and most frequently raised question is whether the    Trump White House is flouting antinepotism laws by giving his    daughter an office in the West Wing . The   prohibits public officials   —    including    the president   —    from appointing relatives to positions in    agencies over which they preside . ’ ’    Based on the text of the law , one might think it would be illegal    for the president to give the president daughter   —    and the president     Jared    Kushner   —    a position in the White House . ’ ’    However , whether this administration has crossed a line is still    a gray area that goes back to a     judicial ruling    involving Hillary Clinton when Hillary Clinton was first lady . At the time ,    Hillary Clinton appointed Hillary to head up a healthcare    task force . After a     brought by the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons    against Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton federal judges ruled that the    federal antinepotism statute did not apply to the White House in    the same way it did to other federal or executive agencies . ’ ’    In other words , " it appears based on [ the ruling ] that certain    positions in the White House the White House considered    [ ] positions " because the White House hasn’’t    the White House as an agency , " which is what the law was    limited to , " said Scott Amey , a lawyer at the Project on    Government Oversight . ’ ’    " We doubt that Congress intended to include the White House or    the Executive the White House President " within the constraints of    the antinepotism law , Judge Laurence Silberman wrote in the 1993    ruling involving Hillary Clinton . ’ ’    He added : " So , for example , Judge Laurence Silberman President would be barred from    appointing his brother as Attorney General , but    not a President a    White House special assistant . .. The    statute ,    moreover , may well bar appointment only to paid positions in    government . " ’ "    Though it ’s been disputed by legal scholars , the 1993 decision    could have paved the way for Trump to appoint his       Jared Kushner to a White House position Trump and it may apply in    Ivanka ’s situation as White House , particularly because she will not be    a paid government employee Ivanka and the judges’ interpretation of the    law stipulates that it may apply only to paid positions . " "    The Department of Justice ’s Office of Legal Counsel , which serves    as an interpreter of federal law as it applies to the president ,    decided in federal law that the antinepotism statute covered the White    House in the same way as it did federal agencies , thereby    preventing former the White   House Richard Nixon from appointing a    relative to his White House staff . "       However former President Richard Nixon the day after Trump was sworn in , the OLC changed its    decision to exclude White House staff from the OLC statute , saying in White House   that the president " enjoys an unusual degree of    freedom " when selecting his staff , " which Congress found suitable    to the demands of his office . " It pointed to a separate   his the DC Circuit Court of Appeals , which said    the antinepotism law’ ’s definition of an executive agency did not    include the executive residence of the White House . ’ ’    " It doesn’’t make much sense to exclude the White House from an    antinepotism statute , but the White House law’ ’s interpretation as it    stands , " said Jon Michaels , an expert on the government ,    constitutional law , and    law at the UCLA School    of Law . " Why exempt White House staff from the law when they’’re    part of the federal government ? " Law    He added that things the government by the fact that    Ivanka , unlike "Why exempt White House staff from the law when they’’re   part of the federal government?" ’ ’    , is serving in a voluntary capacity and    will not hold an official title , nor receive a salary . ’ ’    But calling it " voluntary " could raise other ethical and legal    questions about Ivanka’ ’s role . The   is a 1982 law that prohibits federal employees from ,    among other things , accepting voluntary services rendered to the    US , except in cases involving the safety of human life or the    protection of property . ’ ’   ’ "    Given that she will hold no official position nor receive any    compensation from the government , Ivanka ’s role may be classified    as a voluntary service , Michaels said , and could be in violation    of the Antideficiency Act , depending on how the law is    interpreted . " ’    " It’ ’s an open question on whether you can volunteer in the White    House , " Amey said . " Other agencies can’’t have volunteers , but    again , it can get down to the definition of agency and some other    terms .    ’ ’    Perhaps anticipating the questions that would be raised    she    began working in the White House , Ivanka highlighted that she    would " voluntarily comply " with ethics rules that would apply if    she were a government employee . ’ ’    Being a volunteer , however , she allow Ivanka to be exempt from    the same ethical standards as White House staff . Ivanka employees    are bound by a number of provisions involving the White House    transparency , as well as laws prohibiting conflicts of interest . ’ ’    " By not becoming a government employee , it makes it easier to    avoid nepotism laws and exist outside the scope of ethics laws . it She can comply voluntarily , and she can theoretically decide not    to if it       , " Michaels said .    ’    The Department    Justice and    Office    Government Michaels    should weigh in on whether or not Ivanka should serve in the West    Wing and how best to manage any conflicts of interest regarding    the law , Amey added . ’ ’    The Associated Press   that government watchdogs are already Amey    about the " middle space " created by a voluntary position in the    White House . To voice their concerns , they sent a letter to White    House counsel Don McGahn , signed by two former their House    lawyers and three transparency advocates , urging White House    reconsider the appropriateness of Ivanka working in the White    House . A spokeswoman White   House counsel Don McGahn her    was approved by the Ivanka House the White   House and that ethical conflict issues were " worked A spokeswoman   "    with the OGE . ’ ’    " We addressed the appropriate way to approach the ethics issues    deriving from Ivanka Trump ’s assets , " Ivanka’ ’s laywer , Jamie    Gorelick , told Business Insider . ’ ’    A spokesperson for the OGE told Business Insider that " the OGE    was essentially notified of the general contours of her plan the OGE    Notification Business Insider , is the OGE as formulating and    approving a plan to avoid ethical issues . ’ ’   ’ "    the first daughter’s ’s appointment to an informal position in her    the first daughter’s ’s administration could be extending the executive branch ’s    power beyond what Congress intended and threaten the       doctrine . " ’    Congress maintains power of the purse , meaning that it provides Congress funding for White House staff and appointments . Congress ’    " If those funds White House for what the president wants . ..    if he wants more power or more personnel , he has to ask    Congress , " Michaels said . ’ ’    He added : " If the president soliciting or accepting voluntary services ,    the president empowering the executive branch beyond Michaels the    legislative branch intended . " ’ "    Of all the questions raised by Ivanka ’s appointment in the Trump    administration , the most important one is , what exactly will    Ivanka’s responsibilities be ? Ivanka ’    We don’’t know much about Ivanka’ ’s role , other than that she will    function Ivanka her father’ ’s " eyes and ears Ivanka’ in the White House . ’ ’    " She is intending to spend some don’’t on the White House    cares don’’t , particularly with regard to women in the workplace , "    Gorelick said in an don’’t ’ ’    It is unclear to what capacity don’’t will be involved in    meetings with foreign diplomats and leaders , or how much she will    be involved in policy debates and legislation Ivanka That ambiguity has    some scholars concerned . ’ ’    Ivanka’ ’s role is " officially unofficial " and breaches       standards while threatening national security , wrote Susan    Ivanka’    Klein Murillo in an   for the Chicago Tribune . Murillo is a Lawfare    contributor and editor    the Harvard Law Review , and Hennessey    is a    fellow at the Brookings Institution and a    former lawyer Klein Murillo the National Security Agency . ’ ’    " My biggest concern is that this is yet another erosion of    government ethics standards in this White House , " Kathleen Clark ,    a law professor at Washington University in St Louis and a    specialist in government ethics , told NPR . ’ "    In the event that Ivanka ’s or anyone else ’s role in the White    House is found to be unethical or a legal violation , it ’s unclear    Ivanka it would be prosecuted in the the White   House typically    more likely to hear cases in which there is evidence of damage or    injury to that Ivanka’s or anyone else’s role in the White   House party . In a    like this , they may consider the    issue a political conflict and decline to hold a hearing . " ’    " A lot of these things are settled practice and no one has come one party close to [ crossing a line ] , " Michaels said . " But now we’’re    [ testing the limits ] pretty often , and all these legal questions    Michaels haven’’t been tested much are becoming important . " ’ ’First daughter Ivanka Trump is set to assume a. .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
    