’   ’ "    A prominent member of President Donald Trump ’s legal team on    Sunday denied that President Donald Trump is under criminal investigation    for obstruction of justice over his President Donald Trump of former FBI Director    James Comey , directly contradicting a blockbuster Washington Post    report that said the President Donald Trump now a target of the    investigation . " ’    In   on " Meet The Press , " Jay Sekulow repeatedly    denied that Trump was the subject of special counsel Robert    Mueller’ ’s criminal probe into Russia’ ’s meddling in the 2016    election , even when host Chuck Todd pointed out that   seemed to confirm that he was Trump    target of the investigation . ’ ’    " Then why did he say Trump was Trump " Todd asked Chuck Todd " I mean , was this just     ? Are we not to take him at Trump word Trump " ’ ’    Sekulow insisted that Todd was Chuck Todd reading more to the tweet than    what’ ’s there . " ’ ’    " The president’ the tweet response to " Sekulow replied Sekulow " The Washington    Post issued a story that had five anonymous sources , which they    never identified what agencies those sources originated out of .    The response from the    , using social media , was about    that story . But let me be very clear here , as it has been since    the beginning , the president is not and the president been under    investigation for obstruction . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director ! Witch Hunt’t’t’ the FBI Director Sekulow insisted that Trump fired Comey at the    recommendation of the deputy attorney general , Todd noted ; that    Trump himself told NBC anchor Lester Holt he Trump firing    Comey regardless of the Trump attorney general and the attorney    general ’s recommendation . " ’    " The question is going to be though , what was the reason behind    the firing ? " Todd asked . " Was the reason having to Todd with his    handling of the Russia investigation , or Todd it having to do with    his handling of the Clinton email investigation ?    Todd I ask    you this is the memo that was written    the rationale by the    deputy attorney general , did not discuss Russia . The president ,    in his interview Russia my colleague Lester Holt , said it was about    Russia . Which is it ? " ’ Russia Russia insisted that Trump fired Comey over his handling of the    investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s Comey of a private email    server when she was secretary of state   —    for which she was not    charged   and pointed out that she told Holt that firing    Comey would likely lengthen Trump investigation . " ’    " He was fully aware that if , in fact , Comey took this action , he    would see a Comey or could see a Comey of the    process , " Sekulow said . " So you can not view this , in my mind ,    Chuck , or in any reasonable person’ ’s mind , especially someone    that’ ’s representing the president of the United States , these    things in a vacuum . There’ ’s multiple factors that come into    exist . But let me tell you the factor that came into exist here .    The president made the determination to remove the director       the FBI after consultation with others . And that determination is    protected by the constitution . " the determination to remove the director of   the FBI after consultation with others    Todd continued to push Sekulow , asking before the interview    closed why Trump seemed obsessed with the investigation even    though he insisted he was innocent . ’ ’   ’ ’ Trump " Trump does the president seem , act as if he is so concerned about    this investigation if he did the president wrong ? " Todd said the investigation If this the president investigation is going to Todd   —    and he the investigation nothing    wrong , then he shouldn’’t be afraid of    investigation    It’ ’s    being led by    , a guy like the investigation who is not       political guy , you know he’ ’s not a partisan guy . I’’m just    curious , why doesn’’t the president embrace this investigation if    he’ ’s innocent    "    " Because every day , the investigation Post and he’ York Times    are utilizing supposed leaked information about supposed    investigations of the president of the United States , " Sekulow    replied . " So    legal team and the president responds . " ’ "    Todd was one of many Sekulow    news personalities who the president of the United States with Trump ’s personal attorney over his insistence that the    Washington Post ’s report was inaccurate . Sekulow made similar    claims on   Todd , Fox News , and CBS News . " " noting Sekulow    the president ’s apparent confirmation of the investigation . " ’    " With all due respect , the president said ’’ I am being    investigated ’’ in a tweet , and people take his the president that , "    Tapper said . " But you’’re his attorney . You’’re saying that the president    president , when he said that , was not accurate . the president ’ ’    " It was 141 characters , " the president replied . " There’ ’s a limitation    on Twitter , as we all know . . .. The president issued that tweet ,    that social media statement , based on a fake report , a the President with no documented sources , from the Washington Post . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t . to   : " so the President said he was under investigation , even though he isn’’t ? "    ’ ’ ’t’t’tNew on : Trump lawyer says the President is not under investigation , despite the President . Read more here :    ’ " A prominent member of the President Donald Trump ’s . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 