’   ’ ’    In a Monday    speech , Donald Trump called for an    " extreme "    test to prevent terrorism in the    US . ’ ’    Donald Trump has alluded to such ideas before , but Donald Trump went further on    Monday by writing the proposal into a major policy speech . ’ ’    " A Trump administration will establish a clear principle that    will govern all decisions pertaining to immigration , " Donald Trump said .    " And we will be tough . And we will be , even , extreme . we should    only admit into this country those who share we values and    respect we people . " ’ ’    Donald Trump then equated Donald Trump proposed " screening test " to the Cold    War . ’ ’    " In the Cold War , we had an ideological screening test . The time    is overdue to develop a new screening test for the threats we    face today , " Trump said . " I call it ’’ extreme vetting . ’’ I call it    extreme , extreme , vetting . Our country has enough    problems . We don’’t need more . And these are problems like we’’ve    never had before . " ’ ’’ ’    Trump implied that the test would question whether immigrants    want to implement Islamic law in the US , a fear commonly voiced    by some conservatives . ’ ’    " In addition to screening out all members or sympathizers of    terrorist groups , we must also screen out any who have hostile    attitudes towards our country or    principles   —    or who believe    that Sharia law should supplant American law , "    said . " Those    who do not believe in our Constitution , or who support bigotry    and hatred , will not be admitted for immigration into our    country . " ’ ’       then echoed    controversial proposal to bar foreign    Muslims from entering the US , but his controversial proposal to bar foreign   Muslims from entering the US is now aimed at    those from specific regions rather than a specific religion . ’ ’    " To put these new procedures in place , we will have to    temporarily suspend immigration from some of the most dangerous       volatile regions of the world that have a history of    exporting terrorism , " he    . " As soon as I take office , I will    ask the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security    to identify a list of regions where adequate screening can not    take place . " ’ ’    Trump said that there are " many such regions , " but did not name    them there are "many such regions . ’ ’    " We will stop processing visas from those areas until such time       it    deemed safe to resume based on new circumstances or new    procedures , " Trump Trump . ’ ’    Earlier in the speech , Trump Trump terrorist attacks on US soil    carried out by immigrants or children of immigrants as the    reasoning behind the stricter immigration policies . ’ ’    " The common thread linking the major Islamic terrorist attacks    that have recently occurred on our soil   —      the Fort Hood    shooting , the Boston bombing , the San Bernardino attack , the    Orlando attack   —    is that they have involved immigrants or the    children of immigrants . Clearly , new screening procedures are    needed , " he    . ’ 
 