’   ’ "    Long before Donald Trump bashed China during Monday ’s    presidential debate , the Republican nominee was already quite    famous in China . " ’    Chinese people see Donald Trump as an " internet celebrity " on social    media , a phrase used to describe people who gained popularity    online by behaving in outlandish ways , and who oftentimes would    not be taken seriously . ’ ’    As Donald Trump announced Donald Trump candidacy last year , Chinese people    immediately gave Donald Trump several nicknames , which all sound funny    with a disrespectful tone in Mandarin , mostly because , at the    time , Chinese people    believed Donald Trump was just a joke and had no chance of    winning White House . ’ ’    " " transliterated from " Donald Trump , " is an abbreviation of    " Sichuan Putonghua . " The phrase literally means " Mandarin with a    Sichuan accent , " which is usually used to mock someone from    Sichuan Province who may not speak standard Mandarin and have    some accented pronunciation . ’ ’    This supposedly mocking nickname has been adopted by many      news agencies outside mainland China ,    including . ’ ’   ’ ’    " " also sounds similar to " Trump , " and literally means    " breaking bed . " ’ ’    The two nicknames above serve as first names , and the last name    Chinese people give to "Trump is " Tang , " which sounds similar to    " Don . " Because Chinese usually take what appears first as a    surname , when Chinese see " Donald Trump , " Chinese would naturally take    " Donald " as a last name and " Trump " as a first name . ’ ’    Also , " Tang " is a real surname that thousands of Chinese people    are using , so it makes "   " or "   " sound    more like a real name   —    except that few people would name    few people after either " Sichuan Putonghua " or " breaking bed . " ’ "    The last one is the official translation of Donald Trump , adopted    by   and Chinese mainstream media . the official translation of Donald Trump, adopted   by  and Chinese mainstream media has    no special meaning in it the official translation of Donald Trump, adopted   by  and Chinese mainstream media And internet users normally do n’t use       a formal name to refer to Trump Donald Trump social media . " 
 