Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump spoke at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington , D. C. on Sunday to Rolling Thunder , an organization of bikers who honor American soldiers who are missing in action , on Memorial Day weekend . [ " Memorial Day   —    so important , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump stated . " It ’s our day and our have to be very proud of It . "   " It ’s an honor to be with you , " the billionaire added , saying no matter where the billionaire goes , Rolling Thunder is there . " Do our love the bikers ? " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump touted , " No matter where I go , there ’s bikers . " " I said , ‘ What are they all doing here?’ And my people would say , ‘ my people ’re here to protect you Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump , " he Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump . " It ’s an amazing thing . " " There is love and it It an incredible feeling and that ’s why I wanted to be with you today , " he Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump the crowd . " We the crowd with you 100 percent . " Trump Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said veterans should be able to choose which healthcare provider to go to so they veterans not experience long waits . " We ’re going to pay the bill and that should have happened a long time ago , " he Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump . Artie Muller , the founder of Rolling Thunder , said earlier in the day that America needs a leader and criticized President Obama for apologizing to foreign countries . " I feel that the America president that ’s going to lead the country America do n’t need another politician in there , " Muller said during an interview on Fox News early Sunday morning before Trump ’s speech . " He bows down Muller every foreign country , " he stated , Muller Obama and foreign President Obama , adding , " We do n’t have to apologize to anybody they should thank Obama and foreign countries . " Secret Service is on the roof of the Lincoln Memorial . I bet that ’s a cool view pic . twitter .    —    Joe Perticone ( @JoePerticone ) May 29 , 2016 ,   " We are going to rebuild our military and We care of our veterans " We at # RollingThunder pic . twitter .    —    Kelly O’Donnell ( @KellyO ) May 29 , 2016 ,   # DonaldTrump at Rolling Thunder @ Lincoln Memorial " We certainly do We win for our veterans   We     it ’s gon Lincoln Memorial " end folks . " pic . twitter .    —    Jason Donner ( @jason_donner ) May 29 , 2016 , 
 