  ( CNN ) Until Friday night , the eve of the People ’s Climate March on Washington , the US government website EPA .   explained how humans are warming the planet by burning fossil fuels and why that is a huge deal for us and for future generations .   Now the page carries an Orwellian message : " the page is being updated . "   " Thank you for your interest in this topic , " the message continues . " We are currently updating our We to reflect EPA ’s priorities under the leadership of President [ Donald ] Trump and [ US Environmental Protection Agency ] Administrator [ Scott ] Pruitt . " It ’s been clear for months , if not years , what Donald Trump and his Donald Trump think of climate change . At worst , they Donald Trump and his appointees it a hoax . At best , they Donald Trump and his appointees it it overblown     no big deal . We need more science , they Donald Trump and his appointees , while also moving to strip government science agencies of funding . They Donald Trump and his appointees us to keep debating the climate crisis while they Donald Trump and his appointees it worse .   That is troubling , not only because Trump ’s retrograde    policies are likely to contribute to all the bad things that come along with    global warming , from worsening droughts to       and mass extinction . It is troubling because Trump Trump’s his Trump’s are " gaslighting " the American public on the science of climate change .   Following a playbook that seems to be written by the tobacco industry , the Trump administration and other prominent skeptics inject uncertainty and confusion into climate policy where it does n’t belong .   And the strategy appears to be working . Climate confusion is back into the American zeitgeist .   In addition to the website changes , which the Trump administration acknowledged and will be fully apparent only after the EPA posts replacements for the former climate change websites , a US House committee held a March 29 hearing giving voice to climate skeptics who say it ’s unclear to what degree humans are causing global warming . While it is true that no science is absolutely certain ( it ’s no science , so it ’s no science asking new questions of itself and no science ) the overwhelming majority of climate scientists     at least 97 % according to    studies     say humans are causing warming by polluting the atmosphere with    gases , primarily by burning fuels like coal , oil and natural gas . Burning those fuels releases carbon dioxide and other gases . Their    Burning those fuels releases carbon dioxide and other gases have been understood since the 1800s . Former NASA scientist James Hansen testified to Congress about the perils of " the global warming " in 1988 , nearly 30 years ago . And the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change declared in 2014 , after extensive review of the best science , that the buildup of these gases in the atmosphere , caused by humans , is " extremely likely to have been the dominant cause of the observed warming since the    century . "   In other words : Nearly certain . Worth betting on . " Extremely likely . "   Yet , Trump and others who hold the megaphone these days fixate on the thinnest slivers of doubt .   On Friday , the same day as the EPA website changes ( which also included the removal of some other climate    websites for revision , including one on the Clean Power Plan ) The New York Times ran a debut    by columnist Bret Stephens . In the piece , Stephens seemed columnist Bret Stephens rationalize skepticism about climate change and its potentially columnist Bret Stephens outcomes . " Claiming total certainty about the science traduces the spirit of science and creates openings for doubt whenever a climate claim proves wrong . .. None of this is to deny climate change or the possible severity of its consequences this " Stephens wrote columnist Bret Stephens " But ordinary citizens also have a right to be skeptical of an overweening scientism . " The implication seems to be : Take climate change with a grain of salt assume it ’s a grain of salt but . .. maybe not ? Or maybe its consequences a grain of salt overblown . It ’s a grain of salt to acknowledge there are probabilities and uncertainties inherent in scientific predictions . It ’s a grain of salt , however , to overstate uncertainty and use it to a grain of salt inaction . All the best science tells us that more greenhouse gases are dangerous for the planet , posing an expensive and potentially existential threat to life as we know it .   Some climate scientists have responded by canceling their subscriptions Some climate scientists The Times . " The Times The Times The Times critics of its decision [ The Times hire Stephens ] as ’’ " Stefan Rahmstorf , a professor of physics of the oceans at Germany ’s Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research , wrote in a letter to The Times . The Times is an insult to me and was the final straw to cancel my subscription . There is no    or    climate science , just as there is no Republican or Democrat theory of gravity . I have several good climate scientist friends who have been lifelong Republicans . Their understanding of climate several good climate scientist friends who have been lifelong Republicans does not differ from mine , because it is informed by Their understanding of climate change evidence . " " CO2 traps heat     more CO2 means a warmer climate , " he continued . " CO2 is basic physics , borne out by the history of climate . Denying these    facts is about as smart as claiming the Earth is flat , and best left to cranks , ideologues and fossil fuel lobbyists . " Dana Nuccitelli , an environmental scientist , wrote in The Guardian that people should think about these probabilities like they think about smoking people " Each time we smoke , " Nuccitelli wrote , " we increase the odds we developing cancer a little bit more . The future outcome is uncertain     we do n’t know exactly if or when the disaster of cancer will hit     but we know we ’re we it we likely every time we smoke , and we smart move is to mitigate that risk by cutting down on the cigarettes as quickly as possible .   " With climate change , each time we add more carbon pollution to the atmosphere , we increase the odds of a climate catastrophe a little bit more . The smart move is the smart move risk by cutting down on our burning of fossil fuels as quickly as possible . Stephens’ piece is akin to criticizing doctors and    groups for being too mean to the tobacco industry , and for not focusing on the uncertainty about exactly when the    patient will develop cancer . " Trump and the rest seem to want us to keep smoking the planet     despite    risks . Yet , government spin does n’t change reality .   It does n’t have to change government spin perception of it , either us 
 government spin 