Portland , Maine ( CNN ) A group of protesters at Donald Trump ’s rally here on Thursday stood up silently during the Republican nominee ’s speech and held up pocket copies of the Constitution . rally here on Thursday were quickly ejected by campaign staffers and drew fierce boos and jeers from the roughly 1 , 800 Donald Trump supporters packed into the auditorium , the capacity of the venue . The protest was a reference to Khizr Khan ’s    condemnation of Donald Trump at the Democratic National Convention last week . Khizr Khan is the father of a    soldier who was killed in action in the Iraq War . The seven protesters held up pocket copies of the Constitution issued by the American Civil Liberties Union . It was not immediately clear whether the demonstrators were affiliated with a particular organization . the American Civil Liberties Union responded on Twitter , saying : " Glad to see people are standing up for constitutional principles using their people ACLU Constitutions ! " RELATED : Khan holds up the Constitution issued by the American Civil Liberties Union at DNC , attacks Trump , The Trump Trump did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Trump Trump in this largely liberal city drew at least five other interruptions , including two people who tried to disrupt Trump ’s Trump chants accusing him of being Trump racist . The multiple protests at the rally come Trump’s rally in this largely liberal city weeks during which Trump has seen Trump few protests at his events , Trump sign of the risks his campaign is Trump on as it tries to carve his campaign support in traditionally Democratic strongholds . Trump ’s appeal Trump    workers has helped him cut into Trump advantage in certain parts of the country and the Republican nominee has vowed to campaign to flip several blue states , including California and his home state of the Republican nominee York     despite lacking much campaign infrastructure in either state . Trump had been slated to campaign in New York on Thursday New York campaign scrapped the stop to campaign in New York on Thursday earlier . Still , Trump pressed forward with his Trump to appeal to Trump of Sen. Bernie Sanders , who unsuccessfully challenged Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination . " Do we have Bernie Sanders people here ? " Trump asked , drawing a Trump whoops from the crowd . " We ’re going to get a we of Bernie Sanders votes , " he Bernie Sanders drawing a Trump from one man sitting in the balcony . " Not mine ! " the man shouted . Moments Trump as the man interrupted Trump ’s speech Trump , a Trump tapped him on the shoulder and escorted him out Trump the venue . The Republican Trump focused much of this speech on attacking Clinton and President Barack Obama . He also disputed that there was any " fissure " The Republican nominee him and running mate Mike Pence , after Pence endorsed The Republican nominee Speaker Paul Ryan ’s reelection , while Trump has declined to support the Speaker .   " Paul Ryan ’s a good guy , actually , so Pence endorsed House Speaker Paul Ryan me and he said , ’Would you mind if I endorsed ? I Mike n’t do that if it causes any complications.’ . .. I said , ’Mike , I endorsed like him?’ Yes . ’Go and do it . ’ " 
 ’Go 