  ( CNN ) Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard said Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ’s " skeptical " that Bashar   ’s regime was behind the chemical weapons attack that killed dozens of people in Syria . Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard remarks came after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said , " We have a very high level of confidence that the attacks were carried out by aircraft under the direction of the Bashar    regime , " and President Donald Trump said : " There can be no dispute that Syria used banned chemical weapons . "   CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer asked Gabbard if she Wolf Blitzer n’t believe the President , the secretary of state and Pentagon officials , all of whom came to the same conclusion : that Assad ’s regime was responsible . Gabbard Gabbard the previous invasion of Iraq , and the intelligence that suggested Iraq Iraq weapons of mass destruction , which turned out to be false . " So , yes , I ’m skeptical , " she Wolf Blitzer .    Gabbard Gabbard : " Why should we just blindly follow this escalation of a counterproductive    war ? "   Blitzer mentioned that the US military also shared an image of a radar track of a Syrian airplane from the Shayrat airfield flying to the purported chemical strike area Tuesday . Gabbard Gabbard , " Congress and the American people need to see and analyze this evidence and then make a decision based on that . "   The Hawaii congresswoman continued , " I have not seen that independent investigation occur and that proof presented showing exactly what happened and there are a number of theories of exactly what happened that day . "   " Do n’t you believe Bashar    bears any responsibility for the horrific deaths that have occurred in his Bashar    country ? " Blitzer asked .   " There ’s responsibility that goes around , " Gabbard said , " Standing here pointing fingers does not accomplish peace for the Syrian people . It will not bring about an end to this war . "   The congresswoman recently faced criticism for making an unannounced trip to Syria , where she The congresswoman with Assad . 
 