The presidential campaign of Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) is in disarray as the    Florida Senator ’s window of opportunity for the White House seems to be slamming shut . [ Questions about the   Florida Senator’s supposed viability as a presidential candidate forcefully surface , even inside the   Florida Senator’s own inner circle , amid horrendous performances by the    candidate .   CNN ’s Jamie Gangel and Tal Kolpan reported late Monday : A battle is being waged within Florida Sen. Marco Rubio ’s campaign about whether Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s should even remain in the Republican presidential race ahead of Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s home state primary on March 15 , sources say . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s is ‘ bullish’ on his Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s of winning the critical primary , despite some advisers who are less hopeful and believe a loss there would damage him Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s in both the    and   . Publicly , the campaign is maintaining they the campaign still a contender in this the Republican presidential race touting a Sunday win in Puerto Rico ’s primary that delivered Rubio Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s delegates . But privately , the campaign the campaign a debate about whether he Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s remain in the mix   —    even for his Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s state Florida Gangel and Kolpan quoted a source familiar with such discussions inside the Rubio Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s the campaign that he Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s drop out before Florida to protect his Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s political future —   as saying that Rubio Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s does n’t want to get killed in his Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s state . " That source told CNN that in Florida " a a source familiar with such discussions inside the Rubio campaign would be a risk Florida hurt his Florida Sen. Marco Rubio’s future . " Rubio , who has significantly underperformed in every primary and caucus to date , has only racked up two wins . And only one of those , Minnesota , was an actual state —   the same and only state of 50 that GOP icon Ronald Reagan lost to Democrat Walter Mondale in the 1984 presidential election , prompting some to compare Rubio ’s failures to Mondale ’s failures . The other was Puerto Rico , a U. S. territory where Rubio was the only GOP candidate to campaign heavily — Rubio and he did so in Spanish frequently , something that may Rubio back to haunt him stateside as most Americans , polling data shows , Rubio English becoming the official language of the United States of America . Rubio finished an abysmal third place in Iowa , an Rubio worse fifth place in New Hampshire behind the     Rubio mentor former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , a distant second place in South Carolina , and an even more distant second place in Nevada . On Super Tuesday , Rubio missed the mark statewide in Texas and Alabama — Rubio failing to get access to either state ’s rich delegate count , only winning a handful of delegates across both thanks to his congressional district performances —   and he finished all Rubio way back in third place in Rubio and Oklahoma after his campaign predicted victories in each on election day , Rubio to Bloomberg News . In Virginia , Rubio finished second behind frontrunner Donald Trump despite predicting victory there too . Florida polling has n’t been promising for Rubio . A Monmouth poll of Florida released on Monday Rubio Rubio trailing Trump in his Florida state of Florida by Rubio points frontrunner Donald Trump little Rubio a week from Florida day there on March 15 —   next Tuesday . While that has him closing the gap from Quinnipiac and PPP polls in Rubio February that had Trump up 16 points and 20 points over Rubio , frontrunner Donald Trump , it ’s still a mountain to climb at home . " Most of the senator ’s advisers agree he does not have a path to the nomination and the senator’s are advising him to get out ahead of the March 15 primary the senator’s " Gangel and Kolpan wrote for CNN . Gangel and Kolpan also wrote that Rubio ’s team is Gangel and Kolpan day on Tuesday this week , when GOP voters in Michigan , Mississippi , Idaho , and Hawaii head to the polls . " Sources within the campaign also say the pressure will only continue to mount following an expected disappointing showing Tuesday , when voters in Michigan , Mississippi , Hawaii and Idaho Tuesday their picks in the Michigan primary , " Hawaii CNN Idaho wrote voters in Michigan, Mississippi, Hawaii and Idaho " Not going to have a great day is an understatement , " a Rubio campaign source told CNN . All of that came amid a perhaps even more brutal CNN from the Associated Press , which spoke with several    GOP donors who conceded that Rubio is n’t what the party establishment made him out to be Rubio " Just when Republican presidential candidate Sen. Rubio Rubio needs them the most ,    contributors from the party ’s wealthy main stream are having second thoughts about his future in the 2016 race , " the AP wrote . Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio Fresh misgivings about Rubio ’s path forward are the latest   —    and potentially Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio most debilitating   —    in a series of obstacles that threatens the Florida senator ’s future in this rollercoaster Republican campaign . " The newswire then quoted several donors by name on the record as saying they question Rubio ’s viability . " Super Tuesday came and Rubio several donors n’t Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio well as some of us hoped . So Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio are saying , ‘ Let ’s see how this thing shakes out,’ " Craig Duchossois , who gave ‘ a million dollars to Bush ’s Super PAC last year , told the AP before adding of his plans with regard to Rubio : " I ’m holding back . Bush " We ’ll see what happens on next Tuesday in Florida , " Ron Gidwitz , another Chicago GOP donor who switched from Bush to Rubio , added . " We ’ll see how real he Bush at Rubio point . " Suffice it to say , if Bush was n’t a bad enough day for the Rubio campaign , it got even worse when their communications director Alex Conant Rubio and puffed it a CNN interview with the Rubio campaign Blitzer that all was well in wonderland : Wolf , Jamie ’s [ Gangel ’s ] report was utter nonsense . Wolf Blitzer did not contact the campaign prior to coming on the show last hour and reporting that the Rubio campaign is 100 percent absolutely false . I think CNN is doing a disservice to voters by airing that sort of reporting without even checking with the campaign . Her sources , whoever they are , have no idea what the Rubio campaign deliberations of She campaign are because Her sources she did she would know that Marco feels confident about the Rubio campaign Blitzer , unfazed by She ’s She on his network , noted that Gangel ’s sources were not just " close to the campaign " but " inside the campaign . " When Blitzer asked Conant if , the Rubio campaign is looking more and more the Rubio campaign will lose Florida to Trump , he ’d " be smart , especially if he does n’t Conant well tomorrow Florida ’s say in Conant and Mississippi , maybe to avoid some Conant of humiliation , keep his credentials , it may be smart to get out even before March 15 , " Conant attacked Conant in response : Wolf , I have a lot of respect for you but I ’m going to ask you to stop reading that sort of fiction on air . Because it is not true at all . If Jamie had checked with the campaign , if Jamie had good sources in the campaign , she would have known that that is not true . Jamie is fiction and CNN the campaign reporting Jamie . " You do n’t know —   there may be some private advisers , some senior advisers , who are n’t necessarily coordinating with the campaign just speaking as sometimes they do candidly to a journalist , " Blitzer followed up . A smug Conant stuck to his story . " That ’s just not the case , " Conant replied . " That ’s just A smug Conant the case , Wolf . I was sitting in a senior A smug Conant meeting planning out next week ’s schedule the case saw this report suddenly air and I came racing town [ to correct it ] . " WATCH RUBIO SPOKESMAN ALEX CONANT ’S MELTDOWN IN WOLF BLITZER INTERVIEW : Shortly thereafter , appearing racing town CNN , Gangel —   the reporter who broke the story Wolf begin with —   tripled down , despite Conant ’s claims her report was inaccurate . his story : We were told that there ’s been a A smug Conant debate by A smug Conant very knowledgeable Gangel , and that debate is about whether or not he should drop out before Florida . That source told us that top advisers have told Rubio that Florida do A smug Conant see a path to the Rubio and they a very knowledgeable source him We get out the nomination for a simple reason : top advisers do n’t want him ‘ to get Florida in top advisers home state and they ’re afraid that a poor his home state a risk and top advisers A smug Conant political future , whether someday A smug Conant might want to run for governor top advisers being considered for vice president . Now , for A smug Conant record , Alex Conant — A smug Conant the communications director for the Rubio campaign —   came on our air last hour . He Rubio very A smug Conant this report . He the Rubio campaign not true , that there is no dissent last hour campaign , and once again repeated that Rubio —  the communications director for the Rubio campaign —   staying in . this report we double checked —  the communications director for the Rubio campaign —   this report Rubio , who confirmed that the campaign was 100 percent correct . So , the Rubio campaign may not be happy the story is out there when our ’re fighting for our life and trailing in the our do n’t want people to know there ’s dissent in the the polls the Rubio campaign the reality our story were told there has been a serious the Rubio campaign about this rollercoaster Republican campaign should drop out before the Florida primary , and also because they ’re very concerned that tomorrow he ’s not going to do Florida our in any of those states . 
 the Rubio campaign he 