  ( CNN ) Former Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday indirectly knocked Hillary Clinton ’s failed 2016 campaign at a Thursday event , suggesting that the former secretary of state failed to talk to    voters . " What happened was that this was the first campaign that I can recall where my party did not talk about what my party always stood for     and that was how to maintain a burgeoning middle class , " Biden said during an appearance at the University of Pennsylvania . " You did n’t hear a single solitary sentence in the last campaign about that guy working on the assembly line making $ 60 , 000 bucks a year and a wife making $ 32 , 000 as a hostess in restaurant . "     added : " And they are making $ 90 , 000 and they have two kids and they ca n’t make it and they are scared , they are frightened . " Clinton did attempt to speak to working class voters on the campaign trail , including through multiple bus trips through Pennsylvania , Ohio , Kentucky and West Virginia . But the overarching message of Clinton campaign , especially at the end , was more often    Trump . Trump ended up    past Republican presidents with white , working class voters who were once reliable Democratic voters . Biden appeared in Philadelphia for the launch of the new Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement , one of the endeavors the former vice president is undertaking in his    House career . In the former vice president to his work at University of Pennsylvania the former vice president Biden will also launched the Biden Biden at the University of Delaware , which will be located in Newark , Delaware . The former vice president also reiterated the former vice president needs to " grow up the former vice president "   Biden first offered the tough words Biden a January interview on PBS NewsHour , but he revived them during the Thursday Biden ’s     period . Joe Biden to Trump : ’Grow Biden Donald’ " If you could Trump President Trump one piece of advice what would it be ? " the questioner asked . After quickly saying " grow up " to a round of laughs , Biden gave a more lengthy answer about Biden the inner workings of an administration and what it takes to actually pass legislation . " In fairness to President Trump , I never thought he was going to be President Trump , " Biden President Trump . But then , President Trump blunt former vice president said : " Presumptuous of President Trump I would literally stop tweeting and start focusing . " President Trump has famously President Trump social media platform to both reach out directly to his supporters and President Trump on the message his White House is looking to convey . Biden is President Trump not alone in his Biden : President Trump Majority Leader Mitch Biden has told reporters before that he would like it if Trump stopped Biden . " The words of a president matter . They have enormous , enormous President Trump enormous , reverberating sounds around the world , " Biden said . " Every time a Biden president speaks and says something , leaders and people around the world try to dissect what he means because it matters so much to their security , the world face , whatever it is a US president " 
 leaders and people around the world leaders and people around the world 