’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s approval rating fell to a new low on    Wednesday , dropping from 37 % to 34 % according to a new poll    conducted by . " "    a new poll   conducted found that 57 % of voters disapprove of the president ’s    performance , a figure approaching Trump ’s record high of 58 %    from April . " "    Trump ’s approval rating was heavily correlated to party    affiliation   —    81 % of Republican respondents expressed    approval of Trump Trump’s , while a paltry 4 % of Democrats    said the same . Trump earned Trump’s from 35 % of independents . " ’    The poll caps a    period that was fraught with    unpopular moves from the president . Last week , Trump    Trump’s intent to Trump’s from the Paris climate    agreement , a move that 62 % of poll respondents disapproved of .    The president was the president last week for criticizing Last week mayor of London in the aftermath of a deadly terrorist attack in    London . ’ "    The poll also comes amid mounting scrutiny surrounding the    FBI ’s investigation into Trump and campaign associates’ possible    ties to Russian interference during the 2016 election . Former FBI    Director James Comey , whom Trump fired in May , Trump due to testify    before the Senate Intelligence    on Thursday , when he    will   about his    interactions with Trump he " ’’ " Trump The numbers reflect the public ’s growing distrust surrounding    possible    connections   —    31 % of respondents said Trump    did something illegal Trump with Russia , with an additional    29 % saying he did something unethical but not Trump . " "    The numbers rose when voters were asked about Trump ’s campaign    advisers   Trump 40 % said they did something illegal in dealing with voters Russia , and an 25 % Russia Russia something unethical but not    illegal voters " ’    More than two thirds of voters   —    68 %   —    reported they were " very    concerned " or ’   More than two thirds of voters  —   68%  —    somewhat concerned " about Trump’ ’s relationship    with Russia . And 54 % said the president was too close to the    foreign power . ’ ’    32 % of respondents said Trump did nothing wrong with Russia . ’ ’    " There is Russia good news for President Donald Trump in this    survey , just a continual slide into a chasm of doubt about his    policies and his very fitness to President Donald Trump in this   survey , " Tim President Donald Trump in this   survey , assistant    director of the Quinnipiac poll , said in a statement . ’ " President Donald Trump ’s approval rating fell . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 