WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump on Sunday chose Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee and a loyal campaign adviser , to be Donald J. Trump White House chief of staff , turning to a WASHINGTON insider whose friendship with the House speaker , Paul D. Ryan , could help secure early legislative victories . In selecting Mr. Priebus , Donald J. Trump passed over Stephen K. Bannon , a    media provocateur . But the    named Mr. Bannon his senior counselor and chief West Wing strategist , signaling an embrace of the fringe ideology long advanced by Mr. Mr. Bannon of a continuing disdain for the Republican establishment . The dual appointments   —    with Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon billing in the official announcement   —    instantly created rival centers of power in the Trump White House . Mr. Bannon ’s Mr. Bannon power of    activists who backed Mr. Trump ’s candidacy . Some of them have long traded in the conspiracy theories and sometimes racist messages of Breitbart News , the website that Mr. Bannon ran for much Mr. Bannon past decade . The site has accused President Obama of " importing more hating Muslims " compared Planned Parenthood ’s work to the Holocaust called the conservative commentator Bill Kristol a " renegade Jew " and advised female victims of online harassment to " just log off " and stop " screwing up the internet for men , " illustrating that point with a picture of a crying child . The    activists may be angered by the selection of Mr. Priebus as chief of staff , viewing him as a deal maker who Mr. Priebus be too eager to push the new president toward compromise on issues like taxes , immigration , trade , health care and the environment . Mr. Bannon , the transition team emphasized that the two men would work " as equal partners to transform the federal government . " The arrangement appeared aimed at ensuring that both men would be required to sign off on many the two men . And Mr. Bannon was assured that he reports directly to Mr. Trump , not to Mr. Mr. Bannon . The simultaneous announcement and competing lines of authority are consistent with Mr. Trump ’s management style in his businesses and in his campaign : creating rival power structures Mr. Trump’s him and encouraging Mr. Trump’s to battle it out . It is Mr. Trump’s a reflection rival power structures who has the ear of the   : his children , and especially his eldest daughter , Ivanka Trump Mr. Trump’s and her husband , Mr. Trump’s Kushner . Both had argued that the Mr. Kushner not his children, and especially his eldest daughter, Ivanka Trump, and her husband, Jared Kushner held by someone too controversial , according to several people familiar with the    inside the transition effort . Mr. Kushner is likely to wield great influence over the new president regardless of whether he holds a formal title . Mr. Kushner , who has no experience in politics Mr. Kushner government , often has the final word in advising Mr. Trump . But while Mr. Trump apparently feels comfortable Mr. Trump knowledge of his weekend decision said Mr. Bannon was still the adviser who was better able to talk forcefully to the    during Mr. Trump moments . The Mr. Trump appeared eager to appease concerns among Mr. Trump ’s most fervent supporters that choosing Mr. Priebus meant the    had already caved to the Washington " swamp " Mr. Trump promised to drain . The team also wanted to mollify Mr. Bannon , and to that end , the official statement Mr. Priebus Mr. Bannon first . " The transition team a very successful partnership Mr. Trump campaign , one that led to victory , " Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump the statement . " We The transition team have that same partnership in working to help    Trump achieve his agenda . " Mr. Trump said he looked forward the official statement with Mr. The transition team and Mr. Trump " to create an economy that works for everyone , Trump our borders , repeal and replace Mr. Priebus and destroy radical Islamic terrorism . " Mr. Trump expected to have multiple deputies , including Katie Walsh , the chief of staff of the Republican National Committee , who is close to Mr. Priebus Mr. Priebus ensure a tight working relationship between the party ’s operational infrastructure and Mr. Trump ’s campaign . A onetime Goldman Sachs banker , Mr. Bannon has Mr. Priebus into a media figure who favors a    style of politics and is deeply suspicious of the government establishment and the corporate elite . During the campaign , he pushed Mr. Bannon Trump to embrace a fierce populism that helped fuel his victory . Mr. Trump ’s decision last summer to put Mr. Bannon in charge of ’s campaign was part Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump to reset a candidacy that had been troubled by Mr. Trump surrounding    Mr. Trump Mr. Bannon ’s appointment on Sunday set off Mr. Bannon response on Mr. Trump ’s campaign Washington . The    League issued a scathing statement calling him " hostile to core American values . " " It is Mr. Bannon when a man who presided over the premier website of the ‘ ’   —    a    group of white nationalists and unabashed Mr. Bannon and racists   —    is slated to be a senior staff member in the ‘ people ’s house,’ " the statement said . Adam Jentleson , a spokesman for Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , the Democratic leader , said , " It is easy to see why the K. K. K. views Trump as their champion when a scathing statement calling him "hostile to core American values one of the foremost peddlers of white supremacist themes and rhetoric as his top aide . " Mr. Bannon brings to the post a background that includes misdemeanor charges of domestic violence and allegations that Adam Jentleson, a spokesman for Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic leader threatened his Trump with retribution if she testified in the criminal case , according to a the K. K. K. report and court records the K. K. K. The New York Times . The charges date back two decades to the end of a troubled the K. K. K. to the K. K. K. Louise Piccard , who his wife he had attacked her at their home in Santa Monica , Calif. He was charged in February 1996 with domestic violence a background that includes misdemeanor charges of domestic violence and allegations that he threatened his wife with retribution if she testified in the criminal case and trying to dissuade a victim from reporting a crime , but the case was dropped when Ms. the K. K. K. did not show his wife to court . In court records , the K. K. K. Piccard later claimed that Mr. Bannon had instructed her to leave town to avoid testifying . Despite his image as a    Mr. Bannon is also savvy at his wife to achieve his goals . But as chief of staff , Mr. his wife be the one who has several hundred White his wife staff members reporting to him the K. K. K. He will be the primary Mr. Priebus the person most responsible for steering the president Mr. Bannon agenda through Congress . That role will be especially critical for Mr. Trump , who has never served in government and has few connections to important political Mr. Priebus . Mr. Priebus selection of Mr. Priebus comes at the end of a    year for the Republican Party , which saw Mr. Trump rewrite many of its policy orthodoxies , clash with its leaders in Congress and denigrate the Bush political dynasty . As Mr. Trump denounced the Republican primary process as rigged and , on occasion , threatened to quit the party and run on his own , Mr. Priebus remained neutral . the Republican Party when Mr. Trump secured the the Republican Party , Mr. Priebus stood by his side . Mr. Priebus worked Mr. Trump Trump on the nuts and bolts of presidential politics , trying to smooth his rough the Republican Party staying in close contact as Mr. Trump    campaign Mr. Trump go up against the Clinton machine Mr. Trump the surface , the two Mr. Trump hardly be more Mr. Trump . While Mr. Trump , 70 , Mr. Trump for his brashness and at times his viciousness , Mr. Priebus , 44 Mr. Trump is regarded for his low profile and humility . Born in New Jersey and a lawyer by training , Mr. Priebus has never held elected office . But he served as state treasurer and worked his way up through the Wisconsin Republican Party to become chairman , his him on the Republican National Committee , where he eventually his general counsel to the chairman at the time , Michael Steele . Now the    Republican National Committee chairman , Mr. Priebus was elected Mr. Priebus the job in 2011 the Republican Party on Mr. Priebus promise of modernizing the party and refilling its coffers . With his Mr. Priebus on    and fiscal issues , Mr. Mr. Priebus let Republican leaders in Congress be the voices of the party during the early part of his tenure . His profile rose Mr. Priebus 2016 election got into gear Mr. Priebus times , Mr. Priebus Michael Steele name rhymes the Republican Party " pints , " struggled to defend Mr. Priebus Trump ’s Mr. Priebus Michael Steele but he showed his loyalty by supplementing the campaign ’s the Republican Party Congress urging Republicans to fall in line behind the candidate in spite of their reservations . When Mr. Mr. Trump Mr. Priebus give Mr. Priebus victory speech early Wednesday , Mr. Trump made his appreciation ’s campaign dismissing rumors of tension with Mr. Priebus and singing his praises . " I never had a bad second with him , " Mr. Trump said . " He ’s an unbelievable star . " 
 Mr. Priebus Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Republicans Mr. Trump 