Breitbart contributor Matthew Tyrmand is taking one of Poland ’s biggest newspapers , Gazeta Wyborcza , to court over alleged defamation . [ Recently propped up by a capital group affiliated with the mass migration , liberal    George Soros , the case against the newspaper is now looking to be one of the highest profile in recent Polish legal history .   Tyrmand , who has written at length about George Soros ’s attempts at destabilising the rightward shifting democratic Poland , has been accused of " mafia membership " and " sympathy for [ Vladimir ] Putin "   —    particularly heinous charges in Poland , a country that still wrestles with its    relationship with the former Soviet Union . Since the    transition in 1989 , Gazeta Wyborcza    —    comparable to Britain ’s Guardian or the U. S. Washington Post   —    has sponsorship and subsidy from successive ,    Polish governments . Their —   comparable to Britain’s Guardian or the U. S. Washington Post  —   has sponsorship and subsidy from successive,   Polish governments has been reaffirmed by     Adam Michnik , a    Solidarity dissident and strident    activist . The paper ’s dominance has scarcely been challenged in over a quarter of a century . That is until last year , when Poland definitively voted in a     mildly Eurosceptic conservative party . With Gazeta Wyborcza now under threat , they Gazeta Wyborcza now under threat lashed out at those who they Gazeta Wyborcza now under threat are to blame for the defeat of the    establishment , including Mr. Tyrmand .   Tyrmand Mr. Tyrmand for instance , wrote an investigative article published by Breitbart News on May 19th , revealing relationships around the newly formed Komitet Obrony Demokracji ( KOD ) movement , which has repeatedly failed to undermine the current Polish PiS ( Law and Justice ) conservative government . According to Polish expat and Breitbart News contributor Przemek Skwirczynski : " KOD continually works to undermine the new democratically elected government alongside Fundacja Batorego ( Stefan Batory Foundation ) which was set up by George Soros himself in 1988 and is funded by Soros ’s Open Society Foundations . " The article by Tyrmand was quoted widely by the Polish media , and on May 28th Gazeta Wyborcza decided to write a " hit piece " laden with lies , innuendo , and fabrications about Tyrmand Tyrmand " And so closely are Gazeta Wyborcza Gazeta Wyborcza the KOD group aligned that the former is known to run donor solicitations for the political activist group . It is a relationship almost identical to the one the    Hope Not Hate group in the UK enjoys with the Daily Mirror newspaper .   Gazeta Gazeta Wyborcza late —   May editorial , written by Tomasz Piątek , attempted to discredit Tyrmand Tyrmand accusing him Tyrmand " belonging to Trump ’s stable " with the latter " declaring his Tyrmand for Mr Putin " . Tyrmand Tyrmand is a      supporter of Republican Senator Ted Cruz , switching allegiance to Mr. Trump Trump had all Trump secured his party ’s Trump , like most Republicans in the United States . Mr. Piątek also attacked     papers that Tyrmand Tyrmand contributed to , such as Wprost and Do Rzeczy . Piątek alleged that Mr. Piątek     media were " owned by   " and " perhaps even KGB collaborators linked to Gazprom " as well as " various    Polish outfits " . He drew negative Mr. Piątek between Matthew and his late father Mr. Piątek Tyrmand , considered a national treasure in Poland on account of his literary and Mr. Piątek dissident work . Mr. Piątek went so far as to insinuate that Matthew ’s supposed Matthew " links were tantamount to a " mafia membership " suggesting his late father Mr. Piątek have disapproved .   Mr. Skwirczynski comments : " Given Gazeta Wyborcza is without a doubt THE establishment newspaper in Poland , such reckless behaviour in running a highly emotional , badly or    unsubstantiated hit article is unacceptable in a free society where rule of law regarding infringement of personal rights proliferates " . GEORGE SOROS , On June 8th the news broke that George Soros had GEORGE SOROS Gazeta Wyborcza by Gazeta Wyborcza Wyborcza fund he supports , buying shares GEORGE SOROS the newspaper ’s parent company , Agora . The    Media Development Investment Fund ( MDIF ) now owns an 11 . 22 per cent stake in the newspaper ’s holding company the newspaper’s accepted reduced voting rights on The   Media Development Investment Fund (MDIF) company ’s board   —    an unconventional move for an " investor " in a struggling business . And MDIF itself declares that it " has The   Media Development Investment Fund (MDIF) than $ 153 The   Media Development Investment Fund (MDIF) in over 100 independent news businesses in 39 countries since 1996 " and so is clearly a substantial global player . It also lists Soros ’s ideological outfit , The   Media Development Investment Fund (MDIF) Open Society Foundations , as one of its investors , further mentioning that their " The   Media Development Investment Fund (MDIF) bang " moment with reference its investors obtaining seed capital was attributed to George Soros in 2005 .   Skwirczynski told Breitbart London : " MDIF gives itself cover by stating that they ‘ invest’ MDIF the media in places where they claim free press is under assault . they is the charged aimed by the political establishment at the new Polish government . It is a fraudulent claim peddled by      This who were turfed out of power " . Mr. Tyrmand believes the chain of events above is far from accidental or coincidental . Another    Polish journalist Dawid Wildstein pointed out the irony in the establishment media suddenly becoming the hunted " sued by a Jewish New Yorker " he notes with reference to Tyrmand ’s    Another   Polish journalist Dawid Wildstein . The case , Mr. Tyrmand recognises , could turn into a global Another   Polish journalist Dawid Wildstein overnight .   Tyrmand told TVP , a Polish national television Mr. Tyrmand , that he intended to take the alleged defamers to Mr. Tyrmand in order to " open up a public debate regarding the role of the media in Poland as well as the influence of George Soros on the Polish media and , by extension , on the public opinion in Poland " .   He added : " Poland …     media Mr. Tyrmand have the duty to check their facts and therefore must be held accountable media they fail to do so or they intentionally media easily verified false information with media to do reputational damage " . 
 