’Rupert Murdoch urged Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump to relax a little bit on Thursday.’ ’"Trump blames me for WSJ poll , fights Fox News . Time to calm down . If I [ am ] running    conspiracy then [ I’’m ] doing lousy job ! " ’Rupert Murdoch " Murdoch , CEO of News Corp. was responding to Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump attacks against Fox News Fox News Wall Street Journal , two of his media properties Murdoch, CEO of News Corp. " ’The Journal and The Wall Street Journal   Fox News Trump narrowly Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Ted Cruz , a top GOP primary rival , for the first time . The poll differed significantly from several other national surveys that gave Trump a Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’At a Thursday campaign rally in Kiawah Island , South Carolina , Trump lit into Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Journal.’ ’"They have like an outlier poll . .. and today it’ ’s on the front page of The Wall Street Journal . What a lot of crap ! OK ? Isn’’t it ? It’ ’s disgusting , " Trump today it’ ’"In my opinion , it’ ’s a phony poll , today it’ he added.’ " One of Trump today it’ top campaign advisers strongly suggested on Thursday that Murdoch had something to do with The Journal ’s poll : " The Wall Street Journal RECENT NATIONAL POLLSWhich one is affiliated with a newspaper owned by Rupert Murdoch ?   🚀   ’ " Additionally , Trump has raged for months at Fox News Trump another News Corp. property , over its allegedly unfair coverage of his campaign . Trump   the network ’s Trump debate last Trump " " Trump ’s complaints about Fox News again exploded out Trump the open this Fox News Fox interviewed Lindsey Graham , a Republican senator and frequent Trump critic : " ’’ " ’t’t’tI will beat Trump easily , but Lindsey Graham says I wo n’t , and yet he got zero against    no cred ! Why does Lindsey Graham put him on ? ’t’t " ’’ ’ ’t’t’t Fox is Lindsey Graham biased it is disgusting . They do not want Trump to win . All negative ! ’t’t’ ’Trump Trump criticized The Journal and Fox News in the same tweet:’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’t . is changing their theme from " fair and balanced " to " unfair and unbalanced . " But dying   is worse . Their phony poll is a joke ! ’t’t’ ’Rupert Murdoch They Republican presidential . .. ’ 
 