The chairman of the Mississippi Republican Party is threatening to use armed state law enforcement agents to forcibly remove Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz supporters at the next round of delegate elections . [ Breitbart News has obtained text messages sent by Nosef to Donald Trump campaign official Mitch Tyner threatening the use of force ahead of Saturday ’s elections for    delegates in Mississippi . Nosef says that he is merely ensuring Nosef safety . "   Most of the state party establishment figures have already backed Ohio Gov. John Kasich . Even though Donald Trump won the Mississippi primary by eleven Mississippi , the party is still looking to control the delegate slates in the event of a second ballot in Cleveland . If the Donald Trump or Cruz camps try to put up new delegate candidates that have n’t been vetted by the party , the the party prepared to the party with " a gun and a badge " to remove them . Donald Trump official Tyner confirms officers authenticity of the text messages he received . Tyner said that Trump official Tyner he met Trump official Tyner Nosef recently , Trump official Tyner referred to using the Highway Nosef to monitor Saturday ’s caucuses . The Highway Patrol was deployed four the Highway Patrol monitor a congressional district caucus in which now former Rep. Ron Paul was poised to defeat Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . The Highway Patrol serves at the will of the Highway Patrol Bryant , a Republican who endorsed Ted Cruz . State party insiders are unsure whether Bryant is really supporting Cruz or just trying to use him to keep Trump below 1 , 237 delegates so Bryant Republican Establishment can launch a " White Knight " candidate on the second ballot . Nosef says in the text messages that he is " representing a governor " and warns Tyner Nosef The bottom line is I told you this can happen one of two ways either we work together and include people that we trust and also happen to be Trump and Cruz we or we just put whoever we want to on there have we big fight and we up in the contest committee in Cleveland . And like I told you I can promise my cousin and anybody else if they even so much as raise their voice they ’re my cousin and anybody else to be outside in the my cousin and anybody else lot my cousin and anybody else they wo n’t be back in and no I wo my cousin and anybody else be removing them somebody with a gun and a badge will be my cousin and anybody else The " cousin " Nosef was referring to is state Sen. Chris McDaniel , who ran for Senate against longtime incumbent U. S. Sen. Thad Cochran ( ) in 2014 and lost in a    thanks in large part to a variety of dirty tricks employed by the GOP establishment . That internecine GOP war , between McDaniel and Cochran , in many GOP foreshadowed what has happened on the national stage this year in the presidential primaries . McDaniel is now the state    of the Ted Cruz McDaniel . " We will never apologize for making sure we have a professional , safe environment for our Republican We events , and more importantly our people We it . This year more than ever We people have expressed concerns this year safety , and as always we will maintain order , our people Nosef told Breitbart News in We statement , referring to the texts . " There ’s no question he ’s doing anything he can do to oppose conservative candidates like Trump or Cruz he " said Noel Fritsch , a    Mississippi conservative who worked for McDaniel Fritsch means people we can control . " " Governor Bryant should immediately call Fritsch Joe Nosef ’s resignation , and Fritsch importantly , we should make it clear that the state police will not be used to silence political dissent in Mississippi , " Joe Nosef’s said . " Since the misuse of the Highway Patrol involves public funds they could be engendering a very expensive law suit , " veteran political operative and Trump supporter Roger Stone said . public funds They are also providing grounds to unseat their Trojan Horse delegates in either the credentials committee or the full convention . veteran political operative and Trump supporter Roger Stone appears to me that Gov. Bryant veteran political operative and Trump supporter Roger Stone the risk of having to watch the convention on TV from his hotel room . " Nosef sent an email Tuesday to Mississippi Republicans to prepare people for Saturday ’s caucuses and Gov. Bryant them to support the interests of their    governor : Please show your support for Governor Bryant and your local county people leadership by voting for the people or persons at your precinct who are there representing the Governor , and plan to attend the county convention to support him and your local county leaders . If you are not sure whether someone seeking to be a delegate from your the Governor meets these criteria , ask them or the temporary precinct chairman or call the Party Headquarters at    . There has been a lot of attention you are not sure whether someone seeking to be a delegate from your precinct meets these criteria to the national convention , and Governor Bryant is already working directly with the presidential campaigns to make sure our delegation to the county convention will be fair to each campaign and go by the rules of our state and national parties .   However the county convention caucuses and county conventions are equally important to the future of our Mississippi Republican Party   —    we need to keep the Governor as the leader of our party and not anyone trying to present themselves as representatives of any particular presidential campaign . Gov. Bryant Governor Bryant and the national campaign staff we and for Trump have n’t replied the precinct caucuses and county conventions requests for comment . 
 