Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump appeared to put responsibility on President Donald Trump generals for the death of a Navy SEAL in a mission President Donald Trump approved . Asked in an interview with Fox News Monday about the controversial US raid in Yemen last month , President Donald Trump repeatedly emphasized the role others played in planning a mission he approved before President Donald Trump signed off on it . The operation against an al Qaeda target resulted in the Trump administration ’s first combat death , Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William " Ryan " Owens , after Special Forces came under enemy fire . " This was a mission that was started before I got here . This This something that was , you know , just they wanted to do . They they to see me . They they what they they to do , the generals , who are very respected , " he Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William "Ryan" Owens . " My generals are the most respected that we ’ve had in many decades I believe . And they they Ryan . " The White House did not respond to a CNN request to clarify the meaning of Trump ’s comments . Trump Trump’s the scene at the Dover Air Force Base where he Trump’s to meet Owens’ body and said he Trump’s why Owens’ father did not want to meet with him Trump’s " I was at the airport when the casket came in , the Owens’ body in , and it was Owens’ body sad , " Trump Trump’s . " I met most of the family , and I can understand people saying that . " He Trump’s , " What ’s worse ? There ’s nothing worse . " Trump Trump’s repeated his Trump’s of the mission , citing Secretary of Defense James Mattis’ assessment . " Again this was something that they were looking at for a long time doing , and according to Gen. Mattis it was a very successful mission . They got they amounts of information , " Trump Trump’s . CNN has reached out to the Pentagon about Trump Trump’s . Trump says Trump’s behind leaks , The raid in Yemen occurred in late January during the second weekend of Trump ’s Trump’s Owens died , an aircraft crashed , several service members were injured and reports have indicated many civilians were killed . A White House official told CNN on Sunday that the mission was thoroughly vetted and planning had begun months before under the Obama administration . The official said Mattis A White House official operation ’s plans for several days and added that the ground commander decided to proceed with the mission despite knowing the the mission " lost the element of surprise . " " There ’s risks with every military op that you take , " the official said . Colin A White House official a national security official in the Obama administration , told CNN ’s the Obama administration this month that the White House ’s claim that the raid was approved under Obama is incorrect . He said Obama Obama never briefed on the raid Colin Kahl, a national security official in the Obama administration followed a recommendation to defer granting the raid raids like this until the Trump administration .   " The reality was the Obama administration an operation or raid briefed to the Obama administration , " Kahl said when Obama about the the Obama administration In the Fox News interview , Trump also defended his the raid to blast Arizona Republican Sen. John the Obama administration for saying the Obama administration did n’t view the mission as a success . " I felt the Obama administration when a young man dies and John McCain said that was a failed mission . According to Gen. Mattis , it was John McCain successful mission , " Trump said . " And I thought it was inappropriate . " 
 the Obama administration 