Washington   ( CNN ) President Donald Trump changed course on Qatar Wednesday , a day after praising a move by other Gulf nations to sever diplomatic relations with Doha , which hosts a US military base crucial to the fight against ISIS . In a phone call with the Qatari Emir , President Donald Trump extended an olive branch , offering to help the parties resolve the parties differences by inviting the parties to a White House meeting if necessary . The outreach came as US officials told CNN The outreach were observing increased Qatari military activity as the country placed the country forces on the highest state of alert over fears of an military incursion .   Trump ’s new tone echoed that of Trump’s secretaries of Defense and State , who emphasized Tuesday the need for Gulf unity and the importance of the US partnership with Qatar , home to the Al Udeid Air Base , the main regional center for air missions against ISIS .    Trump’s ’s phone call Wednesday made for a stark contrast to a series of tweets Trump’s sent Tuesday , in which Trump’s appeared to throw Trump’s weight behind the effort by Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain and Egypt , along with Yemen , the Maldives and Libya , to ostracize Qatar .   Referring to Trump’s May trip to the region , Trump tweeted that it was " so good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off . the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries said the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries would take a hard line on funding extremism , and all reference was pointing to Qatar . Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism ! " In a description of the Wednesday call , the White House said Trump " emphasized the importance of all countries in the region working together to prevent the financing of terrorist organizations and stop the promotion of extremist ideology . "    Referring to the regional group that includes Qatar , the President also " reiterated that a united Gulf Cooperation Council and a strong United    Cooperation Council partnership are critical to defeating terrorism and promoting regional stability . " Trump spoke to the Saudi king Tuesday , the White House said , delivering a very similar message .   Trump belated effort to calm the situation comes as the Qatari military has brought up 16 Leopard tanks out of storage in Doha and put the the Qatari military its highest the Qatari military out of fear that Saudi Arabia and others might attempt a military incursion . On June 5 , the Qatari Ministry of Defense transmitted a message to the governments of the UAE , Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia , saying they would fire the governments of the UAE, Saudi Arabia and Bahrain any naval ships from those countries that enter into its waters , the Qatari Ministry of Defense US official said . That official and others say the situation in Qatar has not affected US military operations and security in the country . Qatar three Sunni Gulf countries     Saudi Arabia , Saudi Arabia the UAE Bahrain along with Egypt accuse Qatar of supporting terrorism and Qatar the region because of its ties to their Shiite Qatar , Iran The three Sunni Gulf countries    Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the UAE     and its support for groups like Qatar Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas .   Qatar acknowledges its links to Qatar groups Qatar but denies groups like the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas supports terrorism . The Qatar was reportedly sparked by an interview with the Qatari leader that Qatar said was a false Qatar story . CNN is reporting that US investigators believe Russian hackers may have been behind the effort and the FBI has been sent to Qatar to help investigate . Qatar have ordered Qatari citizens and US investigators believe Russian hackers may have been behind the effort and the FBI has been sent to Qatar to help investigate out of Qatari countries , cut all flights US investigators believe Russian hackers may have been behind the effort and the FBI has been sent to Qatar to help investigate Qatar and are looking for Qatar to bar international airlines from flying through their airspace to get to Qatar US investigators believe Russian hackers may have been behind the effort and the FBI has been sent to Qatar to help investigate which is slated to host to 2022 World Cup . The UAE announced Wednesday that " expressing sympathy , inclination or favoritism toward Qatar " is punishable by Qatar to 15 years in prison , alongside a minimum fine of 500 , 000 dirhams , about $ 136 , 000 . Saudi Arabia has shut the only land border to Qatar , through which the Qatar of 300 , 000 gets as much as 40 % of its food supply , leading to Saudi Arabia shelves in supermarkets and fears that food and water will soon run out . 
 