  ( CNN ) Four Senate Democrats announced Monday Four Senate Democrats plan to oppose Neil Gorsuch , bringing the Democratic caucus to the 41 votes needed to sustain a filibuster against the Supreme Court nominee .   The announcement sets Republicans up to change Senate rules     referred to as the " nuclear option "     to lowering the threshold of advancing Supreme Court nominees to just 51 votes from 60 .   The Senate Judiciary Committee voted    along party lines to move Gorsuch ’s nomination to the full Senate .   With Sens . Chris Coons of Delaware , Dianne Feinstein of California , Mark Warner of Virginia and Patrick Leahy of Vermont all saying Monday Sens. Chris Coons of Delaware, Dianne Feinstein of California, Mark Warner of Virginia and Patrick Leahy of Vermont could not support Gorsuch , Democrats reached the votes Democrats needed to prevent the advancement of Gorsuch nomination under current chamber rules .   Republicans , who hold a    majority , needed a total of 60 votes to end the filibuster . As of Monday afternoon , they Republicans, who hold a   majority 56 votes , including four Democrats who are voting with them Republicans, who hold a   majority   Two senators remain undecided . However , even if both Two senators to side with Republicans , it would n’t be enough to avoid the the filibuster   The majority party can still get around the filibuster the filibuster Senate rules and using the controversial " nuclear option " to lower the threshold needed to end debate . Democrats , in the face of strong Republican opposition , did the same in 2013 to confirm lower court nominees .   Now Republicans , citing 2013 as a precedent , feel that it ’s their only choice Republicans But it would permanently it the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees , essentially giving the party in power all the leverage and eliminating the Senate ’s tradition of needing at least some bipartisanship to advance such nominees .   Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , should he proceed to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell nuclear option , needs only a simple majority of 51 to vote for a change in the rules . It ’s possible McConnell will have Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell whole party Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 52 votes     behind him , but Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell all Republicans have explicitly said they will back not all Republicans in the Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell .    He can only Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to lose two Republican senators , in which case Vice President Mike Pence would be needed to break a tie . If McConnell loses more Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell three Republicans , the rule change would not pass .   Pressed by reporters on whether he will vote Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell the use of the nuclear option , Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley refused to explicitly say yes . But he insisted that Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley is   Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley going to do whatever it takes " he is   get Gorsuch on the Supreme Court .    Coons , who was the 41st senator to say he plans to Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley part in the filibuster , told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer immediately after his announcement that Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley understood the Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley of his decision , Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley also reiterated his pledge that Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley ’s open Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley negotiating with Republicans to find an agreement on avoiding the nuclear option on the next nominee . " I said , ’I will vote against closure unless the Republicans and Democrats in the Senate can somehow find an agreement that is trustworthy and reliable , where on the next Supreme Court nominee , they wo n’t the Republicans and Democrats in the Senate the rules and we will have input and a more confirmable , consensus nominee will be put in front of the Senate,’ " Coons said . " I ’m not saying that I ’m insisting ’m ’m the we majority to break the rules . the rules a choice they ’re going to have to make . " Warner , the Democrat from Virginia , expressed some semblance hope for a deal .   " I know there are some people still talking so I ’ll try to keep a little bit of optimism for a couple of more days , " he told Blitzer on " The Situation Room . "   Sen. Lindsay Graham tried to send some warning shots to Democrats , saying the filibuster will cause Republicans to change the rules in an " unnecessary " move that will " haunt " the Senate for decades .   " To my Democratic colleagues , yeah this is going to be very bad . Let me tell you what ’s going to happen . The judges are going to become ideological because you do n’t have to reach across the aisle to get one vote any longer , " he told reporters after the Sen. Lindsay Graham . " And every Senate seat is going to the Senate a referendum on the Supreme Court . A lot of us have a tradition of not playing colleagues     in races involving our colleagues . But now you ’re telling the country every Senate seat matters . If the Senate want to have a judge in the court , you ’d the Supreme Court a majority . So this is going to haunt the Senate , going to the Senate judiciary and it ’s so unnecessary . " The the judiciary House is " disappointed " that Democrats will have enough votes to sustain a filibuster against President Donald Trump ’s Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch , press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters following the filibuster news .   " If the Democrats get their way , and the numbers are the Democrats that way , this is going to be the first successful filibuster of a nominee to join the Supreme Court , which is clearly unprecedented , " Spicer said , adding , " With press secretary Sean Spicer vote on Judge Gorsuch on Friday , the American people see which senators are willing to keep this seat open to get in the way of President Trump making progress on one of his most significant choices so far . President Trump Knowing full well that the filibuster would likely lead to Republicans using the " nuclear option , " Leahy shared his struggle over his decision but ultimately Leahy he " Leahy not vote solely to Leahy an institution , " adding that he considers Americans’ rights at risk with Leahy ’s nomination . " I ’ve often said the Senate at its best can and should be the the Senate of the nation , but I must first and foremost vote my conscience , " Leahy said . " I will not and can not support advancing this nomination . " Judiciary committee vote Gorsuch’s nomination voting , senators engaged in an    testy debate over not only Gorsuch , but Republican action to block President Barack Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee , Merrick Garland , last year .   " This action by my colleagues was unacceptable and has scarred this process and this body , " Coons said in the hearing . " There has never been a partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee in history and while technically Supreme Court I question what a    refusal to hold a hearing or vote is     if not the longest partisan filibuster on this committee ever . " Republicans argued that Democrats would essentially oppose any Trump nominee .   " If ( Democrats ) are going to oppose Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States , they Supreme Court and never support a nominee of this (Democrats) . Because in the end , I think that ’s really what gets their goat the most , " said Sen. John Cornyn of (Democrats) . " We keep hearing about Merrick Garland , but I guarantee if Hillary Clinton had the presidency , we ’d never hear Merrick Garland ’s name again because she We have had the Merrick Garland her own nominee to the Hillary Clinton Court . " Spending from outside groups Hillary Clinton also been a hotly contested debate in Gorsuch ’s nomination . Democrats have criticized Gorsuch for not speaking out against    groups , with undisclosed donors , Gorsuch have spent millions in support of his nomination .   The debate continued during the hearing Monday .   Gorsuch This nomination is a hotly contested debate in Gorsuch’s nomination usual nomination . It comes in a different way his nomination has proceeded in a way of excessive his nomination of dark money that in the his nomination I have been on this committee I have never seen before , " said Feinstein , the top Democrat on the committee .   RELATED : Here ’s where Republicans stand on the nuclear option , Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley , however , pointed to liberal groups that supported Supreme Court nominees appointed by Obama , like Garland .   " Now , I ’ve never heard any Democrat complain about all that money that was spent last year , " Grassley said .   Undeclared senators , Neil Gorsuch ’s sales pitch : I ’m Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley own judge   Independent Sen. Angus King ( Maine )     While King is an independent , he ’s considered part of the Democratic caucus . He Independent Sen. Angus King (Maine)     been fairly quiet about Independent Sen. Angus King (Maine)     of late . His seat is also considered Independent Sen. Angus King (Maine)     in 2018 .     Democrats who will vote for Independent Sen. Angus King (Maine)     and against filibuster , Sen. Joe Manchin ( West Virginia ) Sen. Heidi Heitkamp Gorsuch North Dakota ) Sen. Joe Donnelly ( Indiana ) Democrats who will vote against filibuster , Sen. Michael Bennet ( Colorado )   Democrats who plan to filibuster , 1 . Senate Minority Leader the Senate Schumer ( New York ) 2 . Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders ( Vermont ) 3 . Sen. Bob Casey ( Pennsylvania ) Independent . Sen. Ron Wyden ( Oregon ) 5 . Sen. Patty Murray ( Washington ) 6 . Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( Massachusetts ) 7 . Sen. Jeff Merkley ( Oregon ) 8 . Sen. Tom Carper ( Delaware ) 9 . Sen. Tammy Baldwin Oregon Wisconsin ) 10 . Sen. Bill Nelson ( Florida ) 11 . Sen. Cory Booker ( New Jersey ) 12 . Sen. Mazie Hirono ( Hawaii , 13 . Sen. Tom Udall ( New Mexico , 14 . Sen. Jack Reed ( Rhode Island ) 15 . Sen. Chris Murphy ( Connecticut ) 16 . Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( Rhode Island ) 17 . Sen. Tim Kaine ( Virginia ) 18 . Sen. Virginia Rhode Island California ) 19 . Sen. Al Franken ( Minnesota ) 20 . Sen. Debbie Stabenow ( Michigan ) 21 . Sen. Ed Markey ( Massachusetts ) 22 . Sen. Chris Van Hollen ( Maryland ) 23 . Senate Minority Whip Senate Durbin ( Illinois ) 24 . Sen. Jeanne Shaheen ( New Hampshire ) 25 . Sen. Gary Peters ( Michigan ) 26 . Sen. Maggie Hassan ( New Hampshire ) 27 . Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( Minnesota ) 28 . Sen. Martin Heinrich ( New Mexico ) 29 . Sen. Tammy Duckworth Minnesota Illinois ) 30 . Sen. Kirsten New Mexico New York ) 31 . Sen. Richard Blumenthal ( Connecticut ) 32 . Sen. Maria New York Washington ) 33 . Sen. Brian Schatz ( Hawaii ) 34 . Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto ( Nevada ) 35 . Sen. Claire McCaskill Hawaii Missouri ) 36 . Sen. Sherrod Brown ( Ohio ) 37 . Sen. Jon Tester ( Montana ) 38 . Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( California )   39 . Sen. Patrick Leahy ( Vermont )    40 . Sen. Mark Warner ( California )    41 . Virginia Chris Coons ( Delaware )    42 . Sen. Ben Cardin ( Maryland ) 43 . Sen. Bob Menendez ( New Jersey ) This story will be updated as CNN receives updated CNN . 
 New Jersey 