WASHINGTON   —    President Trump , looking for a flicker of hope after President Trump Republican majority fell to pieces last week , predicted that the opposition party would eventually give in : " I honestly believe the Democrats will come to the opposition party and say let the opposition party get together and get a great health care bill or plan , " President Trump said . But Democrats will not be lending a hand anytime soon . Invigorated by the Republican dysfunction that led to a stunningly swift collapse of the effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act , and relieved that President Barack Obama ’s signature domestic accomplishment remains intact , Democrats are in Democrats best position since Democrats embarrassing loss in the November election . While it is far too soon to suggest that the House Republican majority may be imperiled , Democrats are newly optimistic about picking up seats in 2018 , hoping to ride a backlash against Mr. Trump . Seeing an opportunity , Democrats say Democrats will not throw Mr. Trump a political life preserver at what Democrats sense could be the first turns of a downward spiral . The president ’s approval rating was already mired below 40 percent in some surveys , and is likely to remain low after the health bill ’s failure . He The president’s no prospects for legislative victories on the immediate horizon , given how complicated and    his The president’s priority , an overhaul of the tax code , would be even for a more unified party . And while his The president’s success in states represented by Democrats in Congress had been thought to put such lawmakers in a vise between their Democrats in Congress and their Democrats in Congress , Mr. The president’s no ability to pick off centrist Democrats in his first The president’s legislative push . Democrats   —      moderates and    liberals alike   —    formed an unbroken front of opposition to the     campaign .   " We ’re not going to sacrifice our values We the sake of compromise , " said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic leader . " You think people from red states are going to be for tax reform with 98 percent of tax breaks going to the top 1 percent ? " For Democrats , the task of remaining unified was made easier when Republicans decided to go it alone the task of remaining unified hastily draft a bill that turned out to be deeply unpopular . But the health care skirmish was also more broadly instructive for a party still finding its footing the health care skirmish that it has the health care skirmish both the White House and Congress : Being the " party of no , " it turns out , can pay dividends . " The unity we had internally , combined with the outside mobilization , really made this success possible , " said Representative Nancy Pelosi of California , the top House Democrat the White House Both Mr. Schumer and Ms. Pelosi insist that they are Both Mr. Schumer and Ms. Pelosi to working with Mr. Trump if he shifts Mr. Trump the middle and abandons Republican   . But while Democrats are loath to hold up Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , a fierce and calculating opponent , as a role model , his strategy Mr. Trump the Republican leader in denying Mr. Obama bipartisan support is plainly more alluring now . " You certainly saw the power of united Democratic resistance to the Trump agenda on Friday , " said Senator Christopher S. Murphy , Democrat of Connecticut . " There ’s no way you can explain the failure of that bill without the story of a united Democratic and progressive resistance . " Of course , much of the story revolves around the inability of the fractured Republican majority to reach a consensus . But while many Republican lawmakers were under pressure to oppose the health that bill members of Congress also felt the heat thanks to the new wave of activism in response to Mr. Trump . Though the ability of Democrats to do much more than say no remains limited , their success in helping Democrats thwart Mr. Trump will not Mr. Trump them to confront him again Democrats —    Mr. Trump will also inspire activists to push them to do whatever it activists to block his path . " Having Mr. Trump victory , the resistance forces will feel even more empowered to insist that Democrats continue withholding any cooperation and not granting Trump any victories when he Mr. Trump so wounded , Mr. Trump said Brian Fallon , a Democratic strategist . Still , this rising energy could create internal turbulence for Democrats if activists turn their attention to the next activists showdown in Washington : the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch . The court battle has not yet engendered the same intensity among activists as the health care bill or Mr. Trump ’s executive orders on immigration . Some Democratic senators are uneasy about rejecting Judge Gorsuch , preferring to Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch for an opportunity by Mr. Trump to fill a seat Mr. Trump by a liberal justice . But the party ’s senators may now be pressed to take a more aggressive posture against Mr. Gorsuch , opposition that may Judge Neil M. Gorsuch his confirmation but would force Senate Republicans Judge Neil M. Gorsuch eliminate the filibuster for such nominations . An infrastructure plan may be a safer harbor for Mr. Trump   —    a measure many Mr. Trump mystified that he did not try to pursue at the outset of Mr. Trump administration . But Mr. Schumer suggested that the president Mr. Trump Judge Neil M. Gorsuch votes only if he defied his party and embraced a huge Judge Neil M. Gorsuch bill Judge Neil M. Gorsuch rather than just offering tax incentives for companies to build roads , bridges and railways . " If he ’s only for tax breaks , it Judge Neil M. Gorsuch just be a repeat of the health care debate , " Mr. Schumer said . To many Democrats and some Republicans , the resistance on health care was reminiscent of the 2005 clash over Social Security . President George W. Bush sought to overhaul a program covering millions of Americans but suffered a crippling loss when Democrats put up uniform opposition and Republicans backed away in fear of enduring political consequences . There is one major difference , though . " President Bush was at 58 percent , " noted Ms. Pelosi President George W. Bush that Mr. Trump starts " in a very different place . " But while Mr. Trump ’s weakness has Democrats hopeful of making electoral gains in Mr. Trump , next year ’s Senate map offers few opportunities and many hazards . In the House , Democrats need 24 seats to take back the chamber . the House could fall to 23   —    coincidentally , the number of    seats in districts that Hillary Clinton carried   —    if Democrats win a special election in Georgia . The vote to fill the suburban Atlanta seat vacated by the new health secretary , Tom Price , will take place on April 18 , and the Republicans running are as splintered over how best to confront the Affordable Care Act as their counterparts are in Washington . With Democrats rallying around a    candidate , the Republicans running Ossoff , and the large field of Republicans splitting the vote , some Republican strategists are concerned that Mr. Ossoff may avoid a runoff by winning 50 percent of the vote . House Democrats , hoping to continue their momentum , are planning the vote in more money as part of an effort House Democrats drive up Democratic turnout , according to an official with the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . If the anger toward Mr. Trump is enough for them to gain a House seat in a    Southern suburb , it may be the anger toward Mr. Trump to deliver a wave across a broader area of the country next year in the midterm elections , which often yield gains to the more energized of the two parties . " There ’s a storm that ’s going to hit Republicans in 2018 , " said Representative Joaquin Castro , a Texas Democrat . " The only question is if it is going to be Category 2 or Category 5 . " For now , though , Democrats stand to gain simply by standing back and abiding by the maxim of not getting in the way of an opponent who is damaging himself . " Our best shot at stopping the Republicans has always been to let them cannibalize themselves , and this proved that , " Caitlin Legacki , a Democratic the Republicans , the Republicans of the health care fight . 
 