Donald J. Trump plans to throw Bill Clinton ’s infidelities in Hillary Clinton ’s face on live television during the presidential debates this fall , questioning whether Hillary Clinton enabled Donald J. Trump behavior and sought to discredit the women involved . Donald J. Trump will try to hold her Donald J. Trump for security lapses at the American consulate in Benghazi , Libya , and for the death of Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens there . And he Donald J. Trump to portray Mrs. Donald J. Trump fundamentally corrupt , invoking everything from her cattle Donald J. Trump trades in the late 1970s to the federal investigation into her email Donald J. Trump as secretary of state . Drawing on psychological warfare tactics that Mr. Trump used to defeat " Lyin’ Ted " Cruz , " Little Marco " Rubio and " " Jeb Bush in the Republican primaries , the Trump campaign Mr. Trump mapping out character attacks on the Clintons to try to increase their negative Ted" Cruz, "Little Marco" Rubio and " " Jeb Bush in the Republican primaries ratings and bait them into Ted" Cruz, "Little Marco" Rubio and " " Jeb Bush in the Republican primaries political mistakes , according to interviews with Mr. Trump Mr. Trump goal is to win over skeptical Republicans , since nothing unites the party quite like castigating the Clintons the Clintons them could also deflect attention from Mr. the party ’s vulnerabilities , such as his treatment of women , some Trump Mr. Trump say . For Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump the coming battle is something of a paradox . She has decades of experience and qualifications Mrs. Clinton but it may not be merit that wins her the presidency   —    it Mrs. Clinton be how she handles the humiliations inflicted by Mr. Mrs. Clinton . She would make history Mr. Trump first woman Mrs. Clinton be a    nominee Mrs. Clinton would also be viewed , in part , through Mrs. Clinton prism of her husband ’s flaws . Some political allies and friends Mrs. Clinton while disgusted with Mr. Trump , see a certain cosmic symmetry Mr. Trump : After decades of fighting what she once called " the politics of personal destruction , " Mrs. Clinton Clinton will reach the White House only if she survives Mrs. Clinton crucible of sordid and scandalous accusations . " Mrs. Clinton is so prepared to be president , but holding her head Mrs. Clinton and staying dignified during the campaign is probably what Mrs. Clinton help her the most , " said Melanne Verveer , a longtime friend Mrs. Clinton former chief of staff to Mrs. Clinton . " Trump is yet another way she will be Mrs. Clinton   —    one of her greatest tests Mrs. Clinton . " Mrs. Clinton has often flourished in the Mrs. Clinton of boorish behavior : her Mrs. Clinton affair with Monica Lewinsky , Kenneth W. Starr ’s investigation of Mrs. Clinton husband , the congressional impeachment proceedings . Women rallied to her side during her husband’s Senate race after her Republican opponent , Representative Rick Mrs. Clinton Lazio , Mrs. Clinton her personal space during Mrs. Clinton debate , and they helped her win the 2008 Mrs. Clinton Hampshire primary shortly after Barack Obama dismissively said Women Mrs. Clinton " likable enough . " Yet Mr. Trump said he was determined Mrs. Clinton to fall into those traps . In a telephone interview , Mr. Trump noted that women did not like seeing Mrs. Clinton insulted or bullied by men Mr. Trump He said he wanted to be more strategic , by calling into question Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump judgment Mr. Trump her reaction to Mr. Clinton ’s affairs   —    Mrs. Clinton to the couple have Mrs. Clinton she was involved in efforts to discredit the women   —    and in her response Mrs. Clinton crises like Benghazi . " Just getting nasty with Hillary wo n’t work Mrs. Clinton " Mr. Trump said . " You really have to get Mrs. Clinton to look hard at her character , and to get women to ask themselves if Hillary is truly sincere and Mrs. Clinton . Because she has been really ugly in women to Mrs. Clinton Bill ’s mistresses , and she is Mrs. Clinton to women so obviously when she is only interested in getting power . Mrs. Clinton He acknowledged that Republicans tried to discredit Mrs. Clinton judgment in the marathon Benghazi hearing in the Bill , to little avail . But Mrs. Clinton said that he would be more pointed and memorable in linking her to the failings Bill deaths in Bill , and that the debate would have a Mrs. Clinton larger television audience than the hearing . Still , advisers of Mrs. Clinton pointed to her    with the    Benghazi committee as a sign of her unflappability . " From Mrs. Clinton Lazio to the House Benghazi committee , there ’s a Mrs. Clinton line of Republicans who set out to the   Benghazi committee but ended up inflicting the damage on themselves , " a Clinton campaign spokesman Mrs. Clinton Fallon , said in a statement . " We know Donald Republicans Mrs. Clinton the most unconventional of them all , but no matter what he throws at her , she will keep running her own campaign and wo n’t hesitate to call him out Donald Trump " Several Donald Trump advisers Donald Trump they were not Donald Trump Mr. Trump ’s ability to do some damage Donald Trump acknowledging Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton ’s unfavorability ratings Several Clinton advisers high   — Donald Trump not as high as Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton —    and that many Americans had concerns about her honesty and trustworthiness , according to polls . Donald Trump Clinton advisers expressed confidence that Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton overreach and engender sympathy for Mrs. Clinton . Two advisers said that the campaign had done polling to test the Donald Trump of Mr. Trump ’s lines of attacks Clinton while not disclosing details about the data , that they were convinced that he would not Donald Trump . Mrs. Clinton , in turn , has begun attacking Mr. Trump over his refusal to release Two advisers tax returns Donald Trump suggesting he has something to Clinton , Clinton his temperament and leadership abilities by Donald Trump as a Donald Trump loose cannon . Donald Trump And political allies say Donald Trump , in time , voters will see Donald Trump Mr. Trump ’s criticisms . " Donald Trump ca n’t run on his    agenda because he does n’t have one , and he ca n’t go after Donald Trump substantive policy because she knows Donald Trump much more than he Donald Trump , " said Donald Trump R. Nides , Mrs. Clinton ’s Donald Trump deputy secretary of state for management    resources . Yet Mr.    has been steadily Donald Trump during the presidential campaign . His Republican rivals were certain that voters would tire of his slashing style and his harsh language , and some political strategists were sure his lack of policy details would Mr. Trump him unprepared in the eyes of too many . Mr. Trump one of Mrs. Mr. Trump ’s biggest assets to many Democrats   —    Mr. Trump the first female president and returning Mr. Trump Clinton to a White House role   —    can be exploited as vulnerabilities . " We ’ve never had a woman at the top of the ticket , Mrs. Clinton will be plenty of people who ’ll have a problem with her gender , " said Christina Greer , a political scientist at Fordham University . And Mr. Trump " can say that Bill Clinton was accused of rape and destroyed a a woman ’s life , " she added , referring to allegations by Juanita Broaddrick of a sexual assault in the 1970s and Mrs. Clinton Lewinsky affair . With polls showing that Mr. Trump has unprecedented high negative a girl’s with voters and is in particular trouble with women , some Republican strategists say he has no choice but to try to drive up Mrs. Mr. Trump unfavorability ratings . A recent    poll found that 57 percent of likely Trump supporters said that their votes were Mr. Trump to express opposition to Mrs. Clinton than to support Mr. Trump . " His best way to rally hostile Republican delegates before the convention is Mr. Trump show he ’s likely Trump supporters great Clinton attack dog , " said Mrs. Clinton , a Republican Mr. Trump oversaw a " Mr. Trump PAC " supporting Mr. Bush in this year ’s Republican race . Mark Mr. Trump , the chief strategist Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton ’s 2008 her 2000 Senate race and the Harvard University Center for American Political Studies have conducted polling that indicates that attacks against Mrs. Clinton over her private email Mr. Penn Benghazi bring Mrs. Clinton vote down with sharp attacks , but that does not bring his vote up Mrs. Clinton " Mr. Penn wrote in Donald Trump . At a campaign rally for Donald Trump Clinton on Wednesday A recent   poll Jersey , some supporters said they were concerned about Donald Trump Mr. Trump could do . They described him as a street fighter and worried that Mrs. Clinton would not Mr. Trump and nimble enough to deliver a Mr. Trump punch . her vote a real lowbrow brawler , " said Michael Magazzu , an entrepreneur in the energy sector from Vineland , Mr. Trump J. " That ’s not her style some supporters She has to counteract him , and the best way some supporters be to keep Mrs. Clinton cool . Mrs. Clinton 
 Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump 