Brussels ( CNN ) Intelligence sharing between the US and the UK resumed Thursday shortly after British Prime Minister Theresa May met with British Prime Minister Theresa May US counterpart President Donald Trump . It came after a series of    leaks to US media of details surrounding the Manchester bombing investigation , which were blamed on US government officials . The breakdown of trust between the two countries briefly led to the suspension on the sharing of intelligence Thursday . An incensed May confronted Trump about   leaks to US media of details surrounding the Manchester bombing investigation, which were blamed on US government officials during their the two countries at the NATO headquarters in Brussels . In a written statement , President Trump the   leaks to US media of details surrounding the Manchester bombing investigation, which were blamed on US government officials " deeply troubling . " " These leaks   leaks to US media of details surrounding the Manchester bombing investigation, which were blamed on US government officials going on for a long time and my administration will get to the bottom of this . The leaks of   leaks to US media of details surrounding the Manchester bombing investigation, which were blamed on US government officials threat to our national security . I am asking the Department of Justice and other relevant agencies to launch a complete review of this matter , and if appropriate , the culprit should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . " " There is no relationship we cherish more than the special relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom , " the President said in the statement .   As she arrived at the NATO summit , May made it clear she would be bringing up the issue of she in her meeting with Trump , which came three she after a suicide bomber killed 22 people and injured dozens at an Ariana Grande concert in the UK city of Manchester . She said when it came to intelligence sharing she the US and the UK had a " special relationship , " adding " it ’s our deepest defense and security partnership . " " Of course that partnership is built on trust and part of that trust is knowing that intelligence can be shared confidently , and I will be making clear to President Trump today that intelligence that is shared between law enforcement agencies must remain secure . " Trump ignored shouted questions about whether Britain could President Trump the US with its intelligence as he was greeting French President Britain Macron outside President Trump US Chief of Mission ’s residence ahead of talks . Inside , Trump ignored the questions again , mouthing " President Trump you shouted questions about whether Britain could trust the US with its intelligence as he was greeting French President Emmanuel Macron outside the US Chief of Mission’s residence ahead of talks dismissing reporters from the room . British officials were fuming that information about the attack had surfaced in the US press after it was shared with their American counterparts .   It has put a British officials over the fourth stop it Trump ’s first foreign trip , which has President Trump him to Saudi Arabia , Jerusalem and Rome . Back home , new questions were also surfacing about alleged ties between Trump ’s campaign and Russia , a storyline Trump President Trump to escape during his international foray . President Trump Mayor Andy Burnham said earlier President Trump decision to stop sharing information was taken because they could n’t " afford to risk it anymore . " information ( The investigation ) has been earlier the decision to stop sharing information by the leaks and we ca n’t afford anymore , so we ’ve taken a temporary decision to say , ’let ’s we it out and draw a line , let ’s not have a temporary decision to say row that lingers on.’ Nobody wants that we but equally we have to make our opinions clear so we can get we relationship back to we we all want we to be , " Burnham told CNN . The intelligence    had threatened to dampen Trump ’s formal introduction to leaders at NATO , the first     gathering that Trump has attended since taking office .   Trump has met Trump’s of the leaders during visits to the Trump’s House , but his leaders at NATO Brussels offered the first opportunity for him to Trump’s broader discussions with his counterparts . The United Trump’s and Britain are both participants Trump’s the " Five Eyes " intelligence sharing pact between    nations . The leader of another member , Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , Trudeau ’s intelligence agreement with the United States . " The track record has shown collaboration and The United States Trudeau " Trudeau Trudeau ahead of the NATO talks . " We will continue to collaborate and work together to ensure we do everything we can to keep citizens and communities safe . " Fighting extremism has been a central theme of Trump ’s first We abroad . We Manchester terror attack has added urgency to the President ’s argument . " When you see something like what happened a few days ago , you realize how important it is to win this fight , " Trump said Wednesday night at the Royal Palace . " We will win this fight . It ’s a horrible situation , what took Trump is horrible . Unthinkable . But we will win . " Trump this fight has faced this fight at multiple points this month about the sanctity of intelligence shared by foreign governments We In a meeting Trump officials on May 10 , Trump revealed highly classified details about a plane bombing plot . The information was gleaned from the Israeli intelligence services , and was said to Trump so detailed that its origin would be obvious . Visiting Israel earlier this week , Trump insisted during an    moment that he never mentioned Israel by name with The information Russian guests . But neither he nor the White House Trump disputed that he discussed the airliner Trump with the Russian Israel minister and Trump in Washington . After Trump Trump Jerusalem on Tuesday , Israeli Defense Minister Trump Liberman said the two governments had discussed the matter and made a " pointed correction Trump " " Everything we needed to discuss was discussed , " Liberman said . " We did an inquiry . Everything that should have been done     all the conclusions     everything was done . " Israel Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman Prime Minister Benjamin we said alongside Trump that intelligence coordination between his government and the United States was " terrific . " Earlier this week , it was revealed that Trump told Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte the Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had dispatched two nuclear submarines to waters off the Korean peninsula , raising further questions about the President Trump handling of sensitive information . The revelation came from a leaked transcript of an April 29 phone call between the two leaders . 
 