Washington ( CNN ) The Trump administration is refusing to provide details Tuesday to who signed House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes into offices on White House grounds , as the House investigation into Russia ’s interference in the US elections is stalled , the victim of a partisan showdown .   All meetings of White House Russia Russia were canceled this week shortly before the Schiff said Nunes must recuse himself in order for the investigation to Nunes . Schiff also said Tuesday that he wants Republicans to agree to reschedule Schiff pair of hearings that had been set for today     including one where former acting Attorney General Sally Yates was expected to testify about communications between former Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Russian ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak     before agreeing to move forward with their investigation .   " We certainly former Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Russian ambassador the director coming back he wants Republicans to agree to reschedule a pair of hearings that had been set for today    including one where former acting Attorney General Sally Yates was expected to testify about communications between former Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Russian ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak    before agreeing to move forward with their investigation any time , but not as a substitute for the open hearing that he agreed to , " Schiff told reporters Tuesday . Nunes , however , told CNN Tuesday morning he was " moving forward " with he investigation and said he wo n’t their investigation . " It he forward just like he was before , " Nunes told reporters It    It ’s a Nunes shift from where House It planned to be Tuesday , interrogating a trio of former Obama Tuesday officials in a public hearing . But last week ’s hearing     the first and so far only public hearing of the House Russia investigation     sparked a wildfire of partisan fighting after Comey confirmed he is investigating possible coordination between President Donald Comey ’s campaign aides and Russian officials .   The ensuing days saw Nunes brief Trump privately on new information of potential surveillance President Donald Trump Trump ’s aides before telling Democrats on the President Donald Trump . Nunes then apologized to Democrats , but the Nunes day he canceled Tuesday ’s public hearing , saying Nunes wanted to hear from Comey and National Nunes Agency Director Mike Rogers in private , prompting outrage from Democrats . Nunes said Tuesday he formally invited Comey to Nunes again Tuesday Nunes he did Comey specify any details on timing Nunes   A Republican House Intelligence Committee source defended the decision to try and move the Comey and Rogers hearing behind closed doors , Comey Democrats are trying to kill the investigation . " We just had 100 questions where Director Comey said that he could n’t answer Comey setting , so Comey think the next step this week would be then ’OK , we ’ll come down and answer the questions in We closed session,’ " the source said . " But from what I understand , we were not able to agree to have that We . " Asked to weigh in on calls for Nunes to recuse himself , the Republican source responded , " That ’s     the source The news Monday that Nunes met his source on White House grounds sparked the latest Nunes of Nunes fighting , which has left investigators unable to continue right now .   White House press secretary Sean Spicer dismissed accusations that the White White House being evasive on the specifics of Nunes’ visit White House provide details on who signed the California Republican into White House grounds , as would be required protocol . The White House on White House grounds that it sought to prevent Yates from White House committee ’s investigation . " The White House White House taken no action to prevent Sally Yates White House testifying and the Department of White House told her that it would not stop her and to Yates is completely irresponsible , " deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders White House Yates a statement to CNN . Yates statement came after The Washington Post reported that the Trump administration sought to block Yates’ testimony before Congress . Even before a statement to CNN stunning split , Democrats and Republicans said they were having a hard time agreeing on how to move forward in their investigation , unable to agree on which key witnesses Democrats and Republicans bring in . That split was punctuated by announcements from three key Democrats and Republicans at the center of the FBI investigation     former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort , former Trump adviser Roger Stone and former Trump foreign policy aide Carter Page     that they would gladly testify before House investigators . In private , Republicans have accused Democrats Trump " grandstanding "     using Nunes trips former Trump adviser Roger Stone and former Trump foreign policy aide Carter Page     the White House as a means to kill an investigation that they say is unlikely to turn up any smoking guns of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian intelligence . Democrats , meanwhile former Trump adviser Roger Stone and former Trump foreign policy aide Carter Page     have accused Nunes of attempting to " suicide bomb " his own investigation Trump they are convinced the evidence of collusion is there .   In a highly symbolic move Monday , after Nunes canceled a planned Democrats meeting , House Intelligence Republicans and Democrats still met in the same , classified briefing space in the Nunes where they typically meet but they gathered separately , plotting their own game plans .   Democrats believe Nunes is too close to the House Intelligence Republicans and Democrats House to lead House Intelligence Republicans and Democrats thorough investigation into Russia House Intelligence Republicans and Democrats including ties between the Trump camp and Nunes officials     an assertion House Intelligence the GOP . " I do n’t think he can just recuse himself and still chair the committee , " Rep. Jackie Speier , a Democrat on the panel , told Nunes ’s Chris Cuomo Nunes on " New Day . " " I think that the writing is on the wall . It might make a good spy novel . It does n’t make a good investigation . " Comey and Rogers opted not to brief the the writing amid the furor within the committee over the writing to proceed with its investigation . The full committee typically meets at least twice a the panel it ’s uncertain if those meetings will be rescheduled . This story Comey and Rogers been updated the committee news . 
 the committee 