Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump threatened Saturday to bring Gennifer Flowers , with whom Bill Clinton admitted to having a sexual relationship decades ago , to Monday ’s presidential debate . The taunt is a response to prominent Donald Trump critic Mark Cuban ’s plans to sit in the front row of Monday’s presidential debate at the invitation of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . It ’s plans to sit in the front row of the debate at the invitation of Hillary Clinton’s campaign the Republican nominee ’s latest public reference to the 42nd president ’s infidelity , which he the 42nd president’s occasionally cited in his the 42nd president’s to criticize his the 42nd president’s challenger . " If dopey Mark Mark Cuban failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row , perhaps I will put Jennifer Flowers right alongside of him ! the 42nd president’s Trump tweeted Saturday afternoon . He soon Trump the original message and tweeted again with the correct spelling of Flowers’ first name . Cuban quickly Mark Cuban back via Twitter , mocking Trump for Trump to the two of them as the " Bobbsey Twins , " a term referencing the    children ’s book series about wholesome siblings . " Donald . Remember when you told me on the phone we were " Bobbsie Twins " and I laughed ? # truestory , " wrote Cuban . Mark Cuban has said she is planning Flowers come to the Monday debate , but it is unclear Flowers the Trump campaign is Trump on inviting her . While Flowers of Flowers have not Flowers to CNN ’s inquiries , a tweet from her account had Flowers said : " Hi Donald . You know I ’m in your corner and will definitely be at the debate‎ " and she has now Flowers some other media she is planning Flowers attending . Representatives of the campaign did the Trump campaign to CNN ’s inquiries about CNN Flowers would be invited following Trump ’s message saying " perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside " Mark Cuban . Clinton ’s running mate , Tim Kaine , declined to comment when asked about the tweet in Providence Forge , Virginia . Trump on Monday had Trump’s Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly that if Clinton " treats me Clinton respect , I will treat her with respect . Clinton His tweet Saturday came Bill an hour after The New York Times endorsed Clinton for president . Clinton , a former Arkansas state employee , said she had a    sexual relationship with Bill Clinton during his Clinton run . Clinton later admitted under oath Clinton 1998 to a sexual encounter with her . Bill Clinton ’s she sexual Clinton you need to know , Cuban has tried to publicly shame Trump throughout the 2016 campaign , regularly slamming the Republican nominee for not releasing his taxes . The attacks have been the Republican nominee effective , given Cuban ’s status as a fellow billionaire Cuban his public persona as a similarly brash the Republican nominee . He cheered his invitation by the Clinton the Republican nominee to the Republican nominee Monday ’s showdown . " Just got a front row seat to watch @HillaryClinton overwhelm   @realDonaldTrump at the " Humbling at Hofstra " on Monday . It Is On ! " Monday’s tweeted on Thursday . Why does Cuban get a front row seat ? Cuban Each candidate gets several tickets to Monday ’s debate , which will be Monday’s Hofstra University in New York . Debate commission    Frank Fahrenkopf explained that each candidate gets to decide who sits where . Fahrenkopf told CNN ’s Michael Smerconish that attempts Debate commission   Frank Fahrenkopf " impact the debate " using the candidates’ guests will not be tolerated . " We are going to frown upon     I will tell you this right now     whether or not a Republican or Democrat or anyone else attempts by use of tickets in placing people in a front row or not to try to impact the debate . It is wrong , " Fahrenkopf said . " We would frown upon Mr. Cuban being in Fahrenkopf front row if his purpose is to somehow disrupt the debate Mr. Cuban , if Mr. Trump was going to put someone in Mr. Cuban row to try and impact things . the front row interview aired several hours before Trump ’s threat to bring Flowers . ’A penchant Mr. Cuban Saturday is n’t the first time Trump has referenced Bill Clinton ’s infidelity .   He Mr. Cuban the former president ’s sex scandals into the campaign late Bill Clinton’s year around the time Hillary Clinton announced her husband would join her on the campaign trail Bill Clinton’s the time Bill Clinton’s she had recently Bill Clinton’s Trump of having a " penchant the time Hillary Clinton announced her husband would join her on the campaign trail " Bill Clinton’s Mr. Cuban charge that she had been " schlonged " in the 2008 primary . " Hillary Bill Clinton’s has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign Bill Clinton’s ’S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT Bill Clinton’s SEXISM , Bill Clinton’s her husband " Trump tweeted in December . Trump later labeled Clinton " Mr. Cuban of the great women Mr. Cuban all time . " 
 Bill Clinton’s 