Washington ( CNN ) The biggest story of the 2016 election is undoubtedly the rise of Donald Trump , and behind the Republican nominee is a group in the Republican nominee last throes as the biggest force in politics : The white working class . A new survey from CNN and the Kaiser Family Foundation delves deeply into a group in its last throes , to understand their experience A new survey from CNN and the Kaiser Family Foundation an America whose changing demographics and economy have arguably impacted this group a group in its last throes almost any other . Contrary to many assumptions about this group , a group in its last throes finds working class whites generally happy with their lives , and working class whites satisfied with their personal financial situation working class whites Just 18 % say they are angry about Just 18% way things are going in their own lives , Just 18% 44 % think America ’s best days America ahead . They are just as Just 18% as their black and Hispanic Just 18% class counterparts to feel optimistic about their lives , 7 Just 18% 10 or more say so in each group . But the white working class harbors deep concerns about the country ’s economy America amount the government is doing to help the working class and their own ability to influence working . A majority , 53 % say they are very dissatisfied with 53% country ’s economic situation America % say their views are not well represented 53% the government in Washington , well above the share of white college graduates or black or Hispanic working class to say the same . About 6 in 10 white working class people say it ’s gotten harder for people like them to get ahead financially and About 6 in 10 white working class people say it ’s harder to find good it . Many are concerned about what the next generation will face : 50 % say they expect their children to have 50% lower 50% of living than they currently have , compared with 50% % among whites who have college degrees , 43 % among the black working class and 31 % among the Hispanic working class . More than other groups , whites without college degrees blame the government for the economic problems that beset the working class , with 62 % saying the federal government deserves all or most of the blame for those problems compared with less than the economic problems that beset the working class whites with degrees and the black and Hispanic working class , and 66 % saying it does n’t do enough to help the working class . Amid these concerns the working class broad appeal among white working class voters . Sixty percent say they would consider Trump this fall , about double Sixty percent 29 % Trump say they ’d consider Hillary Clinton . Among other groups Sixty percent far fewer even say they would consider Trump . Among whites with college Sixty percent , 39 Trump say they ’d consider him     that ’s cut in Sixty percent among Hispanic Trump class voters , 18 % of whom say they ’d consider Trump , and just 3 % 18% of whom black working Trump voters say they ’ll give Trump a look . White working 18% of whom voters are Trump Republican than Democratic , 56 % in the    poll are Republicans or independents who lean the   Poll compared with 33 % who consider themselves Democrats or are independents who lean that way , but the poll reveals that their views on what the government does the   Poll people like them themselves the changing demographics of the country     two issues that themselves been a central focus of Trump ’s campaign     are driven by both education and partisanship . The undeniable trend , For nearly all of American history , whites without college degrees     the group identified as white working class for the purposes of this survey and in many assessments of the American electorate     made up a majority of the public and a majority of voters . That has changed , and rapidly , at the same time the nation ’s economy has shifted to favor those who hold college degrees . Ronald Reagan was elected in 1980 by an electorate in which 63 % of voters were whites who had not completed a    college education , according to exit polls . That had dropped 10 points by 1992 , when Bill Clinton won the presidency . That election marked the last time exit polls would find whites without college degrees to be a majority of voters . By the time Barack Obama won the presidency in 2008 , just 39 % of those who cast the presidency whites without degrees . Census figures for voting and registration suggest that the white working class make up a larger share of the electorate than do the exit polls , roughly 44 % in 2012 in that estimate . Both data sources have different and unquantifiable sources of error , and there has been some dispute over their true share of the electorate . Regardless of the data source , Both data sources , the trend is the same and undeniable     the white working class is shrinking , and at the same time , the white working class American politics has declined . Enter Trump . Working class white voters the white working class been critical to Trump ’s success . Throughout the Republican primaries , Trump ’s victories were bolstered by support Trump without degrees . Across 28 states with exit Trump polls this spring , Trump averaged 50 % support among white    GOP primary voters or caucus participants , compared with 37 Trump among whites with college degrees . And across five    polls conducted since the primaries ended in June , Trump ’s lead among white    voters averages 29 points , while white college voters have broken in Trump ’s direction by an average of 8 points . Restated in terms similar to the    gender gap , that adds up to a    education gap among whites . According to exit polls back to 1980 , it has never been larger than 14 points . The white working class shifts Republican , Democrats used exit polls be the party of the white working class , and Republicans , the party of the college educated . Those roles have flipped . Ron Brownstein , a CNN senior political analyst and editorial director for strategic partnerships at Atlantic Media who has reported extensively on this group , calls it class inversion .   " In the 50s , 60s , and 70s , Democrats ran better among    than college whites , " he said . " Starting in the 80s , the two lines converged , and in 2000 , Al) Gore Al ) Gore ran better among college than    whites , ( John ) Kerry ran 6 points better , Obama 7 points . " Some of that is due to the shifting economy . Working class whites were largely synonymous with union members , who are traditionally staunchly Democratic . As the service economy has grown and manufacturing declined , the profile of union members has changed . In 1980 , 70 % of all voters who came from union households were whites without college degrees in 2012 , the white working class made up just were 39 % of voters from union households .    and white college graduates were each about 30 % of the union vote in 2012 , almost double their share of the 1980 vote , and those two groups are increasingly Democratic . But some of white college graduates is their differing views on government and white college graduates society . Within the white working class , those who consider white college graduates Democrats and those who say they are Republican tend to agree in their assessment of how the working class is doing . About 7 in Democrats working class white voters in each Democrats say it ’s gotten harder for people like them to find good jobs , and narrow majorities of both say the 7 in 10 working class white voters in each party is n’t doing enough to help 7 in 10 working class white voters in each party people like you . " And while they do n’t see exactly     on immigration or the increasing diversity of the United States , both sets of partisans are more apt than their    counterparts to see a negative side to the country ’s shifting demographics . Both working class white Democrats both sets of partisans Republicans are more likely than white college educated partisans to feel that the country ’s increasing racial and ethnic diversity is harmful because it leaves some people feeling left behind . The the country emerges in perceptions of immigrants , with white    partisans more apt than white partisans with degrees to say immigrants today are a burden on the United States and that the government should attempt to deport all immigrants currently living in the US illegally . And in a party whose    finisher for this year ’s presidential nomination considers himself a socialist ,    white Democrats are less apt than their    counterparts to consider themselves liberal or to be    two factors that could be driving them away from the white Democrats    Party . Among white Democrats working class Democrats who are registered to vote , 22 % white Democrats they would consider voting for Trump , vs. just 2 % among white Democrats with college degrees , and nearly a 22% , 23 % say they will definitely not vote for Clinton , a figure that stands at 3 % among white Democrats with college degrees 23% The effects Clinton this shift are showing in recent    polling . Trump ’s best chance to win the presidency comes Trump flipping    states where Democrats have had natural advantages the presidency presidential elections and which have larger than average blocs of white    voters     Pennsylvania , Michigan and Wisconsin among them . In each , Trump has cut into Clinton ’s advantage with broad Trump from the white working class . In the pure battlegrounds , Ohio and Clinton’s appear to be shifting Trump ’s way on the white working class support Trump    voters . " Democrats have Trump slightly better among    whites in Midwestern swing states , and that has been a key to them holding those states , " said Brownstein . Will they vote ? Majorities of voters across partisan , education , and racial lines say they are Democrats with the influence that people like them have on Democrats political process . But there are broader differences when asked about the likelihood of Majorities of voters across partisan, education, and racial lines turning out to impact that process . In Majorities of voters across partisan, education, and racial lines    Poll , 71 % of white    voters said they always vote in presidential elections , and 79 % rated the the political process they would vote a 10 out of 10 . But both figures were smaller 71% of white   voters among whites who do have college degrees , about 9 in 10 in 71% of white   voters group said they always vote and would be very likely to this time around . But a    poll in this group found almost no difference between whites with degrees and both figures without in terms of enthusiasm about voting this year .    percent of white college graduates were extremely or very enthusiastic , as were 43 % of white    registered voters . Should turnout levels this year without degrees , whites with degrees and    continue along their current trajectory , the white working class would likely emerge from 2016 still the largest voting bloc in the country in the white working class educational attainment , for    may be whites with degrees and    last time . The    Poll was conducted by telephone August 9 through September 5 among the country of 1 , 614 adults , including 701 people who were identified as working class whites     white    adults who do not currently hold a    degree and , if under age 25 , not currently enrolled in school .   Results for the full sample have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points , it is 5 points for results among members of the white working class , 6 points for whites with degrees , 10 points for black working class respondents and 9 points for the white working class . Full methodological details are available here . 
 