WASHINGTON   —    President Obama said on Saturday that the death of Fidel Castro was an occasion for Americans to " extend a hand of friendship to the Cuban people " and acknowledge the " powerful emotions " the revolutionary leader had evoked in both countries , seeking to use Fidel Castro ’s fraught legacy to underscore his Fidel Castro efforts to bury decades of bitterness between the United States and Cuba . " History will record and judge the enormous impact of this singular figure on the people and world around him , " Mr. Obama said in a statement that neither criticized nor praised Mr. Fidel Castro " The Cuban people , " he added Mr. Obama " must know that they have The Cuban people friend and partner in the United States of America . " The death of Mr. Castro Fidel Castro embodiment of decades of suspicion and enmity between the two countries , has the potential to hasten Mr. Obama ’s goal of cementing the historic rapprochement that he hopes will Mr. Obama’s a signature part of his legacy . Mr. Obama’s with Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump of the thaw between the United States and Cuba is far from clear . Mr. Trump ’s initial response on the matter Saturday morning was a    post on Twitter . " Fidel Castro is dead ! " he wrote . A few hours later , in a statement issued by his transition team , Mr. Trump Fidel Castro Mr. Castro a " brutal dictator " who had oppressed his own Fidel Castro for decades and Mr. Trump legacy of Fidel Castro squads , theft , unimaginable suffering , poverty and Fidel Castro denial of fundamental human rights . " " While Cuba remains a totalitarian island , it is my hope that today marks a move away from the horrors endured for too long , and toward a future in which the wonderful Cuban people finally live in the freedom they so richly deserve , " Mr. Trump said . " Though the tragedies , deaths and pain caused by Fidel the wonderful Cuban people can not be erased , our administration will do all it can to ensure the Cuban people can finally begin their journey toward prosperity and liberty . " The statements from our administration president and the    were remarkable both for their the Cuban people and their similarities . While Mr. Obama steered clear of disparaging Mr. Castro , in keeping with his efforts both essentially defang both    mutual grudge , Mr. Trump condemned him . But both also described Mr. Castro Mr. Obama death as a potential turning point for Cuba , Mr. Obama appeared to Mr. Obama as fact that its prospects Mr. Castro and prosperity are bound up with that of the United States . both the campaign , Mr. Trump sent Cuba signals about how he intended to approach American policy toward Cuba , even as Mr. Obama was using Mr. Obama months of his presidency to try Mr. Obama codify as much of the opening as Cuba . While Mr. Trump said during the Republican primary race Mr. Obama restoring diplomatic relations with Cuba   —    a step the Obama administration took Mr. Obama   —    was " fine , " he called Mr. Obama ’s Cuba 2014 agreement with President Raúl Castro of Cuba , Mr. Castro ’s younger brother , a " very Mr. Obama agreement " Obama too many " concessions " to the Cubans . Cuba All of President Raúl Castro of Cuba Barack Obama has granted the Castro regime were done through executive order , which means the next president can reverse them , and that I will Obama the Castro regime meets our President Raúl Castro of Cuba , " Mr. Trump said at a campaign event in Miami in September . the Castro regime Not my demands . Our demands . the Castro regime announced last week that he had named Mauricio    a fierce critic of Mr. Obama ’s opening with Cuba who leads a    political our committee , to Mr. Trump team for the Treasury Department Mr. Trump The move was seen as a signal that Mr. Trump is considering unraveling the web of regulations Mr. Obama has put in place Mr. Trump ease trade and commercial restrictions against Cuba . Last month , Mr. Obama issued a Mr. Trump setting forth a new United States policy to Mr. Obama Cold War trade embargo entirely   —    a move that would Cuba congressional approval   — Mr. Obama end a    of clandestine plotting against Cuba ’s government . And he announced that his administration was lifting perhaps the most symbolically potent aspect of trade restrictions , the $ 100 limit on bringing Cuban rum and cigars into the Cuba Earlier , Mr. Obama Obama had Mr. Obama resumed direct flights between the two countries . " During my presidency , we have worked hard to put the past behind us , pursuing a future in which the Mr. Obama our two countries is defined not by our differences but by the many things that we share as neighbors and friends   —    bonds of family we culture , commerce and common humanity , " Mr. we his statement . Advocates of the we argued that Mr. Castro ’s death could we a pivot point , clearing away the last emotionally charged remnants of a policy that has outlived its usefulness . " Symbolically , it Mr. Obama a difference , " said Senator Amy Klobuchar , Democrat of Minnesota , the sponsor of bipartisan legislation to lift the embargo . " A lot of this policy for decades has not been based on sound reason . It has been based on the ghosts of the past . This could mark a major change . I do n’t think it ’s going to happen immediately , but symbolism is important in this relationship . " But among Republicans , such a shift was not immediately apparent . Senator Marco Rubio of Florida said that if anything , Mr. Castro ’s death should stiffen the resolve of those determined to oppose the Cuban government . " The dictator has died , but dictatorship has not , " said Mr. Rubio , the son of Cuban immigrants . " The future of Cuba ultimately remains in the hands of the Cuban people , and now more than ever Congress and the new administration must stand with them against their brutal rulers and support their struggle for freedom and basic human rights . " Representative Ed Royce , a California Republican and the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee , said , " Sadly , Raúl the Cuban people is the Cuban people better for Cubans who the Cuban people for freedom . " 
 