’Donald Trump advised prominent campaign surrogates to go after journalists who ask questions about a Trump University lawsuit and encouraged prominent campaign surrogates to defend ’Donald Trump against criticism of ’Donald Trump comments about the US district judge presiding over the case.’ " Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee for president ,   over ’Donald Trump questioning of US District Judge Gonzalo Curiel ’s ability to handle two fraud lawsuits involving the      school . " ’The billionaire    mogul has said that the    Curiel’ ’s ethnic background creates an " inherent conflict of interest " because Trump has promised to build a wall along the    border and deport immigrants who are in the country illegally.’ ’His campaign reportedly issued a memo last week telling surrogates who are asked about the case and Trump’ ’s comments on Curiel that " the best possible response is ’’ the case will be tried in the courtroom in front of a jury   —    not in the media . ’’ " ’ ’But Trump   on Monday , Bloomberg reported , citing two unnamed sources who shared their notes from the call.’ ’When former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer brought up the memo during the call , Trump  on Monday reportedly said , " Take that order and throw that order the hell out . " ’ " Trump  on Monday said that Trump  on Monday did n’t know the staffer who sent the memo and asked how the campaign could defend itself the campaign criticism if supporters were n’t allowed to talk about Curiel and Trump University in the media . " ’"Are there any other stupid letters that were sent to you folks ? " Trump  on Monday said , according to Bloomberg . " That’ ’s one of the reasons I want to have this call , because you guys are getting sometimes stupid information from people that aren’’t so smart . " ’ " Trump  on Monday also reportedly told Trump  on Monday supporters to attack journalists who inquire about Curiel and the lawsuit . Trump  on Monday ’s been beset by   because Trump  on Monday has questioned whether Curiel Curiel disqualifies Trump  on Monday from handling the Trump University cases . " ’Trump reportedly advised going after journalists and suggested that they were journalists racially influenced party for questioning his comments ’Trump Curiel , according to Bloomberg.’ ’Donald Trump advised prominent campaign . .. ’ 
 