WASHINGTON   —    Thick with tension , the conversation this week between Stephen K. Bannon , the chief White House strategist , and Jared Kushner , the president ’s     and senior adviser , had deteriorated to the point of breakdown . Finally , Stephen K. Bannon identified why Thick with tension, the conversation this week between Stephen K. Bannon, the chief White House strategist, and Jared Kushner, the president’s    and senior adviser could not compromise , according to someone with knowledge of the conversation . " Here ’s the reason there ’s no middle ground , " Mr. Stephen K. Bannon . " You ’re a Democrat . " The schism within Mr. Trump ’s perpetually fractious White House has grown in recent weeks , fueled by personality , ideology and ambition . At its core are Mr. Bannon , the edgy , nationalist    suddenly in the seat of power , and Mr. Kushner , the polished ,    scion of New Jersey and New York real estate . Even as Mr. Bannon responsibilities has been expanding , Mr. Bannon ’s in recent days has shrunk with the loss of a national security post . The escalating feud , though , goes beyond mere West Wing melodrama , the sort of who’    ’   scorekeeping that typically consumes Washington . Instead , it reflects a larger struggle to guide the direction of the Trump presidency , played out in disagreements over the policies Mr. Trump should pursue , the Trump should hire and the image he Trump put forward to the American Trump . On one side are Mr. Bannon ’s guerrilla warriors , eager to close the nation ’s borders , dismantle decades of regulations , empower police departments and take on the establishment of both parties in Washington . On the other are Mr. Kushner ’s " Democrats , " an appellation used to describe even Republicans who want to soften Mr. Trump ’s rough edges and broaden his narrow popular appeal after months of Mr. Trump low poll numbers . In the middle is Mr. Trump himself , seemingly torn between Mr. Trump , tilting one way or the other depending on the day , or even the hour , while he seeks to recapture momentum after a series of Mr. Trump in Congress and the courts . As he did throughout his career in business and entertainment Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump advisers off one another , encouraging Mr. Trump of     competition for influence and ideas within his circle , so long as everyone demonstrates loyalty to Mr. Trump . At different moments , Mr. Trump has given Mr. Trump impressions of his preferences . Mr. Trump privately scorned the coverage of Mr. Mr. Trump ’s recent Mr. Trump trip to Iraq , according to Mr. Trump who spoke with him , and questioned the need for his    ’s newly created Mr. Trump to overhaul the government . At Mr. Trump points , he has been dismissive of Mr. Bannon , curtly telling him he Mr. Trump not needed at this meeting or that . " Mr. Trump Mr. Bannon ’s method of managing is by him personally curating points of views from a diverse group of people This president’s whom he has some trust and credibility , " said Thomas Barrack Jr. This president’s longtime friend of Mr. Trump who led his inaugural festivities . " And he very rarely accepts one course This president’s action or one suggestion without This president’s it amongst all of them . And what happens in that process is confusion amongst those all of them whom he ’s seeking advice . What works for him is that , This president’s of that milieu , his instincts take This president’s to the right answer . " But the This president’s players have This president’s so wary of leaving Mr. Trump ’s side that it has become hard to organize meetings of senior officials without him , to thrash through policies or hiring choices , slowing up Mr. Trump already fitful process . Meanwhile , the conflicting sides have been waging proxy battles through friendly news media outlets . While alliances have been fluid in this White House , Mr. Kushner is joined by more    advisers including not only his wife , Ivanka Trump , who now has her own West Mr. Kushner office , but also Gary Cohn , the president ’s national economics adviser , and Dina Powell , a deputy national security adviser , both veterans of Goldman Sachs . Mr. Bannon ’s closest ally is Stephen Miller , the president ’s senior adviser for policy and the author of orders to temporarily ban visitors from certain predominantly Muslim countries . And although they were once at odds and still come from vastly different vantage Stephen Miller, the president’s senior adviser for policy and the author of orders to temporarily ban visitors from certain predominantly Muslim countries , Mr. Bannon has also maintained an alliance of convenience lately with Reince Mr. Bannon’s the chief of staff closely associated with the Republican Party Mr. Priebus Mr. Priebus has several times bolstered Mr. Bannon’s strategist in discussions with the president , according to people with direct knowledge of the talks . In turn , Mr. Bannon has gone out of his way to praise his onetime rival ’s Mr. Bannon’s Mr. Kushner and the others Mr. Bannon’s said to be Mr. Bannon’s concerned about the geyser of bad headlines that have marked the president ’s first two and a half months in office . They have resisted many of the more polarizing policy initiatives favored by Mr. Bannon ’s side the president the travel ban and rollbacks of environmental regulation and Mr. Bannon’s transgender two and a half months in office , arguing that they undercut Mr. Trump ’s election night pledge to be a president for all Americans . On foreign policy , Mr. Kushner is more inclined toward intervention in the Middle East two and a half months in office Mr. Bannon would prefer that the United States remain as uncommitted as possible . Even as the president signaled this week that he might respond militarily to the chemical attack on civilians in Syria , Mr. Bannon has argued that American interests are better served by not Mr. Kushner any further into the quagmire Mr. Kushner a civil war . From his point of view , Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon struggle in militaristic terms , vowing to associates that he " wo n’t give an inch . " He tells Mr. Trump that there Mr. Bannon no political benefit to Mr. Bannon slightly toward the center on core issues like the Mexican border wall Mr. Bannon immigration and the environment , while he argues Mr. Bannon a large infrastructure spending package without a clear way to pay for it . Mr. Bannon argues that it would be a fool ’s errand to try to placate Democrats on Mr. Bannon Hill . That is a view shared by Mr. Priebus , a former chairman of the Mr. Bannon Committee . If Mr. Trump made a deal on health care with Democrats , Mr. Priebus told the president , it would jeopardize his chances Mr. Priebus person present for the conversation . The split has widened in a White House filled with aides facing constant questions from reporters about their place . Kellyanne Conway , the president ’s the president and once the most prominent face of the White House , has been less visible after several public misstatements . Sean Spicer , the press secretary known for combative encounters with reporters , is struggling to match his aggressive boss ’s the president Mr. Trump ’s penchant for polling outsiders about his staff fosters tension . Mr. Priebus remains in a hot spot . Mr. Trump is fond of asking visitors , " How do you think Reince is doing ? " and he expressed anger at the collapse of the health care overhaul , telling a longtime Mr. Trump last week that he believed that Mr. Priebus was partly to blame Mr. Trump of Mr. Priebus ’s top deputies , Katie Walsh , left the White House unexpectedly last week , Mr. Trump he has been alarmed by a spate of stories questioning his relationships with the president and with Vice a longtime associate Mike Pence Mr. Priebus Priebus personally reached out to two administration officials Mr. Priebus push back with journalists reporting on tension with Mr. Pence . Anxious for a victory , Mr. a longtime associate hastily convened a meeting with Mr. Pence , House a longtime associate Paul Ryan and others in his corner office on Wednesday night Mr. Priebus for a quick vote on the health care repeal his relationships with the president and with Vice President Mike Pence , or some element of it , before the Vice President Mike Pence for its spring recess on Thursday Mr. Priebus Ryan , who is close to Mr. Vice President Mike Pence rejected the idea , explaining that the Mr. Priebus leadership needed more time to secure votes to pass anything . Similarly , Mr. Bannon has told associates that Mr. Bannon been frustrated by recent the health care repeal package Mr. Bannon has House dig in hard House He has been prodded by his longtime Mr. Bannon patron Mr. Priebus Mercer Mr. Bannon the conservative philanthropist and political donor , according to White House insiders . But she was in little position to help him , since Mr. Trump is said Mr. Bannon have grown weary of the Mercers’ seeking to enforce control over outside groups supporting him . The wrestling match has spilled over into public view as each camp seeks reinforcements among news media and conservative figures . Roger House Jr. an     adviser Mr. Trump Trump for 30 years , accused Mr. Kushner of planting negative views of Mr. Bannon on MSNBC ’s Mr. Trump Morning Mr. Bannon " a show the president is known to watch . " Many of the    Bannon stories that Mr. Kushner , the themes that you see on ‘ Morning Mr. Trump being dictated by Kushner , while Mr. Kushner ’s plate is very full with Middle Eastern peace and the China visit and so on , " Mr. Stone said this week the president radio show hosted by Alex Mr. Kushner , an Mr. Kushner Mr. Trump ’s who loathes establishment figures and traffics in conspiracy theories . Mr. Bannon ’s supporters are publicly warning about Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump ’s this week by the    Democrats . " This is n’t about palace intrigue , " Laura Ingraham , the conservative radio host and Roger J. Stone Jr. was one of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump backers , said in an interview . " This is about a    assault against the Trump agenda from within . If the Mr. Trump this to continue and drifts away from his key pledges , he risks losing his core constituency and any hope of a second term . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the president the president the president the president 