NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Trumpocrats executive director Christian Rickers told Breitbart News that Hillary Rodham Clinton , the Democratic nominee for president , is " simply unhinged " as evidenced by Hillary Rodham Clinton speech in Reno , Nevada , on Thursday . [ " Hillary Rodham Clinton is simply unhinged and appealing to the lowest common denominator , " Rickers , a lifelong Democrat who backed Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primaries but is now leading a movement crossing over to the Republican Party to back GOP nominee Donald Trump , told Breitbart News in response to Clinton ’s " " speech . " Clinton performance today was more evidence of how desperate Clinton has become . "   Rickers’ organization , the " Trumpocrats , " represents the tens of thousands of Democrats who are leaving the Republican Party because they believe the Republican Party Clinton Clinton represent their values the Republican Party   and are instead voting for Trump in the general election . Rickers is planning a bus tour through key battleground states coming up , and is hardly alone : Several other Democrats , as Breitbart News has already reported , are standing up with him —   Breitbart News in those key states than the handful of Republican D. C. insiders who have switched teams to back Hillary Clinton . Clinton that Clinton Rickers Thursday speech Clinton , and actually turned off lots of Democrats who are now even more willing to abandon the Democratic Party under Hillary ’s reign and instead Clinton change over the status quo with Trump . " We ’re focused on Americans , " Rickers said on Thursday in Rickers exchange with Breitbart News after Clinton ’s speech . " Clinton Bringing dignity back to American workers and families . My party has anointed the wrong person   —    a perfect example of the broken political system . This is disappointing and sad . Americans need to wake up . Organize with us . Join the American Uprising . " In the meandering speech on Thursday in Reno , Clinton spent Thursday entire time not Clinton about jobs , the economy , trade deals , national security , or any of the issues that matter . She instead spent an entire Thursday Clinton August just months —   weeks , really —   before the election talking about her new theories about the vast Clinton " wing conspiracy . 
 