  ( CNN ) In the first and only vice presidential debate of 2016 , the second fiddles took center stage . Their conversation at times , however , might be described as just a little out of tune .   Both Republican Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Democratic Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine dug in to defend Both Republican Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Democratic Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine candidates     often falling over each other to deliver a series of canned zingers and wild jabs . Here are 11 of Both Republican Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Democratic Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine most    flat   : 1 . Pence flubs name of university   " Well , first off , thank you , Elaine , and thank you to     thank you to Norwood University for Norwood University wonderful hospitality and the Commission on Presidential Debates . " ( The debate took place at Longwood University in Farmville , Virginia ) . 2 . Pence on ’ ’ campaign , " He says ours is an    campaign . Did you all just hear that ? Ours is an    campaign ? " said Pence , running mate of Donald Trump , who during the debate retweeted insults of Kaine . 3 . Kaine struggles with predictable jab , " You are Donald Trump ’s apprentice , " Kaine said clumsily , referencing the television show Trump once starred in . 4 . Kaine tried again , " Do you want a ’you’re hired’ president in Hillary Clinton or do you want a ’you’re fired’ president in Donald Trump ? " Kaine asked . 5 . Pence on Donald Trump taxes , Pence defended his running mate ’s reported tax return showing $ 916 million loss in 1995 , saying : " His his returns showed he his through a very difficult time , but he his the tax code just the way it the tax code supposed to be used . And he his it the tax code . " 6 . Pence ’s recycled line , " There they go again , " he his , ripping off a famous debate line from Ronald Reagan in 1980 . 7 . Pence Pence’s very specific number of economists , Pence Pence’s " 305 economists said your plan is bad for the economy . " 8 . Kaine muddles his Kaine Universe line   " Donald Trump ca n’t start a Twitter war with Miss Universe without shooting himself Donald Trump the foot , " he Donald Trump . 9 . Pence ’s topographical assessment of Clinton economic plan , " We ’re going to be in a mountain range of debt ( if Clinton Clinton ) , " he Donald Trump . 10 . Kaine Kaine canned line on Trump Donald Trump ’Mount Rushmore’ of dictators , " He Kaine got kind of a personal Mount Rushmore , Vladimir Putin , Kim    Moammar Gadhafi . .. ( Pence interrupts ) . .. and Saddam Hussein , " he Saddam Hussein . 11 . Pence responds to a question about homegrown terror . .. by talking about immigration , " Well , I think it immigration     I think it immigration a great question , Elaine , but it immigration does begin with us reforming our us system and putting the interests , particularly the safety and security of the American people , " he Saddam Hussein 
 