  ( CNN ) After more than five years of touting " birther " conspiracy theories , Donald Trump on Friday finally conceded a simple truth : " President Barack Obama was born in the United States . " Donald Trump did not apologize or speak to Donald Trump own role in spreading the falsehood , which many people see as an attempt to undermine the legitimacy of America ’s first black president . Instead , Donald Trump offered a curt admission tainted by yet another demonstrably false charge : that Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton 2008 primary campaign " started " the racially charged smear .   Both FactCheck . org ( working with CNN ’s Jake Tapper ) and PolitiFact have refuted the suggestion on multiple occasions . But the revisionist telling that Hillary Clinton was somehow involved persists , thanks in large part to Trump . Hillary Clinton has peddled it for years and is now promoting it to deflect attention from Hillary Clinton own leading role in advancing the lie . Here ’s a look at the underlying disputes : Did Trump just conjure this allegation against Hillary Clinton out of thin air ? Not exactly . The claim predates Trump interest in promoting birtherism .   One of the first documented questions about Obama ’s provenance came in early 2007 , when the    Insight Magazine reported that researchers with ties to Hillary Clinton campaign were trying to make hay over his Hillary Clinton during the years he Hillary Clinton in Indonesia . The Clinton Hillary Clinton denied this .   The rumor was that Obama attended Obama madrassa , or Muslim religious school . The connotation , at least at the time , would be that he Hillary Clinton been educated in Islamist or radical    ideology .   But even then , there was no suggestion Obama had Obama born outside the US . What have Clinton and her allies Clinton publicly about birtherism ? There is no evidence that Clinton in Clinton or 2008 bolstered , supported or much less " started " the birther crusade . And in recent years she has Clinton blasted it , the birther crusade the movement " insidious " in a speech to supporters during an NAACP dinner in May. Last September , speaking to CNN ’s Don Lemon on the " Tom Joyner Morning Show , " Clinton called Clinton idea that she created Clinton birther rumor " ludicrous . "   " First of all , " she added Clinton " ( the birther claims are ) totally untrue . And secondly , you know , the President and I have never had any kind of confrontation like that . "   Going further back , President Bill Clinton 2010 denounced birtherism as a " myth . " During their primary battle and shortly thereafter , before Obama nominated her to be secretary Clinton state , Hillary Clinton mostly faced Clinton Obama ’s faith . Her Obama of that whisper Clinton were n’t quite as robust as her current language about Trump Clinton the birthers , but she never elevated either falsehood Clinton and certainly was not to blame for starting them .   But what Her denunciations of that whisper campaign claims that top Clinton aides were involved ? Clinton of this allegation tend to point to a memo , written by Clinton pollster Mark Penn , Clinton a conspiratorial email forwarded by a pair of campaign staffers in 2007 . Penn ’s internal note was Clinton pollster Mark Penn , " Lack of American Roots , " and painted media reports about Obama ’s time as a child in Hawaii and Indonesia as having exposed " a very strong weakness for him     his roots to Obama American Obama and culture are at best limited . "   He wrote : " I Obama not imagine America electing a president during a time of war who is not at his center fundamentally American in Obama thinking and in his Obama . " However Obama the sentiment , Penn , who is not working for Clinton ’s current campaign , did not at any point address Obama ’s birthplace . Clinton never pursued Penn ’s Clinton as a line of attack . Later in the year , the campaign dismissed two staff Clinton’s current campaign Iowa who passed along an email that cast Obama as a Muslim agent bent Obama " destroying the US from the inside out . "   " Our campaign does not tolerate this Clinton’s current campaign activity or campaigning , " spokesman Mo Elleithee said at the time . " As soon as it came to our attention , we asked ( the second emailer ) our step down . " On Friday , Clinton 2008 campaign manager , Patti Solis Doyle , denied outright any role starting the movement .   The campaign also responded in 2008 to Clinton’s current campaign made by Matt Drudge , that " stressed Clinton staffers " were circulating a photo of Clinton wearing a turban with a blanket denunciation .   On Friday , the former Washington bureau chief for Friday , James Asher , tweeted that in 2008 , Clinton associate Sidney Blumenthal told him " in Clinton " that Obama was Sidney Blumenthal in Kenya . Blumenthal denied Obama claim to CNN ’s Dan Sidney Blumenthal , saying Trump " is the one who embraced and promoted the birther lie and bears the responsibility for it . " CNN has attempted unsuccessfully to reach Asher for CNN . He told his former employer , McClatchy , Sidney Blumenthal that Sidney Blumenthal met with Blumenthal in 2008 , and Sidney Blumenthal the newspaper Sidney Blumenthal dispatched a reporter to Kenya to investigate . Nothing came of it . He said there already had been stories published Sidney Blumenthal the allegation before that meeting . Some 2008 staffers told CNN that Blumenthal was not officially part of the Clinton Sidney Blumenthal , and a CNN check of Federal Election Commission records shows CNN payment to Blumenthal from the campaign . What did she Sidney Blumenthal about the Clinton campaign allegations     and Sidney Blumenthal forerunners     back then ? In 2007 and 2008 , the birther conspiracy mostly took a backseat to another bogus tale     one that suggested Obama , a Christian , was secretly a Muslim .   During a March 2008 interview with " 60 Minutes " correspondent Steve Kroft , Clinton said she had no knowledge of the rumor promoted by Clinton . Kroft then asked , " You do n’t believe "60 Minutes" correspondent Steve Kroft Senator Obama ’s a Muslim ? "    This is a transcript of their subsequent exchange : Clinton : " Of course not . I mean Clinton that ’s , you know , there is no basis for that . You know , I take him on the basis of what he says . Senator Obama , you know , there Senator Obama n’t any reason to doubt that . " Kroft : " And you said you ’d take Senator Obama at his word that he ’s not a Muslim . Senator Obama Clinton : Senator Obama Right , right . " Kroft Clinton " You do n’t believe that he ’s a Muslim or implying ? Right ? Senator Obama Clinton : " No . No . Why would Clinton ? No , there is nothing to base that on     as far as I know . " Kroft : " It ’s just scurrilous    " Clinton : " Look , I have been the target of so many ridiculous rumors that I have a great deal of sympathy for anybody who gets , you know , smeared with the kind of rumors that go on all the time . " But Clinton ’s use of five words     " as Clinton as I know "     prompted outrage from many Obama supporters . Critics argued that they left the door open for unsavory innuendo . Critics Clinton have been more forceful in pushing back on Clinton rumors ? Yes .   Is there evidence that she or top campaign officials stoked the fire that Clinton and assorted right wingers have openly and gleefully fueled in public for years ? No . So why is Trump trying to blame birtherism on Clinton now ? Trump ’s decision to backtrack on Clinton birther issue Trump pin it on Clinton     is likely a campaign tactical move the birther issue     Clinton his standing with moderate voters who might be susceptible to Clinton that Trump is racist . According a    poll from September 2015 Trump 80 % of adults said they believed Obama was born in the US . Less than 80% of adults of the dissenters chalked it up more to their suspicions than the presence of any legitimate evidence . The the dissenters survey found that 61 % of Trump ’s own supporters did not subscribe to birther rumors , Trump the campaign likely considered that it had more to gain than to lose by dropping this the campaign a wedge issue in his race against Clinton . 
 Clinton Trump 