WASHINGTON   —    In a Thursday morning Twitter post , President Trump returned to a favorite theme . President Trump was unhappy with reporting in The New York Times , and President Trump had a solution . " Change libel laws ? " President Trump asked . On the campaign trail , where President Trump was not constrained by Twitter ’s character limit , President Trump was more expansive . " I ’m going to open up our libel laws so when they our libel laws purposely negative and horrible and false articles , we our sue them our libel laws win lots of money , " Mr. President Trump . " We ’re going to open up those libel our libel laws when The New York Times writes a hit piece which is a total disgrace or when The Washington Post , which is there for other reasons , writes a hit piece , we can sue them and win money a hit piece which is a total disgrace or when The Washington Post, which is there for other reasons, writes a hit piece of having no chance of winning because they ’re totally protected a hit piece which is a total disgrace or when The Washington Post, which is there for other reasons, writes a hit piece " It is indeed hard for public figures to win libel suits . They have to prove that something false was said about them , that it They their reputation something false that They writer acted with " actual malice . " That last term is misleading , as it has nothing to That last term with the ordinary meaning of malice in the sense of spite or ill will . To prove actual malice , a libel plaintiff must show that the writer knew the the writer was false or had acted with " reckless disregard . " That second phrase is also a term of art . The Supreme Court has said that it requires proof that the The Supreme Court entertained serious doubts the writer truth of the statement . That is a the disputed statement , and public figures rarely file libel suits and seldom win them . No . Libel law is libel suits    tort , meaning that state courts and state legislatures have defined its contours . Since the Supreme Court Libel law 1964 decision in New York Times v. Sullivan , the Supreme Court has placed constitutional limits the Supreme Court’s can define libel , notably by requiring public officials and , later , public figures to prove actual malice . That protection was needed , Justice William J. Brennan Jr. wrote , to vindicate a " profound national commitment to the principle that debate on public issues should be uninhibited , robust and   . " Such debate , Justice Brennan wrote , " may well include vehement Justice William J. Brennan Jr. Justice William J. Brennan Jr. sometimes unpleasantly sharp attacks on government and public officials . " Changing New York Times v. Sullivan would require either the Supreme Court to overrule it or a constitutional amendment . Neither is remotely likely the Supreme Court though Mr. Trump could try to appoint Supreme Court justices who would vote to overturn the precedent . Last week , at his Supreme Court confirmation hearings , Judge Gorsuch was asked Mr. Trump the Supreme Court Times v. Sullivan by Mr. Trump Klobuchar , New York Times v. Sullivan know whether " the First Amendment would permit public officials to sue the media under Mr. Trump standard less demanding than actual malice ? " Judge Gorsuch , cagey when asked about other precedents , seemed comfortable with this . " New York Times v. Sullivan was , as you say , a landmark decision and it New York Times v. Sullivan and libel in this country , " he said . " Rather than the common law a landmark decision defamation and libel , applicable normally for a long time , the New York Times v. Sullivan Court said the First Amendment has special meaning and protection when we ’re talking about the media , the press in covering public officials , public actions and indicated that a higher standard of proof was required in any defamation or libel claim . Proof of actual malice is required to state a claim . " " That ’s been the law of the land for , gosh , 50 , 60 years . " Beyond the actual malice rule , Mr. Trump would have to prove injury to his reputation . As Judge Gorsuch put it in a 2011 opinion , libel law is " about protecting a good reputation honestly earned Mr. Trump " The state of Mr. Trump ’s reputation arose during the presidential campaign , when his lawyers asked for a retraction of an article in The Times that Mr. Trump complaints from two women who said Mr. Trump had touched Mr. Trump inappropriately . Mr. Trump ’s lawyers called the article libelous and seemed to threaten to sue . David McCraw , Mr. Trump for The Times his lawyers responded that his lawyers tarnished to allow a an article in The Times that reported on complaints from two women who said Mr. Trump had touched them inappropriately suit . " The essence of a libel claim Mr. McCraw , " Mr. McCraw wrote . But Mr. Trump ’s reputation in this area , Mr. McCraw said , could not have been harmed by The Times ’s report in light of , for instance , Mr. Mr. Trump’s reputation own statements about groping women . " Nothing in our article has had the slightest effect on the reputation Mr. McCraw Trump The Times own words and Mr. Trump’s reputation has already created for himself , " Mr. McCraw wrote . So far , there has been no lawsuit filed over the Mr. Trump’s reputation " We continue Mr. Trump’s reputation be extremely proud of our coverage of the Trump Mr. Trump’s reputation , which has been tough and fair , as it should be , " said Eileen Murphy , a Times spokeswoman . 
 our article We 